1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437
simply because the act of Congress had declared
that the office should cease on the death of the
incumbent. It is competent for Congress to create
a now office upon the active service list, and to
provide, by the effect and operation of the law,
that the offices held by those on the retired list
shall cease on their death. If, therefore, I were
to admit the Senator's conclusion on this law, that,
upon the death of the retired officers, no person
can be appointed to their places, it would be sim-
ply admitting that the act of Congress abolishes,
on their death, the office which they now hold,
and which they will continue to hold until they
die; and, that for that reason, there is no longer
an office to be filled. If there is an office remain-
ing after their death, the President could fill it if
he saw lit; but if there is none, the power of ap-
pointment does not extend to the creation of an
office, or to appointing an individual to an office
which does not exist.
1 think, then, 1 may place these two results—the
one fallen into by my honorable friend from Lou-
isiana, and the other by my honorable friend
from Michigan—m the same predicament; and
they furnish irrefragable proof that the theory of
both is entirely wrong, and cannot be supported.
In coming to that conclusion, I not only appeal to
common sense, winch was invoked by my hon-
orable friend from Louisiana, but I appeal to the
higher authority of the Constitution; and the con-
clusion in either view is precisely the same.
With the leave of the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire, I will advert to a topic which I
designedly omitted in the debate on Thursday.
I refer to that portion of the law which has been
referred to by my friend from Michigan, which
provides that vacancies 44 shall be filled by regular
promotion m the order of rank and seniority." I
beg leave to say that it was not competent for
Congress to pass a law of that kind. It proscribes
to the Executive a rule of action, telling him
whom lie shall nominate to office and whom he
shall not. It says what is not said by any law
in existence. It goes beyond any power which
has ever been exercised, or attempted to be exer-
cised, by Congress—to toll the Executive the
identical person whom he shall nominate to the
Senate for confirmation; because it indicates what
is perfectly as well known as if the name of the
officer were incorporated into the statute itself.
Every gentleman who has spoken on this subject
lias admitted that we ha\e no power to limit the
Executive m thai" respect. You h.ive no power
to say to him whom he shall nominate. The
Constitution has left that power exclusively to
him. You cannot control or linnt his constitu-
tional discretion. If he weio to see lit, to-day. to
nominate one of those retired officeis in the line
of promotion—to adopt the language of the honor-
able Senator from Michigan—and if we were to
confirm it, the action of the President and of this
branch of Congress would show the utter inva-
lidity of the law, although the law had iecened
the sanction of the House^jf Representatives. It
could not be so, were it not that the House of
Representatives has no power to express a voice
on the subject. I say. then, that m tins point of
view the law is unconstitutional. It is unconsti-
tutional in saying that those who are placed on
the reserved list shall be ineligible to further pro-
motion. Suppose a lieutenant, who has been put
off the list of active service, and who has been
placed on the reserved list, were to be nominated
to-day in the line of promotion, and this body
were to confirm him, he would be in office; J
think eveiy gentleman will admit that. There-
fore that part of the law which declares that he
shall be ineligible to promotion is unconstitutional.
Suppose, again, that the President should make
a nomination, to fill any of these vacancies, of any
other officer of the iNavy, or of any citizen, and
we confirmed him, he would be in office; and
why? Because the highest power known to the
country had put him m office, and there would be
no power anywhere which could say he should
not be in that office.
1 say, then, with regard to these two points,
to say nothing of any other, the law is clearly
beyond the limits of the constitutional power of
both Houses of Congress; and it is in this pre-
cise respect in which injustice is done to those
brave and gallant officers, who, without any fault,
have been, as the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan says, put out of the Navy—out of office—
and dropped entirely from the service, if I under-
stand him. It is because of the provision that
they shall be ineligible to further promotion, and
because of the provision that the President, m
filling vacancies, shall proceed according to rules
which the law attempts to lay down, that this
law is so exceedingly offensive to those who have
been subjected to its operation. If you had seen
fit simply to retire the officers without touching
their commission; without impeaching their char-
acter, (as certainly their character is not im-
peached, because, if it had been, they would have
been dropped;) if you had merely placed them on !
a retired list without affecting their office—with- !
out putting them under a clause of disability as !
ineligible to promotion—it would have been re- i
garded by them as it should have been regarded ;
—as I doubt not it was the intention of Congress, ;
the intention of the President, and of the Depart-
metn to regat d it—as an honoiable retirement upon
what is better than any pension list which exists
in the British Government, or any other gov-
ernment of which I have any information; that
is to say, these brave and gallant men now, when
they are advanced in life, have an honorable retire-
ment upon a double or treble pension; they are
placed there without being called upon for ser-
vice, and are receiving what would be much better
than any pension ever granted by this Govern-
ment, or granted to a similar officer by the British
Government.
I repeat, sir, we have incautiously, while we
placed them in that position, affixed a stigma by j
declaring what we have no power to declare, that i
they are ineligible to promotion. We have com- ;
milted another act beyond our power: Ave have 1
said, without regard to the constitutional discre-
tion of the President, that in filling vacancies he j
should not take any men he pleased, but should !
be confined to particular officers indicated in the j
law. Sir, I am in favor of an act repealing so
much of the law of the last session as declaies
them ineligible, and undertakes to say that the
President shall fill vacancies by appointments m
the regular line of promotion. If that is done, I
do not sec that wrong will be done to any one.
I do not see that there will be any embarrassment
if that be taken out of the way. The power of
the President would then be undoubted to pro-
mote any of these men, if he saw fit to do so.
There would be no law against it on the statute-
book. constitutional or unconstitutional; but his
discretion would remain, avowedly by Congress,
unfettered and untrameled. That is precisely
the position in which it ought to stand. The
executive power would then be left without en-
croachment, and justice could be done to every
officer by the constitutional power of the Presi-
dent, as Well to those who have been dropped as
to those who are upon tile retired list; because he
would have the power of nominating those who
have b«-eu dropped to the places from whicii they
have been dropped.
There is one point upon which the honorable
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] made a ques-
tion the other day—with regard to the validity
of these temporary appointments. I do not in-
tend to express an opinion upon that point, be-
cause, in my judgment, it makes no difference in
the result whether those appointments be valid
or void; because the officers promoted have the
right to command in the places where they stand,
by vntue of their fonner commissions, if riot by
the commissions which they now hold. 1 submit
to that honorable Senator whether a question is
lint presented on that class of appointments,
which does not fall within the reasoning pre-
sented by a late distinguished gentleman fiom
Virginia, (Mr. Tazewell.) at the tune when a
decision of the Senate was had on the point,
namely, that tbcio must be a contingency in \a-
cation'to fall withm ttie Constitution. I submit,
: there is a question here, whether the new office
'was created dunng the s-ssion of Congress,
or whether it sprung into existence upon a con-
tingency during the vacation of the Senate. I do
not wish to go info that question, but I think it
presents a point of doubt and difficulty, it is
competent for Congress, upon a contingency to
occur hereafter, to create en office; and if that
contingency occurs in vacauor, it is a question
w luch' iias" not yet been passed upon by the
Senate or any department of the Government,
whether an c'ppoiuinrjin um be made by the
President alone, within the Constitution. As,
however, it does not seem to me to be at all ne-
cessary to go into that question, I forbear to ex-
press any opinion on it; and I am willing to leave
these gentlemen with their temporary commissions
untouched; because, if we do not confirm them,
or if we repeal the law, the temporary commis-
sions will cease.
I beg pardon of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire for having trespassed upon him longer than
1 intended.
Mr. HALE. Mr.President,there were butafew
words that I wished to say in reference to this
matter, and I desired to say them in answer to
the Senator from Michigan, because I think his
remarks had a tendency to mislead. I do not
intend, so far as any humble agency of mine here
is concerned, to be led off from the view which I
have presented. The complaint which I make,
and which I have made, in behalf of these men,
is, that injustice has been done to them. Th«
complaint that I make in behalf of the individual
whose memorial was intrusted to me, was that,
whilst \\c was in the prompt, honorable, and
efficient discharge of his duty, doing everything
that an officer could do', or ought to do, or that
the country had a right to ask of him, securing,
as he fondly hoped, an honorable reputation to
himself ancf those who were to come after him,
he was unjustly stricken down, tried behind his
back, disgraced, condemned, his property, rep-
utation. and office taken away from him under
color of law.
That was my complaint. It was not that he
had been honorably retired in his old age, and put
into a comfortable place, and pensioned to live a
pauper on the bounty of his country. He has
not even that poor consolation left to him. That
is not his complaint. It is that he has been tried
behind his back, and that he has been found in-
competent for conduct which is blameworthy;
end thus, in contravention of all the rights of a
freeman, of all the lights of every citizen living
under a government of law, he has been deprived
of that which was dearer to him than life. That
is his complaint, and he comes here and asks for
justice. You want to give him a syllogism in-
stead of it; and you answer his complaint by
suggesting that a great many old gentlemen have
been very well taken care of. That may be so,
but they do not think so—not even those old men
imagine such a thing.
Sir, I say, that if there be a single case of that
kind, if there be a case where a man has a righc
to make that complaint—and everybody has a
right to make it until he has had a trial—tins
Senate is bound to hear him. I tell you, sir, it
is o complaint which cannotbe made in this coun-
try without being listened to. It will be listened
to", and it will be heard; and if these gentlemen
do not get redrcrs here, they will get it over your
heads; "they will get it from the people. The
people are just—eminently so—and if the Senato
will not hear the complaint of an officer situated
like the one to whom I have referred, there is a
tribunal that will hear him; and that is the tribunal
of public opinion, ever ready to listen to such a
complaint as this. It is idle for the Senate to
think they can stop it. These men demand jus-
tice, and they will have it. I do not make any
threat. They may not get it here, though 1 rather
think they will—that is my private opinion—but
if they do not get it here, they will have it from
that tribunal which is ever ready to awaid justice
to every man who deserves it—the public opinion
j of the country; and in that event, the only men
| who will be found to have suffeied severely by
I the late act of Congress and the proceedings of
1 tins board will be the fifteen men who undertook
; to execute it. They will be the only men upon
! who^e garments the smell of fire will remain after
I they have all walked through the furnace together.
Now, sir, how wide of the mark is it not U)
; tell such a man that the law is constitutional or
! unconstitutional in relation to another class ot
; officers, and that men have been well taken caro
of, and ought to be satisfied! The honorable
, Senator from Michigan said he was not going to
argue the merits of The law, but he seemed to me
to" come very near it. There is, however, on«
strikma* view which I wish to present: why is it
that you are treating the Navy and the Army so
very difFeiently? The Navy was at first a pet
i child of the old Federal party. It laihtar wuiH
