'4$B
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
into the shade uncles Jefferson, but it finally came
up with more than its pristine glory, and the day
of gun-boats was succeeded by ocean steamers
and steam-packets. The Navy stood higher in
public estimation than it ever did, even in the days
of the old Federal party.
The last Congress took the senior officer of
the Army—a great deal older than some of the
old men whojiave been retired from the Navy—
they took General Scott,-and what did they do
with him ? I have no words but those of kind-
ness and respect to use towards that officer; but I
say they took General Scott and searched the
legislation of the country from the beginning of
the Government down to the present time, and
they did not find scope enough within all the acts
ever passed to do him honor; but an extraordinary
act was passed to do extraordinary honor to the
oldest officer in the American Army; I believe
the people were satisfied with it. I believe they
said it was well; I believe they said he had won
the honor bravely and honorably, and there was
nobody disposed to find fault with it. But, sir,
when we were heaping such honors on the head
of the Army, how were you serving the senior
officer of the American 'Navy—old Commodore
Stewart ? He had fought every foe whom he had
ever been called upon to meet, and one which he
had not beei} called upon to meet, but which
came unawares on him, and that was the palsy;
but " Old Ironsides" shook that oil*. The palsy
could not lay him low; but that which old age,
and time, and palsy could not do, his own Gov-
ernment have done. They have disgraced the
old Than. He looks upon it as a disgrace, and the
country looks upon it so, and his own State looks
upon it so; though the Senator from Michigan
probably says he is not disgraced.
I remember that when Mr. John Y. Mason was
Secretary of the Navy, he told me that a com-
modore in the Navy had said to h-im, that the
severest disgrace he had ever known to be put
upon a sailor—that which the sailor took as the
severest disgrace—was when he was dressed in
woman's clothes, and told that he was not fit to
•bo a man. He said that if he was not fit to be
a man, he was not fit to live, and he jumped over-
board and drowned himself. Well, sir, the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan and the honorable
Senator from Connecticut—both able, profound,
and learned lawyers—do not know, from the read-
ing of this law, whether Commodore Stewart is
an officer of the Navy or not. He is put into the
condition that that sailor was with petticoats on.
[Laughter.} It is doubtful whether he is a sailor
m the line or not. The very fact that such a
question as that can be raised upon him, is a dis-
grace.
Mr. TOUCEY. I hope the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire vill not say that I do not
know where he is.
Mr. HALE. 1 think the Senator does know.
Mr. TOUCEY. I know ho is in the Navy
with a commission; that ho has not been put out
of it, and is not likely to be put out.
Mr. HALE. I am glad to hear that, and I
should like to inquire if the honorable Senator
from Michigan knows the same thing ?
Mr. STUART. I will inform the Senate when
the Senator from New Hampshire is through.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, that is the way 1 un-
derstood them. I understood that the mows
which those gentlemen presented were very dif-
ferent; and I say the very fact that such a ques-
tion can be raised is a disgrace. The very fact
that it is doubtful whether old Commodore "Stew-
art is in the Navy, arid in the line of the Navy, or
not, is a disgrace. But, sir, I do not wish to be
led off into such a discussion now. The ques-
tion before us is on the resolution of the honor-
able Senator from Tennessee. We want the
facts which it will disclose; we want the record;
we want to know how the board began and how
they progressed; wc want their report. When
we get that, wo shall be able to discuss this mat-
ter understanding^.
I shall say no more at present, simply because
I do not want to discuss the merits of this law
now. I rose merely to answer the suggestions
of the Senator from Michigan, because I thought
he misapprehended it. When we get the record
and find what are the facts, we shall, as has been
suggested, know where we are and how to pro-
ceed. I do not intend, however, to be led of[
from the position which I take, which is, that men
have suffered injustice; that they have been tried
behind their backs, deprived of their commissions,
of their reputation, and of their property in their
commissions and reputation, without a hearing.
To that redress, which I believe the Senate is
amply competent to give, I wish to come in the
way indicated by the Senator from Tennessee,
which is by the passage of this resolution.
Mr- WELLJSR. I move that the further con-
sideration of this subject be postponed until to-
morrow at one o'clock. My object in making
that motion is, that the Senate may.have the
message read winch has been sent in by the
President of the United States. I understand
that message is on the subject of our difficulties
in the Territory of Kansas, and that it contains
some very important documents.
Mr. STUART. I do not wish to delay the
action of the Senate; but I desire to say that the
difficulty which has met the Senator from Loui-
siana, from the commencementof this discussion
down to the present time, seems now to be forced
also upon me. Gentlemen are discussing this
question like forked lightning. Here is the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire, who rises and says
that he has ascertained a case of injustice, and he
insists that the injustice shall be relieved, come
what may, and that it will be relieved. He .says
that if the Senate does not hear it and relieve it,
the people will do so over our heads. On the other
hand, the honorable Senator-from Connecticut
says—says rightly and truly—that, under the
Constitution, the President has the fullest power
over every such question of injury and injustice,
to relieve it; and he adds—and adds with equal
truth—that he is the only authority under this
Government which has that power. He can do it;
he should do it. It is the act of the President which
has"put the individual in the position of which the
Senator from New Hampshire complains; itis not
our act. It was not in the power of Congress or
of the law to do it; but it was in the power of the
President of the United States, under the Consti-
tution and the law, to do it; and he has done it.
Now, if injustice has been done, it is equally and
clearly within his power to remedy the injustice;
and that is the upshot of this whole inquiry.
I When you have done all you can, the Senate and
| the House of Representatives are powerless for
S relief. The President's prerogative is ample; he
; can do it all; and the wisdom of the Constitution
' of the United States js verified in this very case.
' The executive department of this Government
i possesses the means of inquiry and knowledge
| which neither the Senate nor the House of Rep-
' resentalives possesses.
Now, sir, I have a word to say in respect to
the reply made to me by the honorable Senator
from Connecticut. Senators, no less than law-
yers, should discuss a legal question not only
fully but fairly. There can be no room for mis-
understanding between that Senator and myself
[ in respect to ourviews. I submitted that, within
j the constitutional and legal sense, these men were
j not officers m the Na\y; I say so now, 1 said it
i was not piecisely correct lo call them officers or
to call them not officers; that tln-ir precise posi-
tion was that assign* d to theni by the President
. under the law,—men retired from the Navy, sub-
1 jee-t to be called into service jf he chooses, and.
| receiving compensation.
; If the theory wh'eh was referred to by the
, Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] be true at j
| nil, the retired officers are the men who hold the '
| new places of which he spoke—the new offices, j
! if you please to call them so. I think not. I j
i think it is a new position given to them, in virtue i
of the law, by the power of the President. We i
' cannot misunderstand each other on this posi- j
Lion. Unless a law creating an office declares j
1 that when the incumbent dies ox resigns the of- !
fice shall expire, that office exists. Well, sir, j
; this lav/, which was passed at the last session, !
| has not made any such declaration. It has not :
i declared that the office to which an individual !
shall be promoted shall cease when he ceases to \
hold it. It has not declared that the position held j
by retired officers shall cease when they cease to j
hold it. Therefore it was that I reasoned, from :
the body of the law itself, that its construction j
(which construction is irresistible) is, that the !
position of those retired is no office; that they j
are taken out of the office which they held !
before, but that it remains an office, and is filled by
a new appointment; and that the position which
they now hold is not an office, because when they
cease to occupy it the place ceases to exist, with-
out any declaration of the law on the subject. I
said it was more nearly allied to a pension list
than to anything else; but was only correctly
described by using the language of the statute
itself.
I stated that I agreed with the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut in respect to the power of
the Executive; and yet he will find that all who
have gone before us have not agreed on that
point. Pie will find, that when forces were raised
to go to Mexico, the President was limited in the
appointment of field officers to officers of a certain
rank. I was not in Congress at the time. I
thought it was unconstitutional; but it was said
not to be so by those of whom I inquired. I
confess that is the inclination of my mind now;
but if the honorable Senator be correct, as T think
he is on that point, there is no necessity for re-
pealing that provision of the law. .It is null by
force of the Constitution itself; to repeal it would
make it 110 more so. The repeal might, perhaps,
relieve the President from some embarrassment,
but it could have no force or effect as a law.
Then, sii, I agree with the honorable Senator
from Connecticut, as I have from the outset, that
the whole remedy, if any case of injustice or in-
jury exists, is with the executive department,
and that remedy js ample for every case.
Sir, the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire, m the close of his remarks, seems to have
discovered something which, m his opinion, is
new. He says he is exceedingly anxious to
come to a vote on tlus resolution, and get at the
facts for wluoh it inquires. I have sat here for
weeks and have not said a word, being solicitous
to come to that vote; and I have hcaid that hon-
orable Senator not less than three or four times,
in the most eloquent strains, complaining of an
individual case. I have been ready at all times—
and I say to the honorable Senator that I am
ready now, and if the Senate should postpone
this question until to-morrow morning, 1 shall
be ready then—to vote for the most ample in-
quiry. I know there is a force at woik which
the Senator from New Hampshire sees, and
which inspires him with the belief that the Senate
is goin^ to sweep this law out of existence; and
he looks for the glorious day which he imagines
is conung about, when justice will be done to all
and injustice to none; hut I apprehend all that
will vanish when those gentlemen who have been
busying themselves in simply making complaints
shall be called upon to vote in favor of a particu-
lar measure of relief. I think they will then bo
greatly divided in sentiment as to the mode of
operation. But I am anxious to see that day
come.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not fully
appreciate the importance of the suggestion of
my friend from Cuhfi^nia, [Mr. Wjcller;] but I
shall not interpose any obstacle to its accomplish-
ment. If there is any other Senator who desires
to be heard on this resolution, there would be a
manifest propiiuty in postponing it until to-mor-
row; but, if no other gentleman wishes to be
heard upon it, had wc not better dispose of it now?
It will take but a few minutes. If any gentleman
desiics to be heaid, I am willing that it shall go
over untd to-morrow; if not, I suggest that we
had better take the vote now.
Mr WELLER. If there is to be no further
discussion, I, of course, will withdraw my mo-
tion. My only object was to dispose of this
question, in order that we might proceed to the
reading of the President's message, which I con-
sider to 1)0 one of vast importance.
Mr. KliiSSENDEN. I have no desire to make
any remarks, generally, upon the resolution; but
I would suggest to the Senator from Tennessee
that, while the resolution is in its present shape,
I shall not be able to vote for it, though I should
like to do so. I wish to ask him whether it would
not be well so to amend the resolution as to con-
fine its call for information to those officers who
make complaints to the Senate ? To that I sup-
pose there will be no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In reply to the
Senator from Maine, J wdi state that 1 intend to
propose that amendment. You will remember,
Mr. President, that on Thursday, during the dis-
