2038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
men! of the Senate to strike out by adding an
additional clause. Does that clause follow those
stricken out, or does it stand as a separate and
distinct proposition ? It is one of those questions
to my mind which do not admit of a doubt.
The difficulty arises from the fact, that the amend-
ment of the Senate is simply to strike out.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is not pre-
sented to the House as a proposition to amend
its own amendment; but as a proposition to
amend the amendment which comes from the
Senate; and the Chair thinks that it is in order.
Mr. SEWARD. The amendment is to some-
thing. Now, what is it an amendment to? I
want to read^the amendment of the Senate, then
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio, and
■what it is that the amendment is an amendment to.
The portion of the Army appropriation bill
proposed to be. stricken out by the Senate was
reaa by the Clerk.
Mr. SEWARD. Thatamendmentwas stricken
out by the Senate. It therefore constitutes no
portion of the bill. Not being a part of the bill,
can it be amended ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Instead of striking out, I
move to insert the amendment after the word
" provided."
The SPEAKER. The Chair must decide that
motion not to be in order. It is impossible for
the House to amend its own amendment.
Mr. COBB. I understand that this proposi-
tion is entertained as an amendment to the Sen-
ate's amendment—an amendment to the motion
to strike out. Therefore, if this amendment is
adopted by the House, the question will then re-
cur on concurring with the Senate m striking- out
these paragraphs in the bill with this proviso,
attached not to the paragraphs, but to the amend-
ment of the Senate to strike out. The para-
graphs, as the Chair properly decided, are not
amendable. Nothing is amendable but the Sen-
ate's amendment, and there is no Senate amend-
ment but to strike out; and if the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio is agreed to, the ques-
tion will recur on agreeing to the Senate's amend-
ment to strike out with the following proviso.
From that decision of the Chair I take an appeal.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The Senate
have stricken out a part of the bill. The gentle-
man from Ohio proposes to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by striking out all but a
single word, and inserting something else. Is it
not competent for the House to perfect the amend-
ment before they are called on to vote on it?
The SPEAKER. It is not competent for the
House to amend its own amendment.
Mr. WASHRURN. The Senate have made
an amendment to strike out a portion of the lull.
The House proposes to concur in the amendment,
with an amendment to strike out a part of what
the Senate proposes to strike out, and to insert
something else in lieu of it.
The SPEAKER. The amendment cannot be
made in that form.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The House sent the bill
to the Senate as an entire measure. The House
has not yet amended the bill. The Army appro-
priation hill comes from the Senate with an
amendment; and the question is, lias the House
the power to amend the amendment of the Senate >;
I hold that we have the power to amend the j
amendment; and my proposition is, to amend !
that amendment by agreeing to strike out all :
after the word (< provided,and in lieu thereof j
to insert the words which have been sent to the j
Chair. j
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the j
question. The Army appropriation bill comes :
from the Senate with an amendment. The gen-!
tleman from Ohio moves to amend the amend-1
ment, and the Chair thinks the amendment is in !
order. J
Mr. HOUSTON. Here is the language of the :
Manual, which has been already read: I
" But the House cannot lecede lrom, or insist on its own
amendment with an amendment, for the same reason that
it cannot send to the other House an amendment to its own /
act alter it has passed the act."
Mr. CRAWFORD. While gentlemen on the i
other side of the House were discussing the point1
of order, I would not interfere, and I am sure the I
gentleman from Alabama will not take it unkindly 1
that i raise the question on him. Is this discus-1
fcion in order?
The SPEAKER. The question of order is not
debatable, the previous question having been or-
dered.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then I insist that the
rule shall be enforced.
Mr. CLINGMAN. In order to know whether
I can sustain the Chair or not, I wish to know
whether I understand what the Chair has decided.
If this motion prevails, is it the understanding of
the Chair that this proposition will be appended
to, and become a part of, the bill in lieu of the part
stricken out?
Mr. HOUSTON. If debate is out of order I
object to this discussion. The gentleman from
Georgia made the point upon me, and the Chair
sustained him.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I call both the gentlemen
to order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. GOODE. I wish to have read the clause
to which this amendment is proposed as an
amendment.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I call the gentleman from
Virginia to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia asks to have the amendment and the bill
read. They can be read only by general con-
sent.
Mr. GOODE. 1 wish to have them read to
enable me to determine how to vote.
The SPEAKER. They will be read before
the gentleman is called upon to vote.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would it be in
order to make an inquiry of the Chair, to enable
me to vote understandingly ?
The SPEAKER. That will depend very much
upon what the inquny is.
Mr. JONES. It is this: if this amendment is
adopted, and then the House agree to the Senate
amendment as amended by the "House, what will
be the eilect of it? Is not the Senate amendment
agreed to, and the bill passed? Can they dis-
agree to the Senate amendment with an amend-
ment ?
The SPEAKER. The bill comes from the
Senate with an amendment. It is the right of the
House to agree to that with an amendment. The
gentleman from Ohio, in pursuance of that right,
moves to amend the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. JONES. Can we disagree to it with an
amendment?
^The SPEAKER. That is not the proposition.
The House cannot disagree to it with an amend-
ment.
The question being upon the appeal,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to lay
the appeal upon the table.
Mr. ORR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for the
reading of the last paragraph of the l~>3d page of
the Manual.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
Objection was made from all parts of the Hall.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 81; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Ileniy
Bennett, Benson, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Bui-
fiuion, J.unes II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chatfee,
Bajjird Clarke, Clawson, Colfax, Coming Covode, Cragm,
Cumback. Damrell, Timothy Davis, Dean, lhck, Dickson,
Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Emrie, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings,
Giatmer, Grow, Harlan, Ilolloway, Thomas R. Horton,
"Valoutme B. Ilorton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, King,
Knapp, Knight, Know iton, Knox, Kunkel, Letter, Matte-
son, MeCaity, Meaeliam, Kilhan Millei, Miliward, Mor-
gan, Moirilj, Mott, Mm ray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew 1
Oliver, Parker. Pearce, Pelton, Pennington. Perry, Petut, ;
Pike,Priiigie, Pumanee, Ritchie, Bobbins, Roberts, Sabin, |
Sage, Sapp, Sheim.ni, Spmuei, Stanton, Stianahan, Tap- i
pau, Thoiuigton,Thuiston, Todd, Tiaf'ron, Wade, Wake- j
man, Walbndgc, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washbume. I
Ellilm B. Washhurne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, !
Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—97, j
NA\ S—Messis. Aiken, Barksdale, Bell, Ilendley S. j
Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Branch, Broom, Burnett, Cad- •
walader, John P. Campbell, C.irhle, Caruthei^, Chngman. !
Howell Cobb, Williamson 11. W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford' '
Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdeil, Elliott, English, J
Eustw, Evans, Florence, Foster, Greenwood, J. Moirison j
Harm, Harir^on, Haven, Herbert, Hickman, Houston, I
George W. Jones, Kell\, Letcher, Lmdlev, Lumpkin, 1
Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullm, McQueen, Smith
Miller, Million, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peck, Phelps, Pur- '
year, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Ru^t, San- j.
didge, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William 1;
Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stewart. Talbott, Taylor, I
Tnppe, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner, Wells-, i
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—81.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, stated, that had he
been within the bar when his name was called,
he would have voted in the negative.
_Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question being upon Mr. Campbell's
amendment, Mr. Orr demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I wish to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. If the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio should be adopted, what
will be the action of the House upon the Senate
amendment?
The SPEAKER. Upon concurring in the
Senate amendment as amended.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bishop, Bliss, Brad-
shaw, Brenton, Buffinton, James H. Campbell, Lewis D,
Campbell, Chaffee, Ezia Claik, dawson, Colfax, Coming,
Covode, Ciagm, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Dean,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edie, Edwards, Emrie,
Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Granger, Grow, Harlan, Hol-
loway, Valentino B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey,
King, Knapp, Knight, Knovvlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter,
Matteson, McCarty, Moacham, Killian Miller, Miliward,
Moore, Morgan, Momll, Mutt, Murray, Nichols, Noiton,
Andrew Oliver. Parker, Pearee. Pelton, Pennington, Perry,
Pettit, Pike, Pnngle, Purviance, Ritchie, llobbms, Roberts,
Salmi, Sage. Sapp, Sherman, Spinnei, Stanton, Stranahan,
Tappan, Thmuiuton, Thui^ton, Todd, Trafton, Wade,
Wakeinan, Walbridge, Waldron. Cadwalader C. Wash-
bume, Eliiliu P. Washhurne, Jm.u'I Wa&hbum, Watson,
Welch. Wood, Woodiulf, and Woodwoith—JOt.
NAYS—Messrs Aiken, Ratk^dalc, Bell, Tlendley S. Ben-
nett, Howie, Branch, Bioom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John
! P. Campbell, Carhle, Caiuthers, Ca^kie, Clmsrman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Hcniy
Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Elliott, Ethendge. Eustis,
Evan?, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Gteemvood, Haven, Herbert, Hickman, Houston, George
W. Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kulwell, Letcher, Luulley,
Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel £. Marshall,
Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson,
On, Peck, Phelps, Quitman, Ready, Pucaud, Richnrdson,
Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge. Savage, Sewaid, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Sneed, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Tnppe, Under-
wood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner, Well-, Wheelei,
Whitney, Williams, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wnght, John V.
Wright, and Zollicoffer—84.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. ORR stated that Mr. Keitt had paired off
for the balance of the session with Mr. Mace
upon the question of slavery, and all sectional
questions.
Mr. DICKSON stated that Mr. Simmoxs had
paired off with Mr. Stephens.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House had agreed to the
amendment to the amendment, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on concurring in the Sen-
ate amendment as amended by the House.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. If the House con-
cur in the Senate amendment, the bill will go back
to the Senate with the amendment to the amend-
ment attached?
The SPEAKER. If the House concur in the
Senate amendment as amended, it will stand as
follows 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask whether,
if the House agree to the Senate amendment, you
do not only strike out what they strike out, but
also strike out what you have just put in ?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
Senate amendment as it will stand if the House
concur in the amendment as amended.
The amendment was reported.
The question was taken; and the amendment
as amended was concurred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment as amended was
concurred in, and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL AGAIJV.
Mr. COMINS. I now renew my motion that
the rules be suspended, and that the House
