1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20S9
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, in order to take up the
light-house bill.
The motion, was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and
the House resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Orr
in the chair,) and the bill (H. R. No. 451) making
appropriations for light-houses, life-boats, buoys,
&e , and providing for the crcction and estab-
lishment of the same, and for other purposes,
was taken up for consideration.
On motion %f Mr. COMINS, the first reading
of the bill was dispensed with, and the Clerk
proceeded to read it by paragraphs for amend-
ment.
[A message in writing was here received from
the President of the United States, by Sidney
Webster, his Private Secretary, the committee
having informally risen for that purpose.]
Mr. COMINS. Under instructions of the
Committee on Commerce I offer the following
amendment:
After ]]lie one hundred and forty-si*, on paae 7, inseit:
Foi compensation ot two supeiintendent* lor the lite
stations on the coa^t< of Long island nod Now Jeisey,
$3,000.
Compensation of fifty-tour stations, at $200 each per
annum, ^10,800.
Tu complete the fitting of stations, old and new, on the
coast of New Jersey, A'11,500.
To complete the lilting oni of stations, old and new, on
the eous-t of New Votk, $8,000.
Contingencies,;$5,000.
This is in accordance with the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and should
have been inserted in the bill. I presume there
will be no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come m under the head of "Alabama:"
Fill lppanni!! (lie hglit-lmiise and keeper's dwelling, and
leaeni^ in tlie gtoumi1. attached to the same, at (Jiioctaw
point, near Atomic, Alabama, $2,000.
Tn the storm of 1853, this light-house was
ivu.Ji damaged: the keeper's dwelling was swept
• away.
Mr, COMINS. Appropriations for the light-
houses injured by ice and storms during the last
winter, are made in the annual appropriation
bills.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, m 1853, as
you well know, a storm prevailed along the
whole southern coast. There was at Mobile a
loss, I presume, of one million dollars. The
ligh'-house was much damaged. The light-house
dwelling was swept away, and the light-keeper,
his wife, and three children were drowned. Since
then the building has not been repaired. The
amount asked for is small, and I hope the amend-
ment will be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COMINS. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in under the head of " Louisiana:'
For a lia;lit-hou e at, or near, the mouth of Amite river,
on Lake Maurepas, Louisiana, ,$6,000.
The Legislature of Louisiana has petitioned for
a light-house at, or near, the mouth of the Amite
river, 011 Lake Mnurepas, Louisiana. The C0111-
mittee on Commerce has not been furnished with
a very satisfactory survey or chart of Lake Mau-
repas. By the fifth section of tins bill the Secre-
tary of the Treasury will order a preliminary sur-
vey. If the facts are in accordance with the state-
ments of the petitioners, the light will be erected,
if an adverse report is made, the appropriation
will fall into the surplus fund.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move the following amend-
ment, to come 111 under the head of " Ohio:"
For rebuildina the pier connecting the beacon light at
Huron with the Miore, $10,000.
Mr. COMINS. I raise the point, that the
amendment is not in order, because it is not ger-
mane to the bill. It properly relates to river and
harbor improvements.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has it been
recommended by the Light-House Board?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is recommended as ne-
cessary by the Secretary of War. Access can-
not be had to the beacon light unless this pier is
rebuilt. ,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the Amendment is not germane to the bill, and
that it is therefore out of order.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
i Mr. SHERMAN. I move, in the following
1 paragraph, to increase the appropriation $10,000:
I For rebuilding the beacon light at Huron, $4,580.
| Mr. COMINS. I object to those amendments
! as not in order. Wc have passed that part of the
i bill.
: The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
i order, as the committee have passed from that
i clause of the bill.
| Mr. HOWARD. I offer the following amend-
f mcnt, to come in after line two hundred and
1 ninety-six:
! Fot a light-house at Poit Au*>tnj. o;i Sa^m'uv bay, 3"',000.
| This has failed to recene the action of the
! Light-House Board, by reason ofmy long absence.
' The papers were sent to mo, and on account of
j that absence upon the business of the House, F
i was not able to present them to the Committee
I on Commerce, it is well known, that the most
l dangerous place for navigation on that lake is at
| the entrance of Saginaw bay. This point is the
| only place of refuge for boats in case of a storm.
About twelve miles up the lake there is a light-
1 house upon an extreme point, but there i^> no
j place then, where boats can get in. There is a
good harbor at the point f indicate, and it is only
necessary that there should be a light-house then1
to enable boats to enter m the night time, to make
it a good and available harbor ui ease of a storm.
Mr. COMINS The Committee oti Commerce
have been liberal in then appropriations for Lake
Erie, Lake Huron, Lake Superior, and vicinity,
and they are unwilling to have this amendment
inserted.
Mr. PECK. I move to amend the amendment
by increasing the sum $1,000. I have to say
that I fully concur in most that has fallen from
my colleague [Mr. Howard] upon this subject,
and I fully indorse what lie has said m reference
1 to the necessity of this hiiht-house. I will state
: that this point is m my district, but tho papers
were stint to rav colleague, and m consequence
of his absence* they were not laid befoie the
' Committee on Commerce or referred to the Light-
i House Board. 1 can assure the committee that
i tins light-house is necessary, from my own
: knowledge of the locality. The committee will
j see that there is no danger in adopting this
1 amendment, because, by the last section of this
1 lull, it is h-ti discretionary with the Secretary of
■ the Tieasury to cause examinations and pre-
1 liminary surveys to be made, to ascertain the
i necessity of these light-liouses; and where, in his
i opinion, tins or any olhei light-house contained
: in this bill is not necessary, no action can be
' taken under this appropriation, and lie is required
to report to the next sos 'on of Congress the rea-
son why he declines to act under it.
Mr. COMINS. I remet that the papers were
not submitted to the committee, but we are un-
willing to admit the amendment now.
Mr! PECK, by unanimous consent, withdicw
his amendment.
Mi. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the amutidment by decreasing the amount
$1,000. I am opposed to this amendment. We
have a Light-House Hoard having lull jurisdiction
over nil these matters. Ail the applications and
papers upon these subjects, lefcrred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, are by the committee sent
to that board for their consideration. Where
they report favorably, the Committee on Com-
merce usually adopt their recommendation. In
this case there has been no reference to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and no consideration by the
Light-House Board; and therefore I am opposed
to any appropriation for this purpose going into
this bill.
If the facts stated by the gentleman from Mich-
igan are true, the petitions can be presented at
the next session of Congress, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and examined by the Light-
House Board; and then, I presume, there will be
no objection to tin appropriation for that purpose.
I withdraw my amendment if there be no objec-
tion. . i,. TT ,
The question was taken on the Mr. Howard s
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now offer the following
amendment, to come in after line twohundred an^
ninety-six:
Foi repairing light-house, banking in, and protecting J e
site of the light-house at Iluion, Ohio, $10,001).
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise a
question of order on that amendment. It is not
in order at this point of tlie bill. The clause of
the bill under consideration makes appropriations,
for the State of Michigan, and this amendment
is for the State of Ohio.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am opposed to the
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order that the House
may see that I do not ask for anything not rec-
ommended by the Secretary, I ask to have read
a section from his report. 1 was absent and could
not bring; this to the attention of the committee.
The clause 111 question was read.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I raise the point of order,
that we have passed that portion of the bill refer-
ring; to Ohio.
The CHAIRMAN. That particular point was
raised, and overruled by the Chair, understand-
ing that it had reference to a light-house on Lake
Huron, and the committee being still engaged in
the consideration of light-houses on that lake.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then I make the point
that the amendment is not germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BILLTNGHURST moved to amend the
clause referring to portage, by inserting, before
that word, the word " the," so as to make it read
" the portage."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce by what
authority it is that these light-houses on Lake Erie
are to be discontinued? I move to amend by
striking out the following paragraph of the bill:
Sf.c. I). Jlnd he it further enacted, That tho following
namul lights be di: continued, viz • At Silver Creek, on the
southeast phore of Lake ttne. New Yoik; at Barcelona,
(or Portland,) on the southeast shore ot Lake Euc, New
York.
There certainly is no reason, in fact, why they
should be discontinued. These lights are neces-
' sary.as they are at ports of refuge on these
! points, and they are required for the purpose of
givin0" security to craft that navigate that lake;
for it°is well known that there are, many days of
the season, fogs so dense that, without the aid
of beacon-lights at these points, navigation would
be very dangerous. I do not understand why the
light-houses at these points should be discon-
tinued.
Mr. COMINS. As several questions will arise
about the discontinuance of several lights, I will
answer them all at once. The Secretary of the
Treasury, 111 his report of 1854, recommends that
certain lights lie discontinued. He gives his rea-
sons, and he is supported tn those reasons by the
report of the light-house inspectors, which is con-
, curred in by the Light-House Board. There is
] 110 harbor at Silver Creek or Barcelona. No ves-
| wis go there, and lights are not required at those
points.
I The lights at North Carolina, which it is also
! proposed to discontinue, were originally designed
! as a range to enable vessels to cross the bar at
; night. But the channel has changed there, and
: th'c lights are found to be not only useless, but
: absolutely dangerous, as they serve to distract
the mariner, instead of guiding him in his course.
I The light at Cleveland, Ohio, on the hill, has
been rendered useless by the increase of the
power and range of the light on the pier, making
that light both a coast and harbor light. Many
other lights have been furnished with a new ap-
paratus, of an order which gives a sufficient range
of light, in many cases, to supersede the neces-
sity of continuing the smaller lights in their vi-
cinity. No light is directed to be discontinued by
this 'bill, without a good and sufficient reason
°Mr. EDWARDS. I desire to state that both
these points are harbors on Lake Lrie, and are
necessary as harbors of refuge. It is necessary
i that both of these lights should be continued, it
j is within the collection district of Chatau^ue
| county, the custom-house of which is at Dunkirk.
