1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. PHELPS obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, I hope the gentle-
man from Missouri will yield to me.
Mr. PHELPS. I "will yield to the gentleman,
as I understand he desires to make an explanation.
Mr. CAMPBELL then addressed the House
for half an hour in explanation of his course as
chairman of the Committee of "Ways and Means,
and in reply to his colleague, [Mr. Giddings.]
He 1ms withheld his remarks for revision; they
will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. PHELPS. When I yielded the floor to
my colleague on the Committee of Ways and
Means, I did not suppose that he would occupy
as much time as ho has occupied. I hope, how-
ever, that, by unanimous consent, the time he has
taken up will not be charged to me and deducted
from my hour. [Cries of "Agreed!" 1 'Agreed!'']
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the gentleman from Missouri will be
entitled to an hour in which to make his remarks.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the gentleman from
Missouri will yield to me, I will move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. PHELPS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HALL, of Iowa. I hope the gentleman
will withhold his motion for a moment. Iam
about to leave the city, and before doing so wish
to introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. STEPHENS. I withhold my motion at
the gentleman's request.
LANDS TO IOWA AND MINNESOTA.
Mr. HALL, by unanimous consent, in pursu-
ance of previous notice, introduced a bill grant-
ing land to the State of Iowa and the Territory
of Minnesota, m alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of railroads therein named; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act for the re-
lief of Christian Hax, of the State of Maryland;
when the Speaker signed the same.
DUTIES ON TOBACCO ABROAD,
Mr. BOWIE, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, if not incompatible
with the public interest, whether any infoimatjon lias been
received by him, or any department of the Government,
officially or otherwise, of a contemplated imposition of ad-
ditional duties on American leaf tobacco, hy the Zoll-Verom,
or commercial union of the German States; and if so,
that he communicate such information to this House.
Mr. SNEED. I ask leave to withdraw from
the files of the House, the papers in the case of
Whitemarsh B. Seabrook, Joseph Whaley, and
others. They are the papers that were on yes-
terday withdrawn from the Court of Claims.
Mr. LETCHER. What does the gentleman
want to do with them ?
Mr. SNEED. I wish to withdraw them alto-
gether.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I object.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BLISS, by unanimous consent, in pursu-
ance of previous notice, introduced a bill to re-
build the light-house at the mouth of Black river,
on Lake Erie; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. GREENWOOD, by unanimous consent,
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced bills
which were read a first and second time by their
titles, as follows; and referred as indicated below:
A bill to amend an act amendatory of the exist-
ing law relative to the half dollar, quarter dollar,
dime, and half dime, approved February 21,
1856. Referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Ninian Ed-
wards, deceased. Referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I will state that the bills
just referred wore introduced by me at the re-
quest of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Har-
ris,] who is absent from the city.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. ALLEN. I have been requested by an
absent colleague [Mr. Harris] to ask for the
withdrawal from the Court of Claims of the
papers in the case of the Tampico volunteers, in
order that they may be referred to the Senate. I
hope there will be no objection.
Leave was granted.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill extending the bene-
fits of the acts approved September 28,1850, and
March 22, 1852, granting bounty land to such
persons as were called into the service of the
United States.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, I object.
RIFLE-CANNON.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion, on behalf of the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making some
provision for conducting a rifle-cannon on the plan in-
vented by Mr. Barlow, of Kentucky.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I insist that the
question be put on the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; and thereupon the House (at a quarter
to four o'clock, p. m.)adjourned until to-morrow
at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 9, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daxiel Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LIEUTENANT THOREURN.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to allow me to read, as connected
with the specch which I made the other day, a
letter that I have received from Lieutenant Thor-
burn. I will not make a single comment, but
simply read the letter, which I received yesterday
afternoon, in relation to matters contained in my
speech:
Fredericksburo, Virginia, May G, 1856.
Sir: The unfortunate situation in which T have been
plaecd, in consequcnce of the use to which the extractfiom
Captain Du Pout's letter has been applied, winch has called
forth your severe remarks with regaid to myself, induces
me to address you, in ordei to be treed fiomtlie cen ure of
improperly exposing i'nendly correspondence.
Immediately on learning the animadvei-sion to which
Genctal Houston's speech had subjected me, I wrote him
on the subject, and requested to be placed light; which
object, I s-tated, could be effected by making known to you
the contents of my letter in which the extract was inclosed.
It must have escapcd his notice that I mentioned prefening,
under the circumstances m which the letters were written,
to keep them back until some imperious necessity lequired
their publicity.
I was induced to believe that I would have been fully
vindicated ; but must express my legret, after the perusal of
the General's last speech, to find myself still left liable to
harsh imputations.
Having been informed by a friend that you would be
pleased to receive an explanation, I have availed myself
of the oppoitumtv, and trust that I have said sufficient to
he excused fiom dishonorable intentions.
The only idea winch operated with me in exhibiting these
letters, was to show that several officers of the board, Cap-
tain Du Pont among the number, had spoken of me as an
efficient offieei.
Verv respectfully, your ohpdient servant,
ROBERT D. THORBURN.
Hon. James A. Bayard.
I will only add, that the Senator from Texas
never communicated to me the letter which the
party states that he requested him to communi-
cate. I have no remarks to make on the subject,
but leave it to the judgment of the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. STUART presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Michigan, praying for the adoption of
measures for the construction of a railroad to the
Pacific ocean; which, as the subject has been
reported upon, was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WELLER. I present a memorial of citi-
zens of Mariposa county, California,praying for
the adoption of measures for the construction of
a railroad to the Pacific ocean. As a bill has al-
readybeen reported to effect this object, on which
I desire to have early action, I move that the
memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of citizens
of Michigan, praying for the adoption of meas-
ures for the construction of a railroad to the
Pacific ocean; which was ordered to lie pn the
table.
Mr. "WILSON presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Massachusetts for the adoption of meas-
ures for the construction of a railroad to the
Pacific ocean; which was ordered to lie on the
table,
Mr. SEWARD presented three memorials of
citizens of Onondaga and Montgomery counties,
New York, praying for the adoption of measures
for the construction of a railroad to the Pacific
ocean; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania and New Jersey, praying
that the provisions of the act of 1852, for the bet-
ter protection of the lives of passengers on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by ateam,
may be extended to ferry-boats; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the heirs of Daniel True-
heart, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the heirs of Silas Stoclc-
well be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom were referred two petitions of
citizens of New York, praying that all sales of
the public lands may be suspended, and that they
may bo laid out in farms and lots for actual set-
tlers, reported that the prayer of the petitioners
ought not to be granted.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred two petitions of the Trustees of the
State University of Iowa, praying for an addi-
tional grant of land for that institution, reported
adversely, on the ground that Iowa has received
an amount equal to the other land States for sim-
ilar purposes.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 219) to continue the
land office for the Dubuque land district in the
State of Iowa, reported adversely, as the object
was accomplished by an amendment to another
bill, which nas already passed the Senate. On his
motion, the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the House bill
(H. R. No. 290) for the relief of Emma Bidamon,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
204) to fix the graduation periods for lands in the
Greensburg district in the State of Louisiana,
reported it without amendment, and submitted a
report on the subject; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
Mrs. A. P. Derrick, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S.No. 294) for the relief of Mrs.
Ann P. Derrick, widow of W. S. Derrick, de-
ceased. The bill was read the first time, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JAMES, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom the subject was
referred, reported a bill (S. No. 295) to amend the
several acts now in force relating to the Patent
Ofiice; which was read the first time, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Sally T.
Mathews, reported a bill (S. No. 296) for her
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James T. V. Thomp-
son, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill,
(S. No. 297) for his relief; which was read the
first time, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom were referred a report of
the Secretary of "War, and a resolution of the
Legislature of Florida, respecting the sale of
