1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
420
34th CoN0....lst Sess.
Powers of Congress over the Territories—Mr. Ritchie.
Ho. of Reps.
II
did not know but circumstances might arise which
would render it inconvenient to admit new States
on terms of equality.
Mr. Williamson was for leaving the Legisla-
ture free. The existing small States enjoy an
now, and for that reason are admitted to
Senate. This reason is not applicable to
new western States.
On Mr. Morris's motion to strike out (5 Elliot,
493,) the ayes were New Hampshire, Massachu-
setts, Connecticut, New Jersey, Pennsylvania,
Delaware, North Carolina, South Carolina, and
Georgia—9. Noes, Maryland and Virginia—2.
Mr. Morris moved the proposition as a substitute,
that " new States may be admitted by the Legis-
lature intotheUnion, &c. The part to "Union"
inclusive was agreed to net*, con.
On the 30th August, 1787, on motion of Mr.
Morris, and after rejecting various other propo-
sitions, the following was agreed to, Maryland
to which we may legislate, or as to the character
of the legislation- We may make such rules and
regulations respect! ng the "territory of the United
States as in our judgment are needful. The words,
'• lo make rules and regulations," are the most
appropriate that could oe used to confer the sov-^fetauality
rrvirntv oTer the territory. P"1". «s defined by^Tt in the
Webster, is, in its first sense, "government—
supreme command or authority;" m its second,
" that by which anything is to be adjusted or
regulated, or to which it is to be conformed.
Thus, a statute or law is a rule of civil conduct."
A regulation is defined by the same authority as
" a rule or order prescribed by a superior for the
management of some business, or for the govern-
ment of a company or society." And the same
authority says, that " to is " to subject
to rules or restrictions—as to regulate trade, to
regulate diet." These words,then,in tlieireus-
toraary and plain import, confer upon Congress
the power to legislate for the territory; and they ! alone dissenting, (5 felliot, 497:)
do not except slavery or any other subject of
legislation from the operation of such rules and
regulations as Congress may think needful. If
there is nothin? in the words of the Constitution
themselves, wlien understood in their usual
sense, to restrain Congress from legislating on
the subject of slavery in the Territories, such re-
straint. if any there be, must be found, either—
First. In the words themselves, as demon-
strably used by the framers of the Constitution
in a sense different from, and more narrow than,
that in which they have tdways been used by
oilier people; or,
Second. By limitations imposed, in the grants
of the Territories, by the parties who ceded them
to the United States; or,
Third. By the uniform practice and decisions
of the various departments of the Government
for such a length of time as to entitle them to the
respect of provisions originally inserted in the
Constitution itself.
I propose to examine the three points in the
order in which they have been stated. The first
inquiry is as to the sense in whieh the words, "to
dispose of, and make all needful rules and regula-
tions respecting the territory or other property"
of the United States, were understood and used
by the framers of the Constitution.
On the 6th day of August, 1787, the Commit- 1
tee of Detail made a report to the convention
which formed the Constitution, the seventeenth
article of which is as follows:
" Jfew States, lawfully constituted or evtaUisbed,within
the limits of the United States, may be admitted by the
Legislature into this Government: but to such admission
the consent of two thuds of tbe members present in each
Hone (ball be necessary. If a new State shall arise
The Legislature shall haye power to dispose of, and
make all needful rules and regulations respecting the ter-
ritory or other property belonging to the United States ; and
nothing in this Constitution contained shall be so construed
i as to prejudice any claims, either of the United States, or of
| any particular State."
! This is the paragraph, as it now stands in the
Constitution, except that the word " Congress"
is in the Constitution instead of Legislature, and
excepting also a few verbal amendments of the
style, which do not affect the sense.
On the 13th of September, 1787, the clause in
the Constitution relating to the admission of new
States was agreed to as it now stands, (5 Elliot,
550.) It is perfectly clear, from these extracts
from its journal, that the convention intended to
give power to Congress, not only to establish
governments for the Territories, but to dictate the
terms on which it would admit new States into
the Union, and to refuse, if it should think proper
to do so, to admit them on an equality with the old
States. They used such terms as, in their opin-
ion, conferred these powers; and, if Congress has
not the powers, it is because the members of the
convention were too ignorant of the meaning of
words to know how to confer them. It is wor-
thy of observation, too, that the provisions with
regard to the admission of new States and to the
government of the Territories, were the product
of one mind, and, therefore, parts of our system.
But some further light upon the sense in which
the convention used the words, "rules and regu-
lations respecting the territory" may be ob-
tained from other parts of the Constitution itself.
Article one, section four, with reference to the
election of Senators and Representatives, says,
" but the Congress may at any time, by law,
wi:hin th« bimtsof any of thepresent State?, the consmt make, or alter such regulmtiom, except as to the
of tbe Legislatures of mch States shall be also necessary i: „i„„ ' „r _i ; o_?_. >  t  • u.
to iu admission. If tbe admMton be consented to. the i I choosin Senators. In section eight
new States shall be admitted on the same terms with the the Congress shall have power " to regulate com-
merce with foreign nations, and among the sev-
eral States and with the Indian tribes." This
clause was admitted to give power to prohibit
the introduction of negro slaves from foreign
countries, and hence the necessity of the express
prohibition of the exercise of the power thus con-
ferred by the word regulate, prior to the year
1808, contained in the ninth section of the same
article:
original Stales. But the Legislature may make conditions
wi'ii the n<*w ftates concerning the public debt which shall
be then subsisting."—o Elliot, 3S1.
On the 29th day of August, 1787, this article
seventeenth was taken up in convention, and
Gouverneur Morris moved to strike out the last
two sentences, viz:
" If the admuaion be consented to, the new States shall
be admitted on the same terms with the original States.
But the Legislature may make conditions with tbe new
States concerning the public debt which (hall be then sub-
siting."
" He did not wish to bind down the Legislature
to admit western States on the terms here stated."
Mr. Madison opposgd the motion, insisting that
the western States neither would, nor ought to,
submit to a union which degraded them from an
equal rank with the other States.
Colonel Mason said, " If it were possible by :
just m«ans to prevent emigration to the western
country it might be gooa policy ; but go the
people will, as they find it for their interest; and
the best policy is to treat them with that equality
which will make them friends, not enemies."
iiivii *iu inanu liiciii iiiciiUS) lifjv ciicillice* < i * if*e
Mr. Gouverneur Morris "did not mean to dis- ' P®^e "5,says:
courage the growth of the western country. He
knew that to be impossible. He did not wish,
however, to throw the power into their hands."
Mr. Sherman was against the motion, and for
fixing an equality of privileges by the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. Langdoa wu in favor of the motion. He
" To establish a uniform rule of naturalization;
" To coin money and regulate the value thereof, and of
foreign coin;
" To declare war, grant letters of marque and reprisal,
and make rule* concerning captures on land and water;
" To make rules for the government and regulation of
the land and naval forces."
By the last paragraph of this section eight, it is
declared that Congress shall have power'' to make
all lawt which shall be necessary and proper for
carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and
all other powers vested by this Constitution in
the Government of the United States, or any de- !
partment or offieer thereof." Speaking of this
paragraph, Mr. Madison, in the Federalist, No. j
" Had the Constitution been silent on this head there
can be no doubt that all the particular powers requisite as
means of executing the general powers would have re-
sulted to the Government by unavoidable implication. No
axiom is more clearly established in law, or in reason, than
that wherever the end is required the means are author-
ized; wherever a general power to do a thing is given every
particular power necessary for doing it is included. Had this
last method, therefore, been pursued by tbe convention,
every objection now urged against their plan would re-
main in all its plausibility; and the real inconveuiency
would be incurred of not removing a pretext win ch may be
seized, on critical occasions, for drawing into question the
essential powers of the Union."
This doctrine is affirmed in Prigg w. Pennsyl-
vania, 16 Peters, 618:
" Wherever Congress has rights or duties it has necessa-
rily tbe right to pass laws to give effect to them, whether
the power to make laws has been given expressly or not."
I have thus shown, from the words of the Con-
stitution, in their customary acceptation, from
the express declarations of the members of the
convention, and from the admitted sense in which
words similar to those in the section under con-
sideration are used in other parts of the Constitu-
tion, that the convention intended to, and did,
confer upon Congress,by the Constitution, power
of legislating for the Territories without restric-
tion, so far as the subject of slavery is concerned;
and absolute power to reject or admit new States
on such terms, and for such reasons, as may to
Congress seem proper. I propose now to examine
what limitations of the power of Congress were
imposed in the grants of the Territories by the
parties who ceded them to the United States.
The deed of cession from the State of New
York is dated the 1st day of March, 1781, (1 Laws
U. S., 467.) By this deed New York limits
and restricts " the boundaries of the said State
in the western parts thereof, with respect to the
jurisdiction, as well as the right or preemption of
soil," to certain lines in the deed recited; and
" cedes, transfers, and forever relinquishes to
and for the only use and Benefit of such of the
States as are, or shall become, parties to the
articles of confederation, all therignt, title, inter-
est, jurisdiction, and claim of the said State of
New York to all lands and territories to the north-
ward and westward of the boundaries to which
the said State is in manner aforesaid limited and
restricted; and to be granted, disposed of, and
appropriated in such manner only as the Con-
gress of the said United or Confederated States
shall order and direct."
On the 1st day of March, 1784, Thomas Jef-
ferson, Samuel Hardy, Arthur Lee, and James
Munroe, in pursuance of authority given to them
by Virginia, executed a deed by which they con-
veyed to the " United States in Congress assem-
bled, for the benefit of the said States, Virginia
inclusive, all right, title, and claim, as well of soil
as of jurisdiction, which the said commonwealth
hath to the territory or tract of country within
the limits of the Virginia charter, situate, lying,
and beine to the northwest of the river Ohio, to
and for the uses and purposes and on the condi-
tions of the said recited act." Besides conditions
of minor importance relating to the expenses Vir-
ginia had been at in defending the ceded terri-
tory, &c., it was provided, in the act of cession,
that the ceded territory should be laid out and
formed into States containing a euitable extent
of territory, not less than one hundred, nor more
than one hundred and fifty miles square, or as
near thereto as circumstances would admit; and
that the States so formed should be republican
States, and admitted members of the Federal
Union, having the same rights of sovereignty,
freedom and independence as the other States.
(1 Laws U. S., 473,474.) Congress, by resolu-
tion dated 7th July, 1786, recommended to the
Legislature of Virginia to revise their act of ces-
sion, so far as to empower the United States, in
Congress assembled, to make such division of the
territory lying northerly and westerly of the river
Ohio into distinct republican States, not more
than five nor less than three, as the situation of
that country and future circumstances might re-
quire; whicn States should become members of
the Federal Union, and have the same rights of
sovereignty, freedom, and independence as the
original States. (1 Laws U. S., 475.)
On the 13th day of July, 1787-j the celebrated
ordinance for the government of the territory of
the United States northwest of the river Ohio
was passed by Congress, the sixth article of
which prohibited slavery in the said Territory.
The fifth article of this ordinance, with relation
to the boundaries of proposed States, required .
the consent of Virginia and an alteration in her
act of cession. On th« 30th day of December,
