1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
certain military reservations, reported a bill (S.
No. 298) to provide for the sale of military res-
ervations; which was read the first time, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of J-ohn M.
Mcintosh, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 299) for his relief; which was read
the first time, and passed to a second reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WELLER asked, and by unanimous con-
gent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
293) for the construction of a road from Fort
Ridgeley, in the Territory of Minnesota, to the
South Pass of the Rocky Mountains, in the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska; which was read the firstand
second times, by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. PUGH, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill (S.
No. 300) granting a pension to Mary A. M.
Jones; which was read the firstand second times
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker bad signed the foi-
lowingenrolled bills and resolution; which there-
upon received the signature of the President pro
tempore:
An act for the relief of Christian Hax, of the
State of Maryland;
An act to amend the "Act in addition to certain
nets granting bounty land to certain officers and
soldiers who have been engaged in the military
H'M'viee of the United States,'' approved March
8, 1855;and a
Resolution for the statistics of the coastwise
commerce, to be included hereafter in the annual
report of the Secretary of the Tieasury on com-
merce and navigation.
NORWOOD M'CLELLANO.
The bill (S. No. 27fi) for the relief of Norwood
McClelland, master of fhe.stcanibo.it NewWorid,
was, on motion of Air. W.\ni:, n-ail a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Its object is to direct the Secretary of "War to
cause to be settled and adjusted the claims for
losses and expenses occasioned by the detention
of the steamboat. New World in the Arkansas
river, while engaged in transporting military
stores belonging to the United States from New
Orleana to Fort Smith m 1855; allowing the
actual expenses of the boat, her officers and
crew, from the time she li ft the port of New Or-
leans until she was finally discharged of her cargo
at Little Rock, (deducting the amount heietoforo
paid for her services by tho quartermaster's
department,) to Captain Norwood McClelland,
not exceeding §iy,8b9 KG.
In January, 1855, Colonel Tompkins, deputy
quartermaster general at New Orleans, shipped
on board the steamer New World, of which the
petitioner was commander, a large quantity of
subsistence and quartermaster's stores, to be de-
livered at Fort Smith, at a freight of one dollar
per hundred pounds, all the panics supposing
that the state of the water would permit the boat
to run directly through, and the freight to be paid
being based upon that supposition. The steamer
reached the mouth of the Arkansas in five days.
The wolers of that river being unexpectedly found
too low for navigation, the steamer was laid up
there until the end of April, when, upon a rise of
water, she entered the Arkansas, and gradually
made her way up, as fast as the state of the water
would permit, until she reached LelamFs planti-
tion, where she lay until the latter end of May,
when she got up as far as Richland, in the hope
and expectation that tne «lune rise would enable
her to complete the trip, Captain McClelland re-
tained his crew and officers; but that rise failing,
he proceeded, by himself, to Fort Smith, to con-
fer with Captain French. As the result of this
consultation, Captain McClelland proceeded to
Pittsbuig. and purchased for the Government two
keel-boars suitable for the navigation of the Ark-
ansas river during low water; took the keel-boats
to Rich land, where Ins steamer lay, and with them
transported the steamer 's freight to Fort Smith.
All this was done at the cost of the Government.
During the whole time that the steamer lay in the
Arkansas river and endeavoring to make her way
up, stores were sent from her to Fort Smith, in
such quantities as their necessities demanded,
either by small keel-boats or by wagons.
The one dollar per hundred pounds, stipulated
as the price of the freight, was paid by the quar-
termaster's department, and also the cost of trans-
portation from the steamer to Fort Smith. Be-
yond this the department had no power to go,
although they admit the equitable claim to further
relief. The actual expenses of the trip, as appears
from the items of account stated and sworn to by
the officers of the boat, amounted to ^20,209 36;
and the amountreeeived for freight was $6,319 51,
leaving an actual loss of $13,889 86, besides the
use of the boat for an entire season, and the dam-
ages it suffered by lying so long in the river, to
repair which it would require, according to the
sworn estimate of the carpenter, $7,000.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the bill by
striking out all after the enacting clause, and in-
serting the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, ami be is hereby,
directed to pay to Captain Not wood McClelland, master of
the steamer New Wot Id. out of any money m the Treas-
ury not otherwise appiopnated, the sum ot-$n,889 88, being
m full payment lor losses and expenses occasioned by the
detention of the steamboat NcwWoiidin the Arkansas
river while engaged in transporting militaiy stores belonging
to the United fcjtaic-i, from New Orleans to Foit Smith,
during the year jy5o.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was
reported to the Senate ay amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed fora third reading; was read a third
time, and passed.
JOHN HASTINGS.
Mr. RIGLER. I ask the Senate to take up for
consideration the bill for the relief of John Hast-
ings, collector of the port of Pittsburg', which has
been reported from the Committee on Claims by
my colleague.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to know why we are
to take up this bill out of its order. I object to
that course, unless some reason be assigned for
giving it priority.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will suggest to my col-
league that perhaps we had better go on with the
Private Calendar regularly. If we do so, this bill
will be rraehed m the course of half an hour.
Mr. BIGrLER. My only reason for asking for
action on the bill now, is that I am anxious to
leave the Chamber as soon as possible for private
considerations; and I am desirous to have this bill
j passed to-day, if the Senate will agree to it.
j Mr. JONES, of Iowa, There is a bill on the
i table, which has been received from the House
! of Representatives, that I desire to have taken
| UITho PRESIDENT. The Chair will present
I that bill as soon as the pending question shall
! have been disposed of.
! Mr. JONES. Very well.
Mr. BltODHEAD. As my colleague has been
unwell, and desires to leave the Chanibei, 1 think
that constitutes a good reason for taking up this
bill out of its order.
Mr. TOOMBS. I withdraw my objection. I
only made it originally because I desired to hear
some reason for jumping; the Calendar.
Mr. WILSON. I know nothing about this
bill; bull have had some papers placed in my
hands, stating that it is not light. I trust that it
will not be passed without proper examination.
I prefer that it should lie over. I have been asked
by memberr. of the House of Representatives from
the State of Pennsylvania to oiler a resolution
calling oa the President of the United States for
some information in his possession in reference to
the case. ] trust that it will not now be taken up.
Mr. PIGLER. This bill has been reported by
the Committee un Claims at the present session,
after a very thuiough examination. The subject
was introduced at the last session, and the testi-
mony was then presented. If the Senator from
Massachusetts will read the report of the com-
mittee, I think he will see that it has been care-
fully examined. I have some personal knowledge
of the facts, and cannot behove that the case is of
so complicated a character as to require delay. I
must insist ou my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
the second time, and considered as m Committee
of the Whole. It is proposed by-this bill to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury, in adjust-
ing the accounts of John Hastings, as collector
of the customs at the port of Pittsburg, to give
him credit for the sum of §9,956 62, the amount
of the public money of which he was robbed on
the 10th of March, 1854, while acting in that
capacity.
Mr. WEELER. I desire to hear the report in
this case.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Read the extracts from
the report of the special agent.
The Secretary read as follows:
Extract from, report of W. M. Gouge, spccial agent for
examining Treasury depositories.
" In each depository I found the amount of money which
the books and returns caiied lor, except at Pitching, hi
that there was a deficiency of $9,953 (52, caused by a rob-
bery committed some time previous.
" The money there was kept in an unfinished building
m such a way as to invite aggression. The architect had
placed a vault in the room, but n was intended only fbr ihc
safe-keeping of books. It was constructed of thin wails
of brick, unlined with iron. It had two iron doors, but
only the outer one had any fastening, and that was of the
most common consti action.
"Mr. Hastings, the collector of customs and depositary
at rnt.sburg,* as he was on ins way after night fall to his
home in Alleghany city, was attacked by tootpads and
nearly murdered. They took fiom him his watch, some
liundied doilais in money, (his private funds,) and the key
of the vault. On the same night the public money was ab-
stracted ; but as the lobbeis shut the door of the vault and
locked it after they had attained their object, it was not
known until next moinmg that a robbery had been com-
mitted.
Having been informed of the inadequacy of the defense
in the custom-house at Pittsburg, the Treasury Department,
bad authorised the collector to employ two watchmen,
though the sum then m thedepositoiy was not huge. Two
watchmen were accoidingly employed; but they proved
unlaithful to their trust. One of them was drunk and
asleep—pet hap1-* had been drugged—the other is stiongly
suspected of having aided in the robbery.
'• Thoie will be no lo^s to Government, as the bonds givn
by the depoMtaiy will cover the amount abstracted; but the
los« will Jail heavy on a woithy man.
Rome useiul lessons may be derived from this mishap.
If the double-lock-and-key system, which is in use in the
large depositories, and sonic of the smaller ones, had been
in use m Pittsburg, the footpads would have had te. a«.sail
two men, instead of one, in order to get possession of both
keys; and there is little probability that both of the holders
of the key<? would have boon at one tunc m such a place or
place? a<. to invite an attack. ^
"Amin: public depositories should be so constructed
that the money in thein will be secure, even if the watch-
men employed prove unfaithful to their trust. They should
be t>o stioiiff, and consti uctcd in such a way. as to bid defi-
ance to any attack which may be made upon them by any
combination ot lumrlai?. in tbe'lcpgrh of time bmdais would
: have to operate. The dopositoiy at Boston is the only one
I that at piesent fully answers tliii description."
Mr. MASON. The hour has arrived for the
consideration of the special order, but I shall not
object to the consideration of this bill, if gentle-
men will allow the vote to be taken upon it at
once.
Mr. HALE. I hope that it will lie over. I
have not had time to examine it, and the reading
of the report has utterly failed to produce on my
mind any conviction of a robbery.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 do not know what my
friend from Virginia alludes to, as the special
l order. This day has been specially set apart for
| the consideration of private bills,
j Mr. MASON. The Senator probably was not
present at the time of the adjournment yesterday.
The PRESIDENT. There was a special order
fixed for half past twelve o'clock to-day.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I was not aware of it.
The PRESIDENT. The spccial order post-
pones this subject as a matter of course. *Tha
Chair, before announcing that order, will take up
a bill from the House of Representatives, now on
the table, for the purpose of reference.
LANDS FOR RAILROADS IN IOWA.
The bill (H. R. No. 56) making a grant of
land to the State of Iowa in alternate sections to
aid in the construction of certain railroads in said
State, was read the first and second times.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I appeal to the Senate
to allow this bill to be considered at this time. It
is precisely the same in character with four or
five bills which at different sessions of Congress
have passed this body, making grants of land to
the State of Iowa to aid that State in the construc-
*" The writer of this report was men or as to on^ circum-
stance. The attack was made on Mr. Hasting not as he
\va< on his> way to his home fiom the cu-stom-house, but
after he had reached, his home, and had eaten his supper,
and when ha was on his way to visit a mend.
