2040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
These beacon lights have been there for thirty or
forty years, and are considered as useful by navi-
gators on these lakes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
that I find that the clauses of the* bill .which it is
now proposed to be stricken out are in accordance
with the recommendation of the Light-House
Board and inspectors. By reference to the report
on finance, of 1854-55, 1 find the following:
" Itis recommended that the lights at the following points
be discontinued, viz: Silver creek, Portland harbor, (or
Barcelona,) Port Clinton, and the light on the hill at Cleve-
land. There is no harbor at Silver creek or Barcelona, and
the one at Port Clinton cannot be entered at night, nor are
they necessary as lake coast lights."
Now, sir, that is the recommendation of the
Light-House Board, made by men engaged on
that coast who know all about the wants of the
commerce on that coast. I hope the amendment
will not be agreed to.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. RUFFIN. I move to strike out " at Bea-
con Island, near Ocracoke, North Carolina."
Mr. Chairman, I will state that there is not one
cent appropriated to my State in this bill; and
not content with that, they seem disposed to take
from us what little accommodations we have in
the way of light-houses. Now, sir, I have known
something about this Beacon Island. There has
been a light there since my recollection. It is at
a very dangerous point, just at the entrance of
the sound, and 1 can see no reason why the light
should be discontinued. I think it should be
continued at least for one year longer, until the
commercial men who are interested m the matter
may have an opportunity of being heard upon
the subject; and then, if, as the gentleman from
Massachusetts says, it ought to be discontinued,
let it be discontinued. Why, sir, I never heard
a word of the intention to discontinue these lights
until I saw it in this bill. I recollect, two ycais
ago, a recommendation was sent here by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to discontinue the revenue
boat at Ocracoke. The Light-House Board, I be-
lieve, recommended the discontinuance at some
other point; but the Secretary of the Treas-
ury fixed on Ocracoke; and when I remonstrated
with him, and told him of his error, with his usual
stubbornness he adhered to his determination,
and the consequence has been, that the officers
who arc charged with the duty of collecting the
revenue, and the Government, have been great
sufferers, and will be in future. I hope this light
will be continued for at least one year longer. It
involves no expense except the oil for the lights,
and the salary of the keeper, which is not more
than three or four hundred dollars.
Mr. COMINS. The lights at Beacon Island,
near Ocracoke, North Carolina, and at Ocracoke
channel, are wholly unnecessaiy. These lights
were originally designed to serve as a range for
crossing the bar and entering the harbor at night;
but the frequent changes in the channel prevent
them from answering the purpose for which they
were intended; and to continue them would not
only be a useless expense of four or five thousand
dollars per annum, but would be calculated to
mislead and distract the manner, instead of guid-
ing him. There is a coast light there, which is all
that is required.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIUFFIN. I move now to strike out " at
Ocracoke channel." That,sir, is similarly situ-
ated with the coast. It is situated at the bar
leading from the ocean into the channel. I think
it had better be continued for one year longer.
The same reasons which applied to striking one
out apply to the other. If they are so danger-
ous, I do not know why they have not been
recommended to be discontinued heretofore. I
imagine it has been years since there has been
any change in the channel. 1 hope the commit-
tee will strike it out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. All the in-
formation I have in regard to these amendments is
contained in the report of the light-house inspect-
ors, which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
i- l7;The0cracoke channel light-vessel and Bcacon Island
light-house were intended as a range to cross the Ocracoke
bar at uxght in safety, -
" In consequence of the formation of shoals inside the
bar, that range never has been, nor can it be now obtained,
foiiould it be attempted W cross the bar by bringing these
lights in a direct range, a vessel would certainly strike on
thQ reet, with every chance of inevitable destruction.
" It is possible that a range might be obtained by having two
light-vessels m place of the house and one vessel; but the
channel in which one of them would have to be moored is
so subject to change that its continuance would, I fear, be
of short duration.
" As it is generally admitted by navigators, that when defi-
nite instructions cannot be given for the use of lights it is
better there should be no light at all, 1 would recommend
that the two lights m question be discontinued, after suffi-
cient notice be given, and that the Ocracoke channel light-
vessel be stationed off the northwest end of Royal shoal,
whcie a light is so much needed, until the screw-pile light-
house, for which an appropriation has been made, is
erected."
Mr. WASHBURNE. I think the gentleman
had better follow the suggestions as he has heard
them read.
Mr. RUFFIN. I cannot do it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. These inspectors are
to be supposed to have full knowledge on the
subject.
Mr. RUFFIN. Those whose interests are
nearly concerned, the merchants and navigators
of that place, are in their opinions opposed to
these suggestions.
Mr. COMINS. As the committee has refused
to discontinue the light at Beacon Island, near
Ocracoke, North Carolina, it ought to be consist-
ent, and refuse to discontinue the light at Ocracoke
channel. One is necessary to the other, and both
are destructive to the interests of the harbor.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EUSTIS. I move to strike out, under
the head of lights to be discontinued, the light at
the Northeast Pass of the Mississippi. I do not
wish to embarrass the committee, yet, as I have
some personal acquaintance with this light, I
should, before the vote is taken, like to know the
reasons for this provision.
Mr. COMINS. The reasons arc the same as
have been urged in other cases of a like charac-
ter, where lights, having been found to be unne-
cessary and useless, have been recommended to
be discontinued by the Light-House Board. Ref-
erence can be had to the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury for his reasons for recommend-
ing the discontinuance of this light. I have many
letters from the light-house inspectors on the
subject; but I will not consume the time of the
committee by having them read. I will say to
the gentleman from Louisiana, that the Northeast
Pass of the Mississippi is not now used at all.
Mr.EUSTIS. There willbe no objection, then,
to leaving the matter to the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. I therefore modify my
motion by adding to the paragraph for the dis-
continuance of this light the following proviso:
Provided, The Secretary of the Treasury considers the
same unnecessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLISS. I offer the following amendment,
to conic in under the head of " Ohio:"
For building an embankment and continuing the improve-
ment upon the west pier, at the harbor of Black river, Ohio,
upon which the light-house is built, and for connecting the
same with the main land, $>10,000.
Mr. COMINS. Is the amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN, It is not in order to go
back unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. COMINS. I object.
Mr. BLISS. Then I offer the amendment at
this place. This light-house stands out in the
lake a long distance from the main land. It is
necessary to go to it by boats at all times. In
stormy weather it cannot be reached at all. The
new light-house cannot be built at that spot unless
the old connecting pier is rebuilt.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has this
matter been before the Light-House Board, and if
so, have they made any recommendation in its
favor ?
Mr. BLISS. An appropriation already made
for a similar object was not before the Light-House
Board, nor has this matter, but both are recom-
mended by the proper authorities.
I call attention to the following report of the
Secretary of War:
" As heretofore reported, the whole of the appropriation
for tins work, amounting to .$5,000, was expended last
season. Tins sum was totally inadequate. By far the
gf eater part of the harbor works were m a ruinous or dilap-
idated condition, and extensive repairs are yet required to
place it m a proper condition. With the appropriation three
hundred and sixty feet of now pier has been rebuilt upon
the foundation of the old west piei, nearly the whole of
which is planked. This was all that could* be done with
the limited amount at command, leaving much still to be
done to that pier—a new pier-head to be built, the east pier
having been wholly untouched. This latter pier is very
much dilapidated, and a portion of the northern or outer *
end of it, three hundred feet in length, is wholly gone to a
depth of six teet, with the exception of one detached part a
few feet in length, which will have to be torn down."
Mr. COMINS. I object to the introduction of
that amendment, upon the ground that it is not
germane to this portion of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The Chair strained the rule a
little for the benefit of the gentleman upon the
left of the Chair, [Mr. Sherman.^ This amend-
ment is clearly out of order, inasmuch as the
committee have passed from the section to which
the amendment is offered.
Mr. BUFFINTON moved to strike out section
four, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, and he is heieby, authorized to have a reexamina-
tion made (under the seventh section of the act approved
August 3,1854, making appiopriations for light-houses,&e.,)
of the Point of Ilocks, West Port, Massachusetts, to de-
termine whether or not the light-hou^e authorized for that
place is necessary to the commerce of that vicinity ; and if
reported upon favorably and appioved by him, to u e the
appropriation heretofore made tor that purpose m erecting
a hght-house and keeper's dwelling at or near that place ;
and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized to use the appropriation heretofore made for
that purpose, in erccting a light-house and keeper's dwell-
ing at or near the Point of Rocks, West Port, Massachu-
setts.
A survey has already been made for a light-
house at this point. That survey recommended
that a light-house was necessary, and an appro-
priation was made accordingly. My amendment
merely authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury
to use the appropriation already made, to save
the tnne and extra expense of another survey. I
hope the amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. COMINS. My colleague knows that I dis-
like to object to any amendment which he may
deem it expedient to propose. But I cannot con-
sistently asscntthat the committee should agree to
the amendment of my colleague, inasmuch as it
would be a departure from the usual course of
legislation, and would be doing that which the*
facts which are before the committee, and the
information obtained from the properauthorities,
will not justify them in doing. 1 am most de-
cidedly in favor of a light-house at West Port,
if one is required there. As the matter now
stands, the Secretary is not willing to cause this
light-house to be built. The survey and reports
are not in favor of a light at that point, but
adverse to it. The section, as it stands in the bill
as reported, provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall makeareexaminaiton of the Point
of Rocks atWestPort, Massachusetts, to determ-
ine whether or not the light-house authorized
there is necessary to the commerce of that place.
If the survey and report are favorable, the Secre-
tary must, in accordance with the seventh section
of the act passed on the 3d of August, 1854, cause
the appropriation to be immediately complied
with. If the report is adverse, it must bo sub-
mitted to the next Congress for its action. If
the House wishes to adopt an arbitrary course
of legislation, it will allow the amendment to pre-
vail. If it wishes to sustain the Committee on
Commerce, which has acted in accordance with
the facts in the case, it will not assent to the
amendment of my colleague.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 ask for tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. COMINS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, offered the following amendment:
Sec G. And be it farther enacted, That, if a good title
cannot be obtained by the United States to Dry Point and
Lmkcn's Neck, on the western side of the Damariscotta
river, in the State of Maine, the Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby authorized to cause another suitable site to be
selected for a hght-house appropriated for at the mouth of
said river by the act of Congress approved August 3,18o4.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLISS. I move the following amend-
ment:
Sec. 7. Ami be it further cnacted, That the simii of
$10,000 be appropriated to continue and nnpiove the con-
nection between the light-house in the mouth of Black
river, Lake Erie, Ohio, and the mam land, on the plan
heretofore adopted and partially completed.
I have nothing to say in addition to what I
have already said on this question.
