410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
they are admonished to use great caution, and to
use moral force only, unlcssharsh measures should
become imperatively necessary.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I more that the message
and accompanying documents be referred to the
Committee on'Territories, and be ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to make a motion
for printing; an extra number of copies of this
message, as it is a question in regard to which
the people have been very much excited, and in
which, doubtless, they feel a great deal of inter-
est. I move that ten thousand extra copies be
printed for the use of the Senate. That motion,
under our rules, will, I presume, be referred to
the Committee on .Printing.
Mr. YULEE. I suppose the Senator in his
motion does not include the laws of Kansas, a
printed copy of which is communicated by the
President.
Mr. WELLER. My motion does not include
the printed laws or the printed journals of the
Legislative Assembly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rusk in
7
the
messages from the President are expressly ex
emptied from the operation of the rule requiring i
motions to print extra numbers of documents to ,
be referred to the Committee on Printing. If ;
there be no objection, the motion which was |
made for referring the message and documents to
the Committee 011 Territories, and printing the j
usual number, will be considered as agreed to. I
Mr. DOUGLAS. I except from my motion ■
the volume of printed laws and journals. I do- !
sire, however, to have the executive journals |
printed. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question ;
is on printing ten thousand extra copies of the ;
message and documents. !
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President. I desire to 1
say a few words before this subject passes from |
the Senate. I do not see how it was possible for 1
the President of the United States to take any
other course than that which he hag adopted, as
stated in the papers now 011 the table, without
an utter abandonment of his constitutional duty.
There is but one government in the Territory of j
Kansas—a government organized in pursuance
of an act of Congress. There is a legislative de-
partment to prescribe the laws; there is a judicial !
department to adjudicate them; there is ail exec-
utive department, with ministerial officers at its
command, to execute those laws. There is 110
other government in Kansas. There is 110 ques-
tion between a government cie/acfoand a govern-
ment dej-twe.
There must necessarily bo in every community
a government. No large number of men can
exist together in society without a government.
There is always either a government de-jure, or
a government tie facto, or a government answer-
ing to both descriptions. There is in this case
but one government. There is no pretense 111
Kansas Territory of the exercise of legislative
power hitherto, by any other government. There i
has been no pretense of the exercise of judicial j
power by any other judicial department than that ■
of the territorial government instituted under !
the act of Congress; nor has there been an in- ;
stance of the execution of any process from
anything purporting to be a court, save only the ,
process issued under the territorial government |
that exists. That being so, the proposition is in- ,
disputable, that in that Territory there is but a
single government, and that is the government '
tie jure and the government de facto of the Terri-
tory. This being so, it is impossible that any
Chief Magistrate, unless he proves false to the
obligation which lie has taken upon him in the
oath of office, can do otherwise than uphold the
was elected. At that time, there were charges of
fraud and violence on both sides; but no one pos-
sessed of ordinary intelligence could fail to in-
quire why, if they be true, were not proceedings
instituted in the Territory to discover that fraud
and violence ? Where were the executive officers,
that there was no interference to prevent it?
Where were the election judges, that there was
no attempt, on their part, to prevent the fraud
and violence ? Where were the peaceable citizens,
that no one interfered, by way of complaint or
otherwise, so far as we have any knowledge, to
call on the authorities to execute the law and to
punish for any infraction of law ?
More than that, sir: there is, in the other end
of the Capitol, a tribunal which has the ultimate
decision of all questions of that kind—a tribunal
which goes behind forms and penetrates substance.
When the Delegate was returned, was there any
attempt plierc to investigate the validity of his
election? None. Did any member rise in his
place and move a reference of the question to the
Committee of Elections? None, according to
my memory. Was there a witness called ? Has
chair.) Motions to print extra copics of j1 there been anything but vague denunciation,
TWoirUv + nv- wtthmif. rivnof nnd without, for,fa ? The Delegate
without proof and without facts ? The Delegate
was permitted by the House of Representatives
to take his seat. He took his scat; and thus
ended any question m regard to that election.
Now, I ask, will not intelligentmein everywhere
put the question, how is it? Will they not come
to the conclusion that there must have been
somewhere a disposition to misrepresent, or, at
least, an effort to mislead the public mind, on the
one hand, or else that there was a total dereliction
of duty on the part of those functionaries of the
Government who were called upon to sec that
no frauds and no violence should be permitted to
triumph in that election ?
Well, sir, the affairs of the Territory passed on
until the election of members of the Legislature.
Again, the people passed upon the election of
members, and the members were returned, and
again there were charges of fraud and violence.
There may have been fraud and violence, foraught
1 know. 1 do not undertake to say that there
was not; but I beg leave to ask some questions.
If there was, where again, were the officers of the
law ? Where, again, were the judges of the elec-
tions? Where wore the executive officers* Where
was the Governor of the Territory, who was ex-
pressly authorized to pass on such questions, and
to withhold from any person who was not duly
elected aceitificate of election? The Governor
did act, and he granted certificates of election to
nearly or quite two thirds of the members of the
Legislature—certainly to a most decisive majority.
The. others he set aside and ordered elections in
their stead. Those elections took place, and I am
not aware of any charges of fraud or violence in
those elections. There may have been, but I have
heard of none and I know of none.
Shortly afterwards the Legislature assembled.
I apprehend there will bo no diversity of opinion
on the point that each House had a right to de-
cide on the election of its own members.* Perhaps
they decided wrong. Every legislative body may
decide wrong on a question of that kind; but it is
the tribunal m the last resort, and the decision is
final and irrevocable.
What right, upon this state of facts, had the
President of the United States to interfere? Had
he any right to inquire into the validity of elec-
tions? INo more than he would have had in
regard to an election in Baltimore, or Boston, or
New Orleans. He had no power. lie omitted
the performance of no duty, becausc he had no
power and no right to make inquiry in order to
interfere in the elections.
Again, if there was fraud or violence, why has
   a u it not been, in some mode known to the law and
Constitution of the country, and the laws which !* known to the Constitution, investigated and re-
have been passed in pursuance of it.
Sir, the first difficulties which arose in Kansas j
were at the election of the first Delegate, in No- ■
vember, 1854, when the present Delegate [Mr. j
Whitfield] was elected, and returned to the ;
House of Representatives. At that time, if I j
recollect the dates, in November, 1854, the Gov- j
evnor issued a proclamation, in which he em-
braced a list of the places where elections should
take place, a list of the election judges, and a list j
of the election districts; and, at an election held
in pursuance of that proclamation, the Delegate
lieved ? Why has there not been an attempt
made somewhere, m a court of justice or in any
way, to investigate that fraud or violence ? There
has been none. I trust wc live under a Govern-
ment of law. All these questions are questions
to be decided by the Constitution and laws of the
country. Up to this time, I ask, has there been
anything which would justifyan interposition by
the Federal Executive. I ask honorable Senators
if there has been any state of facts that would
justify, or authorize, or permit an interference by
the Federal Executive? Honorable Senators are
called upon, on this state of facts, to say when
and where such interference was required. Vague
denunciation will not do in a grave matter of this
kind. I undertake to express the opinion, for
one, as an humble member of this body, that we
have no intelligence of any fact or of any state
of things that would justify an interference with
military power by the President with the troubles
of Kansas, down to the period of which I am
speaking.
Well, sir, I perceive, by the documents which
have been read, that on the 1st of December last
there was a communication made by Governor
Shannon to the President, informing him of a
state of things which did call on him to interfere;
and on the 3d or 4th of December the President
answered by telegraph, to the effect that he would
exert the whole power of the country, as far as "
it was in his hands, to uphold the Constitution
and the laws, and that as soon as the letter referred
to in the telegraphic dispatch from Governor
Shannon should reach him, proper orders would
be issued. These events, however, had hardly
transpired before the wires of the telegraph
brought to us the intelligence, which was pub-
lished everywhere, that the difficulties in Kansas
were terminated; that quiet was restored; th.it
the militia had returned to their homes, and
that the difficulties were ended. Thus it rested
until an event took place which I think the hoti-
onorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] hardly expected to call out by his resolution.
I refer to the fact that the chairman of the exec-
utive committee of the Territory, and the chair-
man of the committee of safety, as they call
themselves—one of them, if I remember aright,
the president of the spurious and unauthorized
convention lately held there, and the other the
supposed Governor elect under an unauthorized
movement of a party in Kansas—appealed to the
President, and called on him to discharge his
duty. They appealed to him to issue an order for
calling out the troops. They called on him to
exercise his power as Chief Magistrate, by call-
ing the troops of the United States into the field,
for the purpose of upholding the Constitution
and the laws, in order to protect them against
illegal and unauthorized violence. I do not quote
the language of the letter—I give its substance;
it is among the documents. Two days after the
date of that letter, which was the 21st of Janu-
ary—if I took the date aright—these two gentle-
men, on the 23d of the same month, called on the
President to issue his proclamation, and demand-
ed that he should issue his proclamation.
Well, sir, the President has issued his proc-
lamation, and he has issued his orders to call out
the troops, when necessary, to support the Con-
stitution and the laws. Now, the peculiar friends
of those two gentlemen who were the immediate
authors of the movement, who demanded it, who
communicated information to the President call-
ing for it—the peculiar friends of those gentlemen
throughout the country are loud, and clamorous,
and profuse in their denunciations of the act. 1
I believe they did not suppose the President would
do what he has said in the proclamation which
I he has issued to the public that he will do; but if
! they doubted that, they have now before them the
j orders of the War Department, and the instruc-
j tions of the Secretary of State; and I think they
: will be satisfied that it is the intention of the Pies-
| ident to put an end to the troubles of Kansss by
• restoring there in full vigor the reign of the laws,
i I am apprehensive, Mr. President, that there
I are those, in the country who arc not very desir-
: ous, at this particular time, that that event should
i take place; it would put an end to their vocation;
j but let them be assured that if there is any power
j in this country capable of sustaining the reign of
, law in the Territory of Kansas, it will be exerted
for that purpose, no matter who may be affected
by it. The duty of the President will be fully
performed, to uphold the execution of the law as
the Constitution and the acts of Congress requiie.
Sir, I have thought it due from me, witli the
views which I entertain on this subject, to say
thus much on this occasion. Whatever may be
the opinions of others, nothing will divert me
from pursuing the line pointed out by myself,*of
upholding on this, as on all other occasions, the
Constitution of my country and the laws which
have been passed in pursuance of it.
Mr. WILSON addressed the Senate upon the
