€30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'[April 24,
34th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Powers of Congress over the Territories—Mr. Bitchie.
Ho. or Reps.
1788, the Legislature of Virginia passed an act,
reciting that Congress had recommended a change
in the act of cession, and assenting to the altera-
tion of the terms of cession proposed by Con-
gress in the fifth article of the ordinance. It does
liot appear to have entered into the mind of any-
one to question the power of Congress to pro-
hibit slavery in the Territory, or to consider the
exercise of that power as placing citizens of differ-
ent States on an unequal footing, or violating the
terms of the cession.
The cession from Massachusetts (1 Laws U. S.,
482) is dated 19th April, 1785, and cedes and
conveys to the United States all her " right, title,
and estate of and in, as well the soil as the juris-
diction" of the ceded territory. A portion of the
claims of Connecticut was ceded to the United
States by deed dated 14th September, 1786, which
conveys all the " right, title, interest, jurisdiction,
and claim of Connecticut in the lana described,
(1 Laws U. S., 484,485.) By an act of Assembly
«uad deed of the Governor, dated 30th May, 1800,
Connecticut, in compliance with the provisions
of an a;t of Congress of 28th April, 1800, released
to the United States " the jurisdictional claim"
of said State to the tract of land called in the said
act of Congress the western reserve of Connec-
ticut.
The deed of cession from South Carolina is
dated August 9,1787, and conveys all her "right,
title, interest, jurisdiction, and claim" to the
territory described. (1 Laws U. S., 487, 488.) .
The cession from North Carolina is dated Feb-
ruary 25, 1790, and is in the words " convey,
assign, transfer, and set over to the United States
of America, for the benefit of the said States,
North Carolina inclusive, all right, title, and
claim which the said State hath to the sover-
eignty and territory " of the lands ceded. In this
act of cession it is stipulated that " the Congress
shall assume the government of the ceded terri-
tory, which they shall execute in a manner simi-
lar to that which they support in the territory
west of the Ohio, shall protect the inhabitants
against enemies, and shall never bar or deprive
them of any privileges which the people in the
territory west of the Ohio enjoy. Provided
always, that no regulations made, or to be made,
by Congress shall tend to emanoipate slaves."
(1 Statutes at Large, 107, et teq.)
The cession of Georgia is dated April 24,1802.
By the first article, Georgia cedeauo the United
States, upon certain conditions, all her right, title, ,
and claim to the "jurisdiction and soil of the !
lands described. The fifth article provides that
the territory ceded shall form a State, and be ad-
mitted into the Union as soon as it shall contain
pixty thousand free inhabitants,&c., and that the
"ordinance of 1787" shall in "all its parts,"
extend to the territory ceded, " that article only
excepted which forbids slavery."
The cession of Louisiana territory by France
to the United States, is dated April 30,1803, and
is in the words " doth hereby cede to the said
United States, in the name of the French Repub-
lic, forever, and in full sovereignty, the said ter-
riiory, with all its rights and appurtenances. (8
Statutes at Large, 200.)
. The treaty by which Spain ceded Florida to
the United States is dated February 22,1819,
by Spain October 24, 1820, (8 Statutes, I
252,) and by the United States on the 19th Feb- 1
ruary, 1821. It is in these words: i
" His Catholic Majesty cedes to the United States, in ftill
property sod sovereignty, all the territories which belong to
liiiB, situated to the eastward of the Mississippi, known by
the name of East and West Florida." :
The word "jurisdiction," which is used in all
the cessions except that of North Carolina, is i
denned by Webster as the " power of governing
or legislating," athe power or right of exer- !
cising authority." He cites with approbation an :
excellent definition of Duponceau:'' Jurisdiction,
in its most general sense, is the power to make,
declare, and apply the law; when confined to the
judiciary department, it is what we denominate the
judicial power, the right of administering justice
through the laws, by the means which the laws
have provided for that purpose." He rives, as
examples of the use of the word "jurisdiction,"
the two following sentences:" The Legislature of
eafr&tate can exercisenojurisdiction in another;''
j and " Nations claim exclusive jurisdiction on the
sea to the extent of a marine league from the main
| land or shore." No stronger word could be used
to convey the whole power which the ceding
States had over the territory. To prevent even
the shadow of a doubt upon the subject, they use "
the word " soil" to convey the pwre ownership
of the land, such as a private individual might
have. Moreover, to render the understanding of
the parties still plainer, if such a thing were pos-
sible, wherever it was intended to limit the power
of the United States ovef the ceded territory, with
reference to slavery, or anything else, express
words, declaring precisely the extent of the lim-
itation, were introduced into the act of cession.
North Carolina conveyed all her right to the
"sovereignty and territory of the lands," &c.
France conveyed to the United States, "in full
sovereignty, the said territory, with all itp rights
and appurtenances." Spain conveyed to the
United States " in full property and sovereignty."
"Sovereignty" is defined by Webster as the
J' supreme power," " supremacy," " the possess-
ing of the highest power," or " of uncontrollable
power."
Speaking of a country to which a nation has
the exclusive right, Vattel says, (book 1, chap.
18, sec. 204:) F
" This right comprehends two things: 1. The domain, in
virtue of which the nation alone may use this country for
the supply of its necessities, and may dispose of it in such
a maimer,, and derive from it such advantages, as it thinks
proper ; 2. The empire, or the rigbt of sovereign command,
i by which the nation ordains and regulates at its pleasure
' everything that passes in a country."
And section 205:
" When a nation takes possession of a country that never
yet belonged to another, it is considered as possessing there
the empire, or sovereignty, at the same time with the do-
mam.*' " The whole space over which a nation extends
its government is the seat of Us jurisdiction, and called its
territory
He says, moreover, book 1, chap. 1, sec. 1:
" Every nation that governs itself, under what form so-
ever, without any dependence on foreign power, is a sov-
ereign State. Its rights are naturally'the same as those of
any other State. Such are moral persons who live to-
gether in a natural society under the law of nations. To
give a nation, a right to make a figure in this grand society,
it is sufficient if it be really sovereign and independent;
that is, it must govern itself by jits own authority and
laws."
With regard to the public lands, Chief Justice
Marshall, delivering the opinion of the Supreme
Court in the case of Johnson vs. Mcintosh, (8
Wheaton, 580?) and sneaking of patents from the
Crown of England, says:
^ " These various patents cannot be considered as nulli-
ties ; nor oan they be limited to a mere grant of the powers
of Government. A charter, intended to convey political
power only, would never contain words expressly granting
the land, the soil, and tlie waters." " Some of them (the
patents J purport to convey the soil alone ; and in those cases
in which the powers of Government, as well as the soil, are
conveyed to individuals, the Crown has always acknowl-
edged itself to be bound by the grant."
On page 584 he says:
"By this treaty (between Great Britain and the United
States) the powers of Government and the right to soil,
which had previously been in Great Britain, passed defin-
itively to these States."
On page 595 he says:
" According to the theory of the British constitution, all
vacant lands are vested in the Crown, as representing the
nation; and the exclusive right to grant them is admitted to
reside in the Crown, as a branch of the royal prerogative."
The correctness of this doctrine as to England
has never been disputed; but in other countries a
different rule obtained*. Vattel (book I. chap. 21,
sec. 260) lays it down as settled law, that the
prince, or^the superior of the society, whatever
he is, has no authority as sovereign, or head of
the nation, to " alienate or dispose of the public
property." He says: j
" The general rule is, that the superior cannot dispose of i
tilts public property as to its substance. If the superior ex- j
ceeds his powers with reference to this property, the alien-
ation h« makes of it will be invalid, and may, at any time,
be revoked by his successor or by the nation. This is the
law commonly receivad in France; and it was upon this
principle that the Duke of Sully advised Henry IV. to re-
sume the possession of all the domains of the Crown alien-
ated by his predecessors."
Section 261:
/.JIT11? nation having the free disposal of all the prop-
yl „™ngmg 18 lt may convey this right to the sovereign,
yv<?Dfer uPon him that of alienating and
mortgaging the public property. But thjg right not neces-
:n j
j sarily belonging to the conductor of the State, to enable him
1 to render the people happy by his government, it is not to
be presumed that the natton has given it him; and if it Inis
not made an express law for tlijit purpose, it ouirht to be
maintained that the prince is not invested with it.:'
The statesmen who formed the Constitution had
;n view not merely the principles of the British
constitution, but also, wherever that was proper,
the public law as understood on the continent of
Europe; and hence, in order to avoid all cavil, in
addition to the sovereignty over the territory, they
gave to the Government, in express words, the
power to dispose of it. Our intimate relations
with France at that time make this a fair infer-
ence. By the law as understood on the continent
of Europe, the sovereignty alone gave no power
to the government to alienate as a proprietor, and
for this reason thatpower was given in the very
words of Vattel. The rule cited from Vattel re-
lates, of course, to alienations of public property
made in favor of individuals. It is otherwise
with alienations between States.
We have seen, then, that the only limitations
of the power of Congress over the subject of
slavery in the Territories are contained in the
deeds of Georgia and North Carolina, with refer-
ence to the territory ceded by those two States;
and that, with these exceptions, the States from
whom the territory was derived, whether by deed
or by treaty, ceded to the United States all the
; right, title, and power, both of domain and sov-
, ereignty, which they possessed. They did this
in the broadest and moist absolute terms known
to human language. That this was then, and has
always since been, the understanding of the par-
ties, will now be shown from the uniform practice
and decisions of the different departments of the
Government of the United States, and the acqui-
escence and concurrence of all the parties con-
cerned. The first act of Congress with reference
to the Territories is dated 7th August, 1789, and
was passed.at the first session of the First Con-
gress under the present Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. There were many gentlemen in that
Congress who had been members of the conven-
tion which formed the Constitution; and Wash-
ington, who had been President of the Conven-
tion, was President of the United States. The act
is entitled " An act to provide for the government
of the territory northwest of the river Ohio."
The preamble to the act is in the following words:
" Whereas, in order that the ordinance of the United
States in Congress assembled, for the government of the
territory northwest ot the river Ohio, may continue to have
full effect, it is requisite that certain provisions should be
made, so as to adapt the same to the present Constitution
of the United States; be it enacted," Jtc.
In this act no allusion is made to the sixth arti-
cle of the ordinance of 1787, prohibiting slavery,
nor was it supposed necessary to alter that in
order to " adapt the ordinance to thepresent Con-
stitution of the United States." The act here
spoken of was several times before the House of
Representatives, and was passed by that body on
the 21st day of July, 1789, and sent to the Senate
for concurrence. It was considered and amended
in the Senate, and then passed by it on the 4th
day of August, 1789. On 5th August, 1789, the
amendments of the Senate were agreed to by the
House, and the act was approved by the Presi-
! dent on 7th August, 1789. During all the time
this bill was before Congress, no man in either
House even hinted a doubt as to the power of
Congress to establish territorial governments, or
! to exclude slavery from the Territories. On the
j contrary, they provided that the ordinance of
{ 1787, so far as slavery was concerned, should
continue to have full effect. They evidently
thought they had the power,did actually exercise
it without scruple or question, and would, no
doubt, have supposed the use of any more words
to confer it than those which are in the Consti-
tution, not merely superfluous, but absurd.
At the second session of the same Congress,
(February 11 and 12,1790,) memorials, with refer-
ence to slavery, were presented from the Quakers,
and from the abolition society of Pennsylvania.
Some gentlemen objected to a reference of them
to a committee, on the ground that Congress had
' no power over the subject. In answer to this,
Mr. Madison said that " regulations might be
made in relation to the introduction of slaves into
the Western Territory." In ft long and warm
