1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2041
Mr. COMINS. I raise a point of order on the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, on the ground that to admit the
amendment now offered by the gentleman would
be, in effect, to override the rule of the commit-
tee, which requires that amendments shall come
in at their proper place, and in their proper order.
Mr. STEWART. I offer the followingamend-
ment:
Sec. 7. *And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause an ex-
amination to be made as to the propriety of a light-house
on the Chesapeake bay, at James Point, at the mouth of
Little Choptank river"; and, if it shall appear to him to be
neecssary, the sum of $>,000 is hereby appropriated for the
purchase of a sue and the erection of a light-house at that
point.
Mr. COMINS. I raise a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. WHEELER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Sfc. 7. Jlndhe it further enacted, That thoie he appro-
priated for the conttiuction of floating light* at the mouth
and m the channel of the harbor of New York, .®ju,uy0.
Mr. COMINS. I raise a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order on the ground that it is not in
proper time.
Mr. LANE. I offer the following amendment;
For the construction of a light-house at Port Orford,
$•00,000.
Mr. COMINS. It would give me greatpleasure
to comply with the request of the gentleman from
Oregon. If he supported his amendment with
his usual coil of telegraphic tape,iS just received,"
I might yield under his persuasive oratory.
[Laughter.] But I must make a point of order
on the gentleman from Oregon.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. LANE. I think that if the gentleman
from Massachusetts would take a moment to
reflect he would not raise the question of order.
He has provided for light-houses in California.
[Calls to "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. LANE, We have no light-houses in
Oregon 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) Debate is
not in oider.
Mr. COMINS. I move that the committee do
now rise, and repoitthe bill and amendments to
the House, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Orr reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly the light-house bill,
(H. R. No. 451,) and had instructed him to report
the same back with sundry amendments, and
with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. COMINS moved the previous question on
the engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the amendments reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union were agreed
to. The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. COMINS moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was passed.
Mr. HOUSTON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. COMINS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report of the Secretary of War in
reply to a resolution of the House of Representa-
tives, of 26th May, 1856, in relation to the Capitol
and Post Office extension; which was referred to
the select committee on that subject, and ordered
to be printed.
DISTRICT COURT IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. ORR. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to have taken from the Speaker's table,
Senate bill (No. 219) to alter the time of holding
the district court in South Carolina. It is a bill
of local interest merely. I have submitted it to
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and I
believe I may say the bill meets his approbation.
There was no objection, and the bill was taken
up for consideration, and read a first and second
time.
Mr. ORR. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and wasaccordinglyread the third time and passed*
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to rcconsidcron the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
NAVAL IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. BENSON. The*Committoe on Naval Af-
fairs reported certain provisions as amendments
to the Navy appropriation bill, which were ruled
out of order. I then gave notice that I should
report them in a separate bill. I now ask the
unanimous consent of the House to report the
bill.
No objection being made,
Mr. B. reported from the Committtee on Na-
val Affairs a bill authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to purchase additional lands adjoining cer-
tain navy-yards therein named, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read through. It authorizes the
Secretary of the Navy to purchase certain lands
adjoining the navy-yards at Boston, Philadelphia,
and Washington, to erect an additional building
at Norfolk, to increase the salary of the officer
at the naval laboratory at New York, and to con-
struct a new magazine at San Francisco.
Mr. BENSON. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to offer an
amendment to this bill. It will be recollected
that, under a law precisely like this, the Presi-
dent purchased a site for a post office in the city
of Baltimore, and when a provision making the
necessary appropriation to pay for it was offered
the other day, it was maintained on the one hand
that the contract made by the President was ab-
solute, and on the other hand it was held that
Congress had the right either to ratify or rejcct
it. Now, sir, to avoid all difficulty, I desire to
submit an amendment, that none of those eon-
tracts for purchases shall he considered to be
binding until after they shall have been ratified
by Congress.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
• The bill was then ordered to be engrossed,
and reud the third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENSON moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
LAND OFFICE AT VINCENNES, INDIANA.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was discharged from the further consider-
ation of House bill (No. 123) to continue the
land office at Vinc.ennos, Indiana, and to ascer-
tain and adjust the titles to certain lands in the
States of Indiana and Illinois, formerly included
within the Vinccnnes land district, and the bill
taken up for consideration.
Mr. MILLER moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. MILLER. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Th§ previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALLEN'S MAIL-BAGS.
Mr. COYODE. I move that the Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar be
discharged from the further consideration of a bill
(H. R. No. 264) authorizing and directing the
Postmaster General to purchase, and test, Allen's
air and water-tight mail-bags, in order that it may
be put on its passage.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. COYODE. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose indicated.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I understand that
there are some gentlemen who desire to discuss
general politics, and if the gentleman will with-
draw the motion to adjourn, I will move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, in order to take a recess for an even-
ing session.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the House is disposed
to favor the gentleman's motion, I will withdraw
the motion to adjourn, but otherwise I will not.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I make the motion
I have stated.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The veas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How can the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio be entertained,
pending the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Covode] to suspend the rules ?
The SPEAKER. If objection be made it can-
not bo entertained.
Mr. JONES. I object. Speeches are filed at
the night sessions without being delivered, and
are afterwards published as having been delivered
Mr. CLINGMAN. [ insist on my motion
that the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to; there being, un a division—ayes
54, noes 68.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Covode's
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. COVODE. The bill simply authorizes
and requires the Postmaster General to carry out
a contract already made.
Mr. FLORENCE. Does it make an appro-
priation ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
it does make an appropriation.
The question was taken; and the rules were
not suspended, two thirds not voting in favor
thereof.
MILITARY" LANDS IN FLORIDA.
Mr. M AXWELL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report from the Committee
on Public Lands a local bill, with a view to put
it upon its passage. It is a bill to authorize the
sale of lands reserved for military purposes in the
State of Florida.
Several Members objected.
Mr. MAXWELL. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes 56, noes
76.
The question was put; and the rules were not
suspended, two thirds not voting in favor thereof.
NORWOOD M'CLELLAND.
Mr. SAPP. I move that the Committee of
the Whole House be discharged from the further
consideration of Senate bill (No. 276) for the
relief of Norwood McClclIand, master of the*
steamboat New World.
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put; and the rules were
suspended, two thirds voting in favor thereof.
The Committee of the Whole House was
accordingly discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill, and it was reported to the
House for consideration.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
read a third time,
