1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1167
tion of certain railroads, no one of which has
ever received the sanction of the other House.
The only difference in effect between this bill and
those heretofore passed is, that now we shall not
get more than half as much land to aid in the
construction of these railroads as we should have
got if the former bills had been passed by the
House of Representatives.
As I remarked the other day, Senators know—
everybody knows, that the public lands in the
Northwest, and in my State particularly, are now
being taken up by the holders of bounty-land war-
rants, which do not put money into the Treasury,
but on the contrary draw from the Treasury,
money to pay the officers who receive the war-
rants instead of the bard money. If this bill
be not taken up and passed soon, I believe that
the major part of the public lands on the lines of
these routes will be located upon by the holders of
land warrants. I have good authority for saying
that not less than $40,000 worth of land warrants
have been sent out to my State, to be located on
the line of these railroads, since the bill passed
the House of Representatives yesterday. I im-
plore the Senate to allow the bill to be now taken
up and disposed of. I do not intend to offer a
single amendment, although I should be glad to
do so; and I will refrain from making another
remark, unless it shall be called for by what may
fall from others. 1 ask the Senate to do me the
favor to consider the bill now, and I promise that
1 will not be importunate again during the whole
session. t desist from making any further
remarks now, because my friends around me,
on both sides of the Chamber, tell me that it
shall be done.
Mr. FOOT. With every disposition to accede
to any request of my friend from Iowa, I cannot,
consistently with my sense of the duty which I
owe to the public in reference to this question,
accede to the request which he has made. I
have always been inclined, as that Senator well
knows, to favor liberal appropriations for the
construction of railroads, not only in his State,
but in all the new States of the Union. This,
sir, is a very important bill. It authorizes the
construction of four different lines of railroad
through the whole length of -tliQ State of Iowa,
granting alternate sections of the public lands for
six miles on either side 
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow me to
interrupt him, I must ask that this subject may
go over.
Mr. FOOT. I will then simply close by mov-
ing a reference of tho bill to the Committee on
Public Lands. *
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope that wilFnot be
done—:—
The PRESIDENT. The hour for the special
order has arrived; and debate on another subject
is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I wish to throw my-
self on the indulgence of the Senate for, I believe,
the first time, in a matter of importance to my
State. I could show the Senate, if 1 had time,
that this land will be taken up by bounty-land
■warrants, and not entered with money, if this bill
be not passed at, once.
The PRESIDENT. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I should like to be in
order. If I can move to suspend the rules, or do
anything else in the world, in order to have this
bill taken up, I will do so.
The PRESIDENT. It is in the power of the
Senate to postpone the special order for the pur-
pose of giving the Senator from Iowa an oppor-
tunity to speak.
Mr. JONES, of .Iowa. Then I will move to
postpone the special order.
Mr. MASON. I trust it will not be done,
though I should be gratified to comply with the
request of the Senator from Iowa. jf must ask
for the yeas and nays upon the motion to post-
pone the special order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 beg leave to ask the Chair,
the bill having been lead once to-day, whether
a single objection will not be sufficient to defeat
the consideration now?
The PRESIDENT. The bill was read the
second time, without objection.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
23, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bright, Dodge, Douglas, Durkee,
Fitzpatnck, Foster, Geyer, Hale, Harlan, Johnson, Jones of
Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Maliory, Seward, Slidell, Stu
ai 23 0UCejr> Weiier, Wilson, and Yulee
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Collamer, Crittenden, Evans.
Foot, Mason, Pratt, Pugh,ileid, Sumner, and Toombs—Jl.
So the motion to postpone the special order
was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question is now on
taking up for consideration the bill referred to by
the Senator from Iowa.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bell, of
Tennessee, in the chair.) The bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FOOT. Tho pending question is on my
motion to refer this bill to the Committee on
Public Lands ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the Senate
will not refer the bill. I cannot see the slightest
possible necessity for it. The principle—if there
is any principle connected with it—has been sot-
tied by the Senate for the last three years on many
occasions, at every session; and I believe that the
honorable Senator from Vermont himself has
almost invariably sustained the principle of thus
giving away the public lands. This bill stands
on precisely the same principle with other bills
which we have passed time after time. I take it
for granted that every Senatoris prepared to vote,
and it is a mere question of delay. We have
reached a point when -we can pass it at once, if
we are to pass it at all; and I hope that the Sen-
ator will not press his motion to refer the bill to
the committee.
Mr. FOOT. I feel obliged to insist on a ref-
erence of this bill. It is true, as has been re-
marked by the honorable Senator from Tennes-
see, and as I admitted at the outset, that 1 have
always been inclined to favor liberal appropria-
tions of land for the construction of railruuils in
the new States; but this is not an ordinary bill
of that description. If it provided for the con-
struction of one road or two roads throughout
the length of the State of Iowa, perhnps I mijjht
withdraw my motion for the reference of the bill,
so that it may receive the consideration of the
committee; but it provides for the construction
of four parallel roads throughout the length of that
State, granting alternate sections of land six miles
on either side, or to the extent of fifteen miles, in
order to make up any deficiency for lands that
have been preempted or entered within the six
miles.
I understand further, Mr. President, that other
parties are interested m the construction of these
roads, who have presented their request to the
Committee on Public Lands to be heard upon this
bill before that committee. It is but right, and
proper, and just, and in pursuance of the uniform
and established practice of the Senate, to give
them any opportunity for a hearing on a measure
of this vast importance—not only of importance
to the individuals directly interested in the con-
struction of these roads—not only important to
tho State of Iowa, but important to the Union at
large, the owner and proprietor of these lands, a
vast amount of which are to be granted by the pas-
sage of this bill.
I am not prepared at this time to go into an
examination of the merits of this case. Very
possibly I may be inclined to go for the bill,
broad and extensive as it is; but I desire an op-
portunity for examination in the committer, and
above all I desire to insist upon it as just and
right that other parties interested may have an
opportunitv of being heard upon it.
Mr. JONES, of lttwa. The Senator says that
other parties are interested in this measure.
What do these other parties want' They want
to make another road to run parallel to those pro-
vided for in the bill, and through the whole length
of the State of Iowa, from east to west. That
is exactly the reason why they wish to refer this
bill to the Committee on Public Lands. What
road is that? A road that no man in the State of
Iowa has asked for; a road got up by speculators
from without the. State, and for which the Legis-
lature of Iowa has never asked. Three Legis-
latures of my State have memorialized for the
roads included m this bill; no Legislature or
petition from the people of the State of Iowa has
asked for the road which the Senator from Ver-
mont suggests as proper to be included m the
proposition which is to be submitted to the com-
mittee, if referred. I do not say that he desires
to make provision for such a road, but I know
that to be the object sought for by the lobby
^speculator and his confederates who have here-
tofore defeated our bills before the other House.
I wish to correct him in another particular; I
say there are but three roads provided for in this
measure. It provides for starting four roads-
from the Mississippi river, but neither one of
those roads will get any land until it approaches
the center of the State. The intervening lands
have already been sold, and the money obtained
for them is now in the coffers of the Govern-
ment. The two northern branches of the upper
road are to be united on the same parallel of lati-
tude, 420 30' north, at some convenientpoint, and
run thence on that parallel of latitude—the con-
necting line—to a point of the Missouri river
directly west, near Sioux City, which is consid-
ered the best point at which to cross that mag-
nificent and turbulent stream; there being at that
young city abundance of stone and excellent
landings on each side of the river, over which a
bridge may easily be built, which is seldom to be
found elsewhere on the Missouri river.
I know the gentleman to whom my friend from
Vermont refers; and I also know that through
his, and the interference of other pretending
friends, our bills have heretofore been lost in the
other branch of Congress. I do not wish Jo
impute any malicious or unfriendly motive to
the distinguished Senator, because X am awaro
that lie has always been, and is now, in favor of
these grants of land. That gentleman speculator
came to me twice m the House of Representatives
when this bill was pending there, desiring me to
interpose there; but I told him, " Go to your Rep-
resentative,your friend, who has the management
of the bill in the House, [Mr. Thorington,] and
if he will consent that your road shall be included
I shall make no objection." Why? Because I
would be glad to have all the land in my State
given to our State, if I could, and especially for
railroads, for the reason that they would enrich
the State, enhancc the value of property there,anji
would also put money into the Treasury of the
United States. If the land be not given for mil-
road purposes, itwili betaken up by bounty land
warrants in the hands of speculatmgjobbers in
that line of business; and instead of putting money
into, it will take it out of the Treasury of the
United States, to pay the land officers for per-
forming their duty; though they—the registers and
receivers—have heretofore been, very unjustly I
think, and in violation of the intention of Con-
gress, kept out of the small percentage or fees to
which they are so justly entitled under the bounty
land act.
My friend from Vermont has always approved-
of these bills. He has approved bills which have
passed the Senate four or five times, precisely
similar to this. The only difference is, that the
former bills which he approved and reported in
favor of made a much larger grant of land to the
State of Iowa. They provided for the construc-
tion of three railroads through the State. Atone
time one of the bills provided for a railroad from
the northeast to the southeast of the State, from
Dubuque to Keokuk, running through the seat
of government, then at Iowa City. At that time
we should have got at least one half more, in my
opinion, of the public land than we can now,
for the reason that since then nearly all the
lands have been disposed of. I have a statement
before me which shows that $5,000,000 per annum
have been paid into the Treasury of the United
States for tho last three or four years for public
lands in Iowa, exclusive of the millions taken up
by the bounty land warrants with which the
country has been flooded, through the instrument-
ality chiefly of my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Brodixead.] The lands are still being taken
up by these bounty land warrants; and I h ave good
authority for saying, that since this bill passed
the House forty thousand dollars5 worth of land
warrants have been sent to Iowa to be located on
these routes. If you defer the passage of thisbili
for two or three days longer, hundreds of thou-
sands of land warrants will be sent out to Iowa to
be located on the lines of these roads. -That will
destroy the benefit which the Government of the
United States, as well as the State of Iowajde--
rive from the grant if mado immediately. Th&
