2042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
Mr. SAPP moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was ordered to a third reading,
and was read the third time.
Mr. SAPP moved the previous question on the
passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeasand nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. SAPP moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
GUSTAVUS B. HORNER.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to discharge
the Committee of the Whole House from the
further consideration of Senate bill No. 343, so
that it may be put upon its passage.
Mr. KuNKEL, (at forty minutes past four
o'clock, p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw that motion that I may move
to suspend the rules.
Mr. KUNKEL withdrew the motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (at forty-five min-
utes past four o'clock, p. m.) I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Imjstis m the chair,)
and.proceeded to the consideration of the Presi-
dent's annual message.
And then, on motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, (at
ten minutes before five o'clock, p. m.,) th.e House
took a recess till seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee resumed its session at seven
o'clock, (Mr. Eustis in the chair,) the Presi-
dent's annual message, and the resolutions pro-
posing to refer the sain*1 to the standing commit-
tees, being under consideration.
Mr. SIMMONS. Jn the lemarks f propose to
submit to thi; committee, 1 design to deviate a
little from the common track of subjects selected
lor discussion here. I think there is a great ques-
tion underlying nil these that we have been dis-
cussing, not only this session, but a great many
sessions before. I am now nearly sixty-five years
old, and can remember very well the first election
of Mr. Jefferson, and of all the Administrations
down. And were it not for the fact, that while
we are drifting along, we are not sensible of the
changes that take place, J should be astonished at
comparing the present state of things with what
used to be considered the true and correct policy
in the years itfUJ-02—half a century ngo.
1 propose now to make a few remarks on the
abusesol' the Federal Government, and the remedies
therefor.
Jtstnkes me, sir, that the Federal Government,
not simply this Congress or last Congress, but
the whole Federal Government, for a long series
of years, has been deviating from the track
marked out originally by our fathers. Not that
J would hinder the present generation from im-
proving on the policy of former ones. I do not
believe that one generation has a right to mnrk
out exactly the lines for all their successors, but
the most ordinary sagacity can see that a change
has been taking place m the political and moral
sense of the nation for many years past. We
live not under two Governments, as people com-
monly imagine—National and State. We li"ve
under one Government with two blanches—the
Federal branch, and the local orState branch. The
federal branch was intended to regulate merely
the relations of this country with foreign nations,
and such nuer-State matters as one State alone
could not regulate without the consent of others.
Anybody who has road the debates in the
Federal Convention of 1789, will perceive< that
the first step taken was to pass two resolutions.
The first was, that the Federal Government, or
the Government of the United States, should be
vested with all the requisite powers to regulate
the foreign affairs—the relations between these
States and other nations. The second was, that
the Federal Government should regulate such
internal affairs as concern more States than one.
They instructed their committee to draft a Con-
stitution accordingly. Any gentleman who will
run over the enumerated powers of that instru-
ment, will see that they had both these resolu-
tions in their eye. You can hardly name one of
the powers vested in Congress that is not designed
either to regulate those things which individual
States could not regulate, or to regulate our re-
lations with foreign countries.
This, you see, sir, is but a small portion of the
powers exercised by the British Parliament or the
French Parliament. Our national Government
was created with these very limited powers, and
the vast powers of internal government were left
to the States. It was expected by the framers of
the Constitution that, if*the national Government
kept itself strictly within the sphere of its powers,
Congress would only require to sit a few weeks
and then adjourn, whereas now it sits nearly
three fourths of a year at its first session, and one
fourth at its second.
Most of the State Legislatures sit only from
two to four months, to regulate all the various
internal local interests of the country. These
; are constituent parts of the national Government,
■ not other and distinct. They are like the pillars
i that support this Capitol—they uphold the Fed-
1 eiai Government. They are present by their
i agents in the Senate, and by their people's Repre-
! sentatives in this House; and every act passed
; by Congress becomes a State law as well as a
: national one, because passed with the consent of
j all the States, as States, in the Senate, and by the
i consent of their people in the House of Represent-
atives. Now, sir, how have these tivo branches
of our Government, representing the same people,
operated in practice? Is the balance preserved,
as originally intended, between the National and
State governments: No, sir; the Federal power
is swallowing up the States. The national branch
of our Government receive all the revenues from
duties on imports and the proceeds of the public
! lands. And money is power, sir. Money is
| power in proportion to its amount. The amount
! is annually increasing.
' Sir, what is the amount of these revenues? Why,
! some seventy-live million dollars a year. When
, it was but thirteen or fourteen millions of dollais
it was enough. When it was ^25,000,000 it was
, more than enough. When it is now $75,000,000
1 it h all -used up; for Governments, like individ-
, uals, live up to their income.
■ Yes, sir, you use it all up; and that income is
; worse than wasted, because it is used to corrupt
: the Government and corrupt the people. Every
department grows greater as fast as tins income
grows larger. Hut two sessions since the salaries
t*of the heads of departments were raised from
i $6,000 a year to §8,000; and at the last session
i tin; salaries of the judges of thr Supreme Court
, to $G,500; about two or three times as much as
1 the salaries of the State judges get for doing more
, work, and bringing to the service full as much
j talent.
I And that is notall. Having still more money in
' the Treasury, this Government sends out its ex-
: peditions to Japan, Amazon, Dead Sea, or wher-
1 ever it pleases, for the purpose of crenting offices
i and spending money. Why, sir, at the lastses-
! sion 1 find—and 1 am surprised, for I could not
i have been present when it was passed—an act was
| passed for the creation of a board to codify the laws
■ of the District of Columbia — a board that, as i
j far as present appearances are concerned, is to be |
| perpetual—a work that would require about six I
, months' labor for one or two attorneys. But the I
board has answered its design, I suppose; offices j
i ivere treated. Now, I ask gentlemen to reflect for |
; a moment, and tell me where there was ever an
; omission to create an office, or to expend money,
i when any possible excuse could be found for it?
I Noneatali. And yet, sir, in the administration
1 of John duincy Adams, the fact that $13,000,000
i was -spent in a single year was enough to break
down that Administration, on the ground of ex-
travagance .' The next Administration, I believe,
spent $25,000,000; and so we have gone on, al-
most doubling the expenses with every new Ad-
ministration, creating offices and raising sala-
ries, until the cost and extravagance of the Gen-
eralGovernmenthas grown out of all proportion to
the expenditures of the State governments. Why,
sir, I suppose the President of the United States
gets as much salary as one half of the aggregate sal-
aries of all the Governors of the States. I am per-
fectly satisfied that the administration of justice in
the State of New York, by the cSirts and officers
of the United States judiciary, costs more money
than the whole judiciary of the State. The mar-
shals and other officers get such enormous sala-
ries and fees for the business they do, that they
actually go about the State getting up business
to increase their per diem compensation. When-
ever they can find any possible excuse for mak-
ing complaint for any violation of law, no matter
how frivolous, witnesses are called, and costs are
multiplied to enable these marshals and deputies
to earn fees. You pay your marshal, you pay
your grand jurors, you pay your witnesses, you
pay everybody in the employ of this Govern-
ment, more than they can earn in any other busi-
ness, and you make business for them.
Again, sir, what is the use or necessity of the
two great wings now going up to this Capitol?
Why, sir, look at the committee-room now com-
pleted in the Capitol extension. Italmost sickens
one to see the extravagance with which it is fitted
up—to look at the ceilings painted with all kinds
of representations of Pagan mythology, which
have no merit in them except that they cost a
good deal of money. I want to know by what
authority $5,000 or jf.10,000 are expended in fit-
ting up a single committee-room? The imagery
is behind that of the ancient Egyptians excavated
from the ruins three thousand years old, for we
find in them the zod inc. and other em hi ems illustrat-
ing the seasons and other astronomical changes
in the heavens. The Government of the United
States contrives in various ways to get rid of its
money. It has of late hit on a plan to succeed
rapidly in what it seems to desire. Buildings for
court-rooms, custom-houses, and posroffices, at
a cost each of fifty to one hundred thousand dol-
lars, are being built m most of the large towns in
every State, and that, too, within a stone's throw
from buildings erected by the States, which might
be used just as well. All have contributed their
shares of money to fill up the Treasury; and there
being no other way to obtain a division, every
tax-payer and every locality is naturally very de-
sirous to get its share back. My district obtained
one of these buildings. The district of the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] also obtained
one at the same time, and, as long as the national
Treasury is full, we all, Virginians as well as
others, must come in for our share.
Then, sir, another method for depleting the
Treasury is the book resolutions so much favored
by Congress. When the publication of a book
is ordered we must of necessity have a large
number of copies; for if we send to one con-
stituent we must to another. Yet the books
ordered, if put up at sale, would not bring twenty-
five cents on a dollar of the cost. Mr. Chair-
man, in this manner the Federal Government
manages to use up all its income. When our
income shall amount to §150,000,000, instead of
$75,000,(300, we shall use it all up as we do our
prcsciu income. Now. sir, what makes this vast
expenditure so censurable is, that we do notapply
it to the right objects, and in just proportions to
the people; not to the aid of internal improve-
ments, nor to all parts of the country, old States
and new ones, in just proportions, or on sys-
tematic principles. And yet the national Gov-
ernment disclaims the power to make internal
improvements. With what jealousy does that
Government look on a system of internal im-
provements? Appropriation bills for the purpose
of internal improvements are vetoed. The power
is denied as unconstitutional.
Now, look at the States, and think of their
scanty means. They have everything to do, and
nothing to do it with. They uphold the admin-
istration of justice within their limits, found-and
maintain schools and colleges, construct high-
ways and canals, and preserve a good police.
Whence do they get their means? They have to
