4M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
cations for more than fifty, perhaps nor, more
than twenty, of the mechanical, but I want as
many as I can get of the agricultural. If it will
meet the wishes of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Haven,] I will make the suggestion
to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Nichols] that
he should so modify his resolution as to provide
that a certain number ©f the two parts of the
Patent Office report should be named in the ag-
gregate, and that each member should indicate to
the public printer as soon as practicable—say, in
the course of a week—how the number to which
he is entitled shall be divided.
Mr. NICHOLS. The gentleman will allow
me one word. This resolution provides only for
printing the mechanical part of the Patent Office
report; and I may as well say here, not to con-
sume the time of the gentleman from New York,
that no desire to dimmish the quantity to be or-
dered of any particular document actuated the
committee in presenting this report. The pre-
cedents, except in two instances, are in favor of
the report which we have submitted.
If the IJouse wishes an extra number of these
documentsabove that we have recommended, they
can assume the responsibility of ordering thcni.
And let me say to the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Cungman,] that the agricultural
part of the Patent Office report has not, I think,
been yet submitted to Congress. It certainly
has not been referred to the Joint Commutes on
Printing. It is a document of a great deal of value
and importance; and whenever it is referred to
our committee to inquire into the expediency of
printing extra copies, they will give it a fair con-
sideration, and, I have no doubt, report the usual
number.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is true, Mr. Speaker,
that the agricultural part has not been presented,
butit wilfbe, I presume, in the course of a week,
and the arrangement I have suggested can be
made. Now, 1 will say that, during the sessions
of the last Congress, I have had, for my share,
two hundred copies of the mechanical, and four
hundred of the agricultural part. Now, if ir. were
submitted to the people of my district, I do not
suppose there would be found five men who
would take the mechanical in preference to the
agricultural report. This mechanical part is
really of very little value; it conveys but little
information. If the gentleman comes to examine
it, he will find that the abstracts areso meagre that
they aie not of much service to the community.
But, sir, it will be ascertained that, in most of
the agricultural districts, there is very great de-
sire for one part of the report, and very little for
the other; and hence I propose that the number
of both documents to be printed be ordered in
the aggregate, leaving the individual members to
fix the number of agricultural and the number of
mechanical reports they will have. The gentle-
man from New York will then receive as 'many
of the mechanical reports as is provided for in
his amendment, if he desires them. I very much
0 prefer that this course should be taken.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. J am aware that
what has been said by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Haven,] as to the number of applica-
tions for these documents, is correct; but, t think
it may be safely said that anything almost that
this fiouse would print would also be sought
after by our constituents. If we print the num-
ber proposed m the amendment of ihc gentleman,
it will only give two hundred copies to a district
of fifteen thousand or twenty thousand voters.
Take the case of the gentleman from North
Carolina. He tells us that he gets four hundred
copies of the agricultural portion of the. Parent
Office report. There are in his district some Jif-
teen thousand voters; and he selects from that
number, as every member does, the four hundred
to whom he will send the work. Of course, the
remaining voters, those who are equally taxed with
those who ha\e been selected, do not receive
copies of the report: and I take it that it is im-
possible—at least the House will never be brought
to print a numberof copies sufficient—to make the
distribution anything like general.
In my judgment, Mr. Speaker, we will do better
in this and ni many" other matters by letting the
people furnish themselves with such works on the
subjects as they may think proper.
Mr. CLINGMAN". lagrce with thegentlcman
from Tennessee. I wish wc could do wav with
this printing; I do not think the work is worth
printing; and my present object is to secure some
reduction in the number—to, at least, get rid of
those which are most objectionable.
Mr. JONES. Let members vote against the
proposition, prevent this printing, and in this way
commence a reform in one branch of the govern-
mental expenditures where it is as much, if not
more, needed than in any other. I would be grat-
ified if the Committee on Printing would report
to this House what has been the cost to the Gov-
ernment of its printing for the past two years.
Mr. NICHOLS. Let, the gentleman introduce
a resolution directing such an inquiry.
Mr. JONES. In reply to the gentleman's sug-
gestion I will state, that I will on some other occa-
sion offer a resolution to request that the Com-
mittee on Printing inquire and report to the House
what amount has been paid during the last two
years fty public printing. I shall notbe surprised
if it will be found to run up to millions of dollars.
We go on and print every sort of thing brought
before us; we print thousands upon thousands of
copies; and, valuable as are many of the docu-
ments we publish, they are used in this city in
grocery and other stores as wrapping paper.
Many are used in this way; but many, too, it is
true, find their way to the people for whom they
are intended, by means of the franking privilege.
Now, with icgard to the particulai report at
present before us for consideration, I ask the gen-
tleman from the Buffalo district, [Mr. Haven]—
I ask all upon this floor who are acquainted with
the matter—whether there is in this broad land a
publisher who will take the work which you arc
now printing by the thousand and publish it,
even if you give him the copy? I ask whether
you could sell one half of the number of copies
which you propose to print, if they were to cost
the purchaser but twenty-five cents apiece ? I ven-
ture the assertion, that many and many of them
which are sent out under frank would not, if
they were charged postage, even at the low rate
fixed by the present law, be taken from the post
office. Yet we go on and order their printing.
Every proposition of the kind, when made, finds
advocates in this Hall. Some, like my friend
from New York, [Mr. Havent,] will go for this
work and oppose all others; and when the others
come up for action, the friends of each particular
document, or of the source whence a emanates,
would advocate its merits, ami the largest num-
ber of it would also be ordered to be printed. I
hope we will commence retrenchment and reform
upon this subject of printing; that we will prune
and bring it within reasonable and proper limits;
that we will make it what it ought to be.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I should like
to see carried out the reforms of which gentlemen
have spoken. I have no doubt that the public
printing costs the Government too much. I rise,
however, for the purpose of saying a word in
reference to the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingmax.J I cannot see
why the gentleman at the head of the Printing
Committee is unable to accept the suggestions
thiown out by the gentleman from Notth Caro-
lina. They are reasonable and just, and, in my
opinion, well calculated to promote what the Rep-
resentative of the district may deem best for the
interest, or according to the taste, of his constitu-
ents. Suppose the gentleman withdraw Ins re-
port, and, when the agricultural portion comes
m, let it go, together with the mechanical portion
of the Patent Office report, to the Committee on
Printing. The committee can then report a reso-
lution stating how many of the one, and the other
part, should be printed. Let the aggregate num-
ber be what it has averaged before. Say that six
hundred shall be ordered for each member, with
the permission to each member to indicate, by
note to the public printer, whether he will have
four hundred agricultural and two hundred me-
chanical, or five hundred agricultural and one
hundicd mechanical—to indicate precisely the
proportion of each that he desires. There can be
no injustice in this arrangement. My friend from
New York can get those winch he wants; and
every gentleman can get copies of both parts m
i the proportion that, in his judgment, the inclina-
tions and interests of his constituents would
demand.
I hope,.therefore, that the amendment, or rather
the suggestion—for I understand the Chair rules
there can be now no amendment to the effect pro-
posed—will prevail; and I appeal to the honorable
gentleman from Ohio to allow the report to be re-
committed to the Committee on Printing, to await
the committal there of the agricultural portion of
the Patent Office report, so that the course sug-
gested may be pursued. It is manifestly just and
proper.
Mr. ORR. i would inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Printing, what number of
the mechanical report was ordered to be printed
at the last session ?
Mr. NICHOLS. I have already stated that at
each session the number was sixty thousand.
Mr. ORR. The mechanical?
Mr. NICHOLS. Yes, sir, the mechanical.
Mr. ORR. I understand that the gentleman
from New York proposes an amendment, that
thirty thousand be stricken out, and in its place
fifty thousand be inserted. I hope the gentleman
will modify the proposition so that sixty thou-
sand copies will be ordered to be printed. Thero
is no document printed by the Congress of the
United States which is so much sought after in
every part of the Union. It is true that there is
more demand for the agricultural than for the
mechanical portion of the report, and for the
reason that a much larger proportion of our peo-
ple are engaged in agricultural than in olhei pur-
suits. I think the money well spent that is ex-
pended for the publication of these reports, which
are prepared by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office with great care. They are publica-
tions of exceeding interest, and embrace informa-
tion of great value to our people. In my opinion,
the very largest number ought to be printed for
distribution. The demands to me from my dis-
trict are continuous and pressing for the agricul-
tural and mechanical parts of the report. Thero
might be, I admit, some curtailment of expendi-
ture for the printing of the report on commerce
and navigation, the finance report, and the Pres-
ident's message and the accompanying documents.
A much larger number of these books are printed
than arc actually required; but of the Patent Office
report 1 do not think we have printed too many.
I hope the gentleman from New York will modify
his amendment so that the number shall be sixty
instead of fifty thousand.
Mr. HAVEN, (interrupting.) If the gentle-
man will allow me, I will say that that is the
precise ground upon which I now stand. As I
understand the resolution, it proposes thirty thou-
sand for the use of the House, and ten thousand
for the use of the Patent Office. I propose to
make it fifty thousand for the use of the House,
and leave it ten thousand for the Patent Office—
making sixty thousand in all. Last year the
number was fifty thousand for the use of the
House, and ten thousand for the use of tjie Office
—making sixty thousand in all. If that is so, it
will be seen that my proposition is exactly in
accordance with the views of the gentleman from
South Carolina—in harmony with every word ho
has said, and he concurs with me in the motion I
have made.
One word further: I am certain the House can
make no complaint against me for voting away
the public money extravagantly. I am ready to
go for curtailment m every branch of the public
expenditures, except in such cases as this, in
winch the public, who attend to their own busi-
ness at home, have a great interest. We have
built here a large and magnificent building to
accommodate the Patent Office—for which the
mechanics of the country have mostly paid. They
pay into the Patent Office yearly thousands and
tens of thousands of dollars for fees to procure
patent rights, and it is in view of that fact that
we should respond with some reasonable degree
of liberality to that important interest of the coun-
try. It is true, as the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] says, that, under the present state of
things, no publisher would take this manusciipt
: and publish it as a matter of private speculation.
> Why? Because this House publishes a larger
number for gratuitous distribution. 1 can confi-
dently assure the gentleman, however, if this
gratuitous distribution were not made, he would
find a larger sale for this mechanical report of the
Patent Office than for most works which go before
| the country. Unless something new, or some
j new proposition upon this subject can be offered,
I I think this discussion has gone far enough, and
