432
34th Cong....1st Sess.
appendix to the congressional globe.
Powers of Congress over the Territories—Mr. Ritchie.
(April 24,
Ho. of Reps.
of the provisions or re^ufa/ions of this act, shall
be found within any of the U"lte^ States 
either of the Territories, such offenders may be
there apprehended, and transported to the Terri-
tory or ludicial district havmgjurisdiction of the
same " This is only one of a long series of acts
beginning in 1790, in which the whole power of
Government, civil and military,is exercised over
the Indian territory. By the laws of the United
States, made for the government of the Indian
territory, the punishment of murder committed
by one white man on another white man is death.
Under these laws, William S. Rogers was in-
dicted in the circuit court of the United States for
the district of Arkansas, for the murder of Jacob
Nicholson. He thereupon pleaded that both he
and Nicholson had been adopted as members ot
the tribe of Cherokee Indians. The case came
before the Supreme Court of the United States on
a writ of error. The court says, (unanimous
opinion by Chief Justice Taney:)
" It is oar duty to expound and execute the law as we
find it, and we think it too clearly established to admit of
dispute, that the Indian tribes residing within the territorial
limits of the United States are subject to their authority;
and where the country occupied by them is not within the
limits of one of the States, Congress may by law punish
any offense committed there, no matter whether the of-
fender be a white man or an Indian. Consequently, the
fact that Rogers had become a member of the tribe of Cher-
okees is no objection to the jurisdiction of the court, and
no defense to the indictment, provided the case is embraced
by the provisions of the act of Congress of 30th June, 1834,
(above cited.) By the twenty-eighth section of that act,
the prisoner, if found guilty, is undoubtedly liable to punish-
ment, unless he comes within the exception contained
within the proviso, which is that the provisions of that
section 'shall not extend to crimes committed by one
. Indian against the person or property of another Indian.'
The court then decides that, notwithstanding the adop-
tion of Rogers by the Cherokees, he was liable to punish-
ment, under the act, as a white man."
From the origin of the Government to this
time, all the powers of sovereignty, without stint
or limit, have been exercised by the United States
over the Indian territory. In establishing terri-
torial governments, theUnit6d States have granted
them such powers and imposed upon them such
restrictions as Congress thought proper. Con-
gress has conferred the whole power over terri-
tory of the United States upon one man. (Act
October 31, 1803, 2 Statutes, 245.) This act was
approved by Jefferson; and "all the military,
civil, and judicial powers" exercised by the offi-
cers of the Territory ceded by France to the
' United States, by the treaty of 30th April, 1803,
were, by the terms of this act, " to be vested in
such person and persons, and to be exercised in
such manner,as the President of the United States
should direct, for maintaining and protecting the
inhabitants of Louisiana in the free enjoyment of
their liberty, property, and religion." This power
was held by the President till the passage of the
act of 26th March, 1804. (2 Statutes, 283.) And
by this latter act the " legislative powers" were
vested in the Governor, and in tnirteen of the
most fit and discreet persons of the Territory,
called the Legislative Council, appointed annually
by the President of the United States from among
those holding real estate therein, and who had
resided one year at least in the Territory, and
held no office of profit under the Territory or
under the United States.
It is not easy to name any power of legislation
which Congress has not exercised over the Ter-
ritories, both organized and unorganized. It has
bestowed, as we have seen, the power of govern-
ing on one man, and it has made laws both per-
missive and restrictive on every subject, slavery
included, such as could be made only by those
having the whole power of legislation, without
limits other than those imposed by the nature of
the Government itself. The object of all our
governments—State and national—is to protect
life, liberty, and property, and to promote by
wise measures the pursuit of happiness and
Congress possesses, over the Territories, power
to enact such laws as are not prohibited in ex-
press terms by the Constitution of the United
States, or violative of the great purposes for
which the Governmentwas instituted. Nothing
can be clearer than this, not only from the words
of the Constitution itself, but from the uniform
course of the Government in all departments.
In the case of Prigg vs. Pennsylvania, (1G
Peters, 618,) the Supreme Court (opinion by
Judge Story) says, with reference to the consti-
tutionality of the fugitive slave law of 1793—
" Under such circumstances, if the question were one
of doubtful construction, such long acquiescence in it,
such cotemporaneous expositions of it, and such exten-
sive and uniform recognitions of its validity, would in our
judgment entitle the question to be considered at :
unless, indeed, the interpretation of the Constitution
be delivered over to interminable doubt throughout the
whole progress of legislation and of national operations.
Congress, the executive, and the judiciary have, upon
various occasions, acted upon this as a sound and reason-
able doctrine."
j This is sound law with reference to the consti-
tutionality of the fugitive slave act, and is equally
sound with reference to the originally much
clearer subject of the power of Congress over the
Territories. This same judge, in his Coipmen-
taries on the Constitution of the United States,
section 1322, says:
" The power of Congress over the public territory is
clearlv exclusive and universal, and their legislation, is sub-
ject io no control, but is absolute and unlimited, unless
so far as it is affected by stipulations in the cessions, or by
the ordinance of 1787, under which any part ot it has been
settled."
In the same work, (section 1319,) he says:
" No one has ever doubted the authority of Congress to
erect territorial governments within the territory of the Uni-
ted States under the general language of the clause ' to
make all needful rules and regulationsindeed, with the
ordinance of 1787, in the very view of the framers, as well
as of the people of the States, it is impossible to doubt that j
such a power was deemed indispensable to the purposes of .
the cessions made by the States. What shall be the form
of government established in the Territories depends exclu-
sively upon the discretion of Congress."
Judge Kent(l Com., 421, 422) says:
" Exclusive and unlimited power of legislation is given
j to Congress by the Constitution, and sanctioned by judicial
decisions."
Again he says:
" The general sovereignty existing in the Government of
the United States over its territories is founded on the Con-
stitution, which declared that Congress should have power
to dispose of, and make all needful rules and regulations re-
specting the territory or other property belonging to the Uni-
ted States."
Again he says, (page 424:)
" It would seem from these various congressional regu-
lations of the territories belonging to the United States, that
Congress have the supreme power in the government of
them depending on the exercise of their sound discretion."
Chief Justice Marshall (4 Wheaton, 422) says:
" All admit the constitutionality of a territorial
government;" and he makes no exception of the
subject of slavery as of one not within the scope
of such a government.
I have thus endeavored to maintain one of the
most firmly-established, most frequently-exer-
cised, and most necessary powers of Congress,
against the attacks upon it which have been
induced by the heat of political excitement. It
is true that no power ought to be exercised rashly
or vindictively—it is true that the Government
ought not to obey the dictates of party zeal or
animosity—but it would be suicidal to deny and
abandon, through fear or hope of party triumphs
or temporary abuses, powers essential to the
proper conduct and success of the Government.
Such a power is that over the Territories. We
have a vast domain lying open to the occupancy
of men from all the ends of the earth; and it is
essential that no institutions should be permitted
to grow upon them but such as are in narmony
with the habits and feelings of our people, and
the nature of the existing governments, State and
national. We must beware lest, in seeking to
avoid a temporary inconvenience, we fall into
great and irretrievable errors. The views, and
habits, and feelings of our people are sufficiently
harmonious on every question save that of negro
slavery. In the history of the world there has ,
been, thus far, no instance of so great a success
as ours, both with regard to territory and popu- \
lation, achieved by so small an expenditure of |
blood and treasure. The elements of a future j
progress, immeasurably more rapid than the past,,
are in our hands. If we use them with patience,
steadiness, and wSdom, the boundaries of our
prosperity will be those of our capacity for im-
provement. A rash conflictamong ourselves with
reference to slavery, or anything else, might
destroy thess prospects.
This is all true, and because it is true it was
unwise to repeal the prohibition of slavery in
the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska. That
repeal removed ancient landmarks, reopened set-
tled questions, and where we had harmony we
now have discord. But it was unwise for another
reason. A free white population is superior to a
black slave populaiion, and in founding a State
rest;ought to look to its future well-being. Gen-
is to Clemen on this floor often assert the inferiority of
the negro to the white man. Admitting the cor-
rectness of their opinion, it follows that the law
prohibiting the introduction of the inferior race
into Kansas and Nebraska ought not to have
been repealed. But apart from this question as
to races of men, the other question with regard
to the systems of slavery and freedom seems
forced upon this generation, and peculiarly upon
this nation, for some attempt atasolution. The-
oretically, who have asserted in the Declaration
of Independence, "that all men are created equal,"
and have the inalienable rights of " life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness." Practically, all
the inequalities of sex, of age, of physical and
mental varieties, and of legal freedom and slavery;
existed at the date of the Declaration, and hcve
continued to exist ever since among us. How
can this theory and these facts be reconciled?
How can the interests and passions enlisted in
the settlement of this question be harmonized ?
It is not probable that this can be accomplished,
either by denying and abandoning powers con-
ferred on us by the Constitution—powers neces-
sary in themselves and always hitherto exercised,
or by usurping powers not granted, and employ-
ing them under the direction of misguided and
sliort-sighted enthusiasts. If we could approach
this subject with the calm and clear perceptions
of true wisdom and benevolence, uninfluenced
by party or sectional animosities, or the desire
of party or sectional triumphs, the effects would
be more happy and glorious for us all than any
triumph could be for any section or any party.
Slavery is a thing to be prevented or avoided
wherever that is possible; but its evils are small
when compared with the abuses of power when
unwisely conferred upon those who are incapable
of using it properly. There would seem to be no
reason why this nation should not go far to work
out this problem of so great interest to all men,
of the real and necessary relations between free-
dom and slavery; of the point at which restraints
may be thrown off and freedom and power con-
ferred; and of that other point at which freedom
becomes abuse and invasion of the rights and
feelings of others, and calls again for external
restraints. He who imposes a needed restraint—
although he may not seem so gracious—is just as
humane as he who throws off one that is not
necessary; and tha one has no more right to
arrogate to himself all the humanity than the
other. The highest human qualities are certainly
those which require no restraint, but can act safely
in freedom; and for that reason it is right to
choose, wherever it can be obtained, a population
capable of freedom for planting a new Territory.
But seeing, as we all do, many races of men inca-
pable, at present, of any high degree of freedom,
it is not just to assail those who exercise author-
ity over them with harsh denunciations. The
progress of men from lower to higher forms ia
slow; and patience and gentleness are necessary,
as well as energy and ardor. It is proper to resist,
by force of arms, if necessary, the attempt of
tyrants to subjugate freemen to their sway.
But great caution is requisite in attempting to
change long-established relations. The cause of
freedom has found, and continues to find, its
greatest obstacles in the blind folly of a rash en-
thusiasm. The preposterous mistakes and con-
sequent failures of reformers furnish the weapons
by which the opponents of all progress defend
themselves. The deplorable results of enterprises
undertaken by men in a state of high excitement,
and laboring under mere delusions,are pointed at
as the only possible attainments of humanity be-
yond those now in our possession. The defense
of the one party is as well-founded as the attack
of the other; and people have often sought refuge
in the protection of a tyrant against the intoler-
able miseries of perpetual innovations made in
the name of liberty.
No true progress will be made save under the
guidance of the deliberate wisdom of men who
see clearly, and frankly admit, the obstacles which
