1168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9.
holders of these bounty land warrants have been
watching the progress of this bill, and will pounce
down upon the public domain, and so destroy the
value of this intended boon to the noble young
State which I have the honor in part to represent^
on this floor, and which will be sorely afflicted,"
indeed, if disappointed in her present just ex-
pectations; the news of the passage of the bill
through the House having been telegraphed to
all parts of the State.
This is a subject which is dear to me, and about
which I could talk all day, though I am no
speaker. I will not make another remark about
it, but simply ask the Senate not to refer the bill
to the Committee on Public Lands, but to act on
it at once, and in the spirit of generosity and of
consistency, too, which has always heretofore
characterized the body.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have a word to
say in reply to the Senator from Vermont. The
reason which he assigns for the reference of this
bill to the committee is the very reason that
would influence me not to refer it. He desires,
he tells us, to give gentlemen who are interested
in this matter a chance to be heard before the
committee. Who are they? Who is best qual-
ified to judge on a question of this nature? The
members of the State concerned, under their re-
sponsibility in the House of Representatives, and
the Senators from that State here. I am opposed
to permitting outsiders to influence the action of
Congress, and control the legislation of this
country. If these gentlemen are interested in
the subject, let them go to their Senators and
Representatives, and not go before a committee
with ex parte testimony to control or influence
the legislation of the country. The very reason
which the Senator from Vermont assigns for
his motion is an argument proving conclusively
to my mmd that no reference is necessary. We
have settled the general principle, time after time,
heretofore. Now the question for us to decide is,
whether there is anything beyond the principle
which we have assumed in the proposition before
us? If these gentlemen want another road, about
which 1 know nothing, let them present their bill
and wcwill consider it; but here is a bill matured
by the House of Representatives, with the con-
currence and assent of the members of the State
of Iowa, and the approval of her Senators, and
I can see no reason why we should gratify an
outside influence by sending it to a committee,
before whom they may go to argue it. I trust
that it may not be referred to the committee.
Mr. BIGGS. I very much admire the zeal of
the Senator from Iowa for his bill; but, really, it
seems to me extraordinary that the Senate should
be called upon to pass a bill of this vast import-
ance, immediately on its reception from the
House of Representatives, without any reference
or any knowledge on the part of Senators who
have not had the benefit of the information which
the Senator from Iowa and others possess in
regard to this matter.
Why, sir, I should like to know, as a Senator
who is called upon to vote for or against this
measure, to what extent the bill goes? How
many acres of land will it dispose oP Do we
know > I do not understand from any report by
a committee, or from any statement made m the
Senate, how far or to what extent this bill goes—
how many thousands or millions of acres are to
be appropriated by it. It seems to me very
strange, indeed, that the Senate should be called
upon to pass a bill granting alternate sections of
land for three or four railroads extending the
whole length nf the State of Iowa, without an ex-
amination and without information alForded to us
as to the extent of the grant.
_ The Senator from Tennessee says that we de-
cide nothing in this case but the principle. I
understand cpne differently. The principle in-
volved in this bill is the granting of alternate
sections of public land for internal improvements;
but by the determination of that principle, do we
decide to grant alternate sections to all railroads,
wheiever located, in the State of Iowa, and in all
the other new States where there are public lands ?
I understand not. If you accede to the principle
of giving alternate sections of the public lands to
aid in the construction of railroads, I suppose
that there must still be some discretion and super-
vision left in Congress to be exercised. Wherever
e. railroad may be determined by half a dozen
persons, or by a locality, Congress is not ex-
pected to grant land because they think it neces-
sary to make the appropriation. I think we have
some discretion in regard to it. Some inquiry
ought to be made in reference to the particular
location of these roads and the extent of the
public lands to be granted for them. It seems to
me strange that the Senate should be asked im-
mediately, without even an examination by a
committee of this body, to pass this bill in such
hot haste. I therefore concur entirely in the sug-
gestion, made by the Senator from Vermont, that
it is proper that the bill should be committed to
the Committee on Public Lands. Let it take the
course ordinarily pursued, even in regard to bills
of less magnitude than this, which are always
referred to the appropriate committees of the body
for examination.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. This matter has been
before the Committee on Public Lands at the pre-
sent session, though not exactly in the same form
in which it is presented by this bill. The same
question substantially has been presented to the
committee by a bill introduced by myself. It has
been before the Committee on Public Lands the
whole session. A majority, if not all the members
of the committee, have examined the question,
and are in favor of the bill, and have been ready
for some time to report it to the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. I see no occasion for the refer-
ence of this bill. The principle upon which it
rests is one familiar to the Senate, and upon
! which its judgment has been passed, session after
j session, for the last ten or fifteen years. The
• details of the bill are in precise conformity with
! the previous legislation of Congress, to which
j the Senate has given its sanction on repeated occa-
i sions. So far as the particular roads specified in the
! bill are concerned, it is sufficient forme that their
1 location is satisfactory to the delegation from
j the State of Iowa in the House and in the Senate.
They can form a better judgment on such a point
than this body or one of its committees. It is im-
material what may be the extent of the roads, or
the quantity of land which may be acquired by
the State under this grant, because she will get
no land except for roads which pass through the
public domain. If there be public domain through
which these roads pass, it is immaterial what the
location is. If the principle on which this legis-
lation rests be light, the public will receive the
same benefit from the increased value of the lands
which remain to the United States, whether the
location be on one line or another.
I am content, therefore, to vote on the bill at
once, without a reference to a committee. I do
not see that by a reference the Senate will bccome
any better informed in respect either to the prin-
ciple or the details of the bill than it already is,
or can now be by inquiry from the gentlemen
representing the State of Iowa. I see no occasion
for its rcfeiencc. I believe that the details of the
bill are satisfactory to the Committee on Public
Lands, and have received their sanction on fre-
quent occasions by repeated reports, and the vsanc-
tion of the Senate by the repeated passage of
similar bills. I hope the Senate will proceed to
a vote at once.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am opposed to the refer-
ence for the reason that this bill substantially has
been before the Senate heretofore, and has been
passed by this body several times. All the old
Senators are perfectly familiar with it. The sim-
ple question which it involves is the propriety of
granting public land in alternate sections to aid
in the construction of railroads. If there be any
roads in America that come fairly within this
principle which we have recognized heretofore as
proper, they are those embraccdm the presentbill.
The object of the reference is to give a hearing
to another company winch desires to insert an
additional road m the bill. I may be very strongly
in favor of that additional road. It runs across
my own State, and my constituents are deeply
interested in it, as they are in the roads provided
for in this bill; but 1 am not willing to run the
risk of killing this bill by putting an additional
road on it, when the delegation from Iowa are
satisfied with the bill as it is. In other words, in
regard to a grant, of this kind to any State, I
prefer to take the bill as the delegation from that
' State present it to us, both in respect to the num-
ber and the line of the roads, and I will vote for
or against it in that shape. I do not think it is
courteous or proper for others who are outsiders
to endeavor to put additional roads on their bill
beyond what they themselves present.
If a separate bill for the additional road shall
be properly brought forward, I will have no hes-
itation in giving it my vote. I think it a proper
road; but I am not willing to change the line of
policy .which the delegation from Iowa have
marked out for themselves, on a local measure,
and hazard their whole bill by putting on what
they are not asking for. Inasmuch as the only
object of the reference is to enlarge the bill—not
to strike out what it already contains—I prefer
that the propriety of that enlargement shall bo
decided upon in a separate bill, standing upon
its own merits, after this bill shall have become
a law of the land.
Mr. FOOT. I trust that 1 have not been un-
derstood as expressing any opposition at this
time to the merits of the bill. I may be in favor
of it; the inclination of my judgment is in favor
of it. Nor do I desire to interpose any unneces-
sary delay to the action of the Senate upon it;
but I do not think that it is one of such pressing
emergency as should call upon us to depart from
the ordinary course of business in this body, and
to deny a reference of so important a measure as
this is.
It is said that the principal objcct of the refer-
ence is to introduce another road. I am not aware
that such is the object; I should rather incline to
think that the more material objcct was to strike .
out one or two roads already in the bill. It pro-
vides for the construction of four roads nearly
across the State. At any rate, it fixes four start-
ing points, though one road, I believe, terminates
before it reaches the western line of the State.
I desire no unnecessary delay to the action of
the Senate upon this bill, but 1 ask of it a refer-
ence to the appropriate committee—the Commit-
tee on Public Lands—not for an ex 'parte hearing,
but that all the parties interested, if they choose
to go before that committee, may do so, and be
heard upon it.
The bill is undoubtedly satisfactory to the mem-
bers and Senators from the State of Iowa. If it
provided for six, or eight, or ten roads, instead
of three or four, it would doubtless be still more
satisfactory to them—it would be to myself if I*
were a citizen of that State. Is that an argument
why the United States—the proprietors of these
lands—should not be heard upon it, or heard
through their committees? Is it the State of
Iowa, or her Representatives and Senators, hon-
orable and worthy and high-minded as they are,
who are alone interested? Their judgment ana
opinioifs are entitled to weight, and receive great
weight and consideration in this body; but all the
people of the United States—all the Representa-
tives and all the Senators of the other States—are
interested in a grant of public lands, and they have
a right to be heard upon it.
I will venture to say—I think I have the assent
of my associates on the Committee of Public
Lands for saying—that we will take up this bill
( for consideration at our first meeting, which is
I on Thursday next, and report upon it the follow-
ing morning; there shall be no delay; but I do
ask that this bill may take the ordinary course,
and be referred to the appropriate committee, so
that the parties who have requested a hearing
befoie that committee may have the opportunity,
and the Senators and Representatives from the
State may also be heard, if they desire it, at the
same time. It would be a very extraordinary
course of proceeding to deny such o reference.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 wish to call the attention of
the Senate for a moment to what I think to be a
mistaken view of the subject which is taken by
the Senator from Vermont. The object of the
reference seems to be, as I understand him, that
parties who conceive themselves to be interested
m this question may have an opportunity of
being heard before the committee. Sir, there can
be no parties here except the Government of the
United States and the State of Iowa. This is a
grant to the State of Iowa to aid her in the con-
struction of roads. There arc no other parties;
and we can recognize no other parties. The bill
grants no lands to any parties. The grant is to
the State of Iowa; and we are bound to suppose
that that State, through her legislative power, will
see that justice is done to all who may have an
interest in this matter. If there be any outside
