1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr, Brown.
Senate.
lie in the way; at the same time that they are an-
imated by the firm belief that the sickening scenes !
of fraud and violence which crowd the records
of the historical period are not the highest man-
ifestations of whieh men are capable—are not, in
fact, anything but dreadful disorders arising from
the violation of the true laws of man's nature,'
or, in other words, of the Divine commandments.
Manv relations arising from this disorderly state
of things, although not in themselves good, are
successfully defended against attempts at changes
which would only produce greater evils. View-
ing the matter in this light, we may hope the day
will come when the rulers and the rulea, the bond
and free, will find that, contrary perhaps to their
own intentions, they have been made useful the
one to the other, ana led in the only possible way
to results more blessed than any one has ever
anticipated. ,
admission of kansas.
SPEECH OF HON. A. G. BROWN,
of mississippi,
Ik the Senate, JlprU 38,1856.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having under
consideration the bill to authorize the people of the Terri-
tory of Kansas to form a Constitution and State Govern-
ment, preparatory to their admission into the Union when
they have the requisite population—
Mr. BROWN said: With the indulgence of the
Senate, I propose to submit a thought or two on
some of the points involved in this debate.
I will not enter the list with those whose range
is over the whole wide field which this Kansas
question has opened up; but shall confine myself
to a few points on which I think the controversy
mainly rests—points which I believe lie further
back than most of our speakers have yetgone. To
whom does the proprietorship of the Territories
belong? How far does the legislative authority of
Congress extend over the Territories ? What are
the political rights of the inhabitants there, and in
whom does the sovereignty reside ? These are
the points which I mean, not separately, but col-
lectively, to consider. It is time we had come to
an understanding on these points; a failure to do
so at the proper time has, I think, involved us in
much of the embarrassment which we now suffer
It will be seen at once that the line of argument
which I have marked out for myself will lead me
to consider, to some extent, the doctrine of
"squatter sovereignty." This doctrine, how-
ever well designed by its authors, has, in my
judgment, been the fruitful source of half our
troubles. Before the people of the two sections
of the Union having—as they supposed, though t
I think erroneously—hostile interests, and already
inflamed by angry passions, were invited into
the country, we, who gave them laws, should
have defined clearly and distinctly what were,to
be their rights after they got there. Nothing .
should have been left to construction. I believed
when the Kansas bill waapassed that it conferred
on the inhabitants of the Territories, during their
territorial existence, no right to exclude, or in any
wise to interfere with, slavery. I then thought,
and still think, it the duty of the law-making
power in a Territory to treat all property alike; J
to give the same protection to one species of prop- 1
erty that it gives to another. But I knew at the
time, and still know, that others were of a differ-!
ent opinion. Many, whose opinions I am accus-1
tomed to respect, believed that the law-makers '
could discriminate against slave property. It is1
time we had settled this delicate and perplexing
question. To me it is, therefore, a source of un-;
feigned satisfaction that the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] has brought forward this bill. I
see in it the germs of a final and lasting settlement
on a firm and a solid basis. It carries out the ■
original design of the Kansas-Nebraska act as I
understood it. It fixes the period at which the
inhabitants of a Territory may ask its admission
into the Union as a State; and the report by
which it is accompanied denies all sovereignty in
the Territory during its territorial existence. If.
we pass it, it will be done, I hope, on the distinct
understanding that, hereafter, a Territory can
only ask admission into the Union as a State j
■New Sebies—No. 28
after it is ascertained by a census, lawfully taken,
that it has the required Federal population to en-
title it to at least one Representative in Congress,
and upon the further understanding that the sov-
ereignty is not in the Territory, but that it is in
abeyance, held by the States or the United States
in trust for the Territory until its admission as a
State.
The advocates of State-rights have always held
that the Territories are the common property of
the States; that one State has the same interest
in them as another; and that a citizen of one
State has the same rights togo to them as a citi-
zen of any other State. The corollary, there-
fore, has been, that a citizen of any one State has
the same right as a citizen of any other State to
go into the Territories and take with him what-
ever is recognized as property in the State from
, which he goes. Thus, if a citizen of Massachu-
setts may go and take with him a bale of goods,
a citizen of Tennessee may go and take a barrel
j of whisky; and if a citizen of New York may
go and take a horse, a citizen
11 may
go and take a slave. It must be so, or else the
equality of the parties is destroyed—Tennessee
becomes inferior to Massachusetts, and the rights
of a Mississippian are inferior td those of a New
Yorker.
This doctrine finds opposition nowhere but
among the advocates of that uncertain theory
which some call territorial sovereignty, others
popular sovereignty, and others again squatter
sovereignty—a theory which the author of this
bill so well combats in the declaration " that the
sovereignty of a Territory remains in.abeyance,
suspended in the United States, in trust for the
people, until they shall be admitted into the Union
as a State." To this declaration I give my as-
sent. It would, perhaps have been more exact to
have said that the sovereignty is in the States;
but if it is in the United States as a trust, it can
never be used by the trustee for his own pur-
poses; and therefore, while it may not be so
sound in theory, it will be found quite as safe in
practice, to admit that it is in the United States.
I have said that the States were equal and had
equal rights in theTerritories; and I have thereby
admitted that Massachusetts is equal to Missis-
sippi, and has all the rights in the Territories
which I claim for Mississippi. If this equality
does not exist, why does it not? Did it never
exist, or has it been destroyed ? That it did exist,
is manifest from the very nature and structure of !
the Government under which we live. The States
were equal before they adopted the Constitution, i
and they entered the Confederacy as equals, j
That the equality has not been destroyed, is I
proven by the organization of this body, in which
the smallest State has two votes, and the largest
has no more. The States were equals out of the
Union—they are equals in it.
The power which can destroy the equality of
the States must be that supreme power which we
call the sovereignty—the power in the State which
is superior to all other powers. ,
Where does this power reside? Is it,in Con-
gress ? May Congress exercise the power of a
sovereign in the Territories ?
The doctrine of congressional' sovereignty I
understand to be denied in the report which ac-
companies this bill. The eminent and distin-
guished author of that report [Mr. Douglas]
reposes the sovereignty in the United States in
trust for the Territory, until it becomes a State.
•I need hardly use an argument to show that a
trustee cannot use a trust for his own purposes,
nor for purposes not clearly embraced in the
deed. A fund held in trust for an infant, to be
delivered when he comes of age, must be held
without waste, and delivered to him without de-
duction at the proper time. The same rule, I
apprehend, will hold as between the United States
and a Territory.
If Congress may, at pleasure, use a trust con-
fided to the United States for the benefit of a Ter-
ritory, so as to exclude slavery from that Terri-
tory, then there can be no reason why Congress
may not, in the exercise of the same trust, ex-
clude spirituous liquors, foreign and domestic
foods, or anything else that offends the preju-
ices or excites the passions of the trustee, or, I
should rather say, the representative ofthe trustee,
for Congress is but the representative of the Uni-
ted States.
I am not going to discuss the constitutional
power of Congress to exclude slavery from the
Territories. If the argument on that point "has
not already been exhausted, it has at least be-
come threadbare. It is asserted and maintained
h with great unanimity, by all sound Democrats,
that Congress has no such power. If Congress
has not tlie authority, who nas ? Where does it
reside ? Is it in the Territorial Legislature ?
| What is a Territorial Legislature ? It is the crea-
ture of Congress. Can Congress confer powers
it does not itself possess? Can the creature de-
rive powers which do not belong to the creator?
Can the stream rise higher than its source? The
; manifest answer to all these questions must be,
no. Congress can confer on the Territories just
such powers as itself possess, and none other;
and as Congress does not possess this power, it
i cannot confer it on the Territorial Legislature.
| The excluding of slavery, or any other prop-
! erty,from a country, is a high act of sovereignty.
; If Congress, representing the party holding the
, | sovereignty in trust, may exercise this power, then
Congress ceases to be the mere agent of a trustee,
and becomes the owner and paramount title-
holder. If the Territorial Legislature may ex-
clude slavery, or otherwise exercise the rights of
sovereignty in the Territory, it must do it by
virtue of a special grant from the trustee; but if
the United States invests the Territory with that
sovereignty, or any part of it which it holds in
trust to be delivered up when the Territory
becomes a State, it abuses its trust—as much so
as if a guardian, holding property in trust foran
infant ward, to be delivered when the ward be-
comes of age, abuses his trust if he deliver the
property during the minority of the ward.
These reflections have been produced by no
disposition to carp at, or find fault with, any one's
doctrines or opinions, but from an earnest desire
to reach wise, and salutary conclusions as to what
is the true theory on this troublesome point.
There seems to be a certain undefined idea in
the -minds of some men that the sovereignty of a
Territory is inherent in the people of a Territory;
that it came to them from on high—a sort of
political manna, descended from heaven on these
children of the forest. This doctrine, I confess,
is a little too ethereal for me; I do not comprehend
it; but this I know—if the sovereignty is in the
people of the Territory, whether they obtained it
from God or men, the conduct of this Govern-
ment towards them is most extraordinary. It is
nothing short of downright usurpation and des-
potism. We have now seven Governors ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to" govern the seven
j Territories of the United States. We have seven
■ different sets of territorial judges, appointed in the
j same way, to expound the laws for the seven
; Territories. We have marshals to arrest, and
district attorneys to prosecute, the inhabitants of
these sovereignties in their own country. We
require the Territories to legislate in obedience to
our acts; and, lest they may go astray, we some-
times oblige them to send up their laws for
our approval. It has happened, time and time
again, that their legislation has fallen under the
disapprobation of Congress, and thereby became
void. What a mockery to disclaim the sover-
eignty yourselves, declare that it is in the people
of the Territory, and then send a governor to rule
them, judges to expound their laws, marshals to
arrest, and district attorneys to prosecute them;
and, finally, to require these sovereigns to send
up their laws for your sanction; and then, by
your disapproval, to render them null!
t If the sovereignty is not in Congress, and not
in the Territories, you ask me where is it ? The
question has been answered by the Senator from
Illinois in the very able report which accompa-
nies this bill. He says " it is in abeyance, sus-
pended in the United States in trust for the people
of the Territories, until they are admitted into the
Union as a State." I have already indicated my
entire willingness to adopt this answer, though I
should have answered somewhat differently my-
self. I should have said it is in the States, or, if
you please, in the people of the States.
It may be well, in this connection, to give my
