1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
per acre—not $1 25 per acre; and they cannot be
taken up by bounty land warrants; the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office and the Sec-
retary of the Interior having decided that bounty
land warrants cannot be located upon lands granted
oi reserved for railroad purposes. I say, there-
fore, that all the reserved sections will sell for at
least 50 per aero. The money from these sales
goes into the Treasury, and Kentucky of course
gets her quota of this money.
Now, I wish to say that these roads are na-
tional in their character. I believe, and I have
good reason for believing, that if you pass this
bill the first road to the Pacific occan will run
through the State of Iowa. I know that my
southern friends think otherwise; they suppose
that railroad must go to the South; but that is a
race in which we wish to be engaged. The people
of the State of Iowa have impoverished them-
selves by buying the public lands and improving
them. They now ask that you will make them
these grants of land that they may reap some ben-
efit from the proceeds of their farms and other
improvements. Do so, and they will complete
these roads, in my opinion, in less than three
years; and then from the road which terminates
at or near Sioux City, on the Missouri river, we
will build a road to the South Pass, along the mar-
gin of the Eau-qui-cours river. Another road will
be built—the Burlington and Davenport, from the
southern part of our State, to the mouth of the Platte
river, and thence up that river to the same South
Pass, uniting with the two roads which are being
constructed from St. Louis and Hannibal, in Mi.x-
souri, a southern State. Thence tSie four roads
an; ■>.> be united to make their way in one route
to San Francisco, with a branch, perhaps, to Ore-
gon. Encourage these magnificent enterprises,
and my word for it the Atlantic States will, at no
distant day,, be united to those on the Pacific
ocean—a desideratum earnestly sought for by the
people of the United States, but for which nodefi-
nitc scheme has been devised to the satisfaction
of Congress. Make the grants of land as pro-
posed by the distinguished Senator from Califor-
nia, and you will soon see the iron hotse crossing
the Rocky Mountains, regardless of the deep
snows of which my southern tiiends have so fre-
quently spoken on this door.
But, sir, does my friend from Kentucky know,
that ileally all the grants of land which have
been made for railroads have been for the benefit |
of southern States, and not for the benefit of a
single northern State by itself? You may tell me
of Illinois; but the Illinois Central railroad bill,
with all the power of the "little giant," could
never have been passed if Kentucky, Tennussec,
and Alabama had not been attached to it. When
we came to the Missouri bil!, my old college-
mate and class-mate, General Atchison, came
from your chair, sir, to me, and said, '• George,
don't you kill my bill by attaching, or trying"to
ingraft, your bill onit." " Well," said I, " Davy,
1 will not do it;" [laughter;] and so that proposi-
tion was deferred. In the case of the Arkansas
bill, the same appeal was made to me by my
friend, [Mi. John-son.] When the Arkansas
bill came up for consideration in this Chamber,
my noble and distinguished friend, now our Min-
ister at Madrid, (Mr. A. C. Dodge,) came across
to me from the seat which his gallant and bravo
old father now occupies, and said to me, " Col-
league, let us amend this bill by adding Iowa to
Arkansas." I said, " 1 will not do it; Cob is our
good iriend, and 1 will not do it." [Laughter.]
So, sir, his bill also passed, as had those for Illi-
nois, with Kentucky, Tennessee, and Alabama
attached to it, and that for Missouri. I rejoiccd
in their success, and only ask now that equal ■
justice lie meted out to my constituents. I pro- 1
cured, with the consent of her then Senators, j
[Messrs. Douglas and Shields,] an amendment !
to that Illinois Central railroad bill which con- :
tmued the grant to Dubuque, m the State of Iowa, i
on the Mississippi river. Its importance to Iowa,
as well as to Illinois, and to the country, is now
felt and admitted by all, though at the time
there were narrow-minded and selfish people who
objected to it, and who censured their Senators
for consenting to allow me to do a good thins.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I discover that these
gentlemen have been very generous with each
other. Let them treat us in the same spirit. We,
the representatives of the old States, look on
goodnaturcdly, and allow the younger States to
have their frolic in their own way.
Mr. JONES, *of Iowa. Do it once more?
[Laughter.] —.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 01 expect to do it, but
in due season. I cxpect to do it in this very
instance. I wish only the ordinary preparatives
for such a sacrifice. Let the bill go to the com-
mittee, and let it come with all the coloring that
the report of the committee can give it; but I
must tell my friend from Vermont, that if he has
the remotest purpose of amending the bill so as
to make five railroads I cannot go for it. [Laugh-
ter.] I am thoroughly opposed to these schemes,
no matter who is to be heard. There are enough
in the bill now, in all conscience.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, I will not say that such
is the intention of the Senator from Vermont,
but T know that it is the intention of the gentle-
men who have implored him to have the bill re-
ferred to the committee. They came to me and
intrusted their secret, telling me that I would get
another road for my State; but I do not ask for
i t—I ask for this as it has passed the House, and
for which my people and Legislature have peti-
tioned.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish gentlemen of
the new States to understand that we comprehend
the subject in all its workings. It has a begin-
ning; it has n middle; and it has an end. They
tell .us, when tney come for the first appropriation
of land, that a..ernatc sections only are claimed
by them; that the United States are to hold the
reserved sections, and they are to be held at
double price, $2 50 per acre; so that, it is said,
we lose not one cent, for the money goes to the
Treasury, and inures to the benefit of old Ken-
tucky as well as all the other old States. To be
sure it does; but what becomes of it afterwards?
I think my friend from Michigan [Mr. Stuart]—
he who has such a paternal and anxious solici-
tude for all the public interests of the lakes and
elsewhere which are to be provided for out of the
Treasuiy of the United States—has already a bill
for purchasing from us at half price all these re-
served lauds by the new States—a grand system
which is to leave us no more trouble about details,
but is to authorize the new States to purchase the
alternate sections, own them themselves, and pay
us one dollar or one dollar and a quarter per acre
for them on ten years' credit. This is diminishing
the value to Kentucky very considerably of her
minute portion of what will go into the public
Treasuiy. Besides, what becomes of the money
received from the land thus diminished in value,
if the States are not to got it under the bill to
which I have alluded, permitting them to take it
at their own price and on their own credit? Then
what is proposed by my friend from Michigan
and other friends—I only allude to him because
he is signal in his exertions, lnsgigantic exertions
for the interests of the new States, and particu-
larly their interests on the lakes? What does he
then do with the money that comes in—the $2 50
per acrc for the reserved lands of the United
States? He has here eleven bills now waiting,
and demanding audience of us — eleven bills
making appropriations of §500,000 or more within
the limits of Michigan, for improvements on the
lake shores.
What will be left to old Kentucky, according
to this system? I only desire, gentlemen of the
new States, that you should understand that old
Kentucky comprehends this whole subject just
as well as you do. She knows just as well as
jrou do where this money, whatever of it comes
into the Treasury, is to go—to her pocket none
of it; not a dollar of it will ever find its way there,
and I am not sorry for it. There is no patronage
to travel along in company with these pecuniary
and official advantages; and if it leaves us poor,
it leaves us unblemished by public patronage, and
by public money. I thank God for that.
I wish my friend from Iowa, and all others
similarly situated, to understand that wo com-
prehend this whole subject, and that what we
give we give in a spirit of generous and liberal
policy, not feeling ourselves compensated by any
selfish considerations whatever. It is in a gen-
erous spirit of union and of brotherhood, which
makes us willing to see our neighbors flourish
even by means which are denied to ourselves.
Take it upon that footing, and I am willing to
give. I am not willing to be hoodwinked; lam
not willing to be taught that I am giving for a
consideration when there is no consideration. 1
desire, at least, to have the credit of giving gen-
erously to the new States, and I desire them to
comprehend the bounty and the generosity with
which they are treated by other States of the
Union, that they may be bound to us and to it
firmer and faster. That is the reason upon which
I act. My course is influenced by these consid-
erations; I do not believe that we can do any bet-
ter; I do not believe that wo can, in any form or
shape, or by any power which we'possess, derive
any pecuniary advantage to the old States from
this domain; and I am, therefore, willing to see
it go, in a liberal course of policy, for general im-
provements, in which some little interest may
reach every member of the Union, some little
facility, some little advantage but in order to
secure that little advantage we ought to look to
the system of roads that we are called upon to
construct. .That is a reasonable request, and I
want this bill committed for that purpose.
I have availed myself of this occasion to ex-
press these sentiments, which were not, perhaps,
expressly adapted to the points now under con-
sideration. I am in favor of the bill going to the
committee.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the motion
made by the Senator from Vermont is certainly
a reasonable one, and I vote against it with a great
deal of reluctance; but we are assured by the Sen-
ator from Iowa that, if this .bill should lie over
for several days or weeks, much of the land to be
appropriated to these roads will be taken up by
the thousands of land warrants which we have
profusely scattered over the country.
Mr. FOOT. If my friend from Massachusetts
will yield the floor for a moment, I will state a
proposition to manifest my own personal dispo-
sition, as well as the disposition of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, of which I have the honor
to be a member, to afford every possible facility
to the speedy action of the Senate on this bill,
without departing from the ordinary course of
proceeding, and denying a reference of a bill of
this importance to the appropriate committee. My
proposition is, that, m the event of its reference
to the committee, we will hold a special meeting
to-morrow to devote ourselves to its consideration
and examination, and will report it back to this
body on Monday morning. That is the next
session of the Senate, and that is as early as the
bill can bo passed, even without reference, be-
cause a single objection to its third reading to-day
will throw it over until that time. I say, then—■
I think I am authorized to say so by a portion of
the committee, and I have no, doubt with the
assent of all the members of the committee—that
this subject shall be passed upon by the com-
mittee to-morrow, and reported upon on Monday
morningg
Mr. 1JBNES, of Iowa. I desire to appeal to
my friends in the Senate not to accede to that
proposition. Why should this bill be referred
to the committee ? The question has been before
tliem for the whole of this session. It has been,
for the last eight years, before as many of them
as have belonged to the committee during that
time. A similar bill has been introduced by my-
self year after year for the last eight years. ]f
it should be referred to the committee now, they
will report it back in the identical words in which
it is now before the Senate. Why refer to them
a matter which they understand as well as their
A, B, C's, to be, brought back in the same form in
which it is now presented? I have an assurance
from them that they will do it; I know they will
do it; but I shall have the same difficulty on Moil-
day that I had to-day, to get the bill considered
by the Senate; and now, when it is brought fairly
before us by a large majority of the votes of the
Senate, I hope we shall consider it, and decide it.
Mr. WILSON. The honorable Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] representing one
of the older States, tells us that he has nothing
to hope for his State from the distribution of the
public lands, or of their proceeds. Sir, J too, rep-
resent an old Commonwealth, and I expect no di-
rect benefits to Massachusetts from the distribution
of the public domain, or from the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands; but I shall vote at all times
and on all occasions to grant to the new States—
to the land States—liberal portions of the public
domain for railway purposes. Sir, I believe that
