186$.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
435
34th Gong.... 1st Sess.
Clayton-Bulwer Treaty—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
slaveholding States, because they chose to ex-
clude slavery; others have been admitted as slave-
holding States because they chose to hold slaves-.
Congress, in the days of their incipiency, did not
.undertake to mold and fashion their institutions.
If other States are to be admitted on " an equal
•fooling in all respects whatsoever," Congress
must preserve a like course of non-intervention
in their domestic affairs in the days of their in-
.cipiency. If Congress has no other power than
to give an organic law to the Territory—if, in the
language of the report, ".the authority cannot
extend beyond that point," then it is clear Con-
gress has not, because it-could not, confer upon
the Territory the right to exclude slavery; and
if, as is pertinently said in another part of the
same report, " the rights, and privileges" of the
people of the Territory "are all derived from the
Constitution, through the «cis of Congress," and
" they have no inherent Sovereign right to annul
the laws" which Congress has given them, it
becomes equally clear that they have no author-
ity derived from any quarter—either the Consti-
tution, the acts of Congress, or the God of nature,
•during their period of territorial ejyatence, to
exclude slavery. Such is my understanding of
the report—such I believe to be the true intent
and meaning of its author; and so understanding,
and so believing, I give to the report my cordial
and unqualified indorsement and approval.
If, contrary to the opinions I have expressed,
and contrary to the opinions so clearly indicated
in the report of the committee, the people of a
Territory have the right to exclude slavery, or
other State institutions or property, it follows, as
a matter of course, that a Territory is as much a
sovereignty as a State. .Nebraska is equal in
dignity to Virginia; and Kansas may do within
her limits whatever South Carolina may do within \
hers. A Territory may, and of right ought to, \
elect its own Governor, appoint its oiyn judges, :
make and expound its own laws, and, in short,
do whatever a free and independent State may,
of right, do. Kansas would, in fact, be superior
in many respects to South Carolina. That ven-
erable and patriotic State, having joined the Con-
federacy , has parted with her right to make treaties
and form alliances; but Kansas being, a sover-
eignty out of the Union, I can conceive of nothing
that is to prevent her from making treaties, con-
tracting alliances, or doing anything else which
.a sovereignty may do, even to the extent of uniting
.her destiny with that of England or Prance. If
an incipient State is equal to an existing State on
jthe subject of slavery, I cannot, for the life of
me, see why the equality does not extend to
everything else; but I can and do see that a State
in the Union has parted with many of her polit-
ical rights, whereas a State out of the Union has
parted with none of hers; and, therefore, that it
is better to be a State out of the Union than a
State in it.
1 cannot close my remarks on this branch of
- the subject without thanking the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] for his powerful
vindication of the constitutional rights of ail sec-
tions of the country. While he deajs justice to
. the South with a liberal hand, fie ,deducts not one
' jot nor tittle from the equal rights of thie North.
. He holds the scales of justice in equal balance
between the two sections. This fill- /air-minded
men must applaud. For myself, I ask nothing
more, and will accept nothing less.
A word more, Mr. President,and I have done.
In passing the Kansas bill,. Congress, in my
opinion, committed one error; and out of that
. error has grown much of the confusion and dis-
cord which have ever since distracted the inhabit-
ants of the Territory. ,It was just to repeal the
• Missouri restriction; but it was unwise to leave
the inhabitants of the Territory in doubt as to
the extent of their real powers. It was a griev-
ous error not to have defined precisely what we
meant " by leaving the people of the Territory
perfectly free to form and regulate their domestic
institutions in their own way." The report of
the committee, and the bill under consideration,
propose to correct that error. The report defines
with accuracy and precision what are the rights
of the Territory during its territorial existence;
and the bill proposes to authorize the Legislature
of the Territory to provide by law for the election
of delegates by the people, and the assembling
of a convention to form a constitution and State
government, preparatory to their admission into
the Union on an equal footing with the original
States, so soon as it shall appear, by a census to
be taken under the direction of the Governor, by
the authority of the Legislature, that the Terri-
tory contains ninety-three thousand four hundred
and twenty inhabitants—that being the number
required by the present ratio of representation
for a member of Congress.".
This is as it should be. It points to the time
and circumstances under which Kansas may seek
and receive admission into the Union as a State.
When she seeks admission according to the terms
prescribed in this bill, she shall receive it if my
vote will give it to. her, and I will not inquire
I whether her constitution sanctions or excludes
i slavery.
| J have always believed, and now declare, that
whenever a census has been fairly taken, and the
I result hfus shown that a Territory has the Federal
population to. entitle it to one Representative in
t Congress, it has the right to form a Republican
I constitution and ask admission into the Union as
[ a State; and I now give notice to all whom it may
concern, that I will vote in all cases for the ad-
! mission of States thus applying, without a why
I ora wherefore, and without stopping to inquire
(.whether their proposed constitutions recognize or
; prohibit slavery.
- If this bill passes, as I sincerely trust it. may,
we shall have esUiUisl^ed a precedent that will
| stand, I hope, as $ landmark and a guide in all
1 tiipe to come. It will fix a period at which the
people ofa Territory, acting within the purview of
the Constitution, in obedience to the authority
.of Congress rightfully exercised, and with the
entire consent of all the people, may peaceably
assemble and decide the slavery question for
themselves. When they have thus decided, there
;will doubtless be a universal acquiescence. Pas-
sion will subside; reason will resume her domin-
ion; there will be no further cause of bickering;
and we shall say with one, voice, to all the Terri-
tories, " Go thou and do likewise."
P:
fa
clayton-bglwer treat y.
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. CLAYTON,
of delaware,
In Senate, March 17, 1856.
The Senate having under consideration th« motion to
refer to'tbe Committee on Foreign Relations the Letter of
LBrd Jotm Russell, of January 19,1853, in reference to the
Clayton-Bulger Treaty, ■ "t
Mr. CLAYTON said: Mr. President, availing
myself of the indulgence of the Senate to address
it during the morning hour, I will commence my
remarks by a reply to some of the observations
which have been made during this discussion on
the interpretation of the treaty of the 19th April,
There has been during the debate an extraor-
dinary degree of unanimity among the merpbers
of this body in regard' to the construction of
that instrument. There has jiot, indeed, been
any diversity of opinion in the Senate on the
main questions of difference between us and Great
Britain. Honorable gentlemen here all agree to
repudiate, as utterly unworthy of their regard,
that new construction of this treaty wh'ich de-
dares that the instrument is one which ca,n have
only what Lord Clarendon is now pleased to
call " a prospective operation"—in other words,
one which leaves Great • Britain in- possession
of a portion of Central America, and of atl the
rights which she enjoyed there prior to making !
the treaty, while it debars us from the acquisition
of a foot of territory in all that country. In ref-
erence to'this point I have heard no difference of
opinion in Congress, and I So not suppose it pos-
sible there can be any difference of opinion. It
has been said, and said with perfect truth, by hon-
orable gentlemen during this debate, that this new
construction of the treaty is one which they never
heard of before the late publication of Lord Clar-
endon's correspondence with Mr. Buchanan. I
have seen in one of the public prints in this city
an attempt to excuse Great Britain by saying this
was not a new construction of the treaty, and
citing as authority for the statement a letter writ-
ten by Lord Clarendon to Mr. Crampton, which
was laid before the Senate in 1854, upon a call
of the honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Cass.] Sir, that letter contains no intimation of
such an interpretation.
It is said in that dispatch, with great ambiguity
or obscurity of language by the writer, that the
treaty was to go into operation whenever its own
provisions were carried out, and not before; but
it was left to everybody to imagine what that could
mean, and I have never yet found the first man who
could give a rational interpretation of that part
of the dispatch. I inquired, on one occasion, of
the British Minister himself, and he said he sup-
posed it was intended that the treaty should go
into operation when the limits were settled be-
tween Nicaragua, Costa Rica, and New Granada.
But never, until the correspondence between Mr.
Buchanan and Lord Clarendon was published to
the world, did any man find, in any British dis-
patch, or in any paper, this new pretension that
the treaty was to be prospective in its operation
—by which is meant, that Great Britain is to
surrender no rights whatever that she ever held
in Central America. It was till then unheard of,
and, as such, it was denounced by Mr. Buchanan
in one of those able letters addressed by him to
Lord Clarendon, which have added so much to his
former fame as a jurist and a statesman.
There is nothing in the correspondence, noth-
ing in the actual transactions between the two
Governments, that could warrant any man in put-
ting such a construction on the convention. I
look upon it as an attempt on the part of the
British Ministry to evade the treaty, and such an
attempt as cannot be sustained in Great Britain
itself, nor among any set of intelligent and un-
arejudiced men in any part of the globe. A single
'act alluded to by our Minister refutes it. Great
Britain, after the signature, and before the ex-
change of ratifications, made her declaration that
the treaty did not include Belize or British Hon-
duras, and refused to exchange unless with that
understanding. If the treaty did not then, in the
opinion of her Ministry, include Belize, or affect
any then-existing interest of Great Britain, why
was this declaration insisted on as a sine qua non 1
This fact, independent of the plain and unequiv-
ocal language of the treaty, shows' that the con-,
struction now resorted to by Lord Clarendon is
an afterthought",. Another fact alluded to by my
honorable friend from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
in the progress of his able speech on this subject
is equally decisive. He stated his belief that,
before the signature of the treaty, the British Plen-
ipotentiary was distinctly notified by me of the
meaning we attached to the word " occupy," as
used in that instrument. Without inquiring into
the source from which he obtained his informa-
.'tion, I see no good reason why I should not state
the fact. It is true that, at a period after an ex-
perimental projet containing the first clause of the
first article th&d been submitted to both Govern-
ments, and rejected by ours, I did address a note
to Sir Henry L. Bulwer, in'which I defined the
word " occupy" as it is defined in the dictionaries
of the English language, " to take or keep pos-
session." Tha clause in that projet to which I
referred, provided that neither party should " oc-
cupy, fortify, colonize, or assume, or exercise any
dominion in any part of Central America," &c.
The British Plenipotentiary therefore unques-
tionably (fori have full proof of the fact as I
state it) did understand what we meant by the
treaty, and of this Lord Clarendon must be well
aware. I have yet to learn, and I do not .believe,
that Sir Henry L. Bulwer has ever lent his sanc-
tion to the new construction now set up by Lord
Clarendon.
But, passing over this matter as hardly worthy
of discussion, I come to another subject whicn
requires some remark from me. One Senator,
[Mr. Wilson,] and one only, while concurring
with all the rest of us in the American construc-
tion as laid down by Mr. Buchanan, in all other
respects, has contended, in the course of the de-
bate, that the colony of the Bay Islands, compre-
hending the islands of Roatan, Barbarat, Helena,
Morat, Utilla, and Bonaca, situated about three
