1172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 9,
Iowa, that would be more completely tributary
to the interests of the nation than this one, which
has received the approbation of the Committee
on Public Lands of the House of Representatives,
arid which has passed the House of Representa-
tives with the conscnt and approval of tne repre-
sentatives in that House of the State of Iowa,
and which is here maintained and defended as
satisfactory to themselves and their constituents,
by the two Senators from that State? The State
of Iowa can make no railroads for itself which
will be beneficial or advantageous to the State,
which will not be at. the same time eminently
national in their character, and therefore most
beneficial to the people of the United States, It
is to stultify the representatives of the State of
Iowa, to suppose that they would take these
grants for the purpose of wasting the publiclands
in improvements, which would be less than the
most beneficial possible to the State which they
represent, and whose interest is identical with
that of the Union. I see, then, so far as the
economy of the public lands is concerned, no
reason why we should not send the bill imme-
diately to its final passage.
With regard to the general policy of the distrib-
ution of the public lands, it is a policy settled in
tlic Senate of the United States, and is useless,
though it may not bo idle, to discuss it further.
For the seven years that I have been here, the
Senate has uniformly sustained grants of land in
the new States for the construction of railroads,
and by such large majorities that there is not the
least reason to suppose that the Senate will re-
consider that policy. The new States are prac-
tically in the majority here, because they arc sus-
tained by Senators representing some of the old
States who are deeply interested, and, as the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] has
truly remarked, more deeply interested than the
new States themselves are in these improvements
in those new States. I am one of those. No
railroad can be made in the State of Iowa, or in
any other State in any direction, which will not
increase the trade that is to he poured into the
city of New York; for the trade of the continent
is concentrated there. Therefore it is that I am
always with those who favor these grants. It
is so with the Representatives of the State of
Massachusetts, and I had supposed, until now,
that it was the policy of the State of Ohio and the
State of Maryland also.
There is then nothing left of this question but
what concerns the time of the Senate. If we send
this subject to the committee we shall lose an-
other day, which is important in regard to other
business-, we shall gain nothing except such a
mere compliance witii a customary form as will
be practically unnecessary, as it will be practi-
cally useless. 1 hope, therefore, that this con-
sideration may detenuine the Senate in favor of
consenting that the bill may he passed without
a reference.
Mr. CASS. I did not know whether my friend
from Kentucky referred to my colleague or to
myself, in regard to the extravagant appropria-
tions for Michigan; but I wish to undeceive the
Senate upon that subject. 1 hold in my hand a
statement of the appropriations contained in the
harbor bills for the State of Ohio, i believe it is
about forty miles from Cleveland to Conneaut;
and from Cleveland to Sandusky is about sixty
miles. The Senator from Ohio can toll me if I
am right.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASS. With one hundred miles, then,
of lake coast, the State of Ohio has eight hills
before the Senate, amounting to $1G8,000. The
lake coast of Michigan—conmicncnigat Maumee
bay, running up to Lake Huron, through Lake
xliuon to Mackinaw, from -there south to Lake
Michigan, back to Mackinaw on the north side ,
of Green hay, thon from Mackinaw to Lake Su- ;
p^rior—cannot be, in its whole extent, less than I
thirteen hundred or fourteen hundred miles, for !
which there arc three more bills—eleven in all— i
making appropriations of #330,000. Is there any- ■
thing extravagant in all this? I do not believe I
that there is a single appropriation for the State
of Ohio which is not just and necessary; but I
wish to do away with the effect of these invidious
comparisons. Theic has been a kind of sneering
in regard to this subject since it has been pending,
by gentleman who have not looked at it. I repeat,
there are eigh t appropriations for Ohio, amounting
to $168,000, for a coast of about one hundred
miles; while for Michigan there are eleven appro-
priations, amounting to double the sum for Ohio,
while Michigan has a lake coast of nearly four-
teen hundred miles.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bell, of
Tennessee.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Vermont to refer the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and the question was stated to be on
ordering it to a third reading.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to suggest an
amendment, which I hope will be acceptable. 1
remarked before, that these roads ought to receive
the public patronage on some equal and just prin-
ciple. Some of them may be made where there
is not anything like the quantity of land which
U Congress is willing to grant; others may run
through a section of country where they may get
the full benefit of the bounty of Congress. Is it
desirable that this inequality should be preserved;
or is it likely that there will be an inequality? I
suppose it can hardly be otherwise. It has
occurred to me that it would be more just and
equitable, and would contribute more to the com-
pletion of the works, to divide, not the land, but
the proceeds of the land, granted to all, among the
several companies in charge of these roads. Is
there any objection to that ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. That question has been
decided by the Senate. In the case of the Illinois
bill, that question was distinctly presented to the
Senate, and they refused to make such a provis-
ion. They restricted the selection of land to the
vicinity of the road, and not further than fifteen
miles from each side of it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not propose to
change that provision at all; but the land is now
given to the roads separately—all that they can
find within fifteen miles, within which distance
they may not find as much land as is granted.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Then we do not get it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Some of the roads may
get a great deal less, and some may reccive the
full complement. I propose to remedy that ine-
quality. The Governor is directed to sell these
lands; and, to limit that inequality, I propose to
direct him to distribute, m proportion, among all
the roads, the proceeds of all the land which all
the roads can get within fifteen miles. That will
make them all equal; that will give an equal
bounty to each in proportion to the labor to be
done; and the undertakers will have to supply
out of their own capital the balance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator make a motion ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. He has made none; and
I thinklu-will notmake any if he hears me. I pre-
fer that the roads should lose the land rather than
agree to the proposition which is now suggested.
The grantmadc to the southern road is through the
most thickly populated and most wealthy portion
of the State of Iowa. The people there are able
almost to make the road themselves. They will
have to do it when the public lands are sold out.
As far west as the residence of my colleague,
the public lands in that region are all sold. The
people are. rich comparatively, and they will j
make the road themselves. If you take landfiom j
the northern part of the State, to make a road m ■
the southern part, the bill, I am confident, cannot '
I be approved by the President. I remember that, ,
' when the Illinois bill was under consideration, 1
the same proposition was made, and the Senate, !
by a direct vote, refused to agree to it. I know ,
that they will not agree to it m this case. I feel !
satisfied that the House will not agree to it. I 1
am exceedingly anxious that the bill should not !
go back to the House, for the reason that the
delay which will result will be the cause of our
losing the lands. They will be taken up by the
bounty land warrants. Make this grant, and, in-
stead of being paid for at $1 25 per acre, all the |
alternate sections within twelve miles must be
paid for at $2 50 per acre, in hard money, which ■
will come out of the pockets of my constituents, ■
and not from the people of any other State, and :
will go directly into the Treasury. It is a money- i
making business to the General Government to j
pass this bill. j
Mr. DURKEE. I believe that the Senator !
from Kentucky does not really comprehend the
operation of his amendment. He should bear in
mind that in the oldest settled part of the State,
the people have paid for their lands at the rate of
§1 25 an acre, and where these roads go through
unsettled and unimproved lands, the settlers who
take them must pay $250 per acre for the altern-
ate sections. Then, if the principle which he pro-
poses were applied, you would be taking from one
part of the State and giving the money to another.
You would be taking from those who have paid
§2 50 per acre, andgiving to those who paid 25
per acre. We get just as much money to the Treas-
ury of the United States when we make this grant
of unimproved land. I cannot see the justice of
taxing one portion of the State for the benefit of
another. Without these grants the settlers would
all pay 25 per acre. Now, you give every
alternate section, and double the minimum pi ice
of the reserved sections. If you take the proceeds
of the sales at double the minimum price, and
give them for building roads in a portion of the
State where the people have paid only §1 25 an
acre, it would operate unjustly and unequally.
This is the view in which the amendment pre-
sents itself to me, and this, I think, is the correct
view.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not think that the
gentleman understands me, or I do not under-
stand myself. My proposition is merely that the
whole quantity of land granted to the four com-
panies shall be divided equally among each. The
appropriation is nowindefinite. Prior appropria-
tions may have diminished the quantity, and may
lead to unequal grants in respect to each and every
one of these roads, though an equal benefit is
intended for them on the face of the bill. Now,
would it not be more fair to sell the lands to which
all would be entitled—the reservations of the
Government remaining safe—and to consider the
proceeds as an aggregate fund to be distributed
ratably among the several companies ? That is
the meaning of my amendment. I do not see that
it is liable to any exception.
Mr. GEYER. I think, if the honorable gen-
tleman from Kentucky will reflect a moment, he
will see that it is entirely impracticable. Under
this bill, the title to the land will not pass out of
the United States until a certain quantity of road
be constructed*" Let us take for example the case
of the southern road. Under his amendment that
will depend for a portion of its income on the con-
struction of a road through the northern part of
the State. The title of the land is to pass out of
the United States only when twenty miles of the
road shall have been constructed, and so fast as
the road is constructed. Therefore, if the southern
road be constructed for twenty miles, there will
be authority to sell the land for that distance of
twenty miles, and the northern road will be enti-
tled, ac^rding to the amendment, to a portion of
the pr*eeds; but the northern road not being
built, the southern road would get no benefit from
it. Inasmuch as the title docs not pass out of the
United States, and there is no power in any one
to dispose of an acre of land until the road is made
under the bill, no one road can be properly made
to depend for its income on another.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I perceive that it will
require a reformation of the whole bill from one
end to another, to make the amendment which I
have suggested applicable to the state of the case
which is presented; therefore I shall not offer it.
Mr. BIGGS. I have no intention to trespass
on the Senate, but there are two points connected
with this discussion to which I wish to direct
attention. Can the Senator from Iowa tell me
what will be the extent of the grant of the public
lands made by this bill?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. About one million and
a half of acres. Two million six hundred thou-
sand acres were granted to Illinois, Kentucky,
Tennessee, and Alabama.
Mr. BIGGS. There is another point to which
I wish to call attention, for the purpose of ex-
pressing my disapprobarion of an argument which
some gentlemen have used. They tell us that we
are not to investigate this matter; that, although
we are called upon to make these grants of public
lands in the new States, we are to leave to the
representatives of those States the determination
of the question where the grants are to be made,
and to what extent they are to be made. Against
that I wish to express my entire disapprobation.
