446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
' Mr. COBB. I only withdrew it to answer an
inquiry.
Mr. SEWARD repeated his motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama asks the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. He cannot do so,as I have
the floor; but I am very willing to let him it for
that purpose—although my friend from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] says we will be able to as-
certain when the appropriation bills come along,
how many additional clerks this appropriation
requires.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama calls the previous question, and that cuts
off a motion to postpone.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question being " Shall the bill be read a
third time?"
Mr. CRAIGE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only six
members rising m their seats.
The question was put,and the bill was ordered
to be read a third time.
The bill was accordingly read a third time; and
the question being " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays,
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only six-
teen members rising in their seats.
The question was put and the bill was passed.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I rise to a privileged
motion. I move that the vote last taken, by
"Which the bill was passed, be reconsidered, and
that that motion do lie upon the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
agreed to.
MODIFICATION OF THE BOUNTY LAND LAW.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, we
have passed a law authorizing the signing of land
warrants, when persons can establish their rights
to them. Now, sir, X wish to propose one that
will remove a great many of the obstacles in es-
tablishing those rights.
By the third section of the act of 1855, granting
bounty Jand warrants, it is provided that no claim-
ant shall bo entitled to a warrant or certificate
under that law, unless he can establish his claim
by record evidence of the service upon which the
claim is based. That, sir, is the letter of the law,
and that is the ruling under it. There could be
no other ruling.
But, sir, there are many claims of widows of
revolutionary soldiers whose husbands were
placed upon the pension rolls, and received pen-
sions during their lives, whose widows applied
for pensions, and are still receiving them.
Yet, sir, this bounty land law requires such a
widow to furnish record evidence of the service
of her husband as a revolutionary soldier before
she shall be entitled to receive a warrant for bounty
land under the law.
There are cases where persons have served,
and their commanding office] s have testified to the
fact, not only of service, but that they had de-
meaned themselves as American soldiers .should
do on such occasions; but, because their names
are not to bo found upon the rolls, they cannot
receive bounty land under the law.
Many of these claimants have established their
right to bounty land under the. law of 1850. Under
the law of 1855, they cannot get additional bounty
land, becausc of their inability to comply with
tins provision.
1 propose to pass a law repealing so much of
the thnd section of the law of 3855 as requires
the rights of claimants to be established by record
evidence, leaving it where the act of 1850, and
the recommendations of the Department, place it.
I desire, if there be no objection, to introduce a
bill to effect the object I have indicated, and to
have it put on its passage. It contains but a
single solitary provision, and that simply to re-
peal so much of the third section of the act of
1855 as requires the claim to be established by
-record evidence.
There being no objection, the bill was intro-
duced ond read a first and second time by its tide,
as follows:
A bill to amend " An act in addition to certain
acts graining bounty land to certain officers and
soldiers who have been engaged in the military
service of the Uuited States," approved March 3,
1855.
Mr. JONES. I ask that the bill may be or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. ROYCE. I hope the bill will be referred
to a committee. It seems to me an improper
practice to pass bills of this nature without having
them examined by any committee.
Mr. JONES, ihope the gentleman from South
Carolina will not make that motion. The bill
contains but one solitary, isolated provision that
everybody can understand. It requires no ex-
amination.
Mr. BOYCE. I think it should be referred.
I move to refer the bill to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to commit.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee,, moved that the
vote last taken by which the bill was passed be
reconsidered, and that the motion to reconsider
do lie oil the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I a«k the consent of
the House to oifer a resolution which I have
sought to have adopted on two previous occasions,
i presume there will be no objection.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolretl, That all public documents, of which extia
copies have been ordered to he punted lor distribution, and
whieh have not been delivered to the potions entitled to
them, under the luaolutiun of the la>t House ot Represent-
atives, shall now he delivered, by the officer having po- es-
siori of the same, to the Representatives m this Hou^e of
those districts who^e foimer He pit sentatives have not
diawn the documents to whieh siieh disti ieN were respect-
ively entitled, aceouhng to the late of distribution estab-
lished.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to the introduction of
that resolution.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to suspend the rule.
The question was taken, and (two thirds having
voted in the affirmative) the rules were suspended.
Mr. LINDLEY. I did not pay particular atten-
tion to the reading of the resolution, hut it struck
me. that the phraseology ought to be somewhat
modified. There are public documents printed,
and in the Capitol, that did not belong to the mem-
bers of the last Congress; yet the phraseology of
the resolution, if I understood it, requires the
officers of the House to deliver those documents
into the hands of Representatives who wen* not
here as members during the last Congress. They
must all be delivered, whether they were printed
by order of the last, or of some preceding Con-
gress. It seems to me that the wording of the
resolution should be modified so as to make it
apply only to such documents as were ordered by
the last Congress, and have not been delivered.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If the gentleman will
allow me, the phraseology of the resolution was
constructed to meet the precise point to which the
gentleman has called the attention of the House.
The last House of Representatives passed a reso-
lution that their documents should be sent to the
members, at their homes, when they were not
ready for distribution when the House adjourned.
In order to avoid the action of the last Congress
in this respect, therefore, it becomes necessary
to refer to that resolution. If documents were
printed and not delivered, in any case they ought
to be delivered to the members representing the
districts which did not receive them.
Mr. LINDLEY. I would suggest that the
resolution be so worded as to confine it to the
documents ordered by the last Congress.
Mr. MARSHALL. T have, been informed that
there are four rooms in the Capitol filled with
documents ordered by previous Congresses, but
which have not been distributed. These docu-
ments were printed by the Government at a large
expense, and should be distributed in the districts
that have not received them.
Mr. LINDLEY. Will not the 'phraseology
of the resolution give those four rooms full of
documents to the successors of members of the
last Congress, and not to those of the last Con-
gress who are now here ?
Mr. MARSHALL. No, sir; the phrase-
ology of the resolution will give the documents
to the members from those districts which are
entitled to them, without reference to the mem-
bers of the last Congress at all.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will ask the gentleman
a question. Are not the books to which he alludes
those voted to members to continue sets ?
Mr. MARSHALL. No, sir.
Mr. LINDLEY. I call for the reading of the
resolution.
i The resolution was again read.
Mr. LINDLEY. I am satisfied with the reso-
lution.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. 1 do not object to
the resolution, provided the member entitled to
them now is first notified, and shall have the priv-
ilege of giving the hooks his direction, and, when
given, that they shall be franked to him.
Mr. MARSHALL. They cannot be franked.
Mr. FULLER. The Clerk can do it. Many
of the documents which members of the last
Congress were entitled to were not printed and
ready for distribution in season; they were not
in readiness until after the members had lost their
franking privilege. It is right, then-fore, that
they should have the documents which properly
belong to them. Let the gentleman from Ken-
tucky modify his resolution so that the Clerk
shall be authorized to notify the members, and
ascertain their wishes in reference to these docu-
ments. If they wish them sent to them, then let
them be franked to them; if not, they can of
course go to their successors.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will suggest to the gen-
tleman from Maine, that in a great many cases
the member who was here and is embraced by
this resolution is dead, or has removed from his
district. Members of the last Congress have lost
their franking privilege. It is a matter of courtesy
for the sitting member to confer with his prede-
cessor where he may be enabled to do so. The
power was given to that predecessor, at ait events,
to have them sent into his district; and we now
pass tlus resolution to have the books go where
the law originally designed they should go. I
cannot consent to modify the resolution; and to
test the sense of the House 1 now call for the
previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put,
and being put, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed, and that
that motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. GLDDINGS. I present to the House the
memorial of R. G. B. Clarke, of Iowa, who con-
tests the seat of Mr. Augustus Hall, and move
that it, together with the accompanying exhibit,
be referred to the Committee of Elections, and
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
NEW REGISTER TO A VESSEL.
Mr. BURUNGAME. Mr. Speaker, there is
upon the table a bill which ought to be passed.
Objection was made to it the other day—I presume
none will be made to-day. The ship is ready for
sea, and only awaits a little formal legislation here.
I hope that when taken up it will at once be put
on its passage.
Mr. WALKER. I move that the House do
now adjourn. I have been for an hour trying to
get up a bill.
The House refused to adjourn.
The Clerk read the title of the bill for informa-
tion, as follows:
An act to authorize the issuing of a register to
the bark Monmouth.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up
and read a first and second time by its title. It
was then ordered to be read a third time; and
having been read a third time, was passed.
REORGANIZATION OF KANSAS TERRITORY.
Mr. DUNN. I ask leave to introduce a bill
of which previous notice has been given. It is
a bill to reestablish the boundaries, and reorganize
the government of the Territory of Kansas, and
for other purposes.
Mr.ICEITT. I object.
Mr. DUNN. T move to suspend the rule for
the purpose suggested. I merely ask for a refer-
ence of the bill.
The question was taken, and (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) the rules were suspended. The
bill was then read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Territories.
