436
AP'PENDTX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GfBBfc;
[March 17,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Clayton-Bulwer Treaty—'Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
hundred miles from the Belize, was exempted
from the operation of the treaty. All present well
know that Great Britain established no colony-
there till after the treaty of 1850. Her present
claim to Roatan originated in 1838-'39 or *40, ac-
cording to Lord Clarendon—in 1841 according
to Mr. Buchanan. As to Bonaca, Barbarat,
Helena, Morat, and Utilla, the other islands
declared by the British Government, in 1852, to
bf> part ot the British colony of Bay Islands,
there is no evidence that Great Britain ever had
possession of them befbre she established this
colony in open defiance of the treaty. They are
all islands " adjacent" to the coast of Honduras,
and therefore, by the treaty of 1786, were a part
of the ancient vice-royalty of Guatemala, now
Central America.
Mr. Buchanan proves the truth of his state-
ment by reference to English history. The island
of Roatan was seized and occupied in 1841, by a
■few land robbers, who happened to be English-
men, who "spontaneously," as Lord Clarendon
says, tore down the Hag of Honduras, and substi-
tuted that of Great Britain, without any author-
ity from their own Government, or, as his lord-
ship phrases it, "without any instigation" of
that Government. By that act of private'plun-
der, these Englishmen held the island; but Great
Britain, as a Government, held nothing there, and
claimed nothing there, until she sought, by the
establishment of this colony, to gain title under
these trespassers, as she did at Belize under the
seizures made by the old English buccaneers.
It has been said by some who have devoted
but little attention to the subject, that these
Bay Islands were dependencies of Belize. I
took pains to expose that error to the Senate,
in a speech delivered here in reply to the honor-
able Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] more
than two years ago. It is not necessary to re-
Seat the argument which I tnade then, ana which
as never been answered by any man since; but
I desire to refer to the error committed by a dis-
tinguished gentleman in reference to this sub-
ject, prior to the time when I discussed it. It
was the error of Mr. Everett, (at that time a
member of the Senate,) who, in a speech in this
body—which, for its beauty of language and the
patriotism and correct feeling which it evinced,
was an admirable effort—stated, on the authority
"of a dispatch of Lord Palmerston, that the Island
' of Roatan had been a dependency of the Belize
for more than one hundred years. Sir, this island
never was and never could have been a depend-
ency of Belize by the law of nations, or any other
law known to civilized men. It was an error
'legally, historically, and geographically. Belize
was formerly a' part of Mexico, as Mr. Marcy
states in his instructions to Mr. Borland. This
island belonged to a different jurisdiction—that
of ancient Guatemala. I corrected the error here,
standing in my place by his side in the Senate,
some months after Mr. Everett made that speech;
"and, as he' made no reply, I supposed then, and
now believe, he was convinced of his error, into
which Lord Palmerston had led him.
Sir, in the year 1786 Great Britain signed the
treaty with Spain, by Which she expressly; agreed
to abandon the whole of the vice-royalty of Gua-
temala, with all the'' islands adjacent;'' and every
man mustadmitthat the " Bay Islands," includ-
ing Roatan, are " adjacent" to Honduras, which
was a part of the old viceroyalty of Guatemala—
the same country, with the exception of the small
district of Chiapas, now known as Central Amer-
ica. If Mr. Everett's opinion had heen correct,
or had approximated to the truth, this Govern-
ment would be in the wrong, and would be com-
pelled to give up the controversy as to these
islands immediately; for, if he was correct, Great
Britain had a prescriptive right, one of the highest
and best of all titles that can be vested in a nation
—a title arising out of a possession of more than
a century.
Great Britain had, after the treaty of 1786, no
title to these Bay Islands as a dependency of hers,
or in any other way; and after that treaty she
never had, as we all know,fromits express terms,
any dominion whatever even over Belize. She
never held anything at Belize more than a mere
usufruct—the "bare right of possession by suffer-
ance, for a very special .and restricted purpose.
That is the only title she how has. But in the
Bay islands she now claims to have held absolute
dominion and sovereignty before the treaty of
1850. What, in affairs between man and man,
we would call a fee-simple interest, has been
asserted to be the dependency of a mere usufruct,
or tenancy at will—a relation which a jurist would
deny, ana which on its own face is an absurdity.
The speech of Mr. Everett is the only authority
relied on by those who undertake to sustain the
British claim, under the treaty, to this colony of
Bay Islands. The advocates of this British pre-
tension are driven from every other ground.
Lord Clarendon, in the correspondence with
Mr. Buchanan, relies on no possession of Great
Britain in Roatan before 1838. His Lordship,while
laboring to defend himself against the vigorous
assault made on the British claim to Roatan by
Mr. Buchanan, takes shelter behind the assertion,
that, although Great Britain had no title to the
islands prior to 1838,1839,or 1840, yet then some
of her people went there from Belize, and some
from Jamaica—hoisted the British flag, and took
down the flag of Honduras. Mr. Buchanan re-
plies, in substance, that it is not true that Great
Britain took possession there in those years, but
that some Englishmen did seize Roatan in 1841;
and did so then, not under the authority of the
Government of Great Britain, but of their own
motion they beat off the little garrison of soldiers
kept there by Honduras.
• Amidst the distractions which existed in Cen-
tral America after the confederated republic of
that name was dissolved, they were able to keep
possession of this island; though, while the
States of Central America were united, we know
Great Britain disavowed a similar "spontaneous"
act of fillibustering by her subjects, and did actu-
ally restore Roatan to the State of Honduras.
That historical fact Lord Clarendon does not ven-
ture to controvert.
Great Britain never, by any intimation from
her, committed herself to the justification of the
robbery of 1841, until after the treaty of 1850,
'when she issued a proclamation, declaring the
Bay Islands to be a colony of Great Britain. Lord
Clarendon, in the correspondence with Mr. Buch-
anan, endeavoring,to put the best aspect on the
British title, says: . . _
" Itis, moreover, a feet, that Jloatanhag been of late years
[not one hundred years or more] without any instigation
on the part of her Majesty's Government, spontaneously
occupied by British subjects; and that the superintendent
of Belize has been in the habit [that is, of late years] of
visiting the island, appointing the magistrates to it, and
generally managing its affairs."
There has been much confusion and some
misrepresentation on this subject. The Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] after refer-
ring to the authority of Mr. Everett, is reported to
have said in my absence that there was an under-
standing, and it would some day come to light,
between Great Britain and the United States, that
these Bay Islands were exempted from the opera-
tion of the treaty as belonging to Great Britain,
and as dependencies of Belize. I ask the Sena-
tor upon what authority he made that statement ?
If he can tell me I would be' obliged to him for
the information; and what was that which was to
come to light?
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President,'that matter I
believe I explained to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] when he called my
attention to it, in behalf of the Senator from Del-
aware. I stated that the language as reported—
not in my speech revised by myself, but in some
explanation afterwards mad.e—was stronger than
I intended to use. What I meant to say, as I
' explained on another occasioh, was, that Great
Britain claimed that there was an understanding
of that kind; that there was a letter or document
of some kind presented by the British Minister
to the Secretary of State just previous to the
closing of the treaty, and withdrawn. What'I
intended to say was, that Great Britain claimed
this, and that some time or other the documents
might come to light. I said, on the instant when
the Senator from Kentucky introduced the mat-
ter, that I had not the slightest idea of saying
anything which could reflect on the honorable
and distinguished negotiator of the treaty.
Mr. CLAYTON. I accept the honorable gen-
tleman's disclaimer; but I must call the attention
of the Senate to this letter, which now, for the
firfet time, I hear of in the Senate. It seems now
that the thing which was to come to light, was
a letter which had been written by Sir Henry L.
Bulwer to the Secretary of State—I happened to
be the man at that time—before the signature of
the treaty, in which he laid claim to the Island of
Roatan as a British possession; and the Senator
added that Sir Henry withdrew that letter, and
instead of leaving it with me, preserved it, with-
out my knowledge, in the archives of the British
Legation. Now, sir, let us take that statement
just as it stands. The British Minister, before
the ratification of the treaty, comes to me with
a letter claiming Roatan as a British possession,
and for some reason he withdraws that letter.
Then he withdraws his pretensions that it is a
British posession—does he not? That is the in-
ference from the fact as it is stated.
But, sir, I will go a little further. It has been
sometimes suggested to me, that my excellent
friend, the British Minister, (Mr. Crampton,)
who has been charged with recruiting soldiers in
the United States, has been trying to recruit Sen-
ators also. I have no complaint against him for
this. Senators are fair game for a foreign minis-
ter. If any letter contained in the British Lega-
tion, which the British negotiator never put in
my possession as an officor of the United States,
has been shown by him to others, those who read
it have learned that Great Britain, when she
desired to claim Roatan, said nothing about the
other islands as a British possession; and if it
were really meant to exclude Roatan only from
the treaty, what shadow of justice is there now
for claiming all the other Bay Islands as exempt
from its operation? Some of them are still nearer
to the shores of Honduras than Roatan. All are
adjacent, and all must belong to the same State.
Sir, it is true that, before the exchange or
delivery of the treaty, the British Minister (in-
structed, perhaps, by his own Government)
brought me a letter written by himself, in which
he stated that the British Governmen-t complained
that some -of my countrymen had stopped at
Roatan, and, 1 think, threatened that they would
take it. I had no doubt, when he made the state-
ment, that these were men going to or returning
from California; and they might have made such
a threat. One of the British commodores (Com-
modore Bennett, I think) had stopped at the
island of Roatan during the winter of 1849-'50,
and had written home to his own Government,
that some Americans had been there and said
they intended to take it.- When Sir Henry L.
Bulwer brought that letter to me, if my recollec-
tion serves me, the treaty was before the Senate.
We had come to an understanding that both
parties should abstain from occupying Central
America, or any part of it. If this island was
within Central America, then, no matter which
of us should be found in possession there, both
would be bound to abandon it by this treaty.
Not knowing what might be the consequence of
leavirig such a letter with me, I told him, "if
you.leave that letter with me I will send it to the
Senate;" and he, preferring that his letter should
be retained in the archives of his own legation,
withdrew it. I do not undertake to claim that
the fact proves anything in my favor or in the
favor of my Government. I disdain to rely on
such a circumstance; but the inference from the
fact that the British negotiator withdrew the letter
under such circumstances, is certainly no proof
favorable to the assumption of British title in
Roatan. We have no necessity of resort to any
inference from such a circumstance, having abund-
ant grounds to sustain our own view of the treaty
without it. The only purpose for which I allude
to it is, to show that m this, as in every other
respect connected with the treaty, this Govern-
ment stands absolved from all censure; being lifted
by its own integrity above any imputation, and
all possible suspicion.
I do not doubt that, at the time of the treaty,
and at all times, the able and accomplished
diplomatist who represented the British Govern-
ment as a negotiator, desired to except Roatan
from the operation of it. His letters to me, and
his declarations prior to the signature, and even
shortly prior to the exchange of ratifications,
sufficiently evinced his anxiety to effect that
