1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
MOBILE AND OHIO RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. WALKER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following bill, of which previous notice
had been given; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee 011
tbu Post-Office and Po§t-Roads, viz: a bill for the
relief of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company,
and to facilitate the transportation of the United
♦States mail.
CHAPLAINCY PERSONAL EXPLANATION".
Mr. KENNETT. I desire, with the consent
of the House, to make a personal explanation;
and afterwards, if the House will indulge me, I
have some matters of business to present.
The personal explanation is this: It will be
remembered that one day last week I put in nom-
ination the name of a reverend gentleman of this
city for the office of Chaplain to the House. I
had not the honor of a personal acquaintance with
the gentleman, but I heard him from that desk,
on the morning of the memorable Saturday some
two weeks ago, make a prayer to the Throne of
Heaven to help this House out of the dead-lock
which it seemed to be 111. That prayer was
answered, it seems, for on that day the House
was organized. Presuming upon the righteous-
ness of the gentleman, from the evidence I had
before me, as a matter of compliment 1 took the
liberty—too great a liberty, if I am to judge from
the letter the gentleman published last week in the
National Intelligencer-—to offer his name for the
chaplaincy of the House. I only proposed to put
him in that desk, that he might pray for us poor
miserable sinners here. I did not oner to put him
down 10 the level of the floor, where some of his
"cloth" hapj>en to sit: I only proposed him for
the chaplaincy of the House. I had not his per-
mission; and as he does not consider that as an
honor, and might look upon an election jjs a dis-
grace, I ask to withdraw the name of the Rev.
Air. Cummin from the list of nominees for
Chaplain.
iNow, as to the matter of busines, I have in my
hand several bills, which I ask the indulgence of
the House to introduce, previous notice of the
i*.ame having been given. The same indulgence
hns been extended to the honorable gentleman,
th^ Delegate from Oiegon, [Mr. Lane,] from the
other side of the Rocky mountains. I happen to
be from this side of the mountains—a border ruf-
fian from the State of Missouri—but my seat in
this House is over here 111 Oregon, (pointing to
the extreme parts of the Hall,) where we seldom
hear anything that is going on. Therefore, as I
am upon the floor, I ask the consent of the House
to offer the bills which I hold in my hand.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
No objection being made,
Mr. K.ENNETT presented the following bills;
winch were severally read the first and second
times by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill for the relief of J. "W. Todd, of the Ord-
nance. Referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
Des Moines rapids in the Mississippi river.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill granting the right of way to the St.
Louis and Iron Mountain railroad through the
arsenal,magazine,and Jefferson Barracks tracts.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affaiis.
A bill for the benefit of the Pacific Railroad
company incorporated by the State of Missouri.
Refer)ed to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill supplementary to an act confirming elmms
to lands in the States of Missouri and Arkansas,
and for other purposes. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
A bill amendatory of the act graduating the
price of public lands. Referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
NEW MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. KENNETT also offered the following
resolutions:
Resolved^ That the Committee on Military Affairs be,
awl they are hereby, m?tnu ted to inquire into the expedi-
ency and propriety of establishing a United States Mili-
ruy Academy and School of Fi.ictiee 111 the Mississippi
vaJk-v, in which tlieie shall also be professoi ships ot imumg,
n n<'nltimj, and mechanical engineering; and to report by
hill 01 otherwise.
Resolved further, That said committee report to this
House whether the arsenal grounds and buildings, owned
by the United Htafs at the city of St. Louis State of Mi -
souiij are peculiarly fitted for "the site of such institution,
and whether tliey ought not to be retained and set apart for
that purpose.
The resolutions were agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. DICKSON asked and received unanimous
consent of the House to have the petition and pa-
pers of the heirs of the late General Solomon Van
Rensselaer, of New York, for relief, taken from
the files of the House, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. COMINS. I ask the consent of the
House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Court of Claims be requested to teturn
to this House tall No. 46."), for the relief of [saac Adams,
together with the aeeomp'uiymgpapeis-, the same not invol-
ving any question of appropuauon of money from the Treas-
uiy, and nor being a pioper subject for the cognizance of
the said Cowt ot Claims; which bill was referred to said
couit under the seneral order of the House of llepiesent
ativ<-> of Maich 3, 1855.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and adopted.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. GROW asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, viz: a bill to secure homesteads to actual
settlers on the public domain.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Agricul-
ture.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, asked and obtained
leave to introduce a bill, of which previous no-
tice had been given, viz: a bill to amend the act
for the relief of Nancy Wetherford, widow of
Colonel William Wetherford, of the first Illinois
regiment of volunteers m the Mexican war.
The bill was r^ada first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
KALAMAZOO LAND OFFICE.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill No. 97, to continue temporarily
the land office at Kalamazoo, in the State of Mieh-
lgan.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask that the bill be now
put upon its passage.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of considering the bill, and
I wish to make a statement in relation to it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Before the motion
to suspend the rules be entertained, I hope the
bill will be read.
The bill was accordingly read: The first section
enacts that the register and receiver of the land
office at KaUunazoo, and the office itself, shall be
continued until such time as, in the opinion of the
President, the same can be discontinued without
prejudice to the public interest: and that until
that time the act of Congress approved June 1*7,
1840, shall not apply to the said office or officers.
Section two cnacts, further, that the compensa-
tion of said register and receiver shall be allowed
thorn, agreeably to law, during the time of their
continuance under the cxisitmg order.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I understand that the bill
comes to us from the Senate.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Yes; it is a Senate bill.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Then I do not see why we
should not pass it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I withdraw my
objection.
Mr. KEITT. I object. It is a new bill, so
far as we are concerned, and ought to take the
usual course.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to make an inquiry,
tlie answer to which may, perhaps, obviate my
objection to this bill. This office has been dis-
continued under the operation of law, as 1 under-
stand?
i\lr. WALBRIDGE. The quantity of public
land in that land district is so reduced, that the
office would be discontinued under the operation
of law. But there arc several cases pending for
decision in that office, under the operation of the
graduation law and of the swamp-land law, and
if the office be now discontinued, the books must
necessarily be removed to another office, some-
thing over a hundred miles distant. The decis-
ion of all these eases, and the delivering of the
land patents from this office, will be,in the event
of its removal, attended with great expense and
difficulty. It is, therefore, simply proposed to
continue the land office where it is, until such
times as these matters can be disposed of, and
when, in the judgment of the President and the
Secretary of the Interior, it will be proper to dis-
continue it. If this law be passed at all—and it
has been introduced at the suggestion of the Sec-
retary of the Interior—it should be done imme-
diately.
Mr. LETCHER. Then the answer of the
gentleman indicates this—that the office is to be
reestablished, because there are several contro-
versies pending somewhere in that neighborhood,
and because the individuals who reside (here do
not desire to be put to the trouble of getting tes-
timony from adjoining land offices.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. That is not the state-
ment I made.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I misunderstood the
gentleman. Will he be kind enough to repeat
what he did say ?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I said that there were
questions pending, the decision of which was with
the officers of this land office, in relation to entries
of land made under the graduation kmr and made
under the swamp-land law. There is a collision
between the interest of the State land office, or
the purchasers under the authority of the State,
and the purchasers under the graduation law and
under the laws of the General Government. It
is the decisions of these questions that have been
made by the receiver and register of the land
office to which I alluded; and if the papers and
books and business of the office be removed a
hundred miles off, it will produce great incon-
venience. Besides this, allow me to say that so
much land has been sold at that office within the
last year or two, that the patents are not yet de-
livered, nor have they been all received at the
office. Many of them arc here yet, perhaps,
unsigned; and thus very many individuals have
not yet got their patents. It is proper that they
should not be required to go one hundred miles
or more to set their patents.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, Mr. Speaker, sup-
pose we take the responsibility of reopening this
land office, how long will it be required to be kept
open to satisfy these parties?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I am not informed,
Mr. LINDLEY. 1 hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection. 1 have an amendment
to reopen a land office, under similar circum-
stances, in Missouri.
Mr. LETCHER.. Oh, if there are more of
the samp sort, I wdl stand to it.
Mr. LINDLEY. Is it m order to offer an
amendment to the bill of the gentleman from
Michigan ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is there a motion pending
to refer this bill to a standing committee r
The SPEAKER. The motion was made by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] but
withdrawn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will submit to
the gentleman from Michigan, that he had better
allow his bill to be referred. This practice of
introducing and passing bills without their having
undergone the scrutiny of any committee, is ail
irregular one. It is an innovation upon the es-
tablished usages of the House.
Now, sir, 1 understand this bill to have the
effect of getting rid of two laws—one requiring
the discontinuance of aland office, whenever the
amount of land open to sale is not sufficient to
warrant its continuance; and the other, consoli-
dating the district with another. I understand
that several offices and land districts have thus
been consolidated. I understand, moreover, that
at all these offices questions have remained unad-
justed when they were discontinued, but they can
easily be adjusted in the adjoining offices.
Sir, I think this matter of passing bills in this
mafmer is an innovation upon the established
usages of legislation. It can only produce mis-
chievous results. Its effect would be to continue
in office gentlemen who are enjoying otium cirn
dignitate, and are unwilling to lose their places.
I think, sir, under the circumstances, the gentle-
man from Michigan had better allow his bill to
be referred; and, if it is in order, I move to refer
it to the Committee on Public Lands.
