1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1178
The Senator from Iowa has very frankly re-
marked thai, so far as his State is concerned, he
would prefer that there should be sufficient grants
to take up all the public lands. I have no doubt
of that; and X apprehend that would be the senti-
ment of a large majority of the representatives
of the new States having public lands. They
would like to have the whole of those lands
appropriated in this way. But is that an argu-
ment to be addressed to those who represent
States that have no public lands? and are we to
be controlled by the discretion of the represent-
atives of the new States, without a reference,
without an examination ? Because a State that
has public lands may make a proposition here
for a railroad, must the representatives of the
other States take that as conclusive, although
their policy is to appropriate the whole of the
public lands ?
It seems to me to be an argument that is not
tenable, and not to be relied upon. It occurs to
me that wo have a discretion on this subject; and
we ought to exercise it. Assuming (as seems to
be assumed in this discussion) that the principle
of making these grants has been clearly estab-
lished by an overwhelming vote of the Senate,
still there lies beyond that a question for the
exercise of our discretion: because a State that
has public lands within its limits asks for grants
which may exhaust the whole of the public do-
main in that State, while another State does not
apply for quite so much, are we to take their
discretion, and make grants that will onlyappro-
riateone halfasmuchto the one as to the other?
t seems to me that we are going into this matter
very rapidly and with a great deal of haste. Gen-
tlemen assume the principle to be established.
That may be so; but still, here we are appro-
priating a million of acres of land, in the State
of Iowa, on the application of the representa-
tives of that State; and we are called upon to do
it relying on the discretion of the representatives
of those States whose policy it is, as is frankly
avowed by the Senator from Iowa, to exhaust
the whole of the public land in their States.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and,
on the question," Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. BIGGS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. Inasmuch as the yeas and
nays are to be taken upon the passage of this bill,
I desire to say a word or two. I believe that the
first favorable report which was made in the
House of Representatives in regard to the policy
of granting alternate sections of the public lands
for railroads, was made by myself in the case of
the Illinois road, after thorough investigation. I
stand, therefore, fully committed to what iswUcd
the principle of these bills. 1 have believed—I
still believe—that where the roads are rightly
selected, and especially where they run through
very extensive prairie lands, it would be good
policy in the Government of the United States, as
a land proprietor, to adopt the principle of such
grants, aside from the general advantages which
result from the roads.
Now, sir, although I am in favor of that prin-
ciple, I shall not vote for this bill. I do not wish,
however, to be understood as objecting particu-
larly to it. I do not know that the roads for
which it provides are selected in such a manner
that they fall appropriately within the principle.
J. am told that the Senate have in effect passed the
same bill two or three times. That may be a good
argument for those gentlemen who passed it, and
I suppose there are enough of them here to pass
this Bill. Inasmuch, however, as they will not
permit the subject to be examined by any com-
mittee of this body, I cannot vote for the bill.
• The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 31, nays 9;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bell of Tennessee, Bigler,
Bright, Brown, Cass, Crittenden, Dodge, Dougla&, jJurkee,
Fish, Fitzpatrick, i'o-t'jr, Geyer, Hale, Harlan, Jmnes,
Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory,
Pratt, Seward, Slidell, Stuart, Sumner, Trumbull, Welier,
Wilson, and Yulee—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Brodhead, Hunter, Mason, Pugh,
Reid. Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, and Wade—9.
So the bill was passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON it was
Oijdered}/rhTLt when the Senate adjourns, it be to Monday
next"
DANISH SOUND DUES.
Mr. MASON. I ask that the resolution of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, which was un-
der consideration yesterday, and was assigned
for this morning at half past twelve o'clock, may
now be taken up.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I rise to a question of or-
der. The Senator from Virginia calls for the con-
sideration of the resolution in regard to the Dan-
ish Sound dues; my point of order is, thatbythe
rules of the Senate, this day is assigned for the
consideration of private bills. Private bills have
not been considered on any Friday for the last
three weeks. There has been but one entire day
devoted to the consideration of private business
since the commencement of the session. I hope
that the residue of the day will be devoted to the
consideration of that business, and that we shall
take up the Private Calendar in its order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Brown.
in the chair.) Docs the Senator from Virginia'
insist on his motion to take up the resolution to
which he has alluded?
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir. I think it proper that
it should be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
being presented the Chair will submit it to the
Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not aware, Mr. Presi-
dent, of the essential importance of the immediate
passage of any of the private bills on the Calen-
dar; nor am I convinced that there is an imme-
diate necessity for the consideration of the measure
presented by the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. The fact is certain
that we have approached the usual hour of ad-
journment. If we commence debate upon anew
subject at this hour of the day, it will be in vain
to expect to reach a conclusion within any rea-
sonable time. Wo know that questions which
are taken up at intervals never have an end. The
proper course, it seems to me, is to dispose of
every subject when we take it up. 1 think it will
be proper that private bills should be taken up
hereafter, and that the questions connected with
our foreign relations should be considered on some
day when they can be deliberately examined.
That cannot be expeeted to-day, and for these
reasons I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator withdraw that
motion for a moment, to allow me to make a
suggestion ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. I wish to press nothing op the
Senate that is considered unreasonable, but I
think it a matter of moment to the country that
the Senate should act on this resolution. I am
aware, however, that, if it be taken up now, de-
bate will continue upon it until probably a late
hour, and then the Senate will be thin. In order
to test the sense of the Senate, I ask that it may
be taken up and made the special order for Tues-
day next, at half past twelve o'clock. Monday,
we understand, is assigned to the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] on another subject. 1 think
we can dispose of this question on Tuesday next.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the Senator from
Pennsylvania will assent to the course suggested
by the Senator from Virginia. The Senator from
Pennsylvania is certainly well aware that at this
hour of the day it will be a mere waste of time to
attempt to commence the consideration of the
Private Calendar. I trust that the Senator will
agree to the suggestion of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and then adjourn.
Mr. BRODHEAD. On the motion of my
friend from Arkansas, we have already agreed
to adjourn over to Monday. It is not yet three
o'clock, and I think by that time we can dispose
of manv of the cases on the Private Calendar.
The ^RESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Virginia to take up
the resolution of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, in regard to the notice to Denmark under
the treaty with that Power.
The motion was agreed to; and the further con-
sideration of the subject was postponed to Tues-
day next, and made the special order for half
past twelve o 'clock on that day.
Mr. FOOT. I suppose it will be in order now
to move to take up the Private Calendar. I hope
wo shall proceed with it regularly, private bills
having been made the special order for this day.
The PRESIDENT. The first bill on the Private
Calendar is one for the relief of A. S. Bender.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. FOOT. I think that we can dispose of
the Private Calendar in half an hour. . I ask for
the yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn.. '
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it on a motion to adjourn
that the veas and nays arc called in the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. However much I might be
opposed to the motion, I would vote for it under
such a lash as that.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of Tennessee, Brown, Crit-
tenden, Durkee, Evans, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Hale, Johnson,
Jones of Tennessee, Seward, Sumner, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, Trumbull, and Yulec—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Bright, Brodhead, Col-
lamer, Foot, Foster, Geycr, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Pugh,
> Stuaru3Vade, and Wilson—14.
So We motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 9, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry C. Dean, Chaplain of the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DEFICIENCY Bill..
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of the resolution
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Peingle,]
that the House insist on its amendments to, ana
its disagreement to amendments of the Senate to,
the deficiency bill, an3 agree to a further confer-
ence, upon which the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Piielps] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. Is not this day set apart
for the consideration of private bills?
The SPEAKER. It is, if not interfered with
by privileged questions.-
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to press the con-
sideration of the bills of private claimants, unless
other business takes precedence under the rules.
I understand the Chair to decide that there is
other business which does take precedence of
those bills.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, I have no dis-
position to inflict a set speech upon this House,
and members will do me the justice to acknowl-
edge that I never take the floor unless forced so
to do by the demands of the public business in-
trusted to my care, or the interests of the people
whom I have the honor to represent. The debate
on yesterday took a course unexpected by any
of us. Charges were made by the member from
Ohio [Mr. Giddings] against the good reputation
of the people of Missouri. For several reasons,
I could not call that member to order. , No as-
sault upon the people of Missouri alarms me.
Their conduct, when repelling the intrusions of
Massachusetts Abolitionists, will bear the strictest
scrutiny, and defies the utmost efforts of malice. *
I only desire that assaults upon them may ba
made at times when they may be promptly met
without subjecting myself to the charge of delay-
ing appropriations of immediate and pressing
importance to several departments of the public
service. The member from Ohio charged, in sub-
stance, that the people of Missouri were traitors,
and ought to be hanged.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman is not quite
correct. I said that the people who collected in
M issouri, armed themselves, and invaded Kansas
for the purpose of usurping the government of
that Territory, were guilty of the crime of treason
under the laws and Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, I deny that any
of the people of Missouri have invaded the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, and have conducted themselves
in such a manner as to constitute the crime of
treason. The charge has its existence only in
the distempered imaginations of its authors, who
coined and spread it broadcast over ths nation.
I protest against its being caught up and indorsed
by members upon this floor. The citizens of
Missouri have never attempted by force to subvert
| the laws of that Territory, and they never will,
i Whenever the people of Missouri nave entered
! the Territory of Kansas, th-ey went there, as they
' did in November and December last, for the pur-
