438
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 17,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Clayton-Bulwer Treaty—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
Don, are poured, and from which they are car-
ried through the straits of the Bosphorus to be
transmitted to other portions of the world for
traffic. Sir, this passage has been the object of
jealousy and war for ages back, and it will be so
probably for a es to come. The war which has
lately raged in Europe between Turkey, France,
EngfandTand Sardinia, on the one side, and Rus-
sia on the other, has been mainly for the control
of the Bosphorus. If the passage of this strait,
and the freedom of navigation and commerce in
the Euxine, had been settled on just principles
by the treaty of 1841, the peace of Europe would
not have been disturbed by the bloody struggle
through which these nations have just passed.
Permit me hereto advert to the language of the
treaty of 1841. At that period, seeing the danger
of strife in reference to this passage, the_ four
great Powers of Europe, Russia, Great Britain,
Austria, and Prussia, of the one part, and the
Ottoman Porte on the other, made the treaty of
London, which I have in my hand. As this pre-
sents an attempt to apply the great principle
which has regulated the policy of this Govern-
ment for twenty years in regard to the passage
across the Isthmus between North and South ,
America, and especially controlled it in the form-
ation of the treaty of 1850,1 present entire its
three important articles from Marten's Treaties.
It illustrates the policy of the great nations of
Europe to reconcile differences under the same cir-
cumstances; and we may see, from the error of it
in not extending the principle of neutrality to its
proper limits, the danger of suffering such a ques-
tion as that before us to remain unsettled:
" Art. 1. Sa Hautesse le Sultan, d'one part, declare qu'il
a la ferine resolution de maintenir ft 1'avenir le principc
invariablement etabli comme ancienne rigte de Son Empire,
et en vertu duquel it a (li de tout tenia dgfendu aux b&ti-
rocna de guerre des Paissances Strange rea d'entrer dans les
dltroits des Dardanelles et du Bosphore, et que taut que la
Porte se trouve en paix, Sa Hautesse n'admettra aucun
b&timent de guerre Stranger dans les dits ditroits.
" Et Lews Majesttel'Empereord'Autriche, Roi de Hon-
grie et de Bobeme, le Roi des Fran jaw, la Reine du Roy-
aume Uni de la Grande-Bretagne et d'Irlande, le Koi de
Prusse, et l'Empereur de toutes les Kussies, de 1 "autre part,
s'engagent & respecter cette determination du Saltan, et it
ae conformer au principe ci-dessus 6nonc£.
" Art. 2. II est entendu qu'en constataot 1'inviolability
de l'ancienne rigle de I'Empire Ottoman mentionnie dans
I'article prtcMent, le Sultan se reserve, comme par le pass<,
de d^livrer des firmans de passage aux b&timeas Itgers sous
pavilion de guerre, lesquels seront employes, comme il est
usage, an service des legislations des Puissances amies.
" Art. 3. Sa Hautcsse le Sultan se reserve de porter la
prtsente convention & la connaUsance dc toutes les Puis-
sances avec lesquclles la Sublime-Porte sc trouve en rela-
tion d'amiti£, en les inritant & y acceder."
It was supposed at the time that this would
save the peace of the civilized world, in despite
of all anxiety felt in regard to this strait. But it
contained a fatal error. The error was, that it left
Russia in the sole control of the Euxine, with all
the mouths of the mighty rivers to which I have
just adverted. It left her in control over com-
merce to such an extent as became absolutely in-
tolerable to the Western Powers. It secured to
her, whenever her ambition should prompt her
to the attack, the possession of Constantinople.
The result of the error which converted the Eux- j
ine into a Russian lake, has been a struggle that >
has cost more blood than any war winch has
occurred since the days of the Emperor Napoleon.
An enormous amount has been added to the
British national debt; while a debt no less in
amount has been at the same time incurred by !
France. Russia has also wasted her Aillions;
and ages may pass away before they will recover
from the effects of the expenditures which these
nations have made to maintain this contest, and -
the demoralization always attendant on war as an
inseparable curse.
The principle which it was the object of the
treaty of 1841 to assert, was the neutrality of the
Bosphorus, to secure which all parties agreed not
to occupy it with ships of war, while Turkey, a
weak and decaying Power, resembling, in imbe-
cility, the Central American States, was wisely
left in undisturbed possession of the territory
adjoining, and the fortifications commanding it.
But Russia alone controlled all the approaches
to Constantinople; and the treaty, while it bound j
all others not to occupy, fortify, or assume or j
exercise any dominion over, Constantinople or i
the Bosphorus, left Russia with a powerful navy j
in the Euxine, and thus offered the key of com-
I merce to her hands, together with the Turkish
| monarchy itself. To illustrate the importance of
i this strait, and the city on its margin, we have
only to recur to what the Emperor Alexander
said to Napoleon: " I offer you the half of Eu-
rope; I will help you obtain it, secure you in the
possession of it, and all I ask in return is the pos-
session of a single strait, which is also tht key
of my house !" (See Progress of Russia, p. 289.)
Were either Great Britain or the United States
to occupy exclusively the passages across the
isthmus, it would be not less fatal, in future ages,
to the peace of the world. Such a possession
would eventually combine the other great Powers
interested in commerce, against such arrogant
pretensions to exclusive control by any nation
on earth. For this reason it was that President
Taylor, in his annual message of the 4th of De-
cember, 1849, announced the principle which
governed him in the formation of the treaty of
1850, that—
" No.gceat maritime State should occupy a position that
would enable it hereafter to exercise so controlling an influ-
ence over the commerce of the world, or to obstruct a high-
way which ought to be dedicated to the common uses of
mankind."
Other straits attract our attention; among them
are the straits of Gibraltar and the straits of Bab-
el-mandeb. Great Britain has seized the fortress
of Gibraltar, and that of Aden, which commands
i the commerce of the Red sea. She has not re-
tained Gibraltar without a great expenditure of
blood and treasure. But for two hundred years
i she has had her eye on another strait, compared
with which, in importance to the civilized world,
and especially to the commercial part of it, these
and all other straits dwindle into insignificance—
that strait which is to connect the mighty waters
of the Pacific and the Atlantic. It is there that
the treasures of the Pacific must at some future
period flow through a ship canal, and where
already no mean portion of its wealth passes by
railroad and other modes of transit. There is
the spot which, to all the civilized world, becomes
an object of the most intense interest, and espe-
cially to every statesman. To my country it
becomes an object of more importance than any
other point outside of our own limits. She must
either maintain there the right of free transit, or,
if she suffers any other great maritime Power to
command it, she must, on some future occasion,
I when war shall occur between her and that Power,
surrender her territories on the Pacific.
I know—and gentlemen will pardon me for
digressing for a moment—that there are many
here and elsewhere who rely on a railroad to the
Pacific to supersede the necessity of a passage
'through that Isthmus. Mr. President, I am far
from desiring to discuss a topic which is not the
one immediately before me; but incidentally this
subject presents itself, and I am bound to notice
, it, though I shall do so briefly. I do not consider
' the construction of acanal in Nicaragua, or a rail-
road at Panama, as a measure at all antagonizing
i or conflicting with a railroad to the Pacific. But
I I have looked into the reports of the explorations
| which have been made by officers who nave been
sent into the country, between the Pacific and the
western limits of the western States, for the pur-
pose of ascertaining whether a railroad Would be
practicable. I know what the common impres-
sion on the public mind is, and I am very sorry
to state anything which should dispel an illusion
so pleasant as that we are soon to pass, with
railroad speed, from the cities of the Atlantic to
the Pacific ocean. I have no confidence that
any such railroad will be made during this or the
next generation. If the road were made, the
• necessity for a passage across the isthmus would
still exist. Such a railroad would by no means
answer the purpose which we desire, and which
we should accomplish by a canal, or even by rail-
ways, through the isthmus. An honorable gen- i
I tleman, some years ago in the other House, [Mr. I
! Rockwell,] made a calculation that a pound of
| tea transported on such a railroad, would cost in
• Boston or New York twice as much as a pound
\ of tea now costs when brought round the Cape.
' Such a road could not compete with even a ship
transportation around the Horn in the conveyance
of anything but passengers; and from all the ex-
perience on all other railroads, we know too well
to take any pleasure in stating it, that the way
travel is the only reliable source of profu. No
railroad in the United States could be sustained
by the travel between its mere termini; and even
with the aid of the way travel in the most densely
populated portions of the Union, the original sub-
scribers to many of our railroads have sunk all
, their capital stock invested. Loan holders and
creditors are the general recipients of the pro-
ceeds of railroad travel. But, on a railroad
through a wilderness of two thousand five hun-
dred miles, the proceeds will not support the road,
if made. A good wagon road might be, and
ought to be, made to the Pacific; but many years
ji must elapse before a railroad could be supported,
' if it could be made. Let me dismiss the subject
by drawing the attention of gentlemen to an article
by an able writer in the North American Review
for January last. The author of this article, after
minute inquiry into the contents of the reports
on the subject of a Pacific railroad, sums up his
information in these words:
" Our rich possessions west of the 99th meridian have
turned out to be worthless so for as agriculture is concerned.
They never can entice a rural population to inhabit them,
nor sustain one if so enticed. We may as well acknowl-
edge this, and act upon it—legislate upon it. We may as
well admit that Kansas and Nebraska, with the exception
of the small strip of land upon their eastern borders, are
perfect deserts, with a soil whose constituents are of such
a nature as for ever to unfit them for the purposes of agri-
culture, and are not worth an expenditure of angry feeling
as to who shall or who shall not inhabit them. We may as
well admit that Washington Territory, and Oregon, and
Utah, and New Mexico, are, with the exception of a few
limited areas, composed of mountain chains and unfruitful
plains ; and that, whatever route is selected for a railroad
to the Pacific, it must wind the greater part of its length
through a country destined to remain forever au uninhabited
and dreary waste."
The writer states, that barren and dreary wastes,
without a sign of vegetation beyond a few stunted
bushes, and entirely devoid of the presence of a
single tree, are encountered upon every route, and
form a principal feature in the scenery. Fuel,
which is of itself one fifth of the cost of trans-
portation on an ordinary railroad, is not to be
procured for hundreds of miles on these routes;
and water, also, is not to be had without the aid
of artesian wells, of the practicability of which
we have no reliable knowledge. I go not mi-
nutely into the subject; I stop to consider it only
so long as is necessary to express my individual
opinion, in concurrence with this reviewer, and
to say that, in my judgment, it is certain, if this
nation is not blessed beyond any other which
, ever existed on the face of the earth, before any
such railroad can possibly be completed, we shall
be involved in war with some of the greatest mar-
itime Powers on the earth. When that time shall
arrive, if we have not an unobstructed passage
through the Isthmus for ourselves and for our
countrymen on the Pacific, the intelligence of an
attack from the enemy in that quarter must be
borne to us through this wilderness, and we must
send troops to assist them by the same route,
j The best measure we can adopt for these pur-
j poses is to make a national road for wagons and
: carriages on some route as nearly central as may
! be, with stations for troops to protect passengers
j upon it at the distance of every twenty miles..
But I am, perhaps, digressing too far from the
subject I wished to consider.
Then, sir, we see the importance of this inter-
oceanic passage to us; and that if Great Britain
had it, and should hold it as she did prior to the
treaty of 1850, we know what would be our
position. She would, by her control over this
strait, hold our bond to keep the peace towards
her, no matter what insult or injury she might
inflict on us. If we should go to war with her
while she remained in possession of the country
commanding this passage, she unquestionably—
holding the means of seizing any canal or rail-
road there—would force us to make the long and
dangerous voyage of more than twelve thousand
I miles around Cape Horn, or cut us off from our
j territories on the Pacific, and, in a protracted
! war, drive their inhabitants to the desperate altern-
ative of intolerable suffering or disunion. Rather
than remain under the control of a Government
to which they could have no access, they would
at last be compelled to set up an independent
government of their own. This is the calcula-
j tion of statesmen abroad; and I wish those of
