1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1175
to me last winter by Major Stein. He was ordered
last summer to march four companies front Fort
Belknap, in the State of Texas, to Fort Reilly,in
the Territory of Kansas. He told me that a cer-
tain amount of money was placed at his disposal
to defray the expenses of the transport of these
four companies of dragoons, and that the march
of these four companies of dragoons, a distance
of five or six hundred miles, across those grassy
plains, did not cost the Government a single ad-
ditional dollar. Why? For the very reason that
he had the means of transportation on hand. He
moved the troops across the plains, subsisting
his animals on the grass; and these animals car-
ried not only the tent equipage, and everything
of that kind, but the provisions necessary for the
supportof the soldiers; and these same provisions
would have been consumed if the troops had re-
mained at their post.
Mr. STANTON. "Will the gentleman have the
goodness to explain to me this: how it comes
that in the item for transport, resulting from the
necessity of removing troops, the sum already
appropriated falls short nearly one million of
dollars ?
Mr, PHELPS. Yes; I will tell the gentleman.
The gentleman professes to be a kind of Sir Ora-
cle. He told us that he has examined in regard to
the matter. Has he examined it? No, he has
not; for the very document which he has quoted
here shows that there was a deficiency arising
during the last fiscal year,under the head of trans-
port of §600,000; ana this §600,000 was taken out.
of the $1,000,000 appropriated. Is not the gentle-
man aware of the fact ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well. Then, there was,
substantially, an appropriation of only §400,000
for the transport of the Army for this fiscal year.
Now, does the gentleman expect that an Army,
consisting of eighteen regiments, can be moved
around and disposed in the places where they
are required at an expense of only §400,000 ? I
have told the gentleman myself, and I have told
the House in discussing this matter, that the trans-
port of the ninth regiment of infantry, which it
was not the intention of the Secretary of War to
have sent to the Pacific coast until the next fiscal
year—cost about $900,000. This is an expense
which was not anticipated. The unexpected
movement of this regiment was occasioned by the
sudden breaking out of Indian hostilities.
Here is an unexpected expenditure of about
$200,000; so that if the appropriation for trans-
portation shall be made, it will afford about
$1,300,000 for the ordinary transportation of the
Army for the present year. And when thegentle-
man from Ohio asks me what has becomaif this
deficiency of §1,000,000, I tell him thatWhave
accounted for' §800,000, the greater part of
which was for a deficiency for the last fiscal year;
§200,000 has been expended by an unforeseen
emergency, leaving §1,200,000 for defraying the
other expenses of transportation, which, in a
year of so extensive Indian disturbances, I ask
if it is an extravagant amount?
Mr. H. MARSIIALL. I should like to inquire
of my friend from Missouri, if he means to say
that the Quartermaster General took the appro-
priation made for the present fiscal year to sup-
ply a deficiency of the last fiscal year ?
Mr. PHELPS. Certainly.
Mr. MARSHALL. Upon his own authority ?
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir; by the authority of
Jaw, as I understand it, and by the authority of
the practice of the Government from its founda-
tion. Ifyou will examine, you will find that the
accounts of every year arc balanced from the
appropriations for the year following. Why, sir,
if you will look at the expenses—the contingent
expenses of your foreign missions, you will find
that the accounts are scarcely ever balanced at the
end of every fiscal year. Sometimes there is an
unexpended balance on hand at the end of the
year, and it is applied to the expenses of the next
year; sometimes there is a deficiency, and it is
paid out of the appropriations of the next year.
The Government of the United States, in its
expanded operations, cannot balanceits books at
the close of each fiscal year. It is impossible.
The gentleman from Kentucky himself knows
that his vouchers, when acting as Minister to
China, wore not acted upon for some length of
time after the close of the fiscal year. He knows
that there were no certain means of regular com-
munication with this Government. If I am not
mistaken, communications sent by him did not
reach this country, frequently, in six months,
and sometimes not within nine months. Perhaps
I name too long a period, but these communica-
tions are always a very long time in coming. So
that, when these estimates are made out, the un-
expended balance, if any on hand, is taken into
consideration, and the deficiency, if any is be-
lieved to exist, is also taken into consideration in
computing the amount necessary to be expended
in the year following. And it must be remem-
bered that but three months of the last fiscal year
bad expired when the estimates for the present
year were made out.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I understood the
gentleman from Missouri to state, in reply to the
gentleman from Kentucky, that this appropria-
tion of money appropriated for one fiscal year,
was applied to meet the deficiency of another
fiscal year, and that such transfer was not onlj*
authorized by the practice of the Government,
which is entitled to its weight, but likewise au-
thorized by law. Now, will my friend from Mis-
souri do me the favor to put his finger upon the
particular statute justifying that transfer?
Mr. PHELPS. My recollection is, that there
are two or three statutes upon the subject. One
was passed, if I mistake not,in 1820, and another,
I think, at some time previous. I did not expect
to be called on, and I am not prepared to cite the
volume and page of the law. But the gentleman
from Maryland recognizes the practice. He will
acknowledge that such has been the practice. I
will cite him as one instance to the fact, that,
during the first fiscal year of the present Admin-
istration, a very large amount was applied to pay
off the arrearages of the previous Administration.
But, sir.as a mattorof practice,I apprehend there
can be no difference of opinion.
Sir, if you have confidence in your officers, and
ifyou acknowledge that this course of procedure
has existed from the foundation of the Govern-
ment, I think gentlemen must be satisfied that the
practice exists either under express statute, or
under a construction which has been given to
existing law—a construction to which the atten-
tion of every Congress has been called by the pub-
lication of the receipts and expenditures of the
Government. I take it for granted, therefore,
that the practice exists upon good authority.
Mr. DAVIS. I have confidence in ail the of-
ficers of every administration of this Government
to the full extent of the law, and not one single inch
further.
Mr. PHELPS. I will go with the gentleman
there.
Mr. DAVIS. If the practice to which the gen-
tleman has alluded is founded upon authority of
law, when I sec that authority I shall be ready
to proceed upon that authority. But, sir, I con-
tend that the conduct of the Administration in
applying §600,000 of the appropriation for one
year to meet the deficiency of another is a flagrant
violation of existing law, and that constitutes my
chief objection to these military items. And, sir,
I waive a great point when I agree to support
these items, in consequence of the pressing neces-
sities of the Government in relation to the Indian
hostilities.
Mr. PHELPS. Does the gentleman from Ma-
ryland think this is the first instance since the
foundation of the Government that the law has
been violated?
Mr. DAVIS. Unfortunately, it is not. But
this is a most flagrant instance of such violation.
Mr. PHELPS. Flagrant, because of the
amount?
Mr. DAVIS. That is one reason.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I can point the gentle-
man to a more flagrant violation during the last
Whig Administration. If the gentleman will go
for a correction of the general practice, if it is an
abuse, I will go with him.
Mr. DAVIS. I care not what Administration
is concerned.
Mr. PHELPS. So much for that matter. Al-
lusion was made to the facilities which I might
possess of obtaining information from the officers
of this Administration.
Mr. LINDLEY. Will my colleague allow me
to ask what years of the last Administration he
alludes to ?
Mr. PHELPS. Several appropriations were
transferred during that Administration.
Mr. LINDLEY. During what years ?
Mr. PHELPS. During the years 1850,1851,
and 1852.
"When interrupted by my colleague, I was
about proceeding to reply to the charge "made
yesterday, that I had peculiar facilities to become
acquainted with the designs and movements of
the present Administration of the Government.
I deny that charge. X have no other facilities
than those of every member of this body. I have
sought no information privately. What inform-
ation I have obtained, the officers of the Govern-
ment were ready to give to other gentlemen. I
had the honer of a seat on this floor during the
two preceding Administrations, and ! will say
that the .officers under all of the Administrations
since I have been here have been ready at all
times to afford me every facility to obtain the in-
formation I desired. 1 have had no greater facili-
ties !Jfeier this than under preceding Administra-
tions. "When I sought information for the guid-
ance of my steps as a legislator to correct results,
I have found every officer of the Government
ready to respond to my requests. Perhaps I may
not have probed the matter to the extent desired
by some gentlemen. I neither loved nor hated
the preceding Administration. I am willing to
accord it all the praise it deserves. "When it
brought forward a measure which met the ap-
proval of my judgment I voted for it. If it did
not I voted against it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It is due to the gentleman
to explain what I meant to say. I did not intend
to impute to the gentleman any want of talent,
industry, or rigid examination of facts. On the
contrary, I think he has distinguished himself
by those qualities. I rather meant to compliment
him above his colleagues. I do not believe the
gentleman can deny that.
Mr. PHELPS. If I understand thoroughly
the questions which come before this House, it
is only because I closely apply myself to a study
of the details of the business of the Government.
Every member ought to so qualify himself. This
Administration does not give me information
privately which it is not willing to present here. '
The other day, on a question which I thought it
was my duty to discuss, I sought for information
from a political opponent, and I obtained it. He
was as ready to give it to others as he was to
give it to me. He was, and is, willing to give
members of this House any informaton which
they may desire, and itis in his power to give. _
In regard to the judiciary appropriation in this
bill, it appears that some gentlemen suspect—to
use a common phrase—a " negro under the hay."
"Will gentlemen withhold the appropriation neces-
sary to execute the laws of the United States?
Will they withhold the appropriation necessary
to a prosecution of the frauds perpetrated in the
issue of laud warrants? W^ill they withhold the
appropriation necessary to bring to punishment
persons who have been engaged in perpetrating
frauds on the Pension Office, by procuring war-
rants to bo issued for pensions to those who were
not entitled to them? Will they withhold the ap-
propriations necessary to execute the neutrality
laws of this Government? Will they do that?
and that, too, at a time when some gentlemen
think that there is a spirit of filibusterisin rife in
the land? Are gentlemen disposed to stop the
wheels of the Government in those particulars?
Arc they willing to see criminals go unpunished?
Will they prevent a prosecution of those unlaw-
fully engaged in the slave trade, when it is a no-
torious fact that slavers are frequently being fitted
out in Boston and New York to go to Africa and
carry its inhabitants into slavery, either to South
America or Cuba ? Are gentlemen who shriek so
loud for freedom, willing to sec those engaged ill
the prosecution of the slave trade go unpunished,
whilst I, a pro-slavery man, am for the rigid en-
forcement of the lav/ ?
1 desire to sec all the laws of the country, so
long as they remain on the statute-book, properly
enforced. If any one violates the law prohibit-
ing the slave trade, I want to see him pro'secutea
and brought to punishment. Because money
may be expended under this appropriation for
the" purpose of defraying the expenses incurred
in the arrest of fugitive slaves, will gentlemen
withhold the money necessary to maintain the
