1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43&
34th Cong 1st Sess.
Clayton-Bulicer Treaty—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
our own country to understand the stakes of the |
game which has been played, and may be played j
nsrninst them hereafter.
Ii was my purpose, in rising to address the i
Senate, to examine some of the causes which j
have led to the misinterpretation of this treaty i
Hy Great Britain, and to the complication of the :
relations of this country with her; to state what
1 believe are the reasons why the question is not
settled; and then to present, for the consideration
of the Senate and the country, my opinion as to
the course which tho Administration of the Gov-
ernment ought to pursue in view of the circum-
stances which surround them.
If the " statement for Mr. Buchanan," signed
l>v Lord Clarendon, and dated the 2d of May,
1854, t e correct, it clearly appears that the course
pursued in regard to this treaty by Mr. Webster,
the Secretary of State under President Fillmore,
who came into office immediately after its ratifi-
cation, was *.he original cause of the miscon-
struction and evasion which it has since encoun-
tered. Not only did the concessions alleged by
Lord Clarendon to have been made by him to
Sir H. L. Bulwer encourage the British Govern- i
jnent to misinterpret and pervert the treaty on
die subject of her protectorate, but his declara-
tion that the Uuited States had no direct interest
in any question concerning Nicaragua and Mos-
quito, except as respected the construction of the
canal and its free navigation, and should take no
r«rt in any negotiation touching the liberation of
Central America, gave Great Britain at once to
understand that the new British claim to the Bay
Islands was a matter of entire indifference to the
United States. Read what Lord Clarendon says
to Mr. Buchanan on this subject, and who can
doubt—if what he alleges be true—that to this
gentleman's management of this part of our
foreign relations we owe all the discrepancy on
this subject which we now witness between the
two Governments. Then take up the corre-
spondence just laid on our tables, and now com-
municated to the public for the first time,in reply
to a resolution of the Senate relating to a projet
of a treaty made by him and Mr. Crampton, to
which they intended Nicaragua and Costa Rica,
as well as the United States and Great Britain,
should have been parties, and you will find such
an entire departure from the meaning and objects
of the treaty of 1850, as will leave no room for
future question as to the true source of some of the !
British perversions of that instrument. You see .
.in that correspondence constantly recurring as- ,
sertions of the British agents in Central America j
—Consul Chatfield and Captain Robert Smart— |
that the treaty positively recognizes the British ,
protectorate, and no rebuke of that misrepresent-
ation from Mr. Webster; although Smart acted
by orders from the British Government, and Mr.
Marcoleta called Mr. Webster's attention to the
British misconstruction at the time. You see, in
that projet of a treaty, an explicit admission of .
the British claim that the Mosquito Indians held
absolute sovereignty and dominion in Central
America; for the projet assigns to them, forever,
a large tract of territory, laid down on the map
oiade at the office of the Coast Survey, in the very
heart of Central America, and within short strik-
ing distance of the proposed canal through Nicar-
agua; and this, too, while there is no provision to
abolish the British protectorate. So that, as far
as Great Britain could learn the views of this
Government from him, we were quite willing she
should hold this territory as she had claimed to
hold all the Mosquito country before the treaty.
Then recur to that clause, in this projet of a
treaty, which was to take a whole province of
Nicaragua, lying south of the San Juan river and
bordering on that river, from the State of Nicar- .
a^ua—which had granted, by charter, to our i
citizens the right of transit—and to transfer that
game province to Costa Rica, a State notoriously
under British influence, having actually granted
a charter for the right of way to British subjects. J
This treaty was defeated by the firmness of Mar-
coleta, the Nicaraguan Minister, who refused to
sign it, and thereby transfer a large part of his
own country to another State; and who, for his
exposure and the consequent defeat of the whole
scheme, was dismissed during Mr. Fillmore's
administration.
These papers, now for the first time published,
were called for bv the Senate during the session
of 1853-'53, and Mr. Everett declined to furnish
them to this body, on the ground that it was in-
compatible with the public interest to do so. In
what view, or for what reason, it could have been
then incompatible with the public interest to lay
them before the Senate, I am at a loss to conceive,
unless it was with a view to renew similar nego-
tiations. None such have been attempted. What
other sound reason for suppressing them then
existed, which does not exist now ? Mr. Marcy
has not had the slightest difficulty in laying them
before us. The truth is, that by suppressing
them for the purpose of continuing such negotia-
tions, the nation has been kept in the dark as to
the real origin and the true source from which
sprang all the misinterpretations and perversions
of the treaty of 1850, if what Lord Clarendon
says on this subject be correctly stated. Had
President Taylor lived out his term of office, it
is my settled conviction there never would have
been any difference of construction between the
two Governments. When I read the correspond-
ence now laid on our tables, and the statement of
Lord Clarendon as to the admission of Mr. Web-
ster, I am impelled, by a strict sense of truth and
justice, to declare that I doubt whether that
gentleman, whose mind, in his better days, was
always the subject of my admiration, did in fact
ever read the treaty of 1850, and the correspond-
ence which led to it, while he was in the State
Department. How are we to reconcile his ad-
mission of the British construction, as Lord Clar-
endon states it, with his own vote in favor of this
treaty, while he was a member of the Senate ?
His name' stands recorded as one of the forty-four
Senators who voted for the treaty, and he was a
member of the Committee on Foreign Relations
which reported in favor of it. How could he
have voted for such a treaty as he afterwards ad-
mitted it to be? How could he have made such
a concession, if he remembered the contents of it
when he made such an admission ? His conces-
sion that the British protectorate was not dis-
armed, and that this Government was not con-J
cerned in, and he consequently was indisposed
to consider, questions touching anything but the
proposed canal in Nicaragua, thus ignoring one
great object of the treaty, which was the liberation
of Central America, includingthe Baylslandsand
the country south of the Siboon river, was utter-
ly inconsistent with his own recorded vote, given
under a sense of all his solemn responsibilities as
a Senator, in favor of a treaty whicn debarred our
countrymen forever from acquiring any territory
in any part of Central America. President Taylor,
in his message communicating the treaty to the
Senate, informed them that the liberation of Cen-
tral America was the effect of the treaty; and Mr.
Webster certainly knew that when he voted for
the treaty in the Senate. To me it is apparent,
that, as this distinguished man approached the
close of life, he paid but little attention to the
treaty itself; and therefore, by inconsiderate con-
cessions, encouraged the British Ministry to adopt
a construction to which the President and Sen-
ate, who made the treaty, never assented, and to
which not one man in this Chamber is now willing
to assent.
Another source of embarrassment will be found
in the misapprehension, and consequent miscon-
structions, of the treaty in Congress, before all
the correspondence which led to it had been
published and understood. I have heretofore
explained this, and will not occupy time now
by recapitulating what I then said. Much error
arose from a misapprehension of the geography
of Belize. Mr. M!arcy, in his instructions to
Solon Borland, of the 30th of December, 1853,
settles that matter by deciding, what I always
contended for, that " no part of Belize, when
restricted to its proper limits, is within the
boundaries of Central America."
A still further difficulty now lying in the way
of an amicable understanding between the two
Governments in regard to this subject, is the
unfortunate invasion of Walker—seizing the ter-
ritories of Nicaragua with a band of adventurers
having the name of Americans, though we have
every reason to believe that many of his followers
are the outcasts of Europe. A more atrocious
and unprincipled act than that of this filibuster
and buccaneer, in thus attacking, without any
declaration of war or previous cause of war, tho
Government of a weak and defenseless State, with
which this nation was at the time, anil always
has been, on terms of amity, it would be difficult
to discover in the annals of piracy. He has
added deliberate, cold-blooded murder to the cata-
lojjue of his crimes in that unhappy country.
His occupation of it is ascribed in Europe to a
i predetermination on the part of our Government
to annex Central America to the United States,
according—as people abroad contend—to the pre-
cedent set in the case of Texas. Although there
is not a particle of proof to sustain so foul a
calumny—although the world has abundant evi-
dence of the fidelity with which the Executive
i has labored to arrest these filibusters, and main-
I tain our neutrality act of 1818—yet, inasmuch aa
j some hundreds from California, New Orleans,
! and New York, escaped the vigilance of the ex-
I ecutive officers, and joined Walker, it is a difficult
I matter to persuade the people of Great Britain
that our Government did not connive at the expe-
i dition.
i This delusion is deeply injurious to our char-
acter as a nation, as it is sure to enlist against
us wherever it prevails, the feelings of high-
minded and honorable men. It has drawn upon
us the bitterest invectives from the English press,
and especially from that portion of it which is in
the immediate confidence of the Ministry. They
have even gone so far in some of their publica-
i tions as to threaten us with a European congress,
to restrain our fillibustering propensities; and as
a means of obtaining what they deem so laud-
able an object, they have proposed to search our
ships for arms and men, suspected either as
slavers or filibusters. At this moment all our pro-
fessions of neutrality in regard to Central Amer-
ica are suspected or absolutely distrusted; and
it is rational to suppose that, under such circum-
stances, Great Britain would be anxious to resume
the position in that region of which she was di-
vested by the treaty of 1850. Hope is therefore
cherished that we may abrogate that convention,
as some persons here are known to have threat-
ened. I do not believe this Government will
imitate the wisdom of the man who burnt his
deed for the land he had purchased because the
seller, after receiving payment, refused to give him
possession. Then, while we claim the evacuation
of Central America by Great Britain in compli-
ance with her treaty stipulations, she, suspecting
us of secretly intending to evade them, seeks to
resume her possession in defiance of it; and for
this purpose so misinterprets the instrument as
to give her the power to repel our attempt to
annex it. Time will convince her that she has
mistaken our purpose. The Executive is entitled
to the thanks of the country for the fidelity with
which it has endeavored to preserve our neutral-
ity. Honor to the President and Secretary of
State, should they continue to adhere to this prin-
ciple ! At this moment they refuse to acknowl-
edge the Government of the buccaneer. In the
extremity of his arrogance he has dismissed our
Minister, and seized upon all the property within
his grasp. He has, without the semblance of jus-'
tice, ana without any appeal to the laws, seized
property of the American Transit Company, of
the value Of $1,000,000, forfeited their charter,
and granted another charter to one of his com-
rades for his own benefit. I submit to the Senate'
a copy of this decree, issued by Rivas, his
locum tenens in Nicaragua:
The Provisional President of the Republic of Nicaragua to
its Inhabitants.
Whereas, by a decree of the 18th instant, the grants to
the company for canal navigation from the Atlantic to the
Pacific oceans, under date of September 22,1849, that rf
the Accessory Transit Company, dated 29th of August, 1851,
together with the acts of reincorporation, dated 9th of
March, 1850, were repealed and revoked—the Government
desiring to replace these, and secure the continuation of
the Transit in the exercise of its rights, decrees the proposi-
tions following:
1. The Republic of Nicaragua cedes to the Sefior Edmond
Sandolph and his associates, the Tight and exclusive privi-
lege, for the term of twenty five-years from the date hereof,
to transport across its territory, by one route alone, passen-
gers and goods from the port of San Juan del Norte in Nic-
aragua, or any other more practicable port on the Atlantic
side, to the port of San Juan del Sur, or any other more
practicable port on the Pacific side, at the option of the7
