2050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 12,
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills,, which had heretofore re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker of the House
of Representatives-;
An act for the relief of Charles Stearns;
- An act for the relief of Daniel Doland; and
An act gran ting a pension to Ansel Wilkinson.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the j
Senate a communication from the President of the '
United States, m compliance with the resolution
of the Senate of the 3d of March, 1855, request-
ing information relative to the proceedings of the
commissioners for the adjustment ofclaims under
the convention with Great Britain of the 8th of
February, 1853, transmitting- a report from the
Secretary of State on the subject.
Mr. MASON. At the last session the Senate,
in anticipation of that report coming in, made an
order to print the usual number of copies for the
use of the Senate. I ask now for the printing of
live hundred copies in addition for the use of the
Department of State. I offer the following res-
olution for that purpose:
Unsolved, That in addition to the usual number of copies
of the report of the commissioners for the adjustment of
claims under the convention of February 8,1853, between
the United States and Great Britain, and documents con-
v nected therewith, ordered to be primed for the use of the
Senate, there be printed five hundred copies for the use of
the Depaitment of State.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Court of Claims, made in
pursuance of law, of the decision of that court m
favor of the claim of Thomas Rhodes and Jeie-
miah Anstill, accompanied by a bill for their
relief; which, on motion of Mr. Brodhead, was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BUTLER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Court of Claims be requested to re-
turn to the Senate the bill, and the paper-* connected with
it, in the case of the claim of the administrator of Francis
Buit.
MEMORIALS.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorials of Rob-
ert Harrison and Letitia Humphreys, praying
for the allowance of their claims under the 9th
article of the Florida treaty of 1819; which were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition of J.
Hosford Smith, reported a bill (S. No. 448) for
his relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. #
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
189) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1857, reported
it without amendment, and gave notice that he
should ask for its consideration at one o'clock.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the me-
morial of James Morrow, for services in the
Japan expedition as astronomer, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 449) for the '
relief of Dr. James Morrow; which was read, and |
passed to a second reading. I
Mr. REID, from the Committee on Indian !
AlFairs, who were instructed by a resolution of :
the Senate to inquire into the expediency of
^rantingindemnity to the widow of William Gay, ,
late Shawnee Indian agent, reported a hill (S. No.;
450) for the relief of Mrs. Mary Gay; which was j
read, and passed to a second reading. i
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE-. j
A message from the House of Representatives,!
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that they 1
had passed the following bills of the Senate, -
without amendment: ■'
An act (S. No. 27G) for the relief of Norwood
McClelland, master of the steamboat New World;
and
An act (S. No. 419) to alter the time of holding
the district court in South Carolina, and for other
purposes.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; which were read
twice by their titles, and referred, as indicated
below:
An act (H. R. No. 123) to continue the land
offices at Vincennes, Indiana, and to ascertain
and adjust the titles to certain lands in the States
of Indiana and Illinois, formerly included within
the Vincennes land district—to the Committee on
Public Lands.
An act (H. R. No. 451) making appropriations
for light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &c., and
providing for the erection and establishment of
the same, and for other purposes—to the Com-
mittee on Commerce
An act (H. R. No. 567) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Navy to purchase additional grounds
adjoining certain navy-yards therein named, and
for other purposes—to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
COLONEL JOHN HARDIN.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to call up for
consideration the motion to reconsider the vote
rejecting the bill for the relief of the heirs of
Colonel John Hardin. The bill was rejected;
but at my instance the Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Hunter] was good enough to move a re-
consideration. The subject has remained in that
condition since. I hope it will be disposed of.
I make a motion to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the question
was stated to be on the motion to reconsider the
vote refusing to pass the bill (H. R. No. 272)
for the relief of the heirs of the late Colonel John
Hardin.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If I supposed the Sen-
ate had undeistood the facts of this case, I should
not trouble them with any motion for reconsid-
eration, nor with the remark which I am now
about to make. My only object is to make the
case understood.
Colonel John Hardin was a man distinguished
in the early history of this country for his intel-
ligence and energy of character. In 1791, Gen-
eral Wilkinson, being in command of the little
army of the United States employed in the West,
where Indian hostilities were apprehended very
seriously, at a time when the Indians were in
sufficient force to create alarm for the safety of
the whole "West, appealed in a critical moment to
Colonel John Hardin to convey a message to the
hostile Indians to endeavor to bring thcni into
some negotintion for peace. He was sent for to
Kentucky, and upon his summons ho attended
General Wilkinson at Fort Washington, where
Cincinnati now stands. It was understood to be
a dilficult and dangerous oilice that he had to per-
form. The Indians had given every indication
of hostility, and were known to intend hostile
movements upon the settlers, and it wos doubted
whether any forces of the United Stales, in (hat
partof the country, were able to meet then"). This
was the General condition of the country. We
can hardly now, with our great population and
great prosperity, realize that at such a recent time
this could have been the condition of things; but
so it was in the year 1792. Indian depredations
were made to the very heart of Kentucky, reach-
ing were I nowhvefat the seat of government.
Houses were destroyed, prisoners taken, and
men and women killed.
It was in this hour of peril that Hardin was
summoned by General Wilkinson. He desired
him to go among the Indians. All this is attested
bv eotemporaneons letters wrilten by Colonel
Haulm at the time, from what is now Cincinnati,
to his family, which he had just left behind; and
e\idenee more unquestionable; I suppose, could
hardly be presented. I will not read all these
letters, though they are interesting, relating to a
time gone by, and of the greatest interest. They
show the diameter uf this old soldier—piety
and bravery so strangely mixed up m the char-
acter of the frontiersman. These are letters
written from Hardin to his family in Kentucky,
in the first of which he says:
"Fort Washington, •April 98, 179-i.
My very dear Love • This is to inform you that \ ar-
med safe at tin? piace yesteiday, at one o'clock. 1 am in
good health, through nieicy, cind f hope this will find you
and our deai little ones m health and m good spirits, looking
to God, through Jesus, for protection and favor. I am not
certain what time i shall bet out for the Indian towns, as
the dispatches that the General sent forward have not yet
returned, and he waits their return before I set off. Neither
has the General and 1 come on certain terms, but he is very
anxious i shall go. The Indians have killed sevcial per-
sons in this quarter lately, and leave behind them war-
clubs, which denotes their intention is war. But let not
tins give you any uneasiness, as J have not a doubt but I
shall meet with e;ood treatment, as the speech and belt that
I shall take, if 1 go, is from the President of the United
States."
That is his first letter. In the second letter,
which is dated May 10, of which I will read
only an extract, he says:
" I have no doubt but the Indians are holding a council;
and if that is the ease some Indians are expected in with
them, but perhaps may not be these ten days; and until
their return,I cannot leave this. General Wilkinson has
promised me a guinea a day from the day I left home until
T return; but this is not an object with me that would
cau-je me to detain or keep at a distance fiom you. I am
smceiely anxious to be with you, my deai,and my little
ones, (oh, give my love to them all,) and tell them I will
return as soon as I can, and I hope Providence will prove
kind and restore me once moie to you and them." * *
" I have sent you a Anther sum of money to enable you to
pay Mr. Robeit Tobin for his horse, and to defray all other
necessary expenses you may probably be at until I return;
and should the same prove not sufficient you will write to
General James Wilkinson, who has promised to furnish
you with what money you may stand 111 need of until T re-
turn; and should I fall a sacrifice in this important attempt,
the General has piomised me to be your steady friend, and
that your yeaily supply fiom the Government shall not be
le&s than §200 during your natural life."
This letter bears date from General Wilkin-
son's camp, on the 10th May, 1792. He went on
that expedition, and peiishea by the hands of the
Indians. Congress, in the year 1793, a year after
he had fallen a sacrifice, passed an act, granting
to his widow and children, five or six in number,
$450 for seven years, beginning from July, 1792,
the time 1 presume when he was killed. That
was paid. It was for the wife and to his chil-
dren, some five or six in number. What I have
read shows beyond doubt that a promise was
made that the wife's yearly supply from the Gov-
ernment should never be less than §200 a year
duung her natural life. Is this pioinise estab-
lished to the satisfaction of the Senate ? I have
read the evidence in the cotemporaneous letter
of her husband the moment he is starting out.
In this letter he tells her " the compensation to
me is nothing; I would not go for that; but the
General has promised that as long as you live
you shall have a supply from the Government of
at least $200 a year." There is nut a Senator I
think who will doubt that this promise was made.
Now, how has it been fulfilled? A year after-
wards, Congress, without having, from anything I
can learn, any knowledge of this specific promise,
made a provision for Mrs. Hardin and her chil-
dren of $450 a year, for seven years from July,
1792. How is that to be counted ? How far has
it been a satisfaction of this promise, that the
widow should have $200 a year at least for her
support during life? Without going into any
arguments on the division of this money among
the widow and her five or six children, to whom
it was as much granted as to her, I beg leave to
read the act:
" Whereas, Colonel John Hardin and Major Alexander
Trueman, while employed in carrying messages of peace
to the hostile Indians, were killed by said Indians,
Be it enacted, 4 c., That §450 per annum, for seven years,
be allowed to the widow and oiphan children of the said
Colonel John Hardin, and the sum of .$300 per annum, for
the same term of seven years, to the oiphan clnldien of the
said Major Alexander Trueman, to commence on the 1st
day of July, 1792, arid to be paid half yearly, at the Treas-
uiy, to the said widow, and to the guardians of the said
orphan children, or to their legal attorneys.
" Approved February 27, 1793."
Trueman was another man employed in similar
services, and who also perished, but not with
Hardin. That $450 per annum for the seven
years I am willing should be computed so as to
make her the recipient of $200 a year, and, there-
fore, is a satisfaction for that term of seven years
of her $200 a year. That expired in 1799. Since
that time she has never received one cent, and she
lived to the year 1829, a period of exactly thirty
years, during which she received nothing under
the promise to allow her at least an annuity of
$200 per annum during her natural life. There
was a subsequent grant, to which I will call the
attention of the Senate for a moment. It was
passed at the expiration of the pension for seven
years, which brought it down to 1799. It is:
" Be it eixacted, fyc., That there shall be annually paid to
the guardians, respectively, of the sons and daughter.-, of
the late Colonel John Hardin, deceased, and to theguardiau
