1176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
courts of justice? Provision was made in the
civil and diplomatic bill for 1852, to defray the
expenses incurred in the execution of the fugi-
tive slave law. It is in these words:
" That where the ministerial officers of the United States
have err shall incur extraordvnaiy expense m executing the
jaw thereof, the payment of which i< not specifically pro-
vided for, the President of the United States is authorized
to allow the payment thereof, under tlie special taxation of
the district or circuit court of the district in which the said
services have been or shall be rendered, to be paid from
the appropriation lor paying the expenses of the judiciary."
The gentleman from Ohio alluded to the ex-
penses incurred by the marshal of the southern
district of Ohio m the arrest of some fugitive
slaves at Cincinnati. He said that they amounted
to $27,000; and that he was unwilling they should
be paid. Is he not willing to trust the judges of
the district and circuit courts of the United States
for the southern district of Ohio to adjudicate on
those expenses? Is he unwilling to trust the First
Comptroller of the Treasury, who is also tapass
on these expenses? Does he distrust th^Piteg-
rity of that sworn official, who was the gentle-
man's predecessor in this House ? These accounts
are to be passed before the courts and before the
Comptroller of the Treasury. Can Elisha Whit-
tlesey's character for purity and integrity be ques-
tioned here by any man? Does the gentleman
not believe that he will faithfully cxecute the laws
of the land? Does he not believe that the Comp-
troller will refuse to allow any unreasonable
expenditure—any expenditure not authorized by
law?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have every confidence in
Mr. Whittlesey; but that man does not live, in
whose hands 1 will place money to be squandered
as the public money was squandered by that
marshal of Ohio.
Mr. PHELPS. My colleague on the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means [Mr. Campbell] called
the attention of the House on yesterday to the
fact, that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings]
voted for the appropriation out of which were
paid the expenses incurred in Boston to return
Anthony Burns.
Mr. GIDDINGS. If I failed to d5 my duty
at any previous time, I shall not let the gentleman
profit by it. I call on him to do his duty now.
Mr. PHELPS. When I come here to ask for
an appropriation, I will come prepared to show
the law which authorizes it. Now, I ask whether
there is any member here who is unwilling to see j
the laws executed ? While they are on the stat-
ute-book we arc bound to execute them. The
Chief Magistrate is sworn to sec that the laws
arc faithfully executed—the fugitive slaveTlaw as
well as all others; and for that purpose he has
his aids—his executive officers—throughout the
land. The gentleman seemed to intimate that if
the expense was ten, or fifteen, or fifty dollars,
lie would not object to the appropriation: that
was the fair inference from lus remaiks. His
objection seemed to be to the magnitude of the
expenses.
So far as these expenditures of the judiciary
are concerned, inquires have been made how
these expenditures have been swelled to so large
a sum. The Secretary of the Interior has told
you, in his communication to Congress, that these
expenditures were swelled to their present extent
inconscqucnce of increased business in the courts,
in consequence of the establishment of new judi-
ciary districts, thereby multiplying the sessions
of the courts, multiplying the number of grand
jurors, the number of petit jurors, nnd the num-
ber of other officers who arc to be paid their foes.
Again: we all know that there have been sev-
eral cases of prosecutions instituted, some in
Ohio, some in Pennsylvania,some in New York,
and some in Louisiana, for an alleged violation of
the neutrality laws. These prosecutions have
been attended with large expenses. By these
means have the judicial expenses been increased.
I know the gentleman from Ohio has made ob-
jection to this item because, a marshal attended a
court and received the per diem to which he was
entitled, in a case where the judge opened his
court and held it open a longer time than was
reasonable and proper. Does not the gentleman
know that it was the duty of the marshal to at-
tend ?
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman misappre-
hends my point. The gentleman himself pre-
sented to the Plouse a report from the Secretary
of the Interior, showing that a marshal had pre-
sented a fraudulent account.
Mr. PHELPS. Not fraudulent.
Mr. STANTON. Yes, fraudulent. Hecharged
for twenty-eight days' service, when he was only
entitled to two days' service. He charged that*
upon a writ issued on the 9th and executed on
the 10th of the month. Now, what I said was,
that I would put no more money in that marshal's
hands.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman and myself,
then, were speaking of different marshals. If he
thinks that the marshal to whom he now refers is
the marshal of the western district of Pennsylva-
nia, he is mistaken. I was referring to the mar-
shal for the western districtof Pennsylvania; and
when I spoke of holding open the court longer
than the business required, I was speaking of the
court for that district.
So far as those expenditures are concerned, and
Jo which the gentleman from Ohio now refers, he
Knows those accounts have not been paid, and
that they are held m suspense for the purpose of
investigation and allowance. And who is to act
upon those accounts? The Secretary of the In-
tenor ? No, he possesses no power over the mat-
ter. He does not act in a quasi-judicial capacity.
He only examines and transmits the accounts to
the First Auditor and the First Comptroller, and
there those accounts are to be passed upon; and
according to the adjudication of the first of those
two officers, and the confirmation of the First
Comptroller, will that marshal be paid, and not
without.
Mr. STANTON. I am sorry I cannot get the
gentleman to understand me. 1 want to know if
lie is willing to give that marshal any more money?
Mr. PHELPS. I havenothingto do in relation
to that.
Mr. STANTON. I have. *
Mr. PHELPS. Then, because the gentleman
from Ohio believes that there is one marshal out
of forty or fifty in the United States, who is un-
faithful, and who acts fraudulently, he is unwill-
ing that the courts of this country shall be held
open for the purpose of prosecuting offenders
against the laws of the United States; and this,
too, when the gentleman from Ohio knows that
the accounts have not been paid, and that an ex-
planation has-been demanded fr-om that marshal.
In my opinion, unless he can present a satisfactory
explanation, that marshal will soon cease to be a
marshal.
But the gentleman from Ohio places himself in
this position, that no more courts shall be held,
that no more jurors shall be summoned for the
purpose of attending the courts in the districts
where they belong, because one out of fifty of the
marshals of the United States the gentleman is
unwilling to trust. That is administering justice
with a vengeance! That is providing, with a
vengeancc, for the punishment of offenders; pro-
viding, with a vengeance, for the apprehension
and punishment of persons engaged in perpetra-
ting frauds upon the Government of tht United
States by obtaining money improperly, and by
the forging of warrants and other papers of the
Government!
1 do not propose to discuss this matter any fur-
ther. The gentleman from New York who has
submitted the motion which is now pending,
desired me yesterday to call the previous ques-
tion. I have no disposition, after having made a
speech, to pursue that course, and if it is not the
wish of the Plouse, J will not do so.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I think, sir, that
this deficiency bill has been sufficiently discussed
to enable everybody to vote understanding^ upon
it.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman to allow
me one moment more, to touch upon atopic which
I have overlooked.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. PIXELPS. In the hurry'of debate I neg-
lected to refer to one matter. The gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] who is upon this com-
mittee of conference, charged that, upon examin-
ation, he could find no deficiency bill prior to the
administration of President Tyler. I do not
recollect the exact language of the gentleman
from Ohio, and I do not desire to misquote him;
and if he is present 1 would like to hear his state-
ment upon that subject.
Mr. STANTON. I said that, in running back
through the appropriations of Congress, I found
that in 1833 there was a section added to the reg-
ular appropriation bill to provide for a deficiency
in the preceding year in the judiciary department,
and the reason for it is given in that law. If
there were any other reasons, I have overlooked
them.
Mr. PHELPS. Then the gentleman has not
thoroughly examined the appropriation bills. 1
can cite the gentleman to twenty cases of deficien-
cies in the first volume of the Statutes at Large,
to about twenty cases in the second volume, and
can cite many others in the fourth volume. I
have the books before me, and I know what I
say.
1 will refer to the manner in which appropria-
tions were formerly made, and this will throw
some light on the subject. From the foundation
of the Government to 1842, the fiscal and the
calendar year were the same.
In 3842, the fiscal year was changed, so as to
commence on the 1st of July and end on the
30th of June following. The common practice
was, when the fiscal and calendar year were
the same, to make an appropriation early in the
session of Congress for the purpose of defraying
in part the expenditures of the Government for
that fiscal year. Sometimes that appropriation for
defrayingin part the expenses of the Government
was made in the month of November or Decem-
ber for the ensuing calendar year. Then the^ reg-
ular appropriation bill—that which appropriated
a large amount of money for the purpose of de-
fraying the expenses of the Government—was
passed some time during the very fiscal year—
perhaps after some three or four months of the
fiscal year had elapsed.
Then the officers had the opportunity of revis-
ing the estimates which they had submitted to
Congress; and if any expenditures hod grown up
in the mean time, or if, under any unforeseen cir-
cumstances, the expenditures had been increased
beyond their expectations or anticipations, they
would submit to Congress additional estimates,
so as to increase the amount to be appropriated.
But under the present system, with the change
of the fiscal year, the estimatesfor this fiscal year
—it will be borne in mind—were made up in the
month of October, 1854—made up nearly nine
months before the fiscal year was commenced;
and is it to be expected that the officers of the
Government can make their estimates so long in
advance with any degree of certainty or accu-
racy? No officer of the Government desires to
estimate for more than he believes will be neces-
sary to defray the expenses of the Government.
Making his estimates nine months in advance of
the JBhmencement of the fiscal year, his esti-
mates are, at most, but matters of conjecture,
unless when he comes to matters—such as sal-
aries—which are fixed bylaw. So, for instance,
with the pay of the Army: your Paymaster Gen-
eral submits his estimates, and calls for money
sufficient to pay for every soldier authorized by
the existing law, while lie knows that the Army
will be deficient in its number of men fioni fif-
teen to twenty-five per cent. His estimates are
j- made in that way; and hence the Committee of
Ways and Means—since I have been a member
—being aware that there is a deficiency in the
men of the Army as compared with the number
authorized bylaw, has reduced the appropriation
under the technical head of "pay of the Army."
Now, I will refer the gentleman to many au-
thorities, commencing with the year 1790, and
embracing almost every year from that time down
to and embracing this act—contained m the four
volumes of Laws of the United States. I have not
had time to prosecute my inquiry fully; but if
the gentleman desires authorities, he will find
that there was a deficiency appropriated in the
2d volume of Laws, page 65; again, he will
find, at page 79, that there was a deficiency appro-
priation made in 1801. Here are some half dozen
references, beginning at pa«e 17, and continuing
through, where appropriations were made for
expenses already incurred. I will also refer the
gentleman to pages 105 and 106 of the 2d volume
of Laws. On the 11th of December, 1805, Con-
gress appropriated, as follows:
" That, m addition to the sums heretofore appiopriatod
for that object, the  mm of §-250,000 be, and the -ume is
hereby, appiopnatod towards defraying the evpi'n&es or the
iN'avy of the United States during the year 1600,
