440
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 19,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Clayton-Bulwer Treaty—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
grantees, and also the right and exclusive privilege to navi-
gate by steamships, all the rivers, lakes, and interior waters
<x'thc Republic during the above term ot'twenty-flve years—
the grantees binding themselves to point out to the Govern-
ment of the Republic,within a month from the date hereof,
the route they shall elect, Stc.
2. The grantees, in consideration of the privileges con-
ceded to tliem, oblige themselves to pay to the Government
vf Nicaragua one dollar for each passenger whom they
transport across the territory of the Republic.
3. All the articles that the grantees require for use on the
route for the purpose of transporting passengers and goods,
such as coal, wood, instruments, &e., shall be admitted to
the Republic free of all duly, and may be discharged at any
of the ports in the Territory that the grantees may elect; |
and said grantees will give notice in such eases to the Gov- ■
ernment's officers, furnishing a list of the articles intro-
duced ; hut the grantees shall not be permitted to introduce
into the Territory of the Republic any article ot commerce
for the purpose of selling the same without payingthe dues
thereon as established by law, under penalty, &c.
4. The Republic concedes to all the steamers and ships
of the grantees the right to enter or sail upon its ports, rivers,
anil waters, either on the Atlantic or on the Pacific side, as
well as in the interior, without any impost or duty whatso-
ever; and it concedes to the grantees the use of such lands
in the immediate neighborhood of such ports, rivers, and
waters, on the transit, as may be necessary to establish
work shops, wharves, offices, tic.; provided that no military
stations shall be so occupied without the previous consent
of the Government.
5. The Republic stipulates that all the ships and steamers
of the grantees, and all goods and persons transported by
said route from one sea to the other, shall be free and ex-
empt from every impost and duty, and shall be secure and
protected against any detention or interruption on the part
of the Government.
6. The grantees are obliged to obtain from the Govern-
ment one patent for every ship that the company uses in
the interior waters of the Republic, and also, to furnish
the Government every year with a list of all the places of
embarkation occupied in the navigation of the route, men-
tioning their number, extent, &c., the Government giving a
certificate of registration for each vessel, which certificate
will be a sufficient passport to the ports therein named.
7. The grantees, moreover, agree to establish, within six
months from the date hereof, a line of ocean steamers be-
tween the city of New York and the port of "San Juan del
Norte, in Nicaragua, or such other port as the grantees may
■elect on the Atlantic side, and between the city of San
Francisco and the port of San Juan del Sur, or such other
port on the Pacific side that the grantees may select; and
in case the line be interrupted by any unforeseen disaster,
the grantees are obliged to reorganize the line as soon as
possible, &c.
8. Provides that the privileges herein conceded do not
exclude the Government from any of its natural rights.
9. The grantees are obliged to convey, in their steamers
in the employment of the Government, mails and troops
without exacting any indemnification.
10. The Republic obliges itself to protect and defend the
grantees in all the rights and privileges conceded in this
decree, and moreover binds itself nor to cede to any other
Government, individual, or company, the right to transport
passengers or goods across its territory, nor to permit any
other to navigate by steam any of its rivers or lakes, while
the present agreement is in existence.
Given at Grenada, 10th of February, 1856.
PATRICK) RIVAS.
Published by order of the Government.
FERRER.
Mr. SEWARD. If my honorable friend will
allow me, 1 should like to ask him, (as I see he
is very familiar with all the facts of the case,)
whether he can give to the public in this connec-
tion any information in regard to any disposition,
sympathy, or aid extended by the Nicaragua
Transit Company in the city of New York to ,
Walker's expedition at the time when it began ?
I think there is a point in the case which requires
some explanation on their part, and I hope he is
able to give it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have seen it stated that
this company connived at this man's proceedings,
and aided him in making the assault on that weak
and unoffending Republic of Nicaragua. If they
did, even-handed justice will probably commend
the ingredients of the poisoned chalice to their
own lips, for it will become a subject for the con- !
sideration of the Executive of this country, how
far they can interfere in their behalf. If it can be
proved they were guilty of such on outrage on
the law of nations as assisting that man to invade
the territory of a friendly nation, let them take
the consequences; but I cannot believe the stock-
holders of the company ever assented to such an
outrage.
It is a part of my object, this day, to warn my
countrymen, and especially the young and ardent
men of this Republic, to avoid joining the stand-
ard of the buccaneer. I know that young and
gallant spirits are deceived by representations
whichare made to them, that here is a second Napo-
leon, here is one who is advancing the interests
of mankind, and fulfilling our manifest destiny
. by increasing the area of freedom. All this is
spoken of him, and it is calculated to entice the
young and ardent spirit away from his native
land to join the standard of a man who, for his
own aggrandizement, has converted an American
Republic into an absolute despotism. The con-
sequence can be nothing but disgrace, not only to
the "cankers of a calm world and a long peace,"
who seek to live by plunder, and escape from
honest labor, but to all who rally to such a
standard.
I thank the Senate for the indulgence which
they have this day extended to me. If I should
continue longer my remarks, I should be tres-
passing on tne special order, and I forbear to
proceed further until the morning hour to-mor-
row.
Wednesday, March, 19, 1856.
The Senate resumed the consideration^ the
same subject.
Mr. CLAYTON, Mr. President, when I was
last engaged in this discussion, a question was
put by the honorable Senator from New York
[Mr. Seward] as to the aid which the Transit
Company had given to Walker in the State of
Nicaragua. I had no knowledge at that time on
the subject. I have now information which en-
ables me to say, on the authority of the president
of the company, that there never was any act of
the stockholders of this company which, in any
manner, encouraged Walker in his piratical inva-
sion of the State of Nicaragua. In order that the
subject maybe understood, I will ask that a letter
from the president of the company to the Secre-
tary of State may be read by the Clerk.
It was then read, as follows:
New York, March 17,1856.
Sjr : The Walker government in Nicaraguahave, by what
they call a decrec, revoked the charter of the Transit Com-
pany, of which I am president, and seized all our property,
amounting in value to nearly $1,000,000.
The reasons assigned for the acts of forfeiture and seizure
by the decree itself are—first, that the company were in-
debted to the State, and denied such indebtedness. Second,
that the company refused to submit the dispute to arbitra-
tion, as provided by the charter.
Both statements are utterly false, and mere pretexts for
the outrage. The company have not ceased trying for a
long time to settle the claim preferred by the State, and have
repeatedly offered a large sum, more than was due, for the
sake of peace. Finding their efforts unavailing, they have,
from time to time, requested and insisted that the State
should appoint commissioners to Bettle the controversy, as
provided for in the charter.
At length the Chomorro Government sent agents here to
settle matters with us, either by negotiation or arbitration.
This was also at the earnest request of the company, and
the commissioners arrived in the spring of 1855. They
claimed against the company about $35,000, when not half
that sum was due. To effect a settlement, however, the
company offered $30,000, which not being accepted, they
insisted on the appointment of commissioners or arbi-
trators.
The agents of Nicaragua thereupon appointed Mr. Phelps
and Mr. O'Rilcy, and the Company appointed Mr. F. B.
Cutting and Mr. N. H. Wolf.
After their appointment news reached us of partial suc-
cesses by the revolutionary party in Nicaragua; and the
agents here not receiving instructions from theirGovern-
mcnt, matters remained without further action until the
arrival of Colonel French, who had full powers to settle the
claim of the State.
He was at once informed that the matter was in the hands
of the commissioners or arbitrators. To get it out of their
hands he proposed to revoke their appointments in writing.
The company then told the colonel to get any account-
ant he wished, and proceed to the examination of their
books, and they would pay whatever was found due. This
he promised, but did not fulfill, assigning, as a reason, that
since his Government forcibly took a bag of gold from the
company's lake steamer, amounting to $20,000, they could
not be indebted much, if at all. to the State.
He then proposed to send emigrants to Nicaragua in the
company's steamers at twenty dollars per head, the
amount to be charged to the State; admitting that the State
would then be indebted to the company, and that the whole
matter could be settled thereafter. The company agreed to
take emigrants at that rate, provided they were not organ-
ized military bodies, and did not propose to go with a view to
enlist as soldiers. They did take such emigrants; but always
on the positive assurance of a peaceful intent, to the num-
b er of about one thousand.
After this had been done, the Walker Government sent to
the company a copy of a decree to the effect that the claim
of the State, past and prospective, had been assigned to
Messrs. Glenton & Manning, to secure to them the payment
of $160,000, and directing the company to settle with them.
Prior to this, the powers of Colonel French to settle were
revoked.
This is the short history of the matter, and shows that
the pretenses of Walker are false, and were known to him
to be so.
The powers of the arbitrators, mutually appointed by the
State and the company, have not been revoked, as Colonel
French did not send the promised writing; and whatever
claim the State had for the past and the future, was as-
signed to third parties before the seizure of our property.
The company, when negotiating for the charter, desired
to avoid a settlement of disputes with the State by litiga-
tion, and to protect their property from acts of seizure, and
for this purpose caused a clause to be inserted, that " every
dispute or controversy between the State and the company
should be settled by arbitration, anil that the decisions of
the arbitrators should be " final, binding, and without ap-
peal." (See article thirty-three of charter.)
The arbitrators or commissioners have been appointed,
their powers are unrevoked, and yet we are charged with a
refusal to appoint them.
I hope you will turn the subject over in your mind,
whether or not his is a proper subject for our Government
interference to protect the rights and property of her citi-
zens.
I will endeavor to see you at the earliest moment in my
power. Very respectfully your obedient servant,
C. VANDERBILT, President.
Hon. W. L. Marcy, Secretary of State, 4'c.
Mr. CLAYTON. My object in presenting the
letter to the Senate is to have the subject correctly
understood, and to exonerate the stockholders
of this great American company, the amount of
whose stock has been said to be $7,800,000, from
any imputation of having engaged in the expe-
dition of Walker. I do not mean to deny that
some agents and individuals, members of this
company, may have aided Walker without the
knowledge of the stockholders, but I am not
aware, nor do I suppose, that the company has
forfeited the protection of our Government.
Mr. President, it is laid down by writers on
the law of nations that the misinterpretation of
a treaty is one of the most offensive modes of
violating its provisions; and if this universally-
recognized principle among writers on the law
of nations be sound, Great Britain has been
guilty of the most offensive mode of violating
this treaty. I have endeavored to explain to the
Senate the reason why her Government misinter-
preted the instrument. In order now to show
the extent to which this misconstruction has been
carried, even among English jurists, I desire to
refer to a chapter in a new book on international
law by Robert Phillimore, page 183:
"Peculiar case of the Isthmus of Central Jlmcrica."
"CCVI. The most remarkable, and perhaps the most
important, instance of the establishment of the jus transitits
innoxii is afforded by the recent convention between Great
Britain and the United States respecting the Isthmus of
Central America, which connects the great highways of tha
world, the Atlantic and Pacific oceans. Tlie treaty con-
cerns the formation of a ship canal, or of a railway over this
strip of land. This treaty, both on account of its immediate
object, and the principle which it expressly recognizes and
recites, is of such vast importance, both to the present and
future interests of mankind, that it is necessary to state the
provisions in extenso."
The author then recites the whole treaty, and
his commentary upon it is as follows:
" CCVII. Before the ratifications were exchanged, it was
explained by the British to the American Plenipotentiary,
that the words,' or any part of Central America,' were not
to apply to the British settlements in Honduras, or its de-
pendencies. This explanation was fully adopted by the
American Plenipotentiary, and the ratifications were ex-
changed. The treaty was subsequently submitted by the
President of the United States to the Senate, [Vide supra,
p. 140,] and was approved of, after discussion, by that delib-
erative Assembly.
" It was, however, contended by certain persons averse
to the conditions of that treaty, that the Senate did not
understand that the treaty was to be construed with refer-
ence to the American Plenipotentiary's consent, which had
been expressed in reply to the British Plenipotentiary's ex-
planation with respect to the Honduras, and consequently
that the Senate haid in re&lity not assented to the treaty so
qualified.
" Though there is no ground for this supposition, the ob-
jection evinces how much a knowledge of the Department
of Government in which the power of making and ratifying
treaties is vested by the constitution of each State, is neces-
sary for the security of the foreign relations of all States.
" CCVIII. The reason of the thing would indeed seem to
have excluded the Honduras, as the terms were employed in
the treaty, even without the subsequent express limilation,
from the category of' Central America,' though geographic-
ally and literally within the scopo of the expressions. It is
true that Great Britain had originally only certain limited
jura in re with respect to the Honduras, such as the rights of
cutting mahogany and logwood conceded to her by the trea-
ties with Spain, tlie right of sovereignty being reserved to the
crown of the latter country; yet since Spain has ceased to ex-
ercise any sovereignty, either at Honduras or in the circum-
jacent territory, and the British jurisdiction is exercised thera
under a commission of the crown which has been recognized
by the United States, inasmuch as their consul is received
at Belize under the exequatur of the British Crown ;—since
the occurrence of these events, Honduras must be and is
considered as both de facto and de jure a British settlement;
and the terms in the treaty would therefore appear, by tha
ordinary and admitted rules of construction, [Vide post,
chapter on Treaties,] applied with reference to tlie subject-
matter and context of the treaty, not to include the British
possession of Honduras." Convention entre Sa Majest<
