1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1177
The regular appropriation for defraying the
expenses of the Navy had been made the session
preceding.
Again, on the very next page 1 find an item for
supplying the deficiencies in the appropriation
for the naval service for the year 1805, where a
further sum of §350,000 is ordered to be paid out
of any money m the Treasury, &c. That act
was approved on the 22d of July, 1806. The
instances are innumerable. In almost every
appropriation bill appropriating money for the
support of the Government, either for the civil
expenses of the Government, or for the support
of the Army and Navv, contained in these four
volumes, you will find that appropriations are
made for deficiencies, or you will find some such
special acts as I have just now read showing
that appropriations of $600,000 were made to
defray the deficiencies in the year 1805.
I merely wished to advert to these facts to show
gentlemen that, before they make such declarations
as those made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stanton,"] they ought to examine more specifi-
cally the legislation of Congress on this subject.
I am much obliged to my friend from Maryland,
[Mr. DavisJ
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know.
Mr. Speaker, whether this is not private bill day ?
I do not wish to interfere with the disposition of
the gentleman from Maryland to address the
House; but if this be private bill day, how is this
discussion to go on?
The SPEAKER. This is a day set apart un-
der the rules for the consideration of private busi-
ness; but the question before the House has been
regarded as a question of higher privilege, relating
as it does to a conference between the two Houses
in reference to a bill still pending.
Mr. BOYCE. It seems to me that there has
been sufficient discussion on this subject. I move
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS,'of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I
will accommodate my friend, and the other gen-
tlemen of the House, as it is not my habit, as
the House knows at this time, to make Ions;
speeches; but there is a point or two which I
wish to touch upon before the vote be taken on
this matter. The question which the House is
now to decide is, whether it will throw away this
bill, or appoint a committee of conference? it has
no other question to decide. "Whether gentlemen
approve or disapprove all the items contained in
this bill is not the question; but whether great
inconvenience will not follow from requiring a
new bill to be reported, and from going ttough
all the difficulties of adjusting the diffcren^p be-
tween the two Houses; and whether it is not better
to appoint another committee to adjust these diffi-
culties on this bill? These difficulties can, in my
liumble judgment, be adjusted. The first com-
mittee of confeiencc succeeded in coming to an
arrangement on all the items in dispute between
the two Houses, excepting that relating to the
aqueduct. I understand that now, if another com-
mittee of conference be appointed, this difficulty
will no longer be interposed to an adjustment of
the points in dispute. It therefore comes now to
this question, whether this House is willing to
undertake to say that the amendments of the Sen-
ate for appropriations claimed by the Government
for the nccessary purposes of carrying on the
-Government shall be rejected, or whether the
House will appoint another committee for the
purpose of adjusting other items which do not
relate to the actual conduct of the Government.
I think—and I desire to state so very distinctly
—that the Senate has abused its privilege of
amendment in sending back to the House some
fifty amendments to a bill which, as it was sent
from this House, was strictly confined to appro-
priations for the deficiencies of the Government
—the purpose for which alone the Committee of
"Ways and Means had authority to make appro-
priations— and in crowding into these fifty
amendments a great majority of items which
were not intended to supply deficiencies for the
current fiscal year, but were making substantive
and independent appropriations which are proper
matters for consideration in the general appropri-
ation bills of the country, and which necessarily
lead to, and have in point of fact led to, the only
material point of difference between the Senate and
the House. If, therefore, accident shall befall this
bill, and the Government shall be placed in diffi-
culty in the conduct of its affairs, it will rest, not
with this House, nor with the opposition of this
House, who have shown a liberal spirit, but with
the attempt of the Senate, where the Administra-
tion has an overwhelming majority, to coerce
this House into anticipating the regular time of
appropriations for purposes not required for the
conduct of the Government, and having no rela-
tion to the purposes of the bill under considera-
tion.
Sir, it is from that abuse that this difficulty has
arisen, and notfrom any perversencss, or obstin-
acy, or captiousness on the part of this House.
What, then, are the real points of difference?
The only questions of disagreement which have
seriously engaged the attention of the House are
the military deficiency, the judiciary deficiency,
and the water-works; and I suppose it is not
the intention of the House to yield on the latter
point. I suppose that, if the Senate chooses to
make an issue upon that appropriation, we are
ready to make the issue; and if they choose to
take the responsibility of depriving the Govern-
ment of the means of suppressing the Indian hos-
tilities on the Pacific frontier, they must adjust
the responsibility as may best suit themselves.
But, sir, suppose they yield that point? There
will then remain only the military appropriation
and the judiciary appropriation. As regards the
military appropriation, it involves a grave vio-
lation of law. It grows out of the fact, that the
officers of the Government have misappropriated
a great part of the money designated by law for the
service of this fiscal year to the service of the last
year. My opposition to this appropriation, to a
great extent, grows out of the fact of that illegal
appropriation of money by the Department. That
is my great difficulty m voting for this bill, which
covers up that misappropriation in the regular
deficiencies for the current fiscal year. I waive
that difficulty, after having called the attention of
the Department and of the country to it, because
of what I believe to be the inexorable necessity
which exists for protecting the lives of our fellow-
citizens m Oregon, and in spite of the maladmin-
istration of the Department, which, I think, this
great deficicncjF&deq'uately calls to the attention of
the House.
My honorable friend from Missouri [Mr.
Piielps] said, that there were precedents in the
last Administration forapplying the money appro-
priated for the service of one fiscal year to the
expenses of another. I presume the gentleman
refers to the item ill the bill passed on the 27th
of February, 1851, to replace the amount which
' was obtained from the subsistence department,
;| and applied to the service of the quartermaster's
I, department for the preceding year, and which
! j charges an appropriation of $275,000 for the then
!l present year. That is the only it^m in the defi-
!, ciency bill of 1851 relating to the Army appropri-
i ations; and it was to replace what had been the
' year before transferred, under existing law, from
! the subsistence to the quartermaster's depart-
ment within the same fiscal year; and for that
fiscal year the subsistence department was, there-
fore, deficient $250,000. This was merely a trans-
fer from one branch of the Army expenditures to
another, under existing law, and not an applica-
tion of the funds appropriated for the service of
one fiscal year to pay the deficiencies arising in
another fiscal year. That transfer, I say, was
made by authority of law. Whether the law now
exists, my honorable friend can best judge. It
was repealed in 1852, I think, and "no longer
exists upon your statute-book.
But, sir, I say that, in spite of that infraction
of law, in deference to the pressing necessities of
the service, I shall now do what I did not before
do—I shall vote for this appropriation; and I
shall expect gentlemen who are friends of this
Administration to vote for it. I shall expect my
honorable friend from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
to change his vote, and I shall expect my hon-
orable friend from Tennessee [Mr, Jones] to
change kis vote.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That depends very
much upon whether I can see that the appropria-
tion is right.
Mr. DAVIS. If the gentlemen upon this floor
who are friends of the Administration are willing
to leave the Government without this money, I
say I will follow their example. I will not suffer,
myself to be placed in the position of allowing
gentlemen who are the supportei-s of the Admin-
istration to throw upon us the responsibility'of
making an obnoxious appropriation while they
shirk the responsibility.
Mr. LETCHER. I beg leave to congratulate
my friend from Maryland upon getting into a
good path. I hope he will follow my example^
not only in this, but in many other matters.
Mr. DAVIS. I will always follow the gentie-
man when I think he is on a safe track; but, sir,
when' the appropriation is so exorbitant that it
indicates mal-administration upon the part of the
Government to such an extent that, in spite of
the danger to his fellow-citizens on the Pacific
coast, the gentleman from Virginia is willing to
withhold from the Administration the means of
protecting them, I shall conclude that there has
been very grave mal-administration in that de-
partjj^at; and, unless there shall be very strong
^^Bhown that such has not been the case,
I shaTTconsider my friend from Virginia as good
authority, and shall follow him cheerfully. And,
sir, but for the very strong exposition made the
other day by my friend from Oregon, I should
have still followed his example, and voted to-day
as I have before voted. But, sir, I have changed
my intention in deference to the strong and irre-
sistible case made out by the honorable gentle-
man from Oregon.
"With reference to the judiciary expenses, I
wish only to say one or two words. I suppose,
Mr. Speaker, that the improper conduct of an
officer in incurring an unnecessary expense,
which, however, was discretionary with him, is
not a good ground upon which this House may
withhold an appropriation. It rests with the
Government to remove that officer. It rests with
the Government to pay the debt. You cannot
refuse to pay the debt because the marshal ex-
ceeded a proper discretion m securing the neces-
sary assistance'for the enforcement of an obnox-
ious law, in a place where the law is known to
be obnoxious. Sir, the fact that a strong posse
comitatus was summoned to remand that fugitive
from labor to his master's home was,inmyopin-
ion, the exercise of a wise discretion on the part
of that officer, and not an abuse of discretion.
I marvel when I hear gentlemen question the
propriety of paying citizens of Ohio who have
been called out to execute the laws of the United
States, because of thelaw which they were called
upon to execute. Sir, we know very well that
that law is obnoxious in all the northern country
—we know, likewise, that at every time when
assistance has been needed to enforce the laws of
the United States, there have been patriotic men
who "have ^Vippressed their hostility to those laws,
and have come forth to execute them at the risk
of their lives; we know that the most illustrious
day that has passed over Boston since the time
her fathers cast the tea overboard, was when her
citizens armed themselves in the absence of
United States troops, and marched under the order
of the marshal of the UnitSd States, through the
streets of the city to execute a law which, per-
haps , not one of them approved in his heart, with
that high and honorable devotion to the laws of
the country which has on many occasions signal-
ized that illustrious city, and of which it is the
best harbinger of the continuance to the latest
generation. Sir, I am unwilling, when officers
are found who will do their duty on a posse com-
itatus, and aid in the execution of laws obnoxious
to them, that the question shall be raised as to
the propriety of paying them the ordinary per
diem for their services. I marvel still more at
that exceeding keenness of nostril which, without
anythingapparenton the face of the item, or from
the Departments, as if they had taken a lesson
from the children's song—
" Fee, fi, To, fum,
I smell the blood of a nigger-man"—
instantly pitch upon the possibility that the Gov-
ernment may have intended to pay out of this
appropriation men employed for the purpose of
executing a law which is only difficult of execu-
tion because there is such opposition to it; and
that that should be made the ground for an un-
founded attack on my honorable friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell,] the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, who is no mors in favor
of the fugitive slave law than the gentleman who
