1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
think this bill should be referred to them, to be
reported back with the measure now before the
committee.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This bill repeals the clause
in the bounty land law of 1855, requiring record
evidence. That is all; ifc contains only that single
provision. If, us the Senator from Michigan
suggests, we are to have another bounty land bill
here, with many provisions in it, I fear it will not
pass until the close of this session. This bill,
proposing to effect a single object, should, I think,
be passed at once, or rejected, on its own merits.
It is for this reason that I have suggested the
propriety of suffering it to lie on the table until
to-morrow morning. I hope that course will be
pursued.
Mr. STUART. The bill which will be pre-
sented by the Committee on Public Lands is not
an additional bounty land bill, but refers solely
and entirely to the evidence to be submitted in
bounty land cases, and it is being prepared with
considerable care.
Now, sir, whoever haslooked to the proceedings
of the House of Representatives yesterday, will
see taat this bill was passed without any examin-
ation at all in that body. It was simply intro-
duced by a gentleman from Tennessee, without
any possible investigation whatever, and immedi-
ately passed. The consequences of an uncondi-
tional repeal of the icquiremont of record evidence,
as prescribed by existing laws, would be such
that I wish the subject very carefully considered;
and that is the very point which has been referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and which
is now being investigated and about being reported
on by that committee. I think, therefore—and I
say it with much respect to the opinions of Sen-
ators—that, as a matter of propriety, the Senate,
having charged a committee of its own with a
particular subject, should allow every question
coming fiom the other House relating to that
subject solely to be referred to the same commit-
tee. With that view I have made my motion.
The Senate can reject my proposition or not, as
they choose; but I feel it to be my duty under the
circumstances, as chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands, and as the organ on this question
of the Senate itself, to ask for the reference of the
bill to that committee.
Mr. RUSK. I hope this bill will be referred.
It makes a material change in the law, and its
effects ought to be well considered. The law of
the last Congress changed the provisions of the
previous bounty land laws, by giving land to the
amount of one hundred and sixty acres to every
one who had served fouiteen days; but it required
record evidence of service to be presented. I
remember that that provision was discussed last
year, and it was regarded as a very important
feature of the bill. 1 understand that there have
been some decisions made by the present head of
the Pension Bureau, as to "the character of the
recoid evidence required by Congiess, into which
it would perhaps be well to look, and to remedy
the evils complained of by several applicants; but,
at the same time, it appears to me that a repeal
of the entire clause requiring record evidence
would be throwing open a temptation to fraud.
Such would be its inevitable effect; and I am not
now prepared to vote for such a total repeal. It
is a matter which requires some investigation,as
it strikes me. I hope, therefore, that the bill will
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands, to
be thoioughly investigated. If there are any
well-founded complaints, the cause for them may
be removed by an amendment of the law. Such
a course would be well; but to throw open the
door, and abandon altogether our former policy,
is what I am not prepared to do.
The motion to refer the bill to the Committee
on Public Lands was agreed to.
AFFAIRS IN KANSAS.
The Senate lesumed the consideration of Mr.
Waller's motion to print ten thousand extra
copies of the message of the President, of the Uni-
ted States and the accompanying documents,
communicated yesterday, in reference to the diffi-
culties m the Territory of Kansas.
Mr. WILSON resumed and concluded the
speech which he commenced yesterday. His
remarks, with some explanations of Air. Geyer,
necessarily connected with them, will be pub-
lished m the Appendix.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to be
heard in reply to the Senator from Massachu-
setts; but I do not wish to proceed to-day. I
have listened as attentively as I could to the Sen-
ator's address; but he has made so many state-
ments that it will be impossible for me to under-
take to answer them until I have known precisely
what they arc. If there is any Senator who de-
sires to go on now, in reply to the Senator from
Massachusetts, I will yield the floor with a great
deal of pleasure. If, however, there is not such
a Senator here, I will ask that this subject may
be postponed until Monday next, when 1 hope I
shall be able to answer many of the assumptions
of that Senator.
Several Senators. Let the subject be post-
poned.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to post-
pone the further consideration of the subject, and
make it the special order fur Monday next, at one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 19, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. G. H. Day.
The Journal of yesterday was road and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the election of Chaplain to the House.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of
the following titles, viz:
An act to authorize the issuing of a register
to the bark Monmouth; and
An act to relieve the Commissioner of Pensions
from the performance of certain clerical duties:
Which thereupon received the signature of the
Speaker.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I send to the
Clerk's desk communications from the Treasury
Department, addressed directly to the Committee
of Ways and Means. The committee desire that
the communications may be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means by the House, and
ordered to be printed.
I avail myself of this occasion to say to the
House, that it is desired by the committee that
all communications which may be procured from
the Departments, recommending appropriations,
shall be directly addressed to the Speaker of this
House, m order that they may be referred by the
House, and ordered to be printed. A system, as
is well known to the older members here, has
grown up, by which amendments are proposed
to appropriation bills, based upon recommenda-
tions which are drawn from the private pockets
of members—a system calculated to embarrass
the public business, in my judgment, very much.
I move that the communications be referred to the
Committee of Way and Means, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Askury Dickie, E?q., their Secretary, inform-
ing the House that tile Senate had passed a reso-
lution to supply adefn'ieiicy m the appropriations
for the printing of the second session of the
Thirty-Thud Confess, in whk h he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
KANSAS CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I am instiueted by the Committee of Elec-
tions to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, Tiidt in the Kuu>n-eOfitei-ted-ekrijon the
Committee or Electi'jie: be. awl art; hereby, Cuipoweied to
semi tor persons aiul papeiss.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to say a few words
upon this subject, if the w solution is m order. /
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the resolution is m order. W
Mr. PHELPS. If I understand the resolution
offered by the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Hickman,] it de^uvs to ha\e the House
authorize the Committee of Elections to send for
persons and papers for the purpose of investiga-
ting the legality of the recent Kansas election. It
seems to me the committee are seeking to obtain
a power from this House which I think ought
not to be exercised upon this occasion. The
contestant, Mr. Reeder, who has presented his
memorial, claiming a seat upon the floor of this
House, as the Delegate from the Territory of
Kansas, alleges in his memorial that he does not
claim to be elected by virtue of the laws enacted
by the Legislature of the Territory he seeks to
represent. This position, in disregard of the
laws, he deliberately informs us he has assumed.
By virtue of the act organizing the Territories of
Kansas and Nebraska, the first election of a Dele-
gate was to be held under the order which might
be issued by the Governor, prescribing the time,
place, and manner of holding such election. So
much of that act has been executed. At the last
session of Congress a gentleman appeared here
as a Delegate from that Territory, and was ad-
mitted as such upon this floor, without objection
from any quarter. If it be that the Committee
of Elections desire to inquire into the legality of
the laws enacted by the Territorial Legislature,
I say they are about to do that which was never
before done—inquire into the legality of the laws
enacted by the Territorial Legislature of Kansas.
By what right, by what authority can they do it?
Those territorial laws were enacted, and they
purport to have been enacted by a Legislature duly
elected in pursuance of a Jaw of Congress, and
the validity of those enactments, made in con-
formity with such law of Congress, cannot be
rightfully contested in this House. They cannot
be examined here for the purpose of determining
whether they were duly enacted or not. Their
validity can only be determined by the courts.
The requnements of the act of Congress having
been complied with, the validity of those terri-
torial laws cannot be impeached by Congress.
Then why summon witnesses? Why bring men
two thousand miles in the dead of winter, when
their testimony can avail nothing?
I am not aware it is alleged by any one, that
the sitting member (General Whitfield) did not
receive a majority of the legal votes cast m the
election for Delegate. Nor is it alleged that the
requirements of the election law were not com-
plied with; nor will any one assert that at that
election any qualified voter was prevented from
giving his vote at any election precinct in that
Territory. There are no allegations—no charges
made that, at the election for Delegate held in
pursuance of the laws duly enacted by the Legis-
lature of Kansas, threats were made or force used
to prevent any person from voting. Tlwre is no
allegation that General Whitfield owes his elec-
tion to illegal votes. The contestant does not—
dare not assert it. These witnesses are not re-
quired to testify to the manner of holding that
election, nor to the qualifications of those persons
who voted for General Whitfield. Nor does Gov-
ernor Reeder claim that at that election he received
the highest number of votes; nor does he claim
to have been elected in pursuance of the laws of
Kansas, nor in pursuance of any law of the Uni-
ted States—m short, he does not claim to have
been elected in pursuance of any law whatever.
In support of such a claim what need of testi-
mony t
Those gentlemen who take the position that
the laws of the Territory of Kansas are invalid
assume thru the Legislature of thnt territory was
convened by the Governor at a place not author-
ized by the law, and, therefore, that its action
in the promises is void. I deny the position taken
by those gentlemen, and I refer the House to the
Kansas-Nebraska act, which prescribes,in its
twenty-second section, that the first Legislature
shall convene at such time and such place as the
Governor himself shall oider.
The twenty-second section has the following
language. After speaking of the election of mem-
bers of the Legislature, it says:
'• And the pew>n«= elected to the I^cir-lativ0 Assem-
bly siKill nicer at hikIi plat <' and on such uuy as the Gov-
emoi Muill appoint."7
I am aware that there is another scction in that
organic law which prescribes that the seat of gov-
ernment sliallbc temporal lly at Fort Leavenworth;
but that very act provides that the first Legisla-
ture shall assemble at such place and at such time
