2052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 12,
Mr. TOUCEY. I will not debate it; I will
simply say that the bill has received the favor-
able report of the Committees on Patents of both
Houses, and that the inventor was obliged to dis-
pose of his right before he could obtain h is patent,
from pecuniary necessities; so that while the
world has been benefited, all the benefit he
received amounted to but $1,000 or $1,100.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CLAY. With a view of testing the sense
of the Senate I move to lay the bill on the table,
and ask for the yeas and nays on the motion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suggest to my friend from
Alabama to ask for the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. CLAY. "Very well; I-withdraw the mo-
tion, if the bill will not be debated.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time. On its
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 26, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Benja-
min, Bigler, Bright, Brown, Cass, Gollamer, Dodge, Durkee,
Pessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Houston, James,
Jones of Iowa, Pratt, Seward, Stuart, Thomson of New
Jersey, Toueey, Wdde, Wilson, and Wright—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee,
Biggs, Butler, Clay, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Hunter,
Iverson, Jones of Tennessee, Pearce, fteid, Slidell, Thomp-
gmof Kentucky, Toombs, Trumbull, Weller, and Yulce—
So the bill was passed.
CREEK SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK called for the special
order, being the bill (S. No. 81) to provide for
the examination and payment of claims of citizens
of Georgia and Alabama for depredations com-
mitted by the Creek Indians; and its considera-
tion was resumed by the Senate, as in Committee
of the Whole.
When the bill was pending, on Friday, August
1, it was amended by striking out all after the
enacting clause, and inserting the following:
That the sum of $349,120 37 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to pay the several sums awarded by the
commissioners, Pease and Smith, appointed under the sec-
ond section of the act of Congress of March 3, 1837, to in-
quire into the deputations committed by the Semmoleand
Creek Indians on the property of citizens of Flonda, Geor-
gia, and Alabama, deducting any payments already made
to claimants emhiaced in theieportof said <!omrm<t«ion<>rs;
and that such appropriation and payment be confined to the
award of said rommissionersof the depredations commuted
in what is called the second period in the ropoit of said
commissioners: Provided, That nothing herein contained
6hali.be construed to wairant the allowance or payment of
any sum which the Sccretaiy of the. Treasury and the At-
torney General shall not deem just and reasonable.
The question was on the following amendment
offered by Mr. Yulee:
Sec. 2. Jlnrt be it further cnacted, Ttmt three commis-
sioners be appointed by the President, with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to investigate ttie claims of the class
specified in the act of March 3, IKS7, which vvcio not acted
upon m the former commission, and that the report of said
ootnimssion,wiien their duty shall have been completed, be
reported to Congress.*
Mr. CLAY. I think I am prepared to show
that this claim is sustained by the highest obli-
gations which can control the action of the Senate,
that the Government of the United States is
under a solemn pledge to discharge the amount
of the claim; but I do not propose to debate the
bill, and will not do so, unless some opposition
is .shown. If so, I shall ask to be heard in its
defense.
Mr. YULEE. To prevent embarrassment, I
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not my purpose to make
a speech on this claim. I do not desire to delay
the bill, but I shall not vote for it. I rise merely
for the purpose of reading an extract from the
opinion of Attorney General Butler, on this ques-
tion, to show that the principle which I laid down
as having regulated the practice of the United
States Government in regard to such cases, was
the true principle. Into "the merits of the claim
Uso"> 1 shall not enter. I know there is no time
to debate it at length. It is not my purpose to
Km it by speaking against it. I shall vote against
it Because I do not think it is a meritorious claim.
b" tksr raid* STery c'a™ Mr- Attorney General
roTOroLPfin$'pleS ^ haw governed tl e legislation of
Congress m former Indian wars, and to which you have
alluded, were no doubt founded on the well-established
general rule, that a nation is not bound to make good to its
citizens the losses they may sustain by the depredation of
their property m war
k' To tins rule, nowever, the usage of modern times has
introduced all important exeeption; and it is now consideied
the duty of the Government, when it has the requisite ability,
to make compensation for piivate property destroyed by the
enemy, whenever such property has been attacked and
destroyed in consequence of jts having been used or occu-
pied for military purposes. This latter principle has been
lepeatedly acted upon by our own Government. The ' act
to authorize the payment for property lost, captured, or
destroyed by the enemy, while in the military service of the
United States, and for other purposes,' approved April 9,
1816, and referred to in your letter, proceeded on it.
" The ninth section provides that the owners of houses
occupied by any officer for the military service of the United
States, and destioyed by the enemy during the late war
with Great Britain, shall be paid the value of said house,
' provided, it shall appear that suchoccupation was the cause
of the destruction.9
"The same principle was recognized in several special
laws subsequently passed for the relief of particular indi-
viduals. The reason for excepting cases of this sort from
the general rule evidently is, because the property in ques-
tion has been made, by the act of the Government, a pecu-
liar object of hostile attack, so as to expose it, above the
property of other citizens of the nation, to the special
depredations of the enemy."-
Mr. Whittlesey, in his report, in' which was
embodied that letter, says:
c' The committee are not able to see the force of the argu-
ment, that, because the land in Flonda will be brought into
the market a? a part of the public domain, therefore, the
people of Flonda have any claims superior to the people of
Georgia and Alabama; nor are they able to discriminate
between the destruction of property in the present wai,
and the losses that the inhabitants in Michigan, Indiana,
Illinois, and in other places, suffered duimg the war of
1812, and other hostile movements of the Indians."
I believe I could* show that it does not come
within the principle of the intercourse act; but as
I said before, I will not delay the bill by speak-
ing.
JVIr. CLAY. Reluctant vis I am to trespass
upon the attention of the Senate at this late period
of the session, I feel constrained to offer a few
remarks in reply to what has fallen from the
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.]
To those who have read the report of the Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] in favor of this
bill, it may seem a work of supererogation to
endeavor to add anything in its support. Inas-
much, however, as many of my constituents are
deeply interested in its passage, as the Legislature
of my State has memorialized Congress on their
behalf, and as I am instructed to use my best
exertions to secure the accomplishment of their
wishes, my silence might appear inexcusable
neglect or indifference to their rights.
If I could get the attention of Senators, and
secure a calm and thorough examination of the
nature and history of this claim, I should not
apprehend any difficulty in passing this bill. It
is entitled to more of their respectful considera-
tion than any private claim which I have met
with in this body. The claim is not stale from
lapse of time, or questionable from the contra-
dictory evidence on which it rests. It is not
urged by moneyed capitalists, or claim-jobbers,
or hired agents, with the expectation of realizing
wealth by its allowance. It is not supj orted by
ex parte testimony of the memorialists or their
friends. It is free from all those circumstances
of discredit, or doubt and distrust, which charac-
terize a large majority of the claims which are
brought under our review. Petitions for indem-
nity were offered immediately after the injury
was inflicted, when the desolating fire of the
savage had scarcely been extinguished, or the
blood of his victims had dried upon the hearth-
stone. So great was the sympathy, and so
general the conviction of the justice of these
claims against this Government, m the States
where they originated, that the Legislatures of
those States have repeatedly memorialized Con-
gress in behalf of the sufferers. And even before
those Legislatures had indorsed these claims, or
they had been attested by the Federal officers who
investigated them, or the voice of the petitioners
had reached^ the ears of Congress, the Chief
Executive ot the United States, a man whose
instinctive sense of justice, and whose sagacious
judgment on all questions of public policy and of
human rights, needed not the aid of legal lore,
or the authority of publicists* in attaining right
conclusions — Andrew Jackson — recommenced
the indemnity sought in this bill. Surely, sir, a
claim recommended by the Legislatures of two
sovereign States, and by the highest functionary
of the United States, and by the first man of his
age, should receive some attention and some
consideration from this body. And when, super-
added to such recommendations, we have not
only the undisputed testimony of many disinter-
ested witnesses on behalf of the claimants, but
the corroborating testimony of several witnesses
selected and brought forward by the Government,
establishing beyond controversy every material
allegation of the petitioners and memorialists, it
is strange that a deaf ear has been so long turned
to the sufferers.
I think this Government is bound by the high-
est moral, legal, and constitutional obligations to
pay those claims. I intend to submit three pro-
positions, which seem to me incontestable, and
will endeavor to show that upon one of them
these claims may be supported.
This Government is bound to pay such claims as
are for private property taken for the public service
by the civil or military agents of the United States.
The Constitution declares that private property
shall not be taken for public use without just
compensation. No one will deny our obligation
to pay for what the Government took for its own
service. It appears by the report of the agents
of the Government, Messrs. Pease and Smith,
that $25,000 are due to certain claimants for pro-
perty taken from them, for the support and sub-
sistence of the army, which is proven by the tes-
timony of officers of the army themselves.
I lay down this further proposition: the Govern-
tiient is bound to protect the persons of its citizens,
and to preserve their property, as far as practicable.
This is a cardinal principle of all civilized Gov-
ernments, and, indeed, is the main ground of sup-
port of the social fabric. "While I concede that
the Government is not the insurer of the property
of its citizens, yet I maintain that it is its duty to
prevent the destruction of private property as far
as practicable. This was conceded by Mr.
Whittlesey, in his report, from which the Sena-
tor from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] read. Mr. W.
says: " The committee admit ' that the Govern-
ment of the United States is bound to protect the
citizens of Alabama in their persons, and to pre-
serve their property/ to the fullest extent that
any Government is bound to its citizens; but it
does not follow from thence that the Government
becomes the insurer of the property of such citi-
zens. "
A necessary corollary of this principle is, that
if the Government fail to preserve the property
of its citizens, or prevent their loss of property,
when entirely practicable, and when urged and
entreated to do so, it should afford indemnity.
And if it not merely permit, but cause the de-
struction of the property of its citizens, it is under
the highest obligation to repair their losses. Such
is the case now before the Senate, as history
attests.
By the treaty of Indian Springs in 1825, and
the treaty of 13.96 with the Creek tribe of Indians,
they ceded ail their lands within the State of
Georgia to the United States, and agreed to re-
move from that State within eight months. And
whither were they required to remove? Not
beyond the Mississippi, not beyond the limits of
any State of the Union, not into territory of the
United States, or into a wilderness as yet unset-
tied by white men. No, sir, but within the nar-
row bounds of the Territory of that tribe in
Alabama, were all the Creeks of that State and
of Georgia concentrated. Georgia was relieved
of that incubus upon her energies at the expense
of Alabama. A State of maturer years, of larger
population, and of greater territorial extent, was
aided in the earlier development of her resources
by retarding the settlement, growth, and improve-
ment of Alabama.
By the treaty of 1832, the same Creek tribe
ceded all their lands in Alabama to the United
States, reserving certain sections and half sections
of land to their chiefs and the heads of families,
with the privilege of selling the same under the
supervision of their agent, and with the approval
of the President. By that treaty they were per-
mitted to go beyond the Mississippi, of stay in
•Alabama, as they might elect. Soon after the pur-
chase of this territory from the Creeks, white
men were invited to enter and settle it, and the
public domain acquired by that treaty within the
nation was advertised for sale, and sold in the
year 1834. During the year 1835, the Creeks,
