449
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Politics of the Country—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. of Reps.
merit, fatal to the Union of these States. It is im-
possible that we can ever agree that Great Britain,
or any other powerful maritime State, shall pos-
sess that portion of the Isthmus now within the
boundaries of the weak Central American Re-
publics, for the very same reason that it has been
found by other nations impossible to trust the
straits of the Bosphorus to any but the weak
Power of Turkey, or the Sound to any but the
weak State of Denmark. The same policy which
prevails in Europe must prevail in respect to this
strait, which, in point of importance, compared
with the Bosphorus or the Sound, is destined to
be infinitely greater than either. Great Britain
■would not bS materially injured if we should
obtain possession of it. Would it be a fair and
equal measure to refer a question to some Euro-
pean monarch, on which our very existence as a
confederated Republic may depend, while the
decision of it against Great Britain would not
seriously affect her? It would be an unequal
reference to an arbiter already prepossessed
against our form of government.
Yet, if I could find eminent civilians of ability
and independence, in whose integrity I had ftall
confidence, I would consent to a reference of these
matters in controversy. I should have confidence
if it were referred to able men who would decide
the questions according to the best judgment God
has given them. In such a case 1 should not fear
the reference; for the points involved in the con-
troversy are clearly in our favor. But I do not
believe we could agree upon the men.
The question still remains—What shall we do?
Mr. Buchanan has stated, in his correspondence
with Lord Clarendon, that Great Britain is in pos-
session of the country in dispute. We know per-
fectly well that Great Britain, under the nominal
sovereignty of the King of Mosquito, is virtually
in possession of many of the important piaccs in
Central America. What shall we do? Suffer her
to go on violating the treaty ? submit tamely to
all her delays to do justice, and to all her miscon-
structions ? Far from it. I will be the last man
to propose dishonorable submission in any case.
No, sir; 1 propose that we carry on negotiations,
endeavoring to bring her to reason by argument,
while we hasten to arm in our own defense. Let
us protect our coasts by building up our fortifi-
cations at all points wh«re we are the most vul-
nerable. Let us increase our Navy—how much ?
Not as was suggested here some time since, to
make that Navy a rival to the great naval power
of Great Britain. None of us can seriously pro-
pose any such thing. We shall not attempt it.
But we can increase our Navy enough, with the
aid of fortifications provided with suitable ordi-
nance, to defend our coast. It may take a year
or more to build up such a Navy and put those
fortifications in a proper condition. Take the
time. We have the right to bide our time. Of
all times this would be the very worst which we
could select for a war with Great Britain. Armed
as she is cap-a-pie, while we are naked in almost
every part of the coast; we should suffer most
severely in the first year of such a war. I know
well enough our recuperative energies are such
that we should soon return all blows with interest,
and finally our enemy would find an opponent
whom she would never be willing to meet again
in a war so unjust on her part, or under the same
or similar circumstances. The struggle might be
long, but, with our resources wielded by the most
martial race on earth, justice would at last be
done to us. If Great Britain be resolved to re-
tain the control of these straits, a war with us
will be inevitable at some period; and it is well
worth consideration, that any unnecessary delay
in bringing the question to a settlement only in- I
creases the presumption of the wrong doers, and
adds to their influence in the disputed territory.
But, sir, why should we precipitate ourselves
into a war at this time, when Great Britain has
an army of forty thousand veteran troops ready
to be thrown upon our coast, disengaged as they
will be after leaving the Crimea on the conclusion
of the peace, which everybody believes is about
to be effected, and that army supported by the
greatest naval equipment ever known in the his-
tory of .the world ? If Great Britain sees that we
are resolved to enforce our rights; that we are
pursuing the course which Washington himself
inculcated, " in peace prepare for war;" if she
sees that we are building up our fortifications,
and increasing our Navy to such a reasonable
extent as I have suggested; if she sees by our
acts and our conduct that we are determined to
enforce a compliance with her plain treaty stipu-
lations, the British people will turn their atten-
tion to thissubject, and then, seeing the injustice
of their own position, will compel the Ministry to
surrender this question, Tlie information which
I have from that country already satisfies me that,
since the publication of the correspondence be-
tween Lord Clarendon and Mr. Buchanan, public
opinion, in many parts of England, is rapidly
tending to a union on our construction of the
treaty. Our appeal is from the British Ministry
to the British people, who can have no object in
rag into an unjust war with us. At any rate,
tne consequences what they may, if we are
driven to the wall, if there is no other resource
for us but disgraceful submission or war, we must
fight. War is not the worst of national calami-
ties, but I cannot believe that it will become neces-
sary. I cannot think that there is any real danger
of a war. If the Senators and Representatives
of the people of the United States will present a
firm and undivided front; if they are all agreed on
their rights, and manifest a determination to en-
force them, depend upon it, sir, they will ulti-
mately be respected by Great Britain; and if Lord
Palmerston, or any other minister in office there,
should be anxious to bring about a rupture with
our country, when Great Britain is so palpably
in the wrong, the British people will turn such a
minister from power rather than fight with us on
-such an issue.
politics op the country.
SPEECH OF HON. L. M. KEITT,
of south carolina,
In the House or Representatives,
Jlpril 7, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. KEITT said:
Mr. Chairman: The Nebraska vendetta is ac-
complished. The weird torchlight, which glared
upon the fusion band met here to sap and mine the
Constitution, revealed implacable, if discordant,
• factions. Week after week a fearful spectacle
rose up before us. The South for two months
saw the controlling party in one section of the
Confederacy paralyzing the Government in its
struggle to obtain the mastery in the popular
branch of Congress, in order to devote its powers
to her destruction. In that struggle fanaticism
has triumphed. Its leader, after lying in state
for weeks, in sight of the Speaker's desk, has at
last been galvanized into the Speaker's chair.
, His cold finger, excited by abolition electricity,
has wandered " round the dial plate, and now
j points to the stroke" of massacre and servile
t insurrection. In charity, let the curtain drop;
1 on this scene in the drama let cloud and darkness
descend.
But, sir, another actor appears upon the stage.
While the scene-shifters are arranging for We
subsequent incidents, lo ! creeping through the
interstices, and wriggling forward to the foot-
lights, comes the member from Indiana, [Mr.
Colfax.] With face trained in the mirror of
Free-Soil morality, he waves Cuba fromhim with
one hand, but with the other slyly clutches after
the British possessions in North America. What
a spectacle here rises to our view! The member
from Indiana, and his party, with mailed hand
would tear from Great Britain her possessions in
the North; but at the same moment they would
gladly see her embattled navies thunder along
your southern coasts, and her flag float defiantly
over yonder southern island, while a negro mob
shouted around the chariot-wheels of British au-
thority. Ay, they would bring African barba-
rism where civilization is planting her memorials;
they would bring sterility, where heaven has scat-
i tered tropical fertility; and they would do this
^ because there is not there that pneumatic essence
in the atmosphere, or that geological property in
the dirt, which make free suit.
And these are the men whom wo of the South
are bade to call brethren! With their blood warmed
into insolence, with the trumpet of philanthropy
in their glozing mouths, and, singing psalms
through their noses, they move down upon the
South like an "army with banners;" they come
to set their venom to do its work, and seal her
overthrow with havoc and conflagration. Be-
tween the South and these men there must bo
war. To the Democratic party, and to con-
servative men at the North, and to their Repre-
sentatives here—and such there are—who are
acting with, but are not of the fusion party, I
would say: You must meet and crush out this
aggressive fanaticism. I know it has already
darkened the northern mind, and is fast usurping
the northern conscience; but the struggle must be
made, and the sacrifices incurred. Better adven-
ture upon the perils of unknown seas than rot
upon dead waters ! In emergencies bold men tri-
umph. Any one can sow peas for the market;
'tis only the hero who can sow the dragon's teeth
where they spring up armed men !
j Sir, there is confusion all around us—in our
j foreign as well as domestic affairs. At this point
; I wisn to make a remark or two upon our foreign
relations. However grave and threatening tne
complications may seem to be, they are, with
cautious diplomacy, susceptible of sure disen-
tanglement and pacific solution. The complica-
tions supervened by the expedition of Walker
■ against Nicaragua present the gravest embarrass-
ment; but they may be settled by time and a wise
use of events. Against England I have no chronic
hostility; and if she practices but a proper abstin-
ence from intermeddling with our legitimate and
peculiar relations, I would do her only deeds
of kindness and good will. Tottering under the
pressure of debt, corroded with taxation, rife with
discontent, and with her historic glories partially
eclipsed, and her best blood drenching a foreign
soil, it requires no great stretch of imagination to
see her in the future turning to us for aid and
succor. The spectacle will be new in the history
of the world: Old England leaning upon the arm
of Young America, like old CEdipus, blind and
I bleeding, resting upon the arm of Antigone!
Tidings have reached us that a peace will be
patched up in the Paris conferences. May not
I the next act in the drama be a continental league
; of despotism against constitutional and repre-
1 sentative government, free trade, and a free press,
which will crush Great Britain, and bring back the
middle ages upon Europe, unless Great Britain
and the United States form an alliance, entente
cordiale, blockade every continental port, sweep
every war vessel from the waters, capture every
merchantman, and rouse oppressed nationalities
to the assertion of their rights ? But how can
this be done while Great Britain and a majority of
' the States of the Union regard the African as an
oppressed nationality, ana are stupid enough to
think that they can make him the equal of the
Teuton, the Celt, the Sclave,and the Magyar?
! Sir, the middle ages may recur nisi Dens intersit.
' As grave and fruitful in speculation as thesis
topics are, I cannot press them now, for I must
turn to domestic issues. Events, now crowding
around us, are big with the destiny of the Repub-
lic. Cast your eyes over the field of battle in the
next presidential election. Many a flag, which
in other days stooped down upon the field, even
when the fortunes of the fight were roughest, have
been whirled away amid th e rage of political strife.
Borne over it now, three flags are seen, viz: the
Democratic, Black Republican, and Know Noth-
ing flags. The party which bears the latter I
may dismiss with a single remark. Its platform
is a mass of verbiage, insipidities, crudities, flat-
ulent professions, and impalpable abstractions."
However respectable in character and talent, it is
too inconsiderable in. numbers to be more than a
skirmishing party upon the field of battle.
Facing each other, then, are the Democratic
and Black Republican banners, and the question
now is, "Under which flag?" To determine this,
let us see what inscriptions are upon the banners.
Upon the one carried by the Black Republicans
are, "The restoration of the Missouri restriction,
the abolition of the inter-State slave trade, the
