1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1179
platform of the senior member from Ohio, annul-
ling a law passed through the formalities of legis-
lation, spread upon the statute-book, and signed
by the President, to be enforced by the bayonet,
because it comes in conflict with a principle which
is not enacted into a law. X am glad of the op-
portunity of marking that great principle, and I
leave gentlemen to deal with it.
Now, sir, when the senior member from Ohio
says that he has been in the habit of having the
chairman of the Committee of "Ways and Means
point to the objects, item by item, to which every
appropriation is to be applied—and that gentle-
man has greater experience than I have—I say
to him that it would be a very singular account
to present to the House of Representatives, to
give every marshal's fee, every case between A,
B, and C, five cents for issuing a writ, ten cents
for making an entry, fifteen cents for a continu-
ance, and so on, extended to an interminable
length, in order that the curiosity of the gentle-
man from Ohio might be gratified as to the con-
duct of the subordinate officers of the Govern-
ment. In any such sense as that the honorable
gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will explain upon that
Eoint, and I think I can give him authority which
e will acknowledge. 1 refer to Mr. Fillmore,
who, as chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported the first deficiency bill to this
House; and if the gentleman will refer to Mr.
Fillmore's files he will find the very items on
which the Department made the recommenda-
tion. The gentleman will acknowledge Mr. Fill-
more as authority.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable gentleman may
possibly produce an instance such as he desig-
nates ; but if there be any such filing to be found
in the records of Congress, the honorable gentle-
man will enlighten the public with a curious doc-
ument. But what I mean to say is this, that it
is contrary to the practice of the Government.
The very marshals themselves, sir, do not return
such accounts as the honorable gentleman expects
to the head of the Department. They foot up
their amounts, and indicate the general purposes
to which they were applied. We are not in the
habit of adding up minute dimes and cents, in
order to get the aggregate; but wo take the state-
ment of the Department, that the judiciary ex-
penses of the marshal for certain purposes in his
district amount to so much; and we appropriate
the money, leaving the amount to be paid by the
Department when the marshal shall establish to
their satisfaction that the items come under some
of the general laws. And the remedy for the
abuse which the honorable gentleman mentions
is, not to turn away unpaid the citizens of Ohio.
It is for the Administration to remove the officer
who has been guilty of the improper conduct,
and not to turn away, without pay for their ser-
vices, the men who have done nothing more than
to obey the law, at the instance of the party
appointed to execute the laws.
JN"ow, Mr. Speaker, I think, if the House will
comc to a wise conclusion on this bill, and will
not be content to throw away the labor and the
time spent in maturing it, that it will overlook
what I aoneeive to be grave abuses on the part of-
the War Department; that it will overlook what
I conceive to be grave abuses of the right of
amendment on the part of the Senate; and that,
out of regard to the great necessities of the pub-
lic service, it will now allow the Speaker to
appoint another committee of conference—accept-
ing the courteous proposal of the Senate—and
let them take up the whole matter, and go over
this business again. And, in order to promote
speedy action, I move the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman withdraw the call for a moment? I will
renew the call for the previous question.
Mr. DAVIS. If any gentleman desires to reply
to anything which I have said, I do not of course
feel myself at liberty to move the previous ques-
tion .
Mr. WASHBURN. I wish to say two or
three words in reply to something which the gen-
tleman said.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, will the gentleman move
the previous question ?
Mr. WASHBURN. I "ill.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I yield the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN. I concur, Mr. Speaker,
with the gentleman from Maryland, in desiring
that the House shall agree to the appointment of
another committee* of conference, for the reason
that I do not believe we ought to throw away
this bill entirely, since the Senate has shown a
disposition to meet with us again, and are, per-
haps, disposed to recede from their position. But
I am opposed to receding from our action on any
amendment upon which the House has disagreed
with the Senate; and I trust there will be no
report—or, if there should be, I trust that the
House will notacceptany report—recommending
it to agree to the amendments of the Senate now
in'question between the Houses. Thegentleman
from Maryland has said, and has argued to the
House, that we should not disagree with the Sen-
ate for the reason, simply, that there may be, in
the amendments which are proposed by the Sen-
ate, appropriations to carry out laws which the
House, may regard as unjust, inhuman, and un-
constitutional. Now, sir, I cannot agree with
the gentleman from Maryland as to the duty, and
as to the obligations imposed upon members of
the House in a case like that supposed.
Sir, when a law is unconstitutional, when a
law is inhuman, when a law is outrageous, and
against the common and general sense of man-
kind, still, while it is a law, it may bo the duty of
every good and law-abiding citizen to submit to
it. Bat it strikes me there may be a distinction
between such a case and this; and that, while a
man may be under a legal and moral obligation
to submit to laws which he regards as unjust, and
unconstitutional, and make no resistance to their
execution, it does not follow that he is bound,
under his oath of office, and upon his sense of
duly and patriotism, to vote appropriations which
affirm, vitalize, and continue such Jaws. And,
sir, the same right which Mr. Jefferson had in
the case referred to, to express his judgment of a
law by granting pardons where he believed the
law under which the prisoners were convicted
was unconstitutional, this House has to express
its judgment of laws when they are made the
basis for appropriations of the people's money.
The House of Representatives, in its guardian-
ship of the people's rights, and the people's
treasure, may well express its opinion as to the
constitutionality and propriety of laws by its
votes, when those votes involve the question,
whether such Jaws shall be continued, protected,
held up, and enforced.
Sir, the gentleman has said that he can see no
objection to these amendments, because they, or
some of them, contain appropriations for expend-
itures of a similar character to those occasioned
by the events of a day which, in his judgment,
was the proudest that the country ha3 ever seen—
that day when, in Boston, there was not a man
—the strongest conservative, the stolidcst fogie,
nor the boldest man there, but held his breath—
that day when the sun's eye wore a lurid glare;
and when, in all State street, in the largest crowd
ever seen in Boston, not a sound arose above the
clanking of the chains of Anthony Burns ! That,
sir, he says, was the proudest day that this coun-
try ever saw, and one that should be recognized
as such by this House—in the gentleman's judg-
ment, I presume—by concurring in those amend-
ments. Sir, while there are other sufficient objec-
tions to the amendments in controversy, I venture
the opinion, that the one which he particularly
refers to will not be removed from the minds of
those who may hold it by the gentleman's re-
marks upon that day of days which saw a poor,
defenseless negro taken from the very shadow of
Bunker Hill, to be sent into perpetual bondage.
As I promised the gentleman from Maryland, I
call for the pievious question.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the gentleman from
Maine to withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion. . , ,
Mr. WASHBURN. I will do so with the
consent of the gentleman from Maryland. [Cries
of "Oh, no."]
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to say a word or
two, as reference has been made to me personally
in the progress of the debate.
The previous question was not withdrawn.
The question being on seconding the call for
the previous question,
Mr. BOCOCK called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bocock and
Morgan' were appointed.
' The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 95, noes 31.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was then ordered to be put.
The question then being upon Mr. Pringle's
motion, that the House insist upon its amend-
ments and disagreements to the Senate amend-
ments, and concur in the appointment of another
committee of conference; it was taken,-and the
motion was agreed to.
The Speaker thereupon appointed Messrs.
Pennington", Jones of Tennessee, and Grow as
such committee.
NEW MEXICO CONTESTED ELECTION.
The next business in order was the report of
the Committee of Elections in the New Mexico
contested-election case.
The SPEAKER stated the question pending to
be npon the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to the following resolu-
tion reported by the committee:
Resolved, That the parties to this contest be allowed to
appear before this House, either m peison or by counsel, to
defend their respective claims.
The amendment was to strike out the words
"by counsel," find insert " through an inter-
preter. "
Mr. BENSON. This being the day set apart
for.the consideration of private business, would
it be in order to move that the committees be
called for reports of private bills, so that the bills
may be placed upon the Calendar, where they
mav be reached at some time?
The SPEAKER. That motion would not be
in order cxcept by unanimous conscnt of the .
House, the report of the Committee of Elections
being a privileged question. If, however, the
House wore to proceed to the consideration of
private business, the subject regularly before the
House would be the report of the Court of
Claims.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Do I understand
that the resolution of the Committee of Elections
is the subject bcfoie the House?
The SPEAKER. It is, that being business of
a privileged character.
Mr. SMITH. I demand the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I desire to know
what became of the motion to lay the report on
the table, and order it to be printed?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not entertain
such a motion, and was not aware that it had been
made. The question is upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I do not under-
stand precisely the object of the gentleman from
Virginia in calling the pre.vious question upon the
resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. My only object is
to bring the House to a vote upon the resolution
as reported by the committee. My object is not
an unfriendly one to the resolution, but merely
to bring the House to vote upon it.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question was taken; and Mr. Jones's
amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Carlile s
amendment to strike out the words "or by coun-
sel "
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Whitney
and Millsoh were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported—
ayes 88; when .
Mr. MILLSON said: Mr. Speaker,! desire to
state that a number of gentlemen passed between
the tellers, and were counted. A suspension of
the proceedings took place. Afterwards, some
of those gentlemen were in the act of passing
again between the tellers, when they were stopped,
the tellers remembering that they had before
voted. It may be that other gentlemen have
passed through twice, and may have been counted
twice.
The SPEAKER. Under the statement of the
gentleman from Virginia, the Chair will order a
new count. .
Mr. SEWARD. I move to lay the resolution
on the table. "
The motion was disagreed to. ,
The question now being on Mr. Caiilile s
amendment,
