1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
468
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act, seek, by any-
unusual means, to stimulate any unusual emigra-
tion to the Territory of Kansas. They did not
sock to aid or encourage the citizens of the State of
Missouri to emigrate there. But for the fact that
these emigrant societies were formed, under which
emigrants, as they passed through the State of
Missouri on their way to Kansas, avowed the
offensive object of their mission thither, the peo-
ple of Missouri would have allowed the settle-
ment of the Territory to have gone on as peace-
ably and quietly as the settlement of the Terri-
tory of Nebraska. But gentlemen are pleased to
term this state of things as the legitimate fruits of
the passage of the Kansas ana Nebraska act.
Sir, 1 ask if it is right thus to term these as the
fruits of the passage of that bill? No, Mr.
Speaker; they are the legitimate fruits of an or-
ganization concocted and matured here immedi-
ately after the passage of the act, and rapidly
extended by the Abolitionists of the country.
They have sought to send to that Territory large
numbers of persons for the express purpose of
voting, and by their votes forcingupon the Terri-
tory institutions in opposition to those existing in
the State of Missouri, at war with the safety of
the institutions of that State.
*And, sir, when these events took place in Kan-
sas,in November last, many people from Missouri
and other portions of the South had emigrated
to that Territory, and when the tocsin of alarm
was sounded; when it was said that the men sent
there by these emigrant aid societies, the Free-
State men, had determined to drive from the Terri-
tory all pro-slavery settlers; when, in pursuance of
that determination, the houses of the pro-slavery
men were burned, and their families deprived of
the shelter of their own roofs in inclement weather,
it was natural they should feel deep alarm, and it
is natural their friends living in the States from
which they came should feel great solicitude for
their safety. Sir, if I had had a near relative or
an intimate friend who had emigrated to that Ter-
ritory, and 1 should hear that an insurrection,
a rebellion had taken placc in the Territory, by
which his safety, and even his life, was threat-
ened, I would have been willing to have gone
there and stood by his side to assist him in his
defense, and in the maintenance of law; and it is
natural that the people in the State of Missouri,
under such circumstances, should have such feel-
ings.
The small fraction of the small population of
Kansas, sent there by the sinister influences of
Abolitionism, has gone through the farce of cre-
ating a State constitution, and proposes to set up
a State Government on the first Monday of March,
to supercede the territorial government estab-
lished by the United States; and the to-be-Gov-
ernor of this faction has sent by express a com-
munication to the President and to the Governors
of States, stating that a descent upon the town of
Lawrence is threatened—that an armed force is
collecting, the object of which is to destroy the
town. And this dispatch has been sent, I pre-
sume, to the Governor of every non-slaveholding
State whose Legislature is in session, to be pre-
sented to their respective Legislatures, soliciting
aid. That armed men, with which to levy war
ogainst the territorial government, is what is
wanted is clearly evidenced by the fact that it is
Proposed by an abolition member of the Ohio
legislature to raise and march into Kansas five
regiments of troops.
This assumption is at once impudent and
wicked. The people of Missouri desire to break
no laws; nor do they desire to see the laws bro-
ken and trodden under foot by intrusive and
%rmed men. They stand ready to honestly abide
by the laws of the Territory as they exist, and
by such laws as the people of Kansas may right-
fully adopt; and they are not likely to quietly
stand by and sec traitors overturn the laws of
Kansas'by force, and erect a government against
the wishes of the majority of the people thereof,
and in violation of the laws and authority of the
United States.
Wlion citizens of Missouri, who resided im-
mediately upon the border of Kansas and had
relatives in that Territory, went to their aid,
everything was conducted properly and in the
strictest compliance with law. There was no
descent made upon the town of Lawrence; there
was at tho time within six miles of that place a
force capable of its easy destruction. It could
have been destroyed in an instant; but the people
of Missouri desired no such thing. The Gover-
nor of the Territory had an interview with some
gentlemen who represented themselves as of au-
thority in the town of Lawrence. ^It was pro-
posed that they should submit to the course of
the law. ^ The arrangement was agreed to; it was
entered into by the Governor of the Territory,
and, as I have already stated, by some persons
of Lawrence, speaking in behalf of the remainder
of the people of that town. So soon as this in-
formation was communicated to the troops en-
camped upon the Wakarusa, they immediately
disbanded, and returned quietly to their homes.
True it is, that some of them had been invited to
come for a light, and some were anxious that they
should have a fight, regardless of the Sharpe's rifles
and the cannon which were said to be ready to greet
them.
A "Voice. Did they not run back?
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir. You cannot frighten
them. They did not run, and from a foe they
never will rijn. When the agreement was made
that the laws of the Territory shoul'd be enforced,
they were entirely satisfied. That which they
sought after was accomplished, and they were
willing to return to their homes. They were will-
ing to submit to the execution of the laws by the
civil officers of the Territory.
Mr. Speaker, in my opinion, the main cause
of the commotion is to be attributed to the en-
couraging letters which have been sent to those
in the Territory of Kansas, who have been and
are now endeavoring to subvert tho territorial
government. They were told that Whitfield
would be unseated, and that Reeder would take
his place m this Hall as their Delegate. They
were told that the constitution framed by a hand-
ful of men would be recognized as the constitu-
tion of the State of Kansas; that an attempt would
be made to bring that Territory into the Union
as a State with that constitution. How many
votes were given for that constitution? We have
never been able to accurately, or even approxi-
mately ascertain the number of votes cast for or
against that instrument. Those who were desir-
ous of maintaining the existing territorial gov-
ernment would not vote on the question, because
there was no law providing for the holding of the
election; no law providing that it should be prop-
erly conducted. I am informed that at the elec-
tion held, I believe, on the 9th of October, and at
which Reeder claims to have been elected Dele-
i gate, the same persons voted for him several times,
' for the purpose of swelling his aggregate vote.
This we may readily believe, when we consider
his friends and supporters were restrained by no
election laws whatever. And I am sure that there
can be adduced no evidence that the aggregate
number of vot^s even claimed to have been given
for Reeder is the number of those who have sup-
ported him in his cause, or the cause of the party
to which he has attached himself.
Mr. Speaker, 3 have risen for the purpose of
making opposition to the odoption of the resolu-
tion submitted by the Committee of Elections. I
only desire to know from them, what it is they ex-
pect to obtain? I ask why the proper and usual
course has not been pursued in this case ? I wish
to be informed why notice was not given, as pre-
scribed by the law fixing the mode for the con-
testing of elections, enacted in 1851?—why depo-
sitions were not taken? It was not incumbent on
Governor Reeder alone to come forward and con-
test General Whitfield's right to a seat upon this
floor; that right was possessed, and could be exer-
cised, by any other citizen of the Territory. Any
of the citizens might have given to General Whit-
field the notice under the law, and have then pro-
ceeded to take depositions to sustain the points
which would take from him the right to a seat in
this House. No step of the kind was taken—
none that I have heard of; and now the Commit-
tee of Elections come forward, without any evi-
dence before them, I presume, and ask that per-
sons and papers be sent for from Kansas. Are
these witnesses to be summoned on one side, or
on both ? Why not let the contestantgo to Kan-
sas, and there take depositions? Why not let his
attorney take such testimony for presentationhere
as he may believe important to the elucidation
and support of his case; and why not let him
1 follow m the course which has been and is in all
other cases now pursued by contestants ? Why
make exception m his case? If you make this
exception—mark out a new course—will you not
pursue the same course in regard to the contested
election case of Nebraska, that of New Mexico,
and all others, as it is proposed shall be pursued
in the Kansas case? If you make the exception
for Mr. Reeder, will you have any reason to
refuse it when asked by any other gentleman who
is here to contest seats of sitting members ? But
why send for persons to come here and testify ?
Why not have their evidence taken in the Terri-
tory?—why not have it taken at their place of res-
idence? Or is it that they are brought here not
for this, but for anotherand a very different pur-
pose—for the purpose of making testimony for
another question wliich may hereafter arise? I am
opposed to the proposition, and would be opposed
to it if presented in any other contested election
case. There are several of them to be acted on.
Establish the precedent in this case—send for per-
sons and papers as now asked for—and the same
request will be made by every other contestant.
You may have to send for persons and papers
thousands of miles. Look, then, to the delay
consequent thereupon ! I am in favor of pursu-
ing the usual course. The one now suggested
and presented is, it seems to me, entirely unpre-
cedented. I do notassert this as afact; lam not
aware of any contested election case, within the
last ten years, where persons and papers were
sent for. Indeed, I do not recollect any contested-
election case in the House of Representatives
where persons and papers were sent for. For
the reasons stated, and others that I will not now
take up time in stating, I am opposed to the prop-
osition presented by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Speaker,
I regret that, at the present stage of the proceed-
ings in reference to the election in Kansas, the
gentleman from Missouri should have indulged
m remarks of the character of those which we
have juftt heard. They were remarks of an exceed-
ingly exciting, not to say inflammatory, nature.
I shall not follow him in the course which he pur-
sued; I shall simply address a few words to the
House, to show the propriety of the request made
by the Committee of Elections for authority to
send for persons and papers in the Kansas con-
tested-election case. I shall say nothing of border
ruffians or traitors; I shall not prejudge the case.
I do not believe that the Committee of Elections
are disposed to prejudge it. They are desirous of
hearing all the facts, and deciding the case calmly
and justly; to do justice to all parties in the prem-
ises. They know this is a question of vast in-
terest; that it has excited deep feeling in every
section of the country. They believe it is their
duty to go to its consideration candidly and dis-
fassionately, as befits its gravity and magnitude.
believe they will do so.
I venture little to say, Mr. Speaker, that a ma-
jority, a large majority, of the people of this coun-
try believe there was no Legislature in Kansas—
that there was no legislation, nothing with the
vigor and effect of law under which Mr. Whit-
field claims a seat upon this floor. This is the
opinion, I believe, of a majority of the people of
the United States. It is the very general desire
that this matter shall be fully investigated; that
every fact shall be ascertained. The question is
not whether a Legislature, claiming to be such,
passed certain laws, but whether, in point of fact,
there was, or was not, any Legislature of the kind
which is alleged to have existed. In this case
we must have facts. The House must have evi-
dence of the grounds and authority on which Mr.
Whitfield takes a scat here. They must know
whether it be true, as has been alleged, and as the
newspapers have stated, that the election of mem-
bers of the Legislature was so conducted^ as, in
fact, to be no election. How can we obtain this
evidence ? In the present condition of the case,
how can the committee procure the testimony
upon which it can act, unless they have the power
to send for persons and papers, as they have
requested ?
Mr. PHELPS, (interrupting.) The gentleman
inquires how the committee can ascertain whether
the Legislature were ever legally assembled, and
whether the members were legally elected to the
Legislature ? I will call his attention to tho act
i organizing the Territory. Under that act, the
