1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
44a
34th Co o....1st Sess.
Politics of the Country—Mr. Keift.
Hon OF Reps.
rejection of a slave State from admission into the
Union, and the repeal of the fugitive slave law."
Thus it will be seen that all differences of opinion
are merged into anti-slavery hate, and that all sec- 1
tions of party are rallied to a crusade against the
South. Under the plea of justice, this party com-
mits a fraud,and it grins malignantly froni behind'
the mask of religion. This party has resorted to
the "Missouri compromise," as the lever with
which to turn the mind and conscience of the
North; and this Hall is still reechoing the cries
of "violated faith and disregarded compacts."
I will now strip this issue of false and factitious1
statements, and see what section reeks with
violated faith.
In 1820, Missouri was authorized to form a
State constitution. The act is as follows:
" Be it enacted, tyc., That the inhabitants of thfet portion
of the Missouri Territory, &c., be, and they are hereby, au-
thorized to form tor themselves a constitution and State
government, and to assume such name as they shall deem
proper; and the said State, u-henformed, shall be admitted
into the Union upon an equal footing with the original
States ia alt respects whatever."
In conformity to this act the inhabitants of (tie
Territory of Missouri did " form a constitution
and State government;" and, when farmed, did
apply for admission into the Union. The North
then rejected her. Why? Had she not a right
to be admitted? Let the facts answer. The
words of the act authorizing the inhabitants of
the Territory of Missouri to " form a constitution
and State government," are the very words used
in the several acts authorizing the inhabitants of
the Territories of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Ala-
bama, and Mississippi, to " form constitutions
and State governments." Now, sir, what was
the construction put upon these acts by the sev- :
eral Congresses to whom they were amenable?
Let us take the case of Ohio. The construc-
tion is found in the preamble to the act to pro-
vide for the due execution of the laws of the
United States within the State of Ohio, which
recites that " the people of the eastern division
of the territory northwest of the river Ohio did,
on the 29th day of November, 1802, form for
themselves a constitution and State government,
and did give to the said State the name of the
State of Ohio, to hereby the said State has become
one of the United States." Thus we have the
solemn decision of Congress, that Ohio, by form-
ing its constitution, became one of the United
States, without any further act by the legislative
body.' The same Construction was put upon the
bets whereby Indiana, Illinois, Alabama, and
Mississippi, formed their constitutions, and be-
came States of the United States. Congress thus
regarded the act authorizing the inhabitants
of a Territory to " form a constitution and State
government, as a compact obligatory upon itself
10 initanti, and executed as soon as the " con-
stitution and State government were formed."
Is it not arule of law, justice, and common sense,
that when a legislative body adopts a form of
words, which has received a certain construction,
it means to give it in that particular case the
same construction ? Is not this still-truer, where
the same form of words has beenrepeatedlyused,
mnd has always received the same construction ?
This is only to say of sentences what is said of
words, that their use determines their meaning ?
But, sir, another fact strengthens the argument.
The form of words which I have recited were
used in all the acts authorizing the formation of
constitutions and State governments, except in the
case of Louisiana. In her cape,Congress doubted
whether the large proportion of 'her inhabitants,
born'and'bredup under an arbitrary Government,
would either understand or prefer our form of
civil polity; therefore, in the act authorizing the
inhabitants of that Territory to form a " consti-
tution and State government," they added, " and
if the same should not be disapproved by Con-
gress at their next session, the said State should
be admitted into the Union upon the same foot-
•ing with the original States." Even in this
case, Congress held that, when the inhabitants
of a Territory were authorized to "form a con-
stitution ana State government," it became
one of the United States by the formation of the
State government, unless this construction was
expressly excluded. Now Congress, in 1820,
when they adopted the act authorizing the inhab-
itants of the Territory of Missouri to " form a.
; constitution' and State government," had before:
them the cases of Ohio and Louisiana. They
adopted the form of words whereby Ohio became
i one of the'States of the United States upon the
i " formation ofher State constitution;" and,there-
j fore, they meant that Missouri should be " one
; of the States of the United States," upon the
"formation of her State constitution." Did the
: North keep her faith to Missouri ? No. Fed-
eral officers had been superseded by State ap-
pointments; territorial machinery had given way
to State equipment and panoply; and Missouri,'
with your act in her hands, and her robes of sov-
ereignty around her, knocked at your door for
admission into the sisterhood of States, and was
rudely rejected. Where, then, was the plighted
faith Of the North?—'Where her reverence for a
sacred compact?
But Missouri was rejected, you say, because
her constitution was anti-republican. Wherefore
was it anti-republican? Because her constitution
authorized her Legislature to prevent the admis-
sion of free negroes within her limits. If it be
true that this clause was anti-republican, it was
simply null and void. Was a State, then, to be
deposed from her sovereignty, the rights of her
citizens to be abdicated, and her own status to
be forfeited, because of a provision in her consti-
tution which was null and void, ab initio ? Was
Congress, too, the proper tribunal to adjudicate
the conformity of this clause in the State consti-
tution of Missouri to the Federal Constitution ?
Had not your Federal organism possessed the
Supreme Court with this power ? And if it de-
cided the clause to be inconsistent with the Federal
Constitution, was not the clause, and only that
clause, simply null and void ? Kings have been
deposed, privileged orders have been abdicated,
but an American Congress for the first time set
the example, that the 'sovereign rights of a whole
people may be forfeited by what they called " an
error of their representatives." And was it an
error? Was not the same clause in the consti-
tution of States both North and South ? Did not
the legislation of northern States disfranchise and
degrade the African within their own limits.
The constitution of Ohio declared that "in all
elections all white male inhabitants shall enjoy the
right of an elector." In Indiana there was a i
law that " no negro, mulatto, or Indian, shall be
a witness, except ill pleas of the State against
negroes, mulattoes, or Indians, or in civil cases
where negroes, mulattoes, or Indians, shall be par-
ties." New Hampshire hadalaw, that" each and !
every able-bodied white citizen shall be enrolled;"
and Vermont had a similar law. The right to
have arms is the badge and the right of a citizen
in a free country; and yet these States disfran-
chised the negro from their-use. Massachusetts,
15th June, 1795, passed a law for the orderly
solemnization of marriages. It declared that" no
person, by this act authorized to marry, shall
join in marriage any white person withany Indian,
1 negro, or mulatto, on penalty of the sum of fifty
pounds, and the said marriage shall be null and
Void." Massachusetts at tharday was 'not-ambi-
tious of testing the philosophical experiment! of
amalgamation. That was left to these later days,
and to other of her sons. Whether the Ethio-
pian has ascended, or they have descended, I will
let others and history decide. Rhode Island,
which did not even have a State constitution, dis-
franchised and degraded the negro within her
own limits, but was so tender of their rights in
, Missouri, that she elected Mr. D'Wolf to- the
; United States Senate, to resist the admission of
; Missouri, with this clause in her constitution,
although he had made his whole fortune in the
African slave trade.
"But the very Congress which rejected Missouri
httd published its doctrine of negro rights and
negro equality. In an act incorporating the city of
'Washington, whichpassed 15th May, 1820, there
is this clause: " That no person shall be eligible
to a seat in the board of aldermen, or board of
common council, unless he shall be -more than
twenty-five years of age, a free White male citizen
of the United States, &c. It also contains a
clause giving to the corporation the power and
authority " to prescribe the terms and conditions
upon which free negroes and mulattoes may
reside? in the city." The corporation could thus*
in effect, exclude them from the city. Missouri
was rejected for giving to her Legislature, in
substance, the same power. • If negroes were not
citizens, they could claim- no right to enter a
State, and their exclusion from it was no viola-
tion of the Federal Constitution. The northern.
States did-not-regard them as citizens. Congress
did not so regard them. By an act of Congress,
passed on l'4th April, 1802, to establish an uni-
form rule of naturalization, they declared " that
any alien, being a free  elate person, may be ad-
mitted to become a citizen of the United States,
or any of them, on the following conditions,"
&c. The Government of Hayti was then an
independent empire. Why were its black inhabi-
tants excluded? In truth, die negro was not
regarded, either North or South, as a citizen;
and, in 1820, when the North imposed an odious
restriction upon the South, and then broke her
word, she only used negrophilism to hide the lust
Of jealousy and domination. If the constitution
of Missouri was anti-republican, then the con-
stitutions of all the States in the Union were anti-
republican also. I have shown what the Missouri
compact was, and who violated its plighted en-
gagements. I have shown that the North stabbed
it to the heart in the very hour of its birth, and
that now, wriggling through its corrupt carcase, _
its fanatical representatives come here, reeking
with its putrefaction, and cry out against the
South, "broken faith!"
Having relieved this issue of embarrassment I
may dismiss the remaining role of the Republicans
with a few words. Let the North refuse admis-
sion to a State because of slavery in her constitu-
tion, and the history of this Union is closed. We
have reared this Government through toil and
travail, through blood and sacrifice; we have
invested it with authority, have enriched it with
treasuries, and fleets, and armies, and have en-
dowed it with Senates, and courts, and judges;
but if it becomes the puppet of Abolitionism, if it
| becomes, in our very-midst, to us, a foreign Gov-
ernment, the South will tear it down from turret
to foundation stone. Abolish, the inter-State
slave trade, and we will trample your usurpation
under foot. Repeal the fugitive slave law, and
the South will meet you with gauntlets on.
In the next presidential election the North
will decide the probable fate of the Union. If the
banner of Black Republicanism is lifted to vic-
tory, the South will raise aloft her symbol of sov-
ereignty, and interpose her own shield for the
safety of her citizens. Let the conservatives of
the North beware!
| Why should this war be waged upon the South?
j Has the North been always thus ambitious of
| negro equality, and thus clamorously philanthrop-
! ical? Was Massachusetts always a negrophilist?
' In the early history of the country, the colonies
1 of New England entered into articles of confeder-
ation , one clause of which stipulated '' That if any
servant run away from his master into any of the
confederate jurisdictions, that in Such case (upon
certificate from one magistrate in the jurisdiction
! out of which the said servant fled, or upon other
due proof) the said servant shall be either deliv-
! ered to his master, or any other that pursues, and
; brings such certificate and proof." No trial by
jury; no habeas corpus here. The very nextclause
to this declares, " That upon the escape of any
' prisoner or fugitive for any criminal cause, &c,,
upon the certificate of two magistrates of the juris-
[ diction out of which the escape is made, he shall
be delivered into the hands of the officer, or other
i person who pursueth him." A runaway servant
| was then delivered up on the certificate of one
j magistrate—a fugitive, even for murder, could be
! delivered uponly upon the certifieateof two magis-
! trates. New England then had a robust morality,
and a high sense of her duty to her neighbors.
Massachusetts, even- at a later day, was above
" negro worshipping." Dr. Belknap, in his
; answers to Judge Tucker's queries respecting
slavery, says of her in 1763: " Negro children
! were reckoned an incumbrance in a family; and
when weaned, were given away like puppies. They
have been publicly advertised in the newspapers
to be given away. Puritan thrift was not then
stained with saintly hypocrisy.
I do not seek an occasion, Mr. Chairman, to
