444
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th CoN6f...tlsT Sess.
[April 7,
Politics of the Country—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. of Reps.
make criminatory remarks, or to array rival sys-
tems of society; but the course of debate here
induces me to submit a remark or two upon a few
points. First. Under the old Articles of Con-
federation fugitive slaves were delivered up more
readily and surely than under the present Federal
Government. Thus said Judges Washington,
Story, and Taney, under the sanctions of judicial
responsibility. International comity at that time
was more potent than constitutional obligations now
are. Secondly. The slave trade had been suspend-
ed under the old Articles of Confederation. Con-
flicting commercial regulations between Virginia
and Maryland, as to the waters ofthe Chesapeake,
induced the call for the convention which framed
the present Federal Constitution. In that con-
vention were John Rutledge, the dictator of South
Carolina throughout the Revolution, and worthy
to have been a dictator of Rome in Rome's proud-
est day; and George Mason, one of the noblest
and wisestof Virginia's statesmen, around whose
monumental urn you may cluster garlands and
jewels without obscuring its luster or impairing
its strength—in that convention these two men
had influence enough to ingraft upon the Consti-
tution a provision giving the control of commerce
and navigation to two thirds of the Federal (not
National, as it is now represented to be) Congress.
Against this the New England States struggled,
because they knew that their hard climate and
rough soil invited only the thrift of commercial
enterprise. They wished to control commerce and
navigation through a mere majority. The two
southern States, viz: South Carolina and Georgia,
were anxious to reopen the slave trade. The
northern States proposed to them to "strike a
bargain." The bargain was, to give the opening
of the siave trade to the South till 1808, and the
control of commerce and navigation to the North,
through the vote of mere majority. The proof is
in the debates of the Convention, and the follow-
ing memoranda of Mr. Jefferson, furnished to me
by my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] in the
other wing of the Capitol, the distinguished de-
scendant of an illustrious ancestor:
" Gonston Hill, September 30,1792.
" Ex relatione G. Mason: The Constitution, as agreed
to, till a fortnight before the convention rose, was such an
one as he would have set his hand and heart to. 1. The
Fresident was to be elected for seven years, then ineligible
for seven years more. 2. Rotation in the Senate. 3. A
vote of two thirds in the legislation on particular subjects,
and expressly on that of navigation. The three New Eng-
land States were constantly with us in all qnestions—(Rhode
Island not there, and New York seldom.) So that it was
these three States, with the five southern ones, against Penn-
sylvania, Jersey, and Delaware. With respect to the im-
portation of slaves, it was left to Congress. This disturbed
the two southernmost States, who knew that Congress
would immediately suwress the importation of slaves.
These two States, therefore, struck up a bargain with the
three New England States: if they would join to admit
slaves for some years, the two southernmost States would
join in changing the clause which required two thirds of the
Legislature in any vote. It was done. These articles were
changed accordingly, and from that moment the two south-
ern States and the three northern ones joined Pennsylva-
nia, Jersey, and Delaware, and made the majority 8 to 3
against us, instead of 8 to 3 for us, as it had been through
the whole convention. Under this coalition, the great prin-
ciples of the Constitution were changed in the last days of
the convention."
The bargain was struck; and what was done
under it? The citizens ofthe slaveholding States
imported only three thousand slaves out of the
thirty-nine thousand imported into the city of
Charleston, during the four years of that period,
for which I have the statistics. The verdict of
history will be, that to the North belongs the sin
(if sin there be) of the capture and transporta-
tion of the African, and to the South the virtue
of civilizing him.
Thirdly. Would the North account with the
couth for moneys received for slaves captured
and sold to her? Would she pay $1,200,000,000
out of her own pocket in the cause of negro phi- I
lanthropy? Will she clamor about negro slavery,
while in her pockets clink the gold which she
got through the sale of negroes? Sir, in this
abolition clamor there is the morality of Iago: be
philanthropical, " but put money in thy purse."
The Colonization Socicty calls upon her for & bars
pittance to send to Liberia those whom southern
masters have voluntarily freed, and it calls in
vain. Yes, the North captured the negro, brought
him to the South and sold him, and now with
the gainsin her hands, she is ready to move on
through blood and massacre, over burning homes
and butchered families, to perform her hellish
drama of emancipation and ruin.
Fourthly. Is the North superior to the South
in virtue, intelligence, or patriotism?
I do not wish to arraign northern society, but
i the assaults of members here require me to send
1 an arrow back. You show us the magnificent
diorama, but not the machinery with which it is
worked. Look to crime and pauperism, to dis-
ease and misfortune around you, and if you are
" good Samaritans," you will find sufficient vic-
, tims and outcasts on your wayside to occupy all
your time and charity. The South neither needs
nor asks for your vagabond philanthropy. Free
society points us to its civilization in the splendid
aggregate; to its arts and commerce; to its cities
and its material monuments; but it does not show
usits longarravofstarvingoperatives; its crowded
jails and fetid hospitals; its breadless boards, and
the vast reservoir of human life, poisoned in its
well springes, and poured out like water. No;
over these it throws the mantle, if not of charity,
at least of contumelious oblivion. To the North
we say, if you prefer your society, keep it; we
prefer ours, and we mean to keep it. Let there
be equal rights to each. Has the North, under
the influence of the free labor system, given proof
of greater virtue, intelligence, orpatriotism, than
the South ? Read you thus our common annals ?
Whose pen wrote the Declaration of Independ-
ence? Whose voice first kindled resistance in
the American heart? And whose genius lead
your armies to victory throughout your revolution-
ary struggle ? Those of men of the southern and
slaveholding and unequal States. Did not the
South, in that tremendous seven years' struggle, j
equally with the North, give her cities to pillage,
her homes to the flames, and her fields to deso-
lation? Did she not equally with the North bare
her forehead to the god of battles, when he came
to his "august baptism offire and blood?" In the ;
council chamber was not her intellect the equal of •
tbeNorth ? WerenotJeffersoh,andMadison,and '
Henry, and Mason,and Rutledge, and Pinckney* 1
and Butler, the fit compeers of your proudest
and noblest names ? Wnen, too,after your inde-
pendence had been won and established, your con-
federated States were sinking down into bleeding
and belligerent fragments, did not southern
genius originate and impress itself upon the Con-
stitution which organized your Federal polity ?
When, also, after years had rolled by, the cloud
of war again darkened land and water, did not
Clay, Calhoun, Lowndes, and Cheves " nail your
colors to the mast," and rally the courage and
patriotism of the American people to that struggle
which crowned your arms with imperishable
glory? Had southern spirit decayed when, a
few years ago,your eagles fluttered over the soil
of a neighboring republic? Go to the battle-
fields, thick strewn between Ulloa Castle and the
Halls of the Montezumas, and in the graves
upon them read the answer. Sir, I would tear
no chaplet from a northern brow; I would rob
no son of the North of his well-earned glory. I
honor the memories of her mighty dead, and I
would reverently bow before the altars upon her
battle-fields; but she denies truth and history if
she claims superiority over the South in vir^e,
•i intelligence, or patriotism. Why, then, should
the South be assailed and stigmatized, and her i
citizens be denied equality under the Federal '
Government ? _ What is this Union worth to her
when through it she is thus struck at?
_ Abolitionism, through an undeviating unity and
identity of purpose, has aggregated to itself, at
present, a dominating strength in the free States.
Born amid jeers, contempt, and scorn, nursed in
the haunts of obscurity, and fattened upon the
offals of the shambles, and the garbage of the
gutter, it has waxed corpulent and audacious.
Under the plea of justice it commits a fraud; and
under the pretense of humanity it libels truth. It
has risen upon the cowardice of the old parties,
and now unblushingly flaunts itself in the face of
the country. One day it skulked from sight; the
next, it challenged assault. Yesterday it was a
toad in the cellar—to-day it is a lizard in the
garret. Its leaders, skilled in the arts and pol-
icies of the demagogue, mouth their love for the
poor as did Judas Iscariot when he rebuked Mary
because she poured oil of spikenard upon the feet
of Christ, " for it might have been sold for three
hundred pence, and given to the poor."
, In the Black Republican party the conservative
men of the North never can enter.
Is there, then, no other flag to which they can
rally. Yes, one there is, unless those who bear it
prove treacherous to its inscriptions. True, its
leaders have often faltered and fallen by the
wayside, but the march of the party has been
onward. Free trade, economy,and a strictadher-
ence to the Constitution, are its mottoes. Often
has it departed from them in practice, but still it
has approached nearer to tnem in its general
action than any other party which has had pos-
session of the Government, The present Exec-
utive, who is its representative, has sternly
checked its wanderings, and recalled it to its
pledges. In the coming contest it has a great duty
to perform.
It is not my purpose now to discuss its general
principles, but to advert to the issue which the
next presidential election will embody and decide,
and its true action in relation thereto.
The public mind of this country never will ac-
cept but one great issue at a time. Circumstances
have conspired to make that issue in the next elec-
tion the Nebraska bill. Timid, but ambitious
men have attempted to wave it off, and a new party
sprung into existence to "pretermit" it, but the
former have been overridden, and the latter is
perishing. Abolitionism had swallowed up one
, of the old parties at the North, and whirled off
in its eddies a large section of the other, and had
, thereby become strong enough to make a palpa-
ble issue. It appropriated to this purpose the Ne-
braska bill; and hence, in the shape of this issue,
is now to be tried the obligations of the Consti-
tution against abolition usurpation. This issue
has been tendered by one party and accepted by
theother,anditwould be cowardicenow to blench
from it, and treachery to the South to evade it.
I pass over special provisions of that bill which
are obnoxious to me. I pass over the interpreta-
tion of its disputed clauses, and say, I take for
the time being the banner which it emblazons,
because it faces Abolitionism in its diversified
hues of "Missouri compact," "Free-Soil,"
" rejection of a slave State," and " repeal ofthe
fugitive slave law."
Abolitionism in its aggressions upon the South,
has made theseissues undercover of the Nebraska
bill, and the South should demand a decision upon
them. Will she do it, or will she acquiesce in
evasion and suppleness? How can she lift the
issue above evasion ? She can only do it by a
platform which shall specially contain the issue,
and putting upon that platform a special repre-
sentative of the issue. Will not any other course
be a pettifogging subterfuge? A platform alone
will not do, for keen dialectics and slippery eva-
I sion will make it cover heresies, if not treachery.
| No, you must have the platform, and then the
i representative of the issue, with the smoke of bat-
j tie around %im, must be upon it. Establish even
, a sound platform, and put other than a represent-
ative man upon it, and what is decided ? Noth-
ing, absolutely nothing; for true men will stand
upon the platform, and the harpies of the golden
feast will hover around the man. While the flag is
upon the "perilous ridge of the battle,"can the
South afford to parley, and juggle, and compro-
mise ? Sir, a compromise now will be, on her part,
a sale compromise — with whom ? Why, with
those who have traduced her character, assailed
her rights, and denied her equality; and in this
compromise she is to give the spoils, and get a hp
subterfuge.
Why has the Democratic party at the North
been broken down ? Because of its support of
the Nebraska bill. And now that the bill is in
issue, will the South see those men who led the
northern column shot down, and then greet,
with cordial welcome, the Janissaries who did
the deed ? I do not say that men who were out
of range of the shot are not true and trusty;
but I do say that this is no time for such a one
to bear your banner. The South must fight for
her rights and her honor, and the sooner she
