im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 19,
-first election of members to the Legislature was
to take place at such time and place, and in such
manner as the Governor of that Territory might
direct. In pursuance of that authority , the then
Governor of the Territory of Kansas issued his
proclamation appointing and prescribing the sev-
eral places at which the elections were to be held,
the judges who were to hold the elections, the
.form of the oath, and other formalitiesin relation '
to the election. In that same proclamation he
required the returns to be made to him; and if
there were five or ten of the inhabitants of any
election district who would make affidavits, as-
serting that they believed the person claiming to'
be elected had been unduly returned as elected,
he would investigate that case and decide it. In
pursuance of that regulation, returns of election
were made to Governor Reeder, at Shawnee Mis-
sion. He proceeded to investigate those cases in
which any contest was alleged; and, in the pre-
rogative claimed to be vested in him, he refused
to issue certificates to two or three members
claiming seats in the council, and to some half
dozen claiming scats in the House of Represent-
atives of the Territory. He issued certificates
of election to a majority of the Council, and to a
majority of the House, and he issued writs for
new elections to those districts from which he
"had withheld certificates of election; and those
elections were subsequently held. But each
branch of that Legislature, 111 (he exercise of the
power to decide upon the election, return, and
qualification of its own members, refused to rec-
ognize those pei sons who were elected at the
second election, and decided that those persons
who claimed to have been elected on the 30th of
March previous had been duly elected, and there-
fore were entitled to seats in the House of Rep-
resentatives of Kansas. 1 say, then, that the
tribunal which claimed to be competent to decide
upon the validity of the election of the members
of the first Legislature, made that decision, and
dccided that a majority of each branch of that
Legislature had boon duly elected, and were duly
qualified to sit in that Legislature; hence, there
' was a valid and legal Legislature.
Mr. WASHBURN, (resuming.) The gen-
tleman from Missouri has assumed to decide the
question which the Committee of Elections con-
ceive cannot be decided—ought not to be decided,
without the production of testimony as to the
facts whic.h existed in the c.ise. Tin: gentleman
from Missouri argues to show that there were
certain laws adopted, established, enacted by
the Legislature of Kansas, under which an elec-
tion did take place. That is begging the ques-
tion. That is the very fact concerning which wc
would make an inquiry.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask' the
gentleman a single question.
Mr. WASHBURN". Certainly.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask him, whether in
any contested election which has ever come u]
before this House, willun the knowledge of the
gentleman, this power now asked has been con-
ferred upon the Committee of Elections; and
further, whether, under the existing law provid-
ing for contested elections, the contestant from
Kansas has not the power to bring before the
committee of the House of Representatives all
the testimony which could be had by conferring
the power to send for persons and papers*
Mr. WASHBURN. In the first place J w'H
sny, that the power has been given by this House
to the Committee of Elections to send for persons
and papers, and I believe in very nearly the
terms of this* resolution. A similar resolution
was offered in one instance, which I will cite for
the information of the gentleman from Illinois.
In the celebrated New Jersey contested case a
resolution was offered by the then chairman of
the Committee uf Elections, Mr. Campbell, of
South Cdioluia, asking for authority to send for
poisons and papers, and it was adopted by a vote
of 176 to ](j.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Permit me to make an
inquiry, because I have not examined the case.
Let me ask the gentleman if that was before the
law was passed which now exists, in relation to
sending lor persons and papers?
Mr. WASHBURN. It was. In the second
place, I will say, that the existing law in reference
to elections, passed in 1801, has no reference to
elections m tlie Territories. It is in words spe-
cifically and strictly limited to Representatives in
Congress from the States, and has no sort of ap-
plication to this case. Besides, if it had such
application, it does not exclude the House from the
power to send for persons and papers, whenever
they may choose to do so. Each House, by the
Constitution, is made the judge of the returns, the
election, and the qualification of its own members;
and each House may, at any time, under the Con-
stitution, introduce and pass such orders and
resolutions to procure testimony, whether by wit-
nesses or deposition, as it may think proper. If
in any case it may seem that justice has not been
done, and cannot be done, by resorting to the law
of 1851, even within the limits of the States, it is
perfectly competent, and entirely within the power
of the House, in such cases, to pass resolutions
sending for persons and papers. There can be
no question about that. But the law of 1851 has
no respect or regard to the Territories, and does
not apply to them in the slightest degree; so that,
so far as rcspccts the question now before the
House, we stand as the House stood in the New
Jersey election case.
I believe I -have answered fully and completely
the questions propounded by the gentleman from
Illinois.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
asks why depositions have not been taken? 1
imagine it will not be very difficult for members
of the House to understand how it has happened
that Governor Reeder could not have taken dep-
ositions before in the Territory of Kansas. He
gave notice, a few days after the election, or the
pretended election of General Whitfield, that he
should contest his scat; and also, as has been
said by the gentleman from Missouri, that he
would proceed, at certain times and places, to
take depositions; but I understand that he was
unable to find magistrates, or persons qualified
to take depositions within the Territory, and who
i would aid him in that way. So that it was prac-
i tically impossible for linn to procurcthe evidence
j necessary for him to have here in order to
i establish his case, or in order to show thatGen-
! eral Whitfield is not entitled to his seat.
! Mr. PHELPS. I desire to ask the gentleman
1 from Maine, whether Governor Reeder could not
I have had depositions taken before any one of
■ the three judges of the Territory ? Were they not
! authorized to administer oaths, and were they not
' all three in the Territory at that time, so that the
! contestant need not have gone m search of tcrri-
1 tonal magistrates*
| Mr. WASHBURN. I understand that it was
J not practicable for Governor Reeder, at that
! time, to obtain magistrates or persons qualified
; and authorized to administer oaths and to take
| depositions. I understand that there was, at that
| time, a question as to who were the judges in
I point of fact; and I am-not sure—I have not
I been informed—whether or not any of these per-
1 sons claiming to be judges were at that time
| within the Territory; or, if so, whether they were
I willing to act in the taking of depositions in this
! ense; but, 1 am informed to this extent: that it
I was practically impossible for Governor Reeder
| to take his testimony in the form of depositions.
J 1 understand that he did take a few depositions,
| and that such as he did take were sworn to be-
! fore private individuals as the best and all that
| he could do. It was not in his power—and I
i imagine that the House will luadily conceive how
and wiiy it was not m his power—in that Terri-
tory, situated as it was, circumstanced as it was,
to obtain testimony there; and the House will
perceive how it would be very dillicult for him,
at any time, to obtain testimony in the Territory
of Kansas. Therefore it is, and inasmuch as the
questions which have been argued here ought to
be decided on proof and on testimony, and inas-
much as that testimony can only be obtained by
bringing the witnesses here, that the Committee
of Elections decided to ask in this case that the
House should do what it has done heretofore in
other cases, and in cases where there was nothing
like the reason, or show of reason, for authoriz-
ing the passage of such a resolution, as there is
in the present case. Governor Reeder, I under-
stand, also applied to the Secretary of the Terri-
tory for leave to obtain copies of certain papers
which he believed necessary to sustain his case
here; and copies of these papers, as 1 am informed,
were refused him. These papers he believes
ncccssary to sustain his case. Without having
them in his possession, orwitliout knowing their
contents, he would necessarily proceed to the
taking of other testimony under many embar-
rassments.
Mr. Speaker, the Committee of Elections be-
lieved it was due to the House, due to Kansas,
due to the country, and due to the claimants here,
in order that there should be a fair and dispas-
sionate consideration of this question, and a just
decision thereon, that it should have power to
procure the attendance of persons who might in-
form it of the facts, from which it might infer
and decide whether it be true or not, that the elec-
tion under which General Whitfield claims to
hold his seat was held according to law; whether
the law was binding and in force, or was void;
and whether or not'the contestant is entitled to
his seat.
Without going further into the question—fori
do not believe it ought to be discussed now—and
having stated the reasons which influenced the
committee to ask this authority; and as this ques-
tion has been discussed at considerable length by
the gentleman from Missouri, I, before taking my
seat, call for the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
has called for the previous question.
Mr. CRAWFORD. It is very liberal on the
part of the gentleman from Maine to call for the
previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope the House will vote
down the call for the previous question.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. I hope the gen-
tleman from Maine will withdraw the call.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Let it be put to the House.
Mr. OLIVER. E desire that the gentleman
from Maine will give me his attention, and hope
that he will withdraw the call for the previous
question. As a member of the committee with
himself, and having heaid him with interest in
the remarks which he submitted to the House, I
deem it but courteousncss towards me, inasmuch
as 1 differed from the majority of the committee
in the requisition made to the House, that I should
be heard.
Mr. WASHBURN. At the suggestion of
friends, and at the request of members of the
committee, i withdraw the call for the previous
question.
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not propose, Mr.
Speaker, to say much on the subject of this reso-
lution. It involves one of the extraordinary
powers of this House, and one which ought not
to be inconsiderately or rashly resorted to. I be-
lieve there is but one instance, so far as I have
investigated the matter, where, in cases of con-
tested elections, the House of Representatives has
ordered the sending for persons and papers. That
was the case of the New Jersey election. Jit that
time, sir1, there was no general law of the United
Stales regulating the taking of testimony in cases of
contested elections. Whether the committee in that
case ever exercised any power under the resolu-
tion, I am not })reporod at this time to say. I am
not going to contend against the power of the
House, if a proper occasion should arise, to give
such authority; but we ought to inquire whether
the necessity has arisen in the present case, before
we do exorcise this power, and particularly in re-
lation to a Territory so distant as Kansas, putting
witnesses to so great inconvenience and expenses
in obeying our summons. The House is unin-
formed this morning by the Committee of Elec-
tions why it makes this application; and I phall,
before I take my seat, move that the resolution
be referred back to that committee, with instruc-
tions to report to this House the grounds on wiiie^
it makes this application, or their reasons for in-
voking the unusual exercise of this power. Then
the House and the country will be duly informed
whether sufficient reasons exist why the resolu-
tion should be adopted. We, Mr. Speaker, as
now advised in this House, (for it is improper to
speak of what has occurred m the committee,) can
only judge of the matter submitted to us by the
memorial and notice given by the gentleman con-
testing the seat of General Whitfield.
The memorial alleges the invalidity of the law
under which General Whitfield, the Delegate
from the Territory, now holding his seat m this
House, was elected. He affirms that the law was
void—that there was no law. But how, sir, arc
