1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
their extreme poverty had caused' and would cause
them to commit depredations upon their neighbors.
If this was a war, why did this Government
remunerate the Creek nation for their losses oc-
casioned by it? If a war, why superadd to the
bounty of #400,000, given the main body of the
tribe, the further sum of $10,000 to about twenty-
five hundred Creeks, represented as hostiles, to
prevent their depredations upon their own breth-
ren and neighbors? If a war, why indemnify
our enemy for losses incurred, and secure him
against hypothetical injuries from his own sub-
jects or citizens ? If a war, by what rule of pub-
lic morality can we justify such generosity
towards our foes, while denying reparation for
injuries inflicted by them upon our own citizens ?
If a war, this Government surely cannot refuse
reparation for the losses of its own citizens, since
it has indemnified their enemies for their losses,
although the aggressors ! Those who maintain
that it was a war, utter the bitterest reproach
against the Government. They accuse it of pro-
tecting its enemies, and rewarding them for the
injuries #one its own citizens.
If, as I maintain, it was no war, why, I repeat,
are we not entitled to the provisions of the In-
dian intercourse acts, like the people of Arkan-
sas and Missouri—we, by virtue of the act of
1837, as they are by the act of 1834? Their
claims to protection against, and to indemnity
for, Indian depredations, are no stronger than
ours. If they rely on the pledges of the Gov-
ernment, so do we. If they rely on acts of Con-
gress, so do we. And, if the obligations of
the Government, self-imposed by legislative acts,
can be increased by extraneous circumstances,
those presented by me add tenfold strength to
our claims.
If this Government were not bound by its own
Jaw to reimburse our losses—if we had no claim
to the relief promised by the intercourse acis—if
war had actually existed with the Creeks, yet I
maintain that the Government is bound, by its
past policy, no less than by principles of natural
equity and common justice, to render to us a fan-
return for our lost property.
The past policy of the Government has been
to pay its citizens for all property taken for, or
lost or destroyed in the public use, as illustrated
in the act of 1816, and also to pay for all prop-
erty lost by the depredations of friendly Indians,
as illustrated in the intercourse acts. Now, the
commissioners allow nothing for cattle, corn,
bacon, or any material for subsistence of the
United States troops, taken in the country where
these Indians were, of which no account was
taken by the United States officers at the time.
Neither do they allow anything for the depreda-
tions of friendly Indians, or of hostiles, sepa-
rately, or, indeed, distinguish between them.
The question which party, the hostile or friendly,
took or destroyed the property lost by the set-
tlers, seems not to have occurred to them, or to
have been mooted; they offer no evidence and
express no opinion on this point. The only evi-
dence which I have been able to find raises, at
least, a strong presumption, that most of the prop-
erty lost was taken, consumed, or destroyed by
the friendly warriors. There were from twelve
hundred to fifteen hundred friendly Indians under
Opothle-Yohola,and from five hundred to six hun-
dred under Jim Boy, taken into the service of the
United States, who acted as a pioneer force, j
scouring the country in advance of the United 1
States troops. They were without provisions, j
and ordered to subsist on what tk&y could gel; they ,
wife promised the plunder of the hostiles as part [
of their wages. They construed this as a license j
to take all they found, not in the actual and 1
immediate possession of the whites. They found i
the country deserted by the whites, every house \
without an occupant, and every piece of prop- 1
erty without an ostensible owner. They noted j
in licentious liberty upon everything that could !
satisfy an appetite or passion not only to satiety, j
but until nothing was left to stimulate their love
of plunder or of rapine. They slaughtered the
cattle, of every species, that came within range
of their guns,notmerely to appease hunger, or to
carry off, but to prevent the hostiles from getting
any beef or pork, and to satisfy their own pas-
sion for destruction. They robbed the houses
of every movable piece of furniture that they
valued as useful or ornamental, and destroyed
2055
what they could not carry off. While the hos-
tiles, small in number and conscious of their
weakness, skulked about in the deep forests by
day, killing what they could eat or carry off, and
entered the open fields and dwellings by night,
to destroy ana desolate, these friendly Indians,
greatly exceeding the former in numbers, sus-
tained by the United States troops, conscious of
their strength and safety, and rejoicing in the
license to take what they found, travelsed the
fields and highways, and entered the farm-yards,
and pastures, and dwellings of the absent tenants,
scattering lire-brands, arrows, and death on every
hand.
Such is the testimony of Colonel Hogan, Gen-
eral Woodward, Major Collins, Colonel McLe-
more, Quartermaster Miller, Strange, Torren.ce,
and others, in the book which I have before me.
Inasmuch as the friendly Indian warriors were
subsisted like the hostiles, as the former exceeded
the latter by three to one, as the former had a
wider range and greater field of plunder, and as we
have testimony to establish immense ravages by
them, 1 maintain that they destroyed more prop-
erty of the whites than did the hostiles. There
is no evidence taken by the commissioners and
nothing in their report to negative this conclusion,
but much to sustain it.
Now, the act of 1816 provided payment for
property impressed or taken by public authority
for the use or subsistence of the Army, whether
the same was consumed in the use, or lost or
destroyed while in the possession of the army. The
intercourse acts provide, payment for property
taken, stolen, or destroyed by Indians in amity with
the United States, provided the citizen docs not
seek private satisfaction or revenge, and prefers
his claim to the Government in three years.
Why is not the Government bound, both by
the letter and the spirit of those acts, to pay for
property used or destroyed by its own $rmy or
friendly Indian warriors? Mr. Whittlesey re-
plies, because the Government never authorized
any wanton aggression on the property of the
white settlers, and that, when wantonly com-
mitted, the aggrieved party must seek redress from
the soldiers or Indians ! This has been truly and
indignantly denounced by the sufferers as adding
insult to injury. What authority or power had
the claimants to demand or obtain restitution ?'
To what legal tribunal could they appeal fur
redress? How could they distinguish and iden-
tify the depredators from other soldiers or war-
riors ? Where could they have pursued and over-
taken them with civil process? Could they
have brought actions against the United States
troops collectively by descriptions of the com-
panies, or against the whole tribe of Indians?
The remedy has not been pointed out by the
sapient counselor of the claimants; and all must
concede that the suggestion is as absurd as in-
sulting.
According to the testimony of Colonel Hogan,
the United States cmigratingagent, sustained by
several others, he was directed to subsist the Indians
as he best could, and they were promised any property
they could'take, which did not belong either to the
whites or the friendly Indians. But they were not
advised how to distinguish the property of the
hostiles from that of the whites; and they were
not at all scrupulous or caieful in discriminating,
i They construed their license to be, to take what
! they could get. They did so; and what they
j could not take and use they destroyed. The
! Government gave them no other mode of sub-
, sistence, and they were compelled to pillage by
j their necessities, as well as tempted by their
; license. The same is true in a less degree of the
| United States troops. The petitions of Bennett,
1 and others, and the testimony of Colonel Hogan,
! General Woodward, Colonel McLemorc, Major
! Collins, Major Torrence, and Quartermaster C.
i F, W. Miller, and others, to be found in Execu-
i tive document No. 127, Twenty-Fifth Congress,
| offered ample proof of these facts.
| In conclusion, Mr. President, I recur to my
I three propositions, which, I think, are true ana
I incontrovertible, and amply sustained by the tes-
' timony to which I have referred. This Govern-
i ment is bound to pay for property taken for the public
service. By the testimony of the civil and mil-
itary officers of the Government, approved as
sufficient by the commissioners, it is established
that property to the amount of #25,000 was taken
for the use and subsistence of the Army of the
United States.
This Government is bound to protect the lives and
property of its citizens, and to prevent the loss of
either, as far as is practicable. And if it permit the
destruction of property when it might have pre-
vented it, and, a fortiori, if it refuse whefi impor-
tuned to protect where it could have done so, and
even cause by its action or its passiveness that
destruction, it should repair the loss. That the
Government might have prevented the outbreak
and depredations of marauding Indians will
scarcely be denied. That by crowding all the
tribes, which had occupied broad domains in
Georgia and Alabama, within narrow limits in
the latter State; by divesting- them of all their
land and means of living, ana yet allowing them
to remain as tenants at sufferance among the
whites whom the Government invited and in-
duced to settle the Territory; by refusing to feed
vhe Indians, or to remove them beyond the Mis-
sissippi, when admonished of their starving con-
dition by its own civil and military officers; by-
declining to send" United States troops there to
check and restrain the Indians from violence, or
to authorize the Governor of Alabama to furnish
volunteers for that purpose,and byeven removing
the regular soldiers and disbanding the volunteer
corps raised by order of General Scott—that by
these acts of omission and commission, the Gov-
ernment made the settlers vicarious victims of its
willful neglect or bad policy, appears to me un-
questionable.
That the Government is bound to pay those claims
which it has, by legislation, pledged itself to discharge
is certainly true, unless it be independent of its
laws, and of all moral obligations. That by the
act of 1837, it agreed to pay such claims as came
within the spirit of the act of 1816, or the Indian
intercourse acts, cannot be denied without im-
puting to the Congress of 1837 ignorance of the
import of those acts or deliberate bad faith. And
that those claims do come within one of those
acts, and are for property taken for the public
service, or destroyed by an Indian tribe in amity
with the United States, is sustained not only by
the testimony of disinterested witnesses for the
claimants, but by the Indian agent and other
civil and military officers of the United States,
and by the admission of the Government in
making no treaty of peace with the Creeks after
the disturbances of 1836, in demanding no indem-
nity of them for their destruction of property,
and in paying them, under the treaty of 1838,
$400,000 for their property lost by those disturb-
ances, and giving §10,000 to the twenty-five hun-
dred hostiles to keep thom from committing dep- -
redations on their Indian neighbors.
Will this Government longer deny bare justice
to its own citizens, and refuse to fulfill its own
pledges'1 1 hope not. I fondly trust, sir, that
it will vindicate it own honor, no less than the
rights of my constituents, by paying its proper
debts, and satisfying their just demands.
Mr. PITZPATRICK. I hope the vote will be
taken; the subject has been fully discussed.
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall not delay the Senate.
I must express my regret that my friend from
Virginia should have this bill postponed from
time to time, and then make a point not in the
case. No Senator has contended that the rule
amongst civilized nations is to pay for injuries in
war, though the report shows that the usage in
that respect is against principle. The point is,
was there war? As I snowed in a former argu-
ment, our practice has been to make the Indians
pay for such spoliations, even in war. The duty
of all Governments is to protect the citizens from,
all sovereigns. If these Indians were sovereign,
the Government of the United States would be
compelled to do that, unless the public safety
would not allow it. As I showed on a former
occasion, you went to war with Mexico because
she would not pay your citizens what she owed
them. In this case, as the Senator from Alabama
has said, there was no war; and there is another
fact showing that there was none—there has been
no treaty of peace. The acts were not committed
during the war, and therefore the depredations of
these Indians are within the principles and spirit
of the Indian intercourse act, according to the
uniform practice of the Government. It is the
duty of the Government, even in regard to inde-
pendent sovereignties, when it can do so,to make
