1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
34th Cong.... 1 st Sess.
Politics of the Country—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. or Reps.
makes 1he fight the better. Had she made it ''
wars a?o it would have been better far. She has
trusted too Ion? 10 elastic plaMorms and pliant
leaders; she has stood too often on platforms
which were crowded with those who only strove
to gwud the baggage train that they might plun-
der it.
Sir. the Democratic party at the North has been
cut down in the fi^ht. It has passed through fire
and water, bat, like Mozart's Zauberflote, it has
come out with cleansed and whitened garments.
It is now strong enough to do battle for the Con-
stitution. "Will you swell it for the spoils with
a motley horde, wearing soiled and tattered
robea ? It* you will, give thepi«(/'on* to the South,
and the num to the Give a pledge of prin-
ciple to one section, and a representative to the
oilier—available because he lures to himself Free-
Soil sympathy. In this struggle it makes no
difference whether Free-Soil support is levied, >
through the sentiments of your banner-bearer, or
his absence from the field of fight. Abolitionism
is the foe of the South, and there should be no
parley with it in any of its phases.
Sir, by comity the South is entitled to the
nomination. You recognize this comity when
you select a candidate tor the Presidency from
one section, and for the Vice Presidency from
the other. The South has true, and tried, and
distinguished statesmen, and she might claim, in
the next election, the right of comity. But, in
view of the struggle in which she is about to
engage—in view or the great issue about to be
tried, she may waive her claim—she may accept
the present Federal Executive, for he stood firm
in the hour of trial, and looked only to the Con-
stitution. Black Republicanism has arraigned
him in the Senate, and the storm of fanaticism
now howls around him. If the South looks
to the North for a presidential candidate, will ,
she abandon him for availability? Well, too, 1
might she accept the distinguished Senator from
the West, [Judge Docglai,] who, with heroic
courage and splendid eloquence, led on the col-
umns in the Nebraska fight. Will the South
turn her back upon him, because he has been
scarred in that conflict, and select another, upon
the plea of availability ?
Sir, the next contest will be a momentous one.
It will turn upon the question of slavery, and the
constitutional rights of the South. The South
should establish in the platform, the principle,
that the right of a southern man to his slave is
equal, in its length and breadth, to the right of a
northern man to his horse. She should make
the recognition of the right full, complete, and
indisputable. She should leave no room for a
sickly sentimentality to mouth and mouse upon,
or for keen dialectics to quibble about. Then
she may accept a representative man from the j
North. If she gets not such a one, then let her
claim her right of comity. Let Old Virginia
bring forward her distinguished son, [Mr. Hun-
ter,] and claim for him the place of Ajax at the
feast of Agamemnon; or let the young, but gal-
lant State of the West, which wonherindepend- 1
ence, and then floated into your galaxy, offer
her distinguished Senator, [General Rvsk.J Sir, :
let us have no evasion in this struggle. Let us
have no administration of douceurs of etiquette to
men, and opiates to principles. Let us have no
political minuet de la Cour, and no grand cham-
berlain to marshal Free-Soilers into places. To
make the Nebraska bill the issue, and then not
to take a man who is the embodiment of the
principle, is to make a mockery of the issue. It
is to lower your flag in the face of the enemy.
In this connection I will make a few remarks
upon a new article of faith, which it is proposed
to introduce into the Democratic creed, viz: the
one-term principle. Is it congenial to the theory
or practice of the Government? The Constitu-
tion of the United States is a treaty between the
several States, and was intended especially to
be the guardian of your foreign relations and
commercial intercourse. The President of the
United States is the representative of the sov-
ereigniies of the several States, and is intrusted
with especial cognizance of their foreign relations. :,
In domestic affairs he is endowed with the veto
power, to check aggressions and unjust or un-
wise legislation. Will you secure a fuller knowl-
edge of your foreign affairs, or a more liberal
wisdom in the conduct of domestic interests, by
the adoption of the one-term principle? If not,
how, then, does it conform to the theory of your
Government? Is it consonant to its practice?
Was it adopted by the founders of the Republic;
or was it sanctioned by those later statesmen and
patriots who were cradled amid the thunders of
the Revolution ? No, it is an excrescence upon
these latter days; it is one of the many fetid issues
which now spring up, rank and rife, like mush-
rooms upon a rotten trunk. It has been swollen
into unwholesome proportions through the poi-
sonous influence of your national convention
system. No matterwhyor wherefore, these con-
ventions have sprung into existence; they are fast
hardening into a relentless and dominating des-
potism. They, have substituted their platforms
for the Constitution, and are making the Federal
Executive the puppet of party. As the Roman
crown was sola in the Pretorian camp, so in these
camps of party,rival interests are bargained with,
and availability installed as monarch. This sys-
tem is inaugurating a dynasty of trickery and me-
diocrity ; its armed tread is ascending to the throne
of the Constitution; and its mailed hand is wrench-
ing the scepter from its gripe. Uttering its edicts,
dispensing its absolution, and moving on in its
career with a relentless unity and identity of pur-
pose, men will become through its influence, mere
insects,buzzing in its sunshine, and dying in the
first frost of its frown. As the plague left its spots
upon the walls of every house which it passed
over and touched, so, too, the moral simoom
which has swept over this structure has left its
stains from cap stone to foundation. Under
this system, the lightning of the public mind
will not be from the heavens—it will be sub-
terranean; it will burst upward from the earth,
and will seldom strike the tallest towers of the
Republic.
But where is the danger of making the Presi-
dent accessible to a renomination ? Is it from the
patronage of the Government, or the corruptibili-
ty of the officer ? If the former, then the Govern-
ment has swollen into illegitimate power and in-
fluence, and is corrupting your people. Then a
central despotism has been reared upon the ruins
of republican simplicity, and is corrupting the
people through the appliances of power, and the
trappings of office. If this be true, you must
cleanse the fountain, and not the turbid waters
below it. Bring back the Government to its
original principles; rescue it from the grasp of
a congeries of associated interests, ana reduce
it to republican simplicity, and the remedy is
applied.
If the danger is in the corruptibility of the offi-
cer, this arises from the perverted and aggran-
dized functions of the office. Restore it to its
primitive purposes. No, this fear is founded
upon the perversion of the -office,, and the cor-
ruptibility of the people. If the fear is well
founded, your system is a failure.
Lhave now, Mr. Chairman, examined the con-
dition of the Republic, and %ie policy of the
Democratic party. In the next election I will
strike with it, because it comes nearest to my
standard of the right; but, after it is triumphant,
if £ loses its purity, or forfeits its pledges, as I
now strike with it I will then strike against it. I
cannot go onboard the Know Nothingcraft; for,
however seasoned its timbers, and strong its
spars, its ship articles are only for a mousing
venture on narrow waters, and a stealthy voyage
from headland to headland. The Black Republi-
can vessel has no charms. A piratical flag floats
from its masthead, and the manifest of its crew
is to scour the seas, marauding on every coast,
and cannonading, bombarding, and sacking every
city. The Democratic ship alone lias a constitu-
tional flag over it, and its mission is to sweep
through the waters,.scattering, in every land, the
seeds of peace, and civilization, and rearing in
every clime the monuments of republican liberty.
The mission of the Democracy is indeed a no-
ble one. It holds the Government almost in
fee-simple: if it be true to the Constitution it will
hold it absolutely in fee-simple. Thus holding
it, it may use it as & lever to disenthral ana i
regenerate the civilization of the world, not by
military propagandism, not bv fire and steel, but
by the influence of mind and lofty example. Its
mission is to break the barbaric uarkness of cen-
turies—to enthrone again that knowledge which
in olden time made men as de'mi-gods—to set at
work a "power subtler than brute force, and
mightier than armed numbers." Ay, to teach
men once more to pay homage to the royalty of
mind. And what magnificent appliances it has
to accomplish this destiny! With the blood of
every people flowing through its veins; with the
intellect and energy of every race inherited; with
the treasures of every language its spoils—as the
temple was built upon the brow of Moriah, by
Canaanite and Tyrian; as Lebanon gave her cedars
to it, and Ophirner gold; so, too, a temple seems
to have been builded here by the elect of till lands,
on whose altars patriotism might kindle its fires,
and from whose portals philanthropy might go
forth to meet the future, leaning upon the arm of
Jehovah. Your past is indeed typical of. your
future. Seventy-five years ago you were a scanty
band. Now, you number millions on millions;
and while the census-taker is at work hundreds of
thousands are added to the list. Then, thirteen
feeble States blazed upon your banner of stars.
Now, how many are there? You cannot tell me;
for, even while you count them, new States are
wheeling into the firmament and mingling their
brightness with the blaze of the Federal constel-
lation ! Yes, all over your sky rays of light are
crystalizing into stars, and they are circling round
your galaxy.
APPENDIX.—SLAVE TRADE FOR FOUR YEARS.
1 1804.
Country o/ the
Vcaelt. Where owned. Proprietor
tf the Cargo.
Aaron. Charleston New England.
Ann   British Scotland..
Easter  " «
Brilliant  " Rhode Island.
Armed Neutrality Charleston Great Britain.
Argo. Rhode Island....Ireland.
Thomas ....British ..........Great Britain.
Horizon Charleston  "
Harriot French   " «
Eliza Rhode Islaad.... « "
Alexander Charleston....... " - "
Francis  " « "
Christopher British   " "
Favorite Rhode Island .... " «
M'Lespine British   " . "
Susanna Charleston New England.
Active .....British Great Britain.
Hamilton  " ". "
Ruby Charleston   " "
Mary   Norfolk  " "
Perseverance British Great Britain.
Kitty Charleston Charleston.
Lupin British   Rhode Island.
j Mary Huntley  " Great Britain.
Governor Wentworth. " .. ..  "
Experiment  " " ..«
Eagle   Rhode Island....Rhode Island.
Neptune     " « '<
Fanny British  ... ..Great Britain.
Thomas Charleston....... " . "
Nile  " . .. "
Recourse British  — "
Isabella   " . . " "
Armed Neutrality, Charleston   " "
Susanna  " " "
Love and Unity British   Rhode Island.
Jack Park  " Great Britain.
Manning  " ." .".
Juliet ...... Rhode Island ....Rhode Island.
Margaret ..British   ..Great Britain.
Louisiana Rhode Island Rhode Island.
Ariel British   Great Britain.
Ector  « . " . . "
Margaret  " ... " "
Hiram Rhode Island .... Rhode Island.
Louisiana ...British  " "
Maria   " ... Great Britain.
llambleton  « . . «, "
Rambier.. ..Rhode Island..,.Rhode Island.
William.. British ...Great Britain.
1806.
Ariel British       Great Britain.
Mary   " " "
Daphna Charleston  " "
Carie British  " "
America   " « "
Davis Charleston....... " "
Lydia  " New Jersey.
Dudton .British Great Britain.
Amazon  " " "
Fair American Charleston....... Rhode Island.
Miller  " Ireland.
Edward and Edmund.. " . Great Britain.
