1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1181
rule—to appear by counsel who can address us
in our language.
Mr. MiLLSON. I did not intend, Mr. Speaker,
to take the floor from the gentleman for the pur-
pose of submitting any independent remarks; but
I merely desired to ask the permission of my
friend from Georgia to allow me, before he took
his seat, to make abrief explanation to the House.
But since the floor has been assigned me, I can do
in my own time what I desired to do within the
time for which the gentleman from Georgia occu-
pied the floor.
When the gentleman from Georgia yesterday
referred to several precedents, which he said
might be found, establishing the right of counsel
to be heard before legislative bodies, I inquired
of him whether counsel had ever been permitted
to be heard, as lepresenting members of these
bodies. I asked the question—as I stated—
merely for information. 1 did not know whether
or not the precedents extended so far as, from the
general language of the gentleman, might be gath-
ered. I had not then come to a conclusion that,
even if this were an original application, it ought
not to be granted. I asked the gentleman purely
for information; and I merely rise now, sir, for
the purpose of guarding myself against the in-
ference which might be drawn from the inquiry,
that I had come to the definitive conclusion that
it would be improper, even if this were an original
case, to allow the sitting member to be heard by
counsel.
A little reflection on the subject satisfied me
that it was eminently proper that the House
should allow either of the gentlemen whose seats
are in question here, to be heard by counsel.
And the moment the gentleman from Georgia rose
just now, to move a reconsideration of the vote
by which the House had rejected the resolution,
I had myself intended to take the floor for the
purpose of submitting an independent motion;
and I do not know now that it would not be bet-
ter the question should come before the House in
the shape of an independent motion, made by a
member on this floor, rather than in the form of
a resolution reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions. I find, sir, that in the first case which
occurred in Congress—the case referred to by
my friend from Georgia—the House, on motion,
adopted this resolution:
"On a motion made and seconded, it is
t( Ordered, That the case of the contested election on the
part of James Jackson, complaining of the undue election
and returns of Anthony Wayne, one of the members le-
tumed to a seat xu tlii& Ilou-se fiora the State of Georgia,
the sitting member have leave to bo heard by his counsel
at the bar of this House on Monday next."
Now, it is still competent for the House, not-
withstanding the rejection of the resolution re-
ported by the Committee of Elections, to order,
on motion made and seconded, that the sitting
member have leave to appear by counsel; or that
the contestant have leave to appear by counsel;
and, as I suggested just now, I think that the
preferable mode of proceeding—for it may not be
altogether properthat the Committee of Elections
should, as a matter of course, invite the House
to hear the parties by counsel, whether they de-
sire it or not. It may be more simple that the
House should take action on the petition of tlio
party desiring to be heard by counsel. Then the
House can indicate the time when the counsel is
to be heard. I think, if the House shall determ-
ine on what day they will take up this con-
tested-election case, it would be best to adopt a
resolution designating some day on which coun-
sel might have leave to be hoard.
Now, sir, I yesterday indicated a desire that
some precedent should be furnished for the course
which it is proposed to pursue. The gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] in answer, cited
one directly in point. I stated then, that I was
not prepared to say that, as an original proposi-
tion, it would not be right to grant the request of
these parties. But, sir, I am disposed to attach
great importance to the precedents of the earlier
Congresses, I think they are entitled to greater
weight ihan those of the more recent Congresses.
Although the men composing them may not have
been more competent to judge of the propriety of
parliamentary proceedings, yet, without dispar-
aging the later legislative bodies, I think those
earlier Congresses were more careful in coming
to proper conclusions than (I regret to say) the de-
liberative bodies of our country at tho present day
seem to be. I say I attach much importance to
tho earlier precedents; and if this privilege was
granted to a sitting member in the second Con-
gress, who -was a native American, who spoke
our language, and could make himself understood,
there is more manifest propriety in conceding
this privilege to this Delegate, who is incapable
of making himself understood in the language
which we speak.
Mr. CARLILE. I understood the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] in submitting
his motion to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution was rejected, to confine his remarks in
favor of reconsideration to the propriety of allow-
ing the parties in this contested election the right
to appear by counsel, and it is to that point to
which I reply. I have no objection whatever
to allowing the contestant, as well as the sitting
delegate, to appear in person before the House
and present his claim. The argument of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, as I understood it, was
tending to show the necessity of allowing the
parties to appear by counsel. To that also I wish
to reply.
I confess, that although this may appear to
some gentlemen to be a matter of very light im-
portance, to me it presents questions of very high
importance, if the proposition sought to be
revived by the gentleman from Georgia—which
this House has by a solemn vote of yeas and
nays rejected—is to be allowed, this House will
do what in my judgment they have not the con-
stitutional power to do. By what power do you
delegate to another the privilege conferred upon
you, and you alone, by the people you represent?
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. If the gentleman will
allow me, 1 desire to ask him a question, by way
of testing the soundness of his argument; I de-
sire to know by what authority you allow a con-
testant to appear upon the floor of the House, to
be heard before the House?
Mr. CARLILE. That presents a very differ-
ent case. In the case to which he refers, there are
two persons—each claiming to be the representa-
tive of the people; eacn claiming, as a right, the
privilege which you propose to confer upon a
lawyer who makes no pretense to the right to a
seat upon this floor. It is to enable me to determ-
ine between tho two; as to which is entitled to
represent the people of New Mexico, that I would
admit them upon the floor to be heard before the
House.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman from Virginia
will allow me one word more: I understood him
to make the coustitutional argument, that we
could not give to any person the right to speak in
this House unless he was a member of the Hj,ouse.
That was the constitutional argument of the gen-
tleman. Now, there cannot be two members here
at the same time, or from the same district or
Territory. If the gentleman allows both the
sitting member and the contestant to be heard
before the House, he overrides his constitutional
argument, and allows some one to be heard who
is not a member of the House.
Mr. CARLILE. I will reply to the gentleman
from Georgia. I confess that I do not see the
force of the point he makes upon the proposition
which I submitted. The force of the point would
exist if the question were an adjudicated one—if
it had been settled as to who was the Delegate
from New Mexico, properly elected. But the
question at issue is to determine which of the
two is entitled to the seat; and to ascertain that
fact, it may be proper that both should be heard.
But that proposition is a very different one from
that of admitting to be heard a man who makes
no pretensions to any right here as the represent-
ative of the people of New Mexico.
Mr. COBB. I dislike to interrupt the gentle-
man from Virginia, but I wish to understand the
full force of his argument. The position of the
gentleman is, that the House has not tho power
to authorize any person to be heard before J t un-
less he be a member of the House. Now, if that
be the gentleman's position, he cannot evade the
difficulty in his own mind by saying that the
House has not yet determined which is the mem-
ber. The only course the gentleman could con-
sistently take would be to exclude both of them;
for neither of them is entitled to a seat in the
House until the contest is decided. There is
where the argument of the gentleman carries
him. The point is, that the Constitution allows
no one but a member to be heard; and until it is
determined which of the two is entitled to the
seat, you are bound to exclude them both. Thait
is the effect of the gentleman's argument.,'
Mr. CARLILE. Why, sir, the very neces-
sity which arises in the organization of every
deliberative body, makes it incumbent to admit
the person who is prima facie entitled to his seat,
until an investigation can be had. It is as much
a part and parcel of the duty of every legislative
body to examine and decide the rights of contest-
ing members, as it is to transact any other part
of the public business. Two gentlemen present
themselves, each claiming the right to represent
the people of New Mexico. To determine which
is entitled, it may be proper -to hear both the
claimants, while it would be improper to confer
upon another, not claiming to be a representative,
not interested as such, or responsible as such, the
privileges that by the Constitution belong alone
to the Representatives of the people. Each of
these gentlemen claiming the right to represent
the people of New Mexico, is responsible to his
people at home. A lawyer who would appear
for them owes no such responsibility. His re-
sponsibility is to his client alone, who engages
him as his advocate to influence this body, and
obtain for him a seat upon this floor.
A Member. Are you not a lawyer?
Mr. CARLILE. I am; but in the eye of the
law—whether correct or not—I am, in this case,
a judee and a statesman. The argument in favor
of thF passive of the resolution is predicated on
the ground that the Congress of the United States
will rrot perform its duty; that its members will
not investigate cases on which they are called
to act under all tho solemnities of an oath; that
they will not look into one of the most important
subjects presented to their consideration—the
I proper organisation of this body. We were told
that members would throw under the table printed
arguments laid on their desks for their consider-
ation; that they would not discharge the duties
devolved on them. Is there a member here who
believes, if we allowed counsel to appear in this
case, and consume liour after hour of the public
time, at great expense to the public Treasury,
and to the delay of the public business, that there
would be a speech less on the subject by mem-
bers of this body ? Will the committee contend
that the discussion between members should bo
shortened for the purpose of hearing hired coun-
sel ? Where is the authority to take from the
Treasury the money to be expended in listening
to men who have no pretensions to a scat on this
floor ? Can we delegate powers which we have
been sent here to exercise ourselves?
Mr. MILLSON. I understand my colleague
to be advancing a constitutional objection, and
declaring that we have not the constitutional
power to allow this counsel to be heard on this
floor. I will suggest to my colleague that counsel
are always heard at tho bar of the House—not
on the floor. I would ask him, by what authority
. Delegates from the Territories, who are not mem-
j bers of the House, speak even on the floor of the
j House?
i Mr. CARLILE. I imagine that it is not seri-
ously contemplated by my colleague that I should
now consume the time of the House in endeavor-
ing to make an argument to show by what con-
stitutional authority Delegates have seats on this
floor. I will confine myself to the subject imme-
diately before the House. The resolution pro-
i posed for our adoption is, that counsel selected
by the sitting Delegate shall appear before this
House, and do that which the people of New
Mexico expected, when they sent him here to
represent them, he would So himself. If wb
allow him counsel now, and he is declared by the
House entitled to his seat, must we not, following
the precedent which wo ourselves set, allow him
counsel because of his inability to speak our lan-
I guage, when there are matters intimately con-
nected with the interests of the people of New
'< Mexico to be brought to the attention of this
i House ? If it be right and proper now that the
! interests of the Delegate shall be guarded—that
he shall be heard by counsel—is there not-4 a
stronger and more powerful reason why the
And if this precedent be established, where is it
i to end?
