2056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 12,
the enemy pay our citizens for damages done to
us, especially in the time of peace.
Mr. HUNTER. I referred to the report of
Mr. Whittlesey for the purpose of showing that
the practice of the Government has been as I
stated it to be. This was either war, or not war.
If it was \yar, on this practice of the Government,
we are not bound to compensate for the injuries
committed by the Indians at that time. If it was
not war, they can only claim under the principles
of the Indian intercourse act, and I say that act
does not cover this case. I did not go into that
question, because I did not wish to occupy time,
and delay the Senate. The friends of the meas-
ure, however, have spoken upon it. The inter-
< course act applies only to the Indians in the Ter-
ritories of the United States, where they are under
the control of the Government of the United
States. Here they were not under the control of
the Government of the United States.
Mr. CLAY. "Will my friend answer me this
question: why did Congress pledge itself, in the
language of the act, to pay, provided the claim
should be brought within the spirit of the Indian
intercourse act ? Why make that promise ? It
must either have deliberately designed to defraud
the people of Alabama and Georgia, or it must
have stultified itself, or else it designed in good
faith to pay them if they could be brought within
the spirit of the intercourse acts.
Mr. HUNTER. That is another point brought
into this case. I have not commented on that
act, nor have I time now to do so; but it does not
follow that because Congress appoints a commis-
sion to examine cases, it ;s therefore bound to
pay them. Congress may wish to get all the in-
formation, reserving an opinion on the obligation
in which the Government may be placed, until
that information is furnished. But, as I said be-
fore, I do not wish to delay the vote; I am will-
ing, as far as I am concerned, that the question
shall be taken on the speeches of the friends of
the measure.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended;
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
Mr. HA.LE. I desire to vote understandingly.
As the friends of the bill have told us that it
comes within the intercourse law, I should like
to know why, if so, it has not been referred to
the Court of Claims ?
Mr. TOOMBS. It does not come within the
letter of the intercourse law, which applies only
to Territories, and not to States; but I say it is
precisely within the spirit of that law. Of course
the claims would have gone to the court, if they
were within the terms of the law.
Mr. CLAY. It comes within the spirit, and
not the letter, and hence it is an equitable, and
not a legal claim.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the tlurd time. On its
passage,
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 21, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bell of Tennessee,
Biggs, Brown, Clay, Fltzpatnek, Foot, Geyer, Harlan,
Houston, Iverson, Jones of Iowa, Matlory, Pcarce, Keid,
Sebastian, Seward, Toombs, Wcller, and Ynlee—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell of New Hampshire, Ben-
jamin, Cass, Dodge, Dmkee, Fessenden, Fish, Foster,
Bale, Hunter, Mason, Pratt, Slidell, Stuart, Thompson of
Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Trumbull, Wade,
and WD^on—20. '
So the bill was passed.
Mr. IVERSON. The title of the bill ought to
be amended by striking out the words, "exam-
ination and settlement," and inserting "pay-
ment," as the claims have already been settled
and liquidated.
The amendment was agreed to; and the title,
as amended, is " A bill to provide for the pay-
ment of certain claims of citizens of Georgia
and Alabama on account of losses sustained by
depredations of the Creek Indians."
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
. A.?68®8®12 frora the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
iriouse had passed a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Guetavus B. Horner, deceased;
A joint resolution for extending the time to
creditors of Texas to present their claims; and
A joint resolution giving increased compensa-
tion to all laborers in the employment of the
executive and legislative departments of the Gov-
ernment, in the city of Washington.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WELLER. I move now to take up the
bill (S. No. 186) to authorize and facilitate the
construction of a railroad and magnetic telegraph
through the Territories of the United States from
the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. HUNTER. On that motion I must call
for the yeas and nays. I wish to get up the naval
appropriation bill. I think we ought to go on
with that.
Mr. WELLER. That bill will pass any how;
there is no danger of thatv
The yeas and nays were* ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Believing that there is no
time to perfect this bill I shall vote against taking
it up.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bell ofTennessee, Bigler,
Cass, Clay, Dodge, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Geyer,
Harlan, Tverson, James, Jones of Ioiya, Jones of Tennes-
see, Sebastian, Seward, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, Weller,
and Wiigiit—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell of New Hampshire, Biggs,
Blight, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, CoIlam?r, Douglas, Hale,
Houston, Hunter, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Pratt, Reid,
Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and Y ulee—21.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the bill lie on
the table, and on that motion I ask for the yeas
and nays. I make the' motion as a test question.
If there be a majority against laying it on the
table we can go on with it; but if there be a ma-
jority for laying it oil the table we get rid of it.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from Virginia
of course has a right to make a motion to lay the
bill on tljp table. I do not wish to keep it before
the Senate if there is a majority against it; and,
therefore, if I can have a test vote on the motion
to lay it on the table, I shall effect the object I
desire. There is no sort of propriety in contin-
uing the discussion of a bill before the-Senate if
it cannot pass. If this is a test vote, 1 desire it
to be so understood.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell of New Hampshire, Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Bright, Biodliead, Brown, Biltler, Clay, Doug-
las, Fessenden, Fitzpatriek, Hale, Houston. Hunter, Iver-
son, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Rcid, Slidell, Thompson of
Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and Yulee 
25.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bell ofTennessee. Big-
ler, Cass, Dodge, Durkee, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Har-
lan, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Pratt,
Sebastian, Seward, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, Weller, and
Wright—23.
So the bill was ordered to lie on the table.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 189) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
of .Tune, 1857.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
have no amendments to propose; indeed, they
desire, if it can be done, to pass the bill as it stands.
There is a necessity for its immediate passage.
The appropriation for the pay of the Navy is ex-
hausted, and a ship has just returned, and there
is no money to pay the officers and men. I think
it would bo better to have this bill go through as
it is, and let the Committee on Naval Affairs
append their amendments to another bill, which
I understand is to come up. It will be, however,
for the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs to say which course he prefers.
Air. MALLORY. I offer the first amendment
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, to come in
before the appropriation for contingent expenses:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby,
authonzed and msfiueted to purchase from Benjamin F.
Saj]d.< tliu right to u^e his metallic specimen tube in vessels
of the Nri\ i ovemie soi vice, and coast survey : Provided
1 he cost thereof shall not exceed the sum of $1,500.
Mr. H UNTER. X should like to hear some
explanation of this.
Mr. MALLORY. There is a specimen tube
or apparatus for ordinary navigation soundings
which is being used by the Navy, by the coast
survey, and by the revenue vessels of the Gov-
ernment. The Committee on Naval Affairs, to
whom application was made by various boards
of trade and underwriters throughout the United
States, have applied to the Departments of the
Government, and received in response from the
coast survey, that this apparatus which they
are using is worth $800 to the national vessels
engaged in the coast survey, and for one year,
to the vessels of the Navy, a hundred dollars.
The Committee on Naval Affairs have estimated
the value of this invention for fourteen years,
and propose to give an aggregate sum of $1,500
for the whole, allowing nothing to the inventor
for the use of his apparatus for ordinary naviga-
tion and commercial purposes, but confining it
strictly to the vessels of the Government, pay-
ing no more than the Government officers say it
is worth to them, authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy to buy the use of it perpetually for that
sum of money.
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand this amend-
ment, it is a scheme to ingraft on ah appropria-
tion bill a proposition to reward an inventor.
This is not the only inventor, I believe, whose
application is before the Naval Committee. I
submit to the chairman of the committee whether
it is not best to reserve these cases for separate
and private bills, instead of attaching them to the
appropriation bills. If this goes on, probably
others will go on.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senate cannot regard
this as the reward of a private inventor, but the
proposition is to purchase for the United States
the right to use an apparatus which now belongs
to the' inventor alone. The Government is using
it now, and the Department says it is worth so
much to them, and that is the sum which the
Naval Committee have fixed.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it patented ?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRATT. If I understand the matter, the
United States are now using this invention, and
are paying so much per year for the use of it.
The Naval Committee propose to pay for the whole
fourteen years, during which the patent will
exist, the amount which the Government would
pay during that period if they paid annually as
theyare now doing. It is manifest, that, looking
to it simply as a question of patent right, the
United States have the right to use the patent by
paying the patentee. They are now paying that
patentee §100 a year. The committee propose
for the whole term of his patent, fourteen years,
to pay him $1,500. It seems to me, that on the
score of economy the present plan is preferable.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend from Maryland
is mistaken in the facts. The Government is
paying nothing for the use of the instrument. It
has never given the inventor anything. The of-
ficers of the Government say the use of the instru-
ment is worth to them so much money.
Mr. STUART. I should like to understand
from the chairman, if the Government of the
United States has a right to use this invention
without paying for it, or is it now using it with-
out paying for it ?
Mr. MALLORY. The Government is using
itsnow.
Mr. STUART. Without paying for it?
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly; the Government
has never paid the inventor a dollar. He has
made some of these tubes for the Government,
and they have been of great service. They have
been tried in the coast survey, as an experiment,
and found very useful. The estimate of the value
of them to the coast survey alone is $800. They
have been tried irt the vessels of the revenue ser-
vice, and found very useful, though we do not
include their value there in this amount. They
have been tried in the Navy, and the bureau of
hydrography estimates the value of them there
at $100 a year. They have not yet come into
general use, because the inventor has made very
few, but it is intended to use them, and the value
is estimated. The Government has never yet
paid a dollar to the inventor.
Mr. STUART. It seems to me that this mat-
ter is in too crude a shape to call on Congress to
pay a gross sum for the use of it. As I first
understood the proposition, it was to pay a pat-
entee a sum for the use of a patented invention,
which the Government was prepared to use to its
fullest extent.
Mr. MALLORY. That is it.
