4M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
deteftnined to be held on the 9th instant, for a delegate to
Congress, notwithstanding that the 1st of the month was
the day legally prescribed for that purpose. At such a pre-
tended election, held not only without color of law, but in
open violation of law, you came forward aa a candidate,
and I suppose some weak-minded and evil-disposed persons
may Uave voted for you. How many, I am not concerned
to know, for no numbers could impart validity to a pro-'
ceeding so lawless and disorganizing. And it is with a list
of votes thus obtained^ taken and certified to by judges
bound by no oaths, and Recognizing no law for their govern-
ment, votes given by persons of no defined qualifications,
and restrained by none of the penalties which attach to
illegal of fraudulent voting, -that you will apply to the House
of Representatives to vacate my seat, in order to make
rcfomforyou. For carrying out so monstrous a purpose,
you calculate largely upon the political complexion of that
body, (a portion of which is known to be infected with the
most loathsome heresies of the times.)
I confidently predict that you are again reckoning with-
out your host, and believe that the House of Representa-
tives will regard the mere supposition that it could lend
itself to so revolutionary and high-handed a proceeding, as
alibel upon its character, promptly to be resented. You may
gucceed m engendering ill-feeling in the halls of Congiess,
and in gaining for yourself a sort of notoriety which, how-
ever unenviable, you seem to prefer to the obscurity which
befits you; but other advantages you will not obtain. In
the mean time, you may enjoy the ignoble satisfaction of
having introduced and fomented an amount of discordant
feeling and insubordination to law in this Territory, which
it will require the labors of many better men to repress, and
ftt>m which your misguided dupes and followers have every
thing to fear. Eor I speak not the language of threat and
bravado, but of sober reason, when I say to you that the
people of this Territory are determined to have laws and to
enforce them, whatever may be the hazards or the sacri-
fices.
X submitted my name as a candidate, and received the
votes of the law-abidmgportion of the people, in conformity
to an enactment of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory. If there was anything in the constitution or conduct
of that body calculated to invalidate its acts, it will be tune
enough for me to refuse obedience when a court of com-
petent jurisdiction shall have so declared.
I abjure, as revolutionary, and destructive of all social
order, the individual to set up his private judgment in oppo-
sition to constituted authority.
As an American citizen, I hold it to be my duty to yield
obedience to the laws under which I live, and to conti lbute
my aid towards enforcing the obedience of others; and
this without reference to my individual opinion respecting
their moral force or political expediency, ft is precisely
because you are swayed by opposite sentiments that you
now seek to embroil me in a harassing controversy.
In conclusion, I will only further say, that this buef
exposition is not given as due to you, but to the end that
tho attention of the American people, and of that House of
Representatives to whieh you intend to appeal, may be
directed to the true nature and grounds of the strife you
seek to provoke. And though I shall pay no legard to your
preliminary movements, you will yet find that I shrink
from no investigation, however searching. If the House
of Representatives shall so far foiget its self-respect and its
regard for patriotic (lu.y, as to older a scrutiny upon such
showing as you will lie able to make, you will find me
prompt in the defense of my own rights, and those of uiy
constituents. J. W. WHITFIELD.
General Whitfield is duly certified as having
•been elected in pursuance of the territorial law on
the 1st day of October, 1855. It is alleged, how-
ever, in the notice served on him by Oie memo-
orialist, that the law under which he was elected
is invalid. The Legislature passed the law; that
is not questioned; the Governor then in office
(Shannon) signed it. Why, then, was it invalid
and void ? Wc come now to the real point in the
case. If the House can determine the question,
it can do so, it seems to me, to-day as "well as at
any other time.
Mr. DUNN. Allow me to ask a question.
Docs the gentleman insist that this House has no
right to inquire into the validity of the law?
IVlr. STKPHENS. I made no such assertion.
Mr. DUNN. Then I misunderstood the gen-
tleman ?
Mr. STEPHENS. Mr. Speaker, aa I was
saying when interrupted, this memorialist passed
upon the_ election returns of the very men who
passed this very law which he now says has no
validity, and calls upon us to send for persons
and papers to prove the invalidity of what lie, m
his official gubernatorial capacity, gave validity
to; that is, the proper and legal organization of
the Legislature. Gentlemen say that it is argued
we cannot inquire into the validity of the law. I
do not say that we cannot so inquire in a proper
case; but this is not such a case in my opinion.
Governor Reeder, in this case, it seems to me,
is estopped from questioning the validity of the
law, so far as it concerns tho legality of the
Legislature. He says he does so in behalf of
the people of Kansas. There is nobody else here
from Kansas asking us to take any notice of the
matter. We have no memorialist bat Governor
.Reeder himself. 1 want the House to maik this
fact. I hold, then, that Governor Reeder, out of
his own mouth, by ina own official act, is entopped
from denying the validity of the law, upon the
ground that the Legislature was an illegal body
of men, unauthorized to pass laws for the Ter-
ritory.
This question, Mr. Speaker, I repeat, can be de-
cided as well to-day as after witnesses shall have
been brought from Kansas. Why? Because
the whole ground of objection of Governor Reeder
and others, as I understand the case, against
the validity of the law under which the present
Delegate was elected, is, that the Legislature,
whicn was duly recognized by Governor Reeder,
and convened by him at Pawnee City, when con-
vened at that place, adjourned their sessions to
Shawnee Mission. There is no other point made;
and when we are called on to send for persons and
papers, we ought to know from the Committee
of Elections why it is proposed that they shall
be sent for. Governor Reeder can contest the
election on no other ground than the one I have
stated. It was a regularly clected Legislature,
and recognized as such by him, so long as its
sessions- were held in Pawnee City. He holds
that they had no power to adjourn to Shawnee
Mission. Thatis the whole question; the Legis-
lature is empowered to pass laws for the Terri-
tory at Pawnee City; but it loses legislative power
when it sits at Shawnee Mission. The Governor
sanctioned everything done at Pawnee City—at
least he did not dispute their rightful power in
anything done there; but he disputes the power
of the Legislature when it adjourned to meet at
anotherplace. This is the question to be settled;
and it may be as well settled now as at any other
time. I say here, without wishing to prejudge this
case, that I am as well prepared to-day to decide
on that naked question, unless some gentleman
will give me a now view of it—and I am open to
conviction—as T shall ever be at any other time.
I am clearly of the opinion, as at present advised,
that the adjournment of the Legislature from one
place to another did not deprive them of their
capacity to pass laws; that they were as capable
at Shawnee Mission as at Pawnee City to pass
laws to regulate the election of Delegate to Con-
gress. If gentlemen hold different views, I should
be glad to hear them.
When Governor Reeder vetoed the act for the
removal of the Legislature, the bill was again
passed, not only by the requisite majority to make
it a valid law, but the question was submitted to
the courts of the Territory. I have before me
the opinion of the supreme court of the Territory
in regard to the legality of the session of the
Legislature held at Shawnee Mission. I will
not consume the time of the House by reading
it; but I call especial attention to the clearness
and force with which the case is handled.
OPTNION OF THE SUPREME COURT IN REGARD
TO THE LEGALITY OF TIIE PJRESENT SESSION.
To the Honorable the Council and
llouse of Rcj/reseiUatioes of the Territory of Kansas:
Y our communication, through the medium of the Attorney
of the United States for the Territory, was handed to the
Supieme Coiut at Us session on the 30th ultimo, and being
taken into coiiMderation, it was determined by a nidjoiity
of the court to reply to so much thereof a? piesents the
question of your authority to enact the bill, " providing for
the teinporaiy session of this Assembly at the Shawnee
Manual Labor School ;"and the further one, "whether the
adjournment of tins Assembly to this place m pursuance of
such act was legal?" m other woids, the vital inquiry,
whether you aie a constitutional Legislative Assembly.
As to so much of your communication as is embraced in
the succeeding clause, to wit: " whetliei it is competent for
this Assembly, it its present session be legal, to confer on
the piobatc couits jurisdiction civil and criminal, concur-
rent with the district com ts ?" they detei mined that, as it
presents a question touching the legality of a specific act of
legislation, they would leave the solution of that, should it
arise, to the oidmaiy course of judicial investigation.
In making the distinction, they have been coutrolled by
the peeuiiar'characterietics of the lii t inquiry. Looking,
as it does, to the constitutional existenceof the Legislative
Assembly, upon which rests mteiests of the most vital cliar-
tacter and of imiveisal application to the well-being of our
people, it has seemed to a majority of the members of the
coui t that they should fail m the accomplishment of a lead-
ing purpose in their creation, if, suffering themselves to be
restrained by too nice considerations of technical delicacy,
they should refrain fiom a duectiespouse to your interrog-
atory.
in reaching this determination, they have been influenced
in no small degiee by their high appreciation of the constit-
uent elements of your honorable bodies. Satisfied thor-
oughly that in the great requisites of intelligence and public
virtue, the Legislative Assembly of Kansas will compare
favorably with similar bodies in the States of the Union,
and fully persuaded that in propounding the inquiries, you
have been influenced by an earnest desire to shape your
legislation in strict conformity to the obligations of conti oi-
ling law, the consideration of the preliminary question,
whether a response should be made by us, was approached
with a natural anxiety to find it consistent with a sense of
official duty to do so. It is but justice to ourselves to add
that this motive was powerfully offset by an habitual ie-
luctance to interpose, even upon solicitation, in any matter
wherein it was known that coordinate branches of the terri-
torial government entertained conflicting opinions. Imme-
diately upon entering upon the inquiry, the immense mag-
nitude of the interests involved arretted our thoughts, and
forbade, in the most emphatic tones, a resort to the ordi-
nary justification for silence, that the case presented was
" coram nonjudice
If may he true that this is technically the fact; but we
could not conceive ourselves justified m reposing upon this
defense,when, mean time, thatgieatest of all evils, anarchy,
might exist rampant upon our soil, fed and encouiagcd by
the reckless and unpnncipled, who might even invoke our
very silence as an argument in maintenance of their de-
structive sentiments and beside this, perhaps, diavv hence
inferences fatal to our independence, and consequently sub-
versive of that confidence which we are most solicitous to
maintain.
You will do us the justice to be assured that this appre-
hension has not its ongm in a selfishness which regards our
own reputation merely for its own sake, but in a deep
anxiety for the public interests which we feel to be largely
dependent upon the estimate as well of the independence as
of the uprightness and ability of those to whom are assigned
the interpretation and administration of the laws.
Wc have felt the less hesitation m examining and re-
sponding to your questions, because there is much reason to
doubt whether, under any circumstances, the difficulties
involved in them might be presented to us judicially for so-
lution. These reasons for doubt arc supposed to bo found
in the views of the Supreme Couit of the United States, as
expressed in 5th Howard's Reports, page 343, m the case
of Scott et al. vs. Jones, m which the constitutional exist-
ence of the territorial Legislature of Michigan was pro-
posed to be brought into review.
Without attempting an elaborate examination of the
points of that case, it is sufficient for our present purpose
to say that the whole tenor of the argument of that high
tribunal is to demonstrate that the subject-matter of legisla-
tive bodies, and not the competency of theii oiganiz-ation,
forms the true and only topic of judicial revision Should
such an exigency arise as an unwarrantable attempt at legis-
lation by any body wanting the neces&aiy elements, say
they, if not situated within the tcmtoiv of the Union," it
"would he a foreign affair, and not within the cognizance
of the dopaitments of this Government, unless so interfer-
ing with its lights as to call for the political exercise of the
executive Oj* legislative authority over our foreign rela-
tions. " Again: " such conduct by bodies situated within our
limits, unless by States duly admitted into the Union, would
have to bo reaehed cither by the power of the Union to put
down msuriection. or by the ordinary penal laws of fhe
States or Teintories within which these bodies unlaw-
fully organized arc situated and acting,"—language mani-
festly rcfomng to the assumption ol' legislative power by
self-constituted and rebellious oigamzations.
Again: they speak in terms which admit of no question of
their undei stand mg4>f the relations of these departments of
Government, when they say,k{ the judicial tribunals of the
General Government which acquiesce m the political organ-
ization that has been professing to pass statutes," &c.
After rcmaikmg in addition as to their recognition of such
bodies as duly oiganized, and conceding their existence,
thei efore, as a State, and that their statutes must be ti eated
as the statutes of any other State, within the meaning of
the act of 1789, known as the judiciary act, they add : "And,
if so, we must inquire only into the validity of their subject-
matter, and not, as to the new, any more than the old
States, ever suppose the question of their political compe-
tency or power to pass statutes at all, was an inquiry in-
tended to be placed under our consideration and decision,"
byithe act above mentioned.
Wc could not but regard an attempt to evade the force of
these views by the suggestion that they were expressed par-
ticularly with reference to State organizations, and, there-
fore, not applicable to the position of a territorial Legisla-
ture, as more resembling a quibble than an argument,
unless, indeed, contiary to our full conviction, some differ-
ence in pnnciplc between the several organizations, appli-
cable to the point in contioversy, could be phown.
It would not only so partake of the appealarice of a quib-
ble, but, what is of more force, it would falsify the facts of
the caee, since the very question presented arose upon the
legislation of a Territory, and would inevitably have drawn
fiom the august body which pronounced the decision such
distinction, if, m their judgment, such distinction existed.
Having referred to this decision, in maintenance of the
propiiety of responding m this unofficial manner to your in-
quiries, we will add, before dismissing it, that it is no less
forcible to sustain the proposition that >ou aie yourselves
the judges, without appeal or revision, of whatever maybe
embiacedm the manner and form of your organization, and
that neither an objection to your place of session, nor of any
other matter not embraced within the subject-matter of the
opeiative provisions of your legislation, can be called in
question elsewhere.
We will but add to these reasons—satisfactory to our-
selves. and, we trust, to you—that we are gratified to find
ourselves sustained, m a position altogether novel, in the
course we have adopted, by precedent, to which, so far as
we know, no objection has arisen ; a prcccdcnt, too, which
goes much f'urthei than we have detei mined to go. A res-
olution of the Legislature of Minnesota Temtory, pro-
pounding questions to the judges of the Supreme Court of
that Teinlory, was fully replied to by the judges See pio-
ceedmgs of the first session of the Minnesota Legislature.
Having determined to reply to the extent indicated, the
nature of that reply next comes to be considered.
Upon this we have had no difficulty. Wc have not been
able to discover any substantial objection to the constitu-
tionality of the course of the Legislative Assembly. We
could not see, in the change of the place of voiirsesjsion out
of meie caprice, much that would by objectionable to good
taste and to that spirit of deference to regulauty and oider
which the people have a light, a  well ao an mburn dispu&i-
