1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1183
to make political capital upon; and I am surprised
that any effort of that sort should be made upon
either side of the House. Whether any gentle-
man desires to make political capital out of it or
not, from the position assumed by members upon
this floor in relation to it, that interpretation will
be put upon their course by those who are inter-
ested in so interpreting it. So far as I am con-
cerned, I trust that my political preferences, or
prejudices, or biases, if I have any, will never
enter into my consideration when I am investi-
gating the personal rights of any man.
Mr. CADWALADER. With the gentleman's
permission, I would ask him whether the Com-
mittee of Elections, on whose behalf he lias re-
ported the resolution, place the matter on the mere
ground of personal courtesy to the sitting Dele-
gate, and attribute no force to considerations of
comity and propriety due to the inhabitants of a
country like New Mexico, recently acquired by
a treaty of annexation, who speak a foreign lan-
guage? The people of New "Mexico, almost to a
man, are unacquainted with our language, and
are ignorant of every other language ihcin that
spoken by the sitting Delegate from that Territory.
Now, with the indulgence of the gentleman who
seems to be willing to yield me the floor for a
moment for this purpose, I desire, in a few words,
to ask his attention to the ^reat importance of the
question which I suggest.
.There are two modes by which, under the Con-
stitution, we may hereafter acquire, as we have
hitherto acquired, conterminous foreign territory.
One is to acquire territorial dependencies under
the treaty-making power; the other is a direct
rocess of annexing States, with'their consent,
y act of Congress, under the power to jdmu
new States. Now, Mr. Speaker, we shall proba-
bly, before long, be called on more than once to
exercise one or the other, or both of these poweis;
and perhaps to exercise them frequently., for the
annexation of territory now foreign, whose in-
habitants use a language different from our own.
Mr. CARL1LE. If the gentleman wd] allow
me, I propose to ask him what foreign countries
those arc which he proposes that we shall annex?
Mr. CADWALADER. Between our southern
border—the southern lines of Texas, New Mex-
ico, and California—and New Granada, there are
thirty-one States, or provinces, or departments,
which, one by one, will, t believe, before long,
be asking for admission into our Union. When
the proper time fortius arrives, and when this
occurs^n the proper mode, T trust that we will
not shrink from investigating the policy of a
judicious enlargement of our territory m that,
or in any other direction. I believe that, by the
blessing of Providence, we will, before verylong,
be called on to exercise our constitutional jiowcis
somewhat extensively for this purpose m that
quarter. An imperative necessity will, I believe,
soon require it.
To return, then, to the point I had reached
when the gentleman a&ked the question which I
have answered with sufficient rfireerness, I beg
leave to say, that I trust we shall not be insensi-
ble to the fact, that the foreign language used by
the sitting Delegate from New Mexico is spoken
in every part of the country to which I now re-
fer, and. that our language is not used in any por-
tions of it except in those portions into which
British usurpation has, with insolent arrogance,
intruded in defiance of the laws of nations, and
retains a foothold in defiance of repeated remon-
strances and protests of our Government.
But it is not necessary to look thus to the
probable early future, in order to determine the
importance of the question. It is important as a
question of present justice to New Mexico—as a
present territorial dependency to which justice is
due. It is not as gentlemen, particularly the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Caulile.] have
erroneously discussed it, a question upon which
we are to exercise a legislative office. Our present
office is purely judicial. We are acting as judges
composing a court. The words of the clause of
the Constitution under which we act are, "Each
House shall be the jiulge of the elections/3 etc.,
" of its own members." If the sitting Delegate
were not, as he is, the representative of a people
who speak a foreign language, I do not perceive
how we could, as judges of a court, refuse our
assent to a recommendation of our own commit-
tee of what they say would, in their opinion, be
conducive to a fair and proper determination of
the case. But I prefer confining myself to the
special case before us, of a Territory whose
inhabitants speak a foreign language. The peo-
ple of such a Territory should not be compelled to
limit their selection of a Delegate to the class of
persons who speak both our language and their
own. This might unjustly restrain .their choice
to a class of a limited number of persons newly
arrived among them, not as yet capable of rep-
resenting their wishes, or capable of comprehend-
ing their true interests. This would be oppres-
sive. They must, therefore, be left to themselves
to make their own choice at large.
Practically, they must, in most cases, choose
between two alternatives. They must send as
Delegates, either men who will be unable to speak
intelligibly in our language in this House, or
men who will be unable to communicate intelli-
gibly with their constituents at home in their
own language. In a matter like this we are not
competent to judge for the people of the Territory.
They have a right to decide for themselves be-
tween these alternatives; and comity and justice
require that we should respect their decision in a
matter which thus concerns themselves alone,
and that we should in these earlier days of their
annexation adopt every reasonable measure to
accommodate our course to this new condition of
their political existence. Any opposing view of
the subject would, I think, be unjust, if not op-
pressive and tyrannical.
Now the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Smitix,]
who so kindly yields mo this portion of his time,
will.allow me another moment of it for the pur-
pose of saying that, concurring heartily with him,
as I do, m his view of the personal right of a
gentleman situated us the sitting Delegate to ask
of us, acting as a couit upon ins case, to yield to
his lequest to be hoard at the bai of the House
by counscl able to speak our language, and able
to present intelligibly his claims to retain the scat,
so that,if he should lose it, he and those at home
who voted for him will never doubt that there
has been a full, judicial hearing of the case—con-
curring, I say, in these views, and believing,
moreover, that the course which he recommends
is necessary likewise on the higher and m*re
general ground of justice to this newly-acquired
Territory, to winch I have asked his attention,
I also beg leave to recur to his intimation that
members on both sides of the House have en-
deavored to make party capital—" a little party
capital," were his words—out of this discussion.
Mr. Speaker, I trust that we are, in feehng and
in opinion, a united country upon all questions
of territorial extension, when foreign aggres-
sions render such extension necessary for our
self-protection. I trust that the gentleman will
not attribute a reference to the probability of an
overruling national necessity for such extension,
or a discussion of the probable consequences or
incidents of such an extension, to"a desire to
manufacture mere party capital. I know that
the gentleman is too just, and too candid, to
attribute the reference to any such motive. And
I trust that he, and those with whom he acts,
will unite in the hope and prayer that our kind-
ness and justice to the inhabitants of New Mexico
may engender in the minds of the inhabitants of
the country lying southward of her border such
feelinss as, with or without annexation, will
tend to enable us, with their consent, to open an
j unobstructed routu for our people, by land, from
, Texas and from California to the American
! isthmus. When such a route shall have been
' opened, we shall no longer be interfered with .in
that quarter, as we now are, by a European na-
' non cle.hpuig the supremacy of the seas.
Mr. fcLVUTH. it can hardly be expected that
; I should reply to the question "of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, as it is rather interminable
. in us character; but 1 will say that the question
I might be more properly asked and answered in a
i discussion of the respective rights of those parties
: fo a seat on this floor. I do not look on theres-
i olution now before us as involving the rights of
i the parties to that seat, but £is a matter of mere
| personal courtesy, that the parties may appear
' here either in person or by counsel to advocate
their claims. I am sure that, so far as I am eon-
, ccrned, or as the committee are coneermd, we
! were actuated in offering this proposition as much
by a desire to carry out the wishes of the Dele-
gate's constituents as to secure his own personal
rights. Of course, if he is excluded- from the
House, his constituents are excluded. If he can- -
not speak, his constituents cannot speak. Then,
in giving him the right to speak by counsel-we
give the right as much to his constituents. His
constituents will be more intelligibly represented
if the resolution passes than they otherwise
would.
I will now answer another question which has
been put to me. I recognize the right of the peo-
ple of the Territory of New Mexico to send any
free white man here, whether he has got a tongue
in his head or not. I do not think thatitbecomes
us to inquire whether he has a tongue or not.
My Americanism dees not, and never will, go that
far.
Whether the sitting Delegate has ,been fairly
returned is another question. Though on that
question I may be opposed to him, yet I am in
favor of what he asks by this resolution. I do
not believe that his constituents can be -repre-
sented by him. In saying that, I cast no reflec-
tions on him or them. They had a right to send
him here, with his foreign language. If he is not
capable of representing his constituents, and asks
for counsel, then it is a duty which we owe to the
Territory to grant him that aid which will serve
to make his case appear fairly before us.
The gentleman from Virginia says that the
House of Representatives is to be the judge of
the elections, returns, and qualifications of its own
members. Then does not that fact carry with it
the idea of advocacy on one side or the other? If
the House is to be the judge, then there are to be
those who are to lay the matters before it. This
man cannot speak English; and he asks that his
counsel may appear befoie us for a single hour.
The gentlemen who have opposed the proposi-
tion have consumed more than two hours in dis-
cuf^'in^ it—more time than is demanded for the
Delegate's counscl.
♦When the question was up yesterday, great
stress was laid on the fact that there were no pre-
cedents. I stated then, what I repeat now, that
the House of Representatives ought not to pause
and look around for precedents for a mere per-
sonal courtesy involving an hour's debate. But
to-day gentlemen have presented precedents.
One was read by the gentleman from North Car-
olina; and another by the gentleman from Geor-
gia. The House has debated this question of
personal courtesy for two days, and wo have now
precedents presented where the courtesy was
extended heretofore.
Mr. CAHL1LE. With the consent of my
friend from Alabama, I will give him the latest
precedent upon this subject. It will be seen by
reference to page 128 of the Congressional Globe
for the last Congress, that Mr. Stanton offered a
resolution that this same Delegate, Jose Manuel
Gallegos, be allowed an interpreter. It was ob-
jected to. Further on in the Globe it will be^seen
that Air. Richardson offered a similar resolution,
which was likewise objected to.
Mr. SMITH. Thegentlemanis as unfortunate
iifbriugjug precedents as he has been m opposing
them. ^Mr/Stanton's proposition was to allow
the Delegate an interpreter at all times, to speak
and translate for linn, during the session of Con-
gress.
" Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman yield
for a motion to adjourn over?
Mr. SMITH. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that when theHouse
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The question was put; and on a division there
wcre—ayes 65, noes 36; no quorum.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again put, and there were—-
yeas nays as ioliows:
YZ1.\S—Allu'on, Ball, Eaibour, Barksdale, Ben-
sou. ijooork, Bovvie, Burhnf.a?ne, Lewis 1). Campbell,
C\i hiE?:iu C'riik, dawson, ilenry Winter Davis, .Dean,
Din lee. IViwauK Toi-iei, IlemvM. Fuller, Galloway, Hoff-
man, lioiiow.iy, TIjouun it. H.irion. Valentine B. Horton,
<>or«ie W. Jones. Kelly, Kmg, Knox, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Samuel S. Mar>frai!, Matteson, Maxwell, McCarty, itfe-
Mullm, Morrill, Anuiew Oliver. Pennington, ,Pringle,
Heady, KkuuJ, Ritchie, Roberts, Ituftin, Samuel A. Simtn,
William it. fchnth, Snecd, Stewart, Swope, Tappan, Tay-
lor, Triple, Vaik, Wdldron, Israel Washburn, Woodruff,
Wooclwoitii, Daniel B. Wjight, and ZoJiicefrer—58.
