1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20.57
Mr. STUART. The statement made by the
chairman, in response to my inquiry, does not
bear out that proposition. We are now told that
there are but few of these articles made, and the
Government is only in a partial use of them,
and to how great an extent they may be used
depends upon future action. 1 think we had
better wait until the proper officers determine to
what extent they will use them. Then, 1 agree
with the Senator from Maryland that, on the
score of economy, it is much better to pay annu-
ally than to pay a sum in gross. In the first
place, although it is not a large item, there is
interest on the money; and then there is a hazard
that, in the courts of justice, the patent may be
set aside. The article may be declared not to be
a patentable matter in the hands of this man.
Ail patents are subject to investigation in the
judicial tribunals. I think that, at this time, we
should not agree to this proposition.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Mich-
igan knows that the Government has from time
to time paid various sums for numerous patents—
for theape of the percussion cap for example.
That wis a perfected patent. This is a perfected
patent, and the Government is now using it and
has never paid for it. This is only to pay what
the Government officers have said it is worth to
them—precisely as has been done in similar cases
heretofore. I will not delay the Senate by dis-
cussing it.
The question being taken, it appeared, on a
division, that there was not a quorum voting.
Mr. BROWN and others called for thef^eas
and nays.
Mr. MALLORY. Rather than detain the Sfh-
ate by having the yeas and nays, I withdraw the
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cannot
be done without the consent of the Senate. The
Chair hears no objection, and the amendment will
be considered as withdrawn.
Mr. MALLORY. I have another amendment.
Mr. BIGGS. Has it been ascertained by the
Chair that a quorum is not present ? If there is
not a quorum of the Senate here, I shall object
to the transaction of business. It is a bad pre-
cedent to legislate without a quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call for
the yeas and nays was withdrawn.
Mr. HALE. There was not a quorum on the
division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
doubt a quorum present.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment of the
committee is to insert, after the appropriation for
contingent expenses of the Navy:
Tliat the eomminander and officers of the late surveying
and exploring'expedition to the China seas and Behrmg's
sttaits, and the commander and officers of the late survey-
ing and exploring expedition to the La Plata and its trib-
utaries, shall each receive the same pay annually, while
employed on said service, that was received by the com-
mander and officers of the exploring expedition under Com-
mander Wilkes while performing similar duty; and the
wairant and petty officers and seamen, the same pay as was
allowed to the warrant and petty officers and seamen of
the Arctic expedition, by the act of the 31st of August,
1852.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Senator from Flor-
ida if this is the usual allowance?
Mr. MALLORY. Precisely. Theamendment
is in accordance with the terms of previous amend-
ments to naval appropriation bills in regard to the
expedition under Commander Wilkes, and the
Arctic expedition under Lieutenant De Haven. I
will say, in explanation, that the Behring's straits
expedition visited many of the most important
whaling grounds, and made very important addi-
tions to our geographical knowledge of the Arctic
seas, and many highly valuable charts. The ex-
pedition to La Plata and its tributaries consisted
of one vessel, which was employed there for some
four or five years, and has very materially added
to our commercial intercourse with the countries
in that region. The committee thought it proper
also, on the petitions of the parties concerned, to
allow the usual allowance to the expeditions re-
cently in search of Sir John Franklin, namely:
Dr. Kane's expedition, consisting of the Advance
and Rescue, and that under Lieutenant Hartsteine.
These are the last Arctic expeditions, I presume,
which the country will ever have. If the prece-
dent had not been set of compensating officers for
extraordinary services under such circumstances,
I should refuse to allow it; but I think it would
not be gracious to refuse this pittance now to men
who have rendered valuable services, and who
have returned to the United States, many of them
with broken constitutions, and others crippled
from exposure.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Is this only to give them
extra pay while they were actually employed on
the expedition, or is it to continue while they may
be preparing the results for publication?
Mr. MALLORY. The words are, " during
the time they were employed on said service."
Mr. BRODHEAD. Does that include the time
after their return, when they have been or may
be engaged in making reports ?
Mr. MALLORY. I should think not. I am
aware that a construction of that kind has been
heretofore given in one or two case's, but I have
endeavored so to frame the amendment as to
exclude it here.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should like to inquire
further of the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, whether these commanders, since their
return, have been preparing the results of their
expeditions, and whether we are to have another
book concern?
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania cannot understand me as saying any
such thing, for I have said nothing of the kind.
I must express the earnest hope that we shall not
have what he fears. I do not anticipate any such
thing.
Mr. HALE. It is a very ungracious office to
oppose an allowance of this sort, and I do it with
great reluctance; but I must vote against this
amendment, and I propose very briefly to state
my reasons. Some twenty-one years ago we
raised the pay of the various officers of our Navy
higher than the officers of the same grades were
paid in the world—higher than the French, Eng-
lish, or Russian navy. The Legislature at that
time was only worked up to that high standard
by one of the most stringent provisions which
could possibly be made, that the pay allowed by
that act should be in full of allowances and com-
pensation of every kind, excepting traveling fees
when on courts-martial. That is the law, but
it has been totally disregarded ever since it was
passed. It was immediately administered by the
Executive, so as to make enormous allowances
to naval officers in the face of that law, for houses
and furniture, which have been continued down
to the present day.
Another practice has grown up. The officer
becomes, from ill health, or from some other
reason, incompetent or unwilling to perform his
duty at sea, and he has some little comfortable
place provided for him at home, down here at the
navy-yard experimenting on gunnery, or at the
naval depot for charts, or residing at Cambridge
College, star-gazing and getting up a nautical
almanac; and as a compensation for not going to
sea, but staying at home in these comfortable
little houses on shore, they have come in and
asked for additional extravagant compensation,
which they have got stuck into some appropria-
tion bill, until now you cannot find out what a
man's pay is by looking at the Navy Register,
but you must look through all the Navy appro-
priation bills.
Then we got up a great pageant, and sent Com-
modore Perry to Japan, in consequence of which
he has got out abig picture-book—a better present
to children than Mother Goose's Melodies, I
admit—a splendid picture-book. For doing this,
Congress voted him $20,000, and one thousand
copies of the book. If Commodore Perry did
anything else but get up a picture-book, I am
uninformed of it.
So in the case of every expedition that goes
out. They get extra compensation, until finally
it has come to be part of the regular system. I
have always been opposed to the whole of it, in
the other House and here. I was opposed to
paying Mr. Dahlgreen extra compensation, and
I made some remarks against it eight or ten years
ago, but I could not get the ear of the Senate.
Agents outside could come in and whisper things
in gentlemen's ears, and they would not hear a
man on the floor. The result was, the appropri-
ation passed. So it has been going on—nautical
almanacs, gunnery, naval depots, and everything
else, with extra compensation continually. I liave
uniformly voted against all such propositions,
and I shall vote against this. I shall simply ask
for the yeas and nays upon it. *;
Mr. MALLORY. I am unwilling to allow the
remarks of the Senator from New Hampshire to
pass without notice, although I know he is a"
peculiar friend of the Navy, as he has announced
heretofore, and undoubtedly exhibits his friend-
ship on this occasion.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. I should be opposed to
giving extra pay to officers vender these circum-
stances on any other principle, but that their
pay, when it was fixed at the time to which the
Senator refers, was fixed on a definite basis with
leference to the duties they had to perform, the
responsibilities thrown upon them, and the ex- "*
penses to be incurred in the performance of those
duties. Now, if these parties can come before
Congress and show that, by being sent on a
special service, not particularly naval, they have
incurred very great additional expenses which
the country ought not to require them to bear out
of a limited salary, I do not see on what ground
this proposition can be opposed. That is the
position on which I stand in reference to it.
The Senator from New Hampshire is mistaken"
when he supposes that the officers of the Navy
are paid extravagantly. I doubt whether the
least extravagant man in his State could main-
tain an ordinary family on the pay of a lieuten-
ant in the Navy. I deny that the naval officers
of the United States are paid more than the offi-
cers of Russia, France, or England. The lower
grades are paid more, but there is no comparison
between the pay of the higher grade; and the
average pay of our service is much Jess than of
theirs.
But, in relation to the point before us—the
Behring's straits expedition. An answer has
been received from the Navy Department to a
resolution offered by the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Seward,] stating the results of that
expedition. It is a commercial matter. It was
found that the whaling interests of the United
States, were going to the sea of Okhotz, the
Japanese straits, Fox's bay, and the China seas.
It was seen that we had no charts of those seas;
that we relied altogether on English and Russian
charts, which our whaleman coming home re-
ported to be very imperfect. Congress thought
proper to send out these expeditions in 1852, and
$100,000 was appropriated. The expedition has
returned after a most industrious search, with a
greater amount of knowledge on these subjects
than any country has heretofore acquired.
Our charts have been confined to our own coasts.
We have always been, up to this moment, using >
French, English, and Russian charts. We owe
it to ourselves, we owe it to foreign countries, to
contribute our quota of charts to the navigation
of the ocean. We have never done so before.
In the prosecution Of these inquiries, this expedi-
tion has visited those seas. Its results have rec-
tified many important errors as to headlands,
capes, islands, and guano positions, and other
interesting positions for our whalemen. They
have pointed out new whaling grounds. They
have added more to the knowledge of the country
than other expeditions have done. In doing this
they have been subjected to extraordinary ex-
penses, and they came home in debt. The under
officers were called upon to do the duties of higher
grades, and were denominated in the higher grade.
Midshipmen were removed from the steerage into
the ward-room, but were still midshipmen. On
foreign stations, and wherever they went, they,
did the duties and extended the courtesies of offi-
cers of the ward-room on the limited pay of mid-
shipmen. These were not their only extraordi-
nary expenses. On this very expedition one
gentleman was absent from a ship to survey the
coast of Japan for five hundred miles at a town,
and on several occasions ran the risk of his life.
All of them came home in debt, in consequence
of the extraordinary expenses they had to sus-
tain. If this were an original idea, I should
perhaps be opposed to it, but we paid it in the
case of Captain Wilkes's expedition, which was
nothing in comparison with this in interest and
exposure.
In the exploration of La Plata and its tribu-
taries, one vessel was engaged under the com-
mand of Commander Page. He has rendered '
very important information to our knowledge of
