1856.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM
44f
84th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Biggs.
Senate.
oSiecrs thou li they may be, there is a higher eon- :
sidomtion ilian 10 provide lor tliom. If the public
< ood mjuiivs their retirement from the public
service, th. y nmst go; they ought to go without
complaint or murmur; anil if they do murmur,
our<iuiy to the public interest should, in spite of
appeals to our sympathy, or threats or indications
of popular clamor in this city or elsewhere, prop-
erly rebuke such unjustifiable discontent.
And these remarks I make, not in a spirit of
disparagement, but with the highest appreci-
ation of the gallant and valuable services of the
distinguished and chivalrous officers of our Navy
who have shed such luster upon our history, ana
elevated the character of our country.
Again, in the execution of a law like that of
the last session, in the very nature of things while
man continues the imperfect being he is, we may
expect some errors to have been committed. I
have not yet, I confess, however, been convinced
by entirely satisfactory proof that, according to
the spirit "of the law, there has been any great
error. There may be cases of which I have no
information, and it is probable there are; but I
feel satisfied they are few in number. But, sup- ;
pose it is conceded there are many cases, shall a I
system, a policy, or a law be condemned, if the j
execution of it Jails to be perfect ? |
The Secretary of the Navy writes to the Com- !
mittee of Naval Affaire on 48th January, 1856,
in relation to the retired officers, thus:
" i hare not listened with impatience or indifference to
tbeir appeals to the Department, to which they arr accus-
tomed to look for consideration and protection from wrong.
I think, hotverer, the committee, alter scrutiny, will con-
cur that the cases properly calling for action are by no
means numerous, if the judgment be controlled by a regard
for the public service and tile public good, instead of our
kindly sympathies."
It seems to be universally conceded that, for
twenty years past, well-grounded complaints had
been made as to the efficiency of the personnel of
the Navy. Some reform was loudly called for
by every successive Secretary of the Navy, from
Secretary Paulding, in 1838, to the present Sec-
retary, in 1854; and no unprejudiced man can
read the report of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs without admitting that a pressing public
necessity demanded some thorough reformation, t
which existing laws had failed to accomplish.
The, report of the committee discloses some :1
striking facts, showing the necessity of the reform
needed and intended by the act of the last Con-
gress. The chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs in the House of Representatives of the
last Congress [Mr. Bocock] stated:
" Here yon bare sixty-eight captains on the Navy Regis-
ter for 1854. i find early on the list the name of a captain
who entered the service in 1800, and has, consequenUy,
been in it fifty-three years and eight months. Now, tor how
much of that time do yeu suppose that gentleman has been
unemployed ? He has been thirty-five years and nine months
unemployed, but drawing h  pay from the Government.
He was made a captain in 1835, now thirty years agu. How
much sea service has be discharged since thenTwo yearn
and one month, for which he has received pay as captain
in ttte Navy for thirty years. Here is a gentlemab who en-
tered the service so long ago that he has been in it forty-
eight years and five months. Of that time he has been un-
employed twenty-four yean and one month. He was made
a captain in the year 1829, and since that time he has had I
four years and six months sea service. j
" Here is another gentleman who has been in the service 1
forty-four years and (me month. Of that time be has been !
unemployed twenty-two years. He was made a captain in !
1838, and since that time hehasdone noseaservice. Here ,
is another gentleman who has been in the service forty
years and three months. During that time he has been un-
employed twenty-five years and six months. Bewasmade 1
a captain in the year 1840, and how much time do yon sup- 1
pose he has been employed since then ? For the term of
ten months. One of these gentlemen reported himself at 1
the Department riot manyjrears ago, and was on known to
the Secretary. ' Oh,' said be, ' I have had nothing to do !
for a long time, and X have been down there at home amus- i
fng myself in farming.' He was engaged regularly in !
farming, but came up here annually, or semi-annually, or
quarterly, to receive his leave-of-absence pay. His pay was
$9,500 a year as captain. Here is anotherinan, who entered
the service so long ago that he has been in for forty-two
yean and six months. Since tiien he has been unemployed
twenty-one years and eleven months. He was made a
captain in 1844, and since that time he has done not one
particle of sea service. So much for the list of captains;
but this thing is n"ot confined to captains.
" I come down now to the commanders, and I find aman
who entered the service so long ago that lie has been in it
for forty-one years and five months. In all that time, of
forty one years and five months, that commander of the
na.vj did no sea service. His pay was 91,600 a year, as
commander on leave of absence.
" 1 could go on and cite a number of other instances of
this kind; but I think it unnecessary. The House must
see that some measure of reform is absolutely necessary.
Men not only stand there, cumbering the Navy Register,
and receiving pay for services which they never performed,
but, worse still, they stand in the way of other officers,
meritorious, energetic, ami enterprising, who feel a pride in
the service, and who would do honor to the country in any
position to which they might be called."
And what said the Committee on Naval Affairs?
" Apart from all other considerations, the present system
tends to chock the ardor, and to deaden the ambition of the
whole corps, by sustaining and perpetuating injustice. A
seaman's ability to play a seaman's part depends much, very
much, upon his sea service; and had we a naval contest to-
morrow, the common sense of the country would not tol-
erate the appointment of any man to active service who was
not/mntfior, and thoroughly familiar, with the handling of
ships and fleets under all circumstances. Yet we find, from
the returns before us, that out of sixty-eight captains forty-
two are waiting orders on shore, at a salary of $2,500 per
annum, (six of whom were severally last at sea in 1816,
>28, '31, '34, '38, and '39,) making an aggregate of $105,000.
" Of ninety-eight commanders, (seven of whom were last
respectively at sea in 1815, "39, >29, '33,'34, '36, and '38,)
there arc wailing orders forty-two, at $1,800 per annum—an
aggregate of $76,000.
" Of three hundred and twenty-six lieutenants, there are
waiting orders fifty-nine, at $1,200, making an aggregate of
" Of one hundred and ninety-eight passed midshipmen,
there are but eight waiting orders at $600—$4,800
" And that while there are seven captains and command-
ers, who h ve been each forty-one years in the Navy, and
who are now receiving respectively #3,500 and $1,800, and
yet have seen tea than ten years' sea service, there are forty-
three passed midshipmen who have seen over ten years sea
service, and who are receiving but $700 per annum."
After repeated efforts in Congress the bill, ap-
proved 28th of February, 1855, was passed by
a majority unexampled, and has been executed
so far as the President, without the concurrrence
of the Senate, has the power.
A violent attack, commenced at the opening of
this Congress, and still continued, againstthe law,
the President, the Secretary of the Navy, and the
naval board, has produced not only a defense of
these officials, but the " war has been carried into
the enemy's country " by exposures of the private
faults and moral delinquencies of some Of the
complaining officers, not creditable to the charac-
ter of our gallant Navy, and which I would have
preferred had been left J'to sleep the sleep of
death" in the archives of the Navy Department,
or in the memory merely of living witnesses, soon
to be buried with them in the cold grave; and I
have no doubt if this debate continues in the same
spirit, we are to be entertained, or rather dis-
gusted, with other more painful and unpleasant
disclosures.
But what is the result of the law, and the exe-
cution of it, upon the Navy, its efficiency and
personnel, we are told by the Secretary of the
Navy, to whom is confided the supervision of
that branch of the public service, and who, I sup-
pose, from his position and official knowledge, is
better prepared to give us correct information on
the subject, notwithstanding the Senator from
Texas thinks any Secretary, including, of course,
the "polite and elegant gentleman" now at the
head of the Navy, " is compelled to yield himself a
victim to the designs of packed conspiracies.'' I read
from Secretary Dobbin's annual report;
" I have an abiding conviction'thmffeistory will prove that
this work of reform reinvigorated theNavy—imparted to it
a robust and active health—inspired the hearts of the young
and gallant officers, hitherto drooping with hopeless despond-
ency, with fresh energy and contentment with the service,
warned the thoughtless and indolent to quit the haunts of
idleness, and seek the paths of duty, leading to honor, and
caused the country to repose with the more pride and con-
fidence in the belief of the invincibility of this right arm of
defense. I have no hesitation, but take much pleasure in
saying that I have already witnessed its happy effect in the
new impulse and readiness for duty seen and felt at the
Department."
Now, sir, this is the result of the law and its
execution, as testified by him who I know is not
" a victim to the designs of packed conspiracies,"
but who thinks for himself, and who dares to
utter what he honestly believes is for the best in-
terests of the public—who feels a just pride and
laudable anxiety for the elevation and success of
that branch of the public service confided to his
care—who would jealously and fearlessly protect,
by all his official power, every meritorious officer
of the Navy from injustice and oppression, but
who has the moral courage to sink the kindly
sympathies of his nature in the discharge of a
stern public duty he owes to his country.
We have also the opinion of the President in
his annual message. He says:
" fn regard to the steps tnlten In execution of the act of
Congressto promoto the efficiency of the Navy, it is unneces-
sary lbr me to say more than to. express entire concurrence
in the observations on that subject presented by the Secre-
tary lu his report."
And now, Mr. President, I ask the indulgence
of the Senate to discharge a duty I owe to that,
justly distinguished and honored son of my own
State, in the person of the Secretary of the Navy,
by answering some grave charges that have been
made in this debate against his official conduct.
The general defense of the naval board, the policy
and provisions of the law, I shall leave to other
and abler hands. The report of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and the speeches of the Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] establishing the
propriety of the law and the action of the board,
have not, in my opinion, been successfully replied
to. There are paragraphs in the speech of the Sen-
ator from Texas JMr. Houston,] which strike me
with surprise. The law of the last session, which
the Senator himself voted for, has been executed by
a " packed conspiracy" according to his opinion;
and, although the Senator professes to deal with
the Secretary as " a polite and elegant gentle-
man," yet there is no mistaking or misunder-
standing the charge which implicates him as one
of the " packed conspirators. I will read some
extracts from the Senator's speech:
" No, sir; it was a system of espionage on the Navy; it
was a combination; and, as characterized by a distin-
guished member of the navy board, it was a ' packed con-
spiracy' to strike down chivalrous and gallant men, and
give position and promotion to those who grasped the scep-
ter in their hands, and wielded it with despotic sway."
***********
" A majority of the captains were family relatives. I am
not going into the privacy of families, but this is a public
matter, and I have a right to refer to it. Not only were the
captains related to each other, but most of them had relat-
ives, subordinate to them, either midshipmen or lieuten-
ants, who were promoted by the operations of the board."
***********
" Do not understand me as casting hlame on the Secre-
tary of the Navy. He is a very polite and elegant gentle-
Man, and perhaps he did not inquire into these things."
***********
"Sir, I have no unkiadness of feeling towards the Pres-
ident of the United States or his Secretary of the Navy; yet
1 do think it very unfortunate, to say the least, that the
Navy has fallen within their control and jurisdiction.
Neither of these gendemen, though intelligent and able, had
his attention drawn to that department of defense in such
a way as to qualify him eminently for its care. Every gen-
tleman who goes into the Navy Department, Owing to the
■ condition of the various bureaus there, is placed in a mesh,
j unless be has some experience in naval affairs. He is un-
i Acquainted with the details of the office. He finds men
who have become rooted there. Since those bureaus were
established, twelve or fourteen years since, they have had
a controlling influence. He necessarily looks to them for
intelligence; he has to rely on them for information ; and
after awhile that reliance settles down to submission on his
fiart, and authority on their part over him. Unless a man
tas a master-will and unbounded capacity to eviscerate a
subject, and a will to control and manage it, he will inev-
itably yield to their machinations, and will feel himself
bound in the meshes by which he is surrounded, and at last
must yield himself a victim to the designs of packed con-
spiracies.".
Now, a very plain tale shall spoil this horrible
! picture drawn by the Senator. First, as to the
! board being family relatives: I am informed that
|, it is true, that one of the commanders actually,
I many years ago, married tho daughter of an uncle
I of another commander; and that a brother of one
of the captains, who had been dead many years,
' was connected by a marriage with another mem-
ber of the board; but, with these exceptions, no
1 other members of the board were related to each
' other by ties of consanguinity or affinity, so far
as is known, any nearer than we are all related
i to our great progenitor Adam. Now, what be-
; comes of the family picture ?
The bureaus, however, are very obnoxious to
the Senator, and they have had great influence,
in his estimation, in perpetrating the wrong of
which he complains. It turns out that there are
but two Navy officers at the head of the bureaus
in the Navy Department; neither of them was on
the board, and one of them was retired, and is one
of the memorialists complaining. "What becomes,
then, of this imaginary " packed conspiracy" of
which the Secretary " must yield himself a vic-
tim ?"
Sir, the Senator only knows James C. Dobbin
as " a polite and elegant gentleman." I am sure
that he is eminently entitled to that appellation;
but the Senator does not know, as I do, the in-
corruptible integrity of the man; the high motives
