1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tiorij to expect in those holding honorable positions; but we
are forbidden by the highest considerations of respect and
justice to suppose caprice to have governed your honorable
body. To leel otherwise would be dereliction from the
courtesy due to a department ofGovernment, as well as an
unseemly departure from the analogy to the well-established
principle of law, upon the recognition of which courts for-
bear to go behind the record when the judgment of a com-
petent tribunal comes incidentally under their notice.
It is not for us to inquire what considerations did govern
you; but to assume—the least that any respectable body
can ask—that you had for your action reasons to yourselves
most satisfactory and ample.
The questions presented for our consideration are:
Whether the act of the Legislative Assembly declaring the
Shawnee Manual Labor School the temporary seat of Gov-
ernment is valid ? And, whether your legislation at the last-
mentioned place is legal ?
They might be treated together, as really presenting the
solitary inquiry, whether your honorable body has a consti-
tutional existence? But the latter branch of the inquiry
demands a brief consideration distinct from the other.
It may be remaiked in reference to it, that its favorable
solution may be shown, whatever might be the reply to the
former, unless—which is by no means a certain proposition
—no legislation can be obligatory promulgated elsewhere
than at the seat of government.
Indeed the contrary is shown to be the recognized rule,
and, as such, has both been acted upon in the absence of
express authonty, and has, in the constitutions of the
States, certainly in some, and perhaps generally, been re-
cognized.
The removal of Congress from Philadelphia to Lancaster,
in 1777, upon the temporary reverses of the American arms
in New Jersey, is an illustration of the former, while the
16th section of the 2d article of the constitution of Mary-
land is a demonstration of the latter.
We are but too apt to confound inherent principles with
either constitutional or legislative requirements. It is usual
to limit, by positive enactment, the exercise of the func-
tions of the departments of Government to the seat of gov-
ernment; a policy not only not questionable, but clearly
laudable and wise. So, too, the residence of the chief ex-
ecutive officer is most commonly required to be there, yet
it is not universally so. In Delaware, for example, and in
Alabama, such is not the case. The act creating this Ter-
ritory does notrequire this of the Governor; all that it does
is to exact of lnm to " reside within said Territory." Nor
does it contain a prohibition to legislate elsewhere than at
the seat of Government. Upon this point it is entirely
silent.
You are the judges of the propriety and regularity of the
mode of performing your duty. The objcct of your exist-
ence is the highest" known to enlightened communities—
the enactment of laws to govern the intercourse of society,
and to control the action of its individual members. It
would be to suspend the most overtowermg interests upon
too trivial considerations, if the vitality of your acts should
be dependent upon mere points of regularity, and these to
be determined by other tribunals, and that, too, by lifting
the veil of motive, and prying into its hidden springs. If the
principle of such an oversight and contiol weie conceded,
it would be an alaimmg abuse if, upon so comparatively
insignificant a point as the place of your deliberations, their
whole efficacy should rest. However much it may seem to
comport with the importance of legislative councils, to be
surrounded with the conveniences and comforts of tasteful
and expensive buildings, reared by the munificence of Gov-
ernment, and to have these located mthe midstofa refined
and intelligent population, these are, after all, the least of
the elements of their usefulness. The pnniaiy purpose of
your being is to promote, by the wisdom of yum councils,
the public welfare; and, whether surrounded by the ap-
pendages of even produral and profuse expenditmes, or
legislating under the genial shade of one ot Nature's foicst
monaichs—whether hi the centerof luxury and population,
or m the stillness of a solitude uubroken save by the voice
of patriotic earnestness in support of needful laws—is but
of the utmost insignificance m comparison with the adapt-
ation of your measures to the interests intrusted to your
keeping.
If pestilence, therefore, shall invade the halls, nobly
wiought to correspond with the magnitude of your duties,
we can see no reason why you should not, as did the Par-
liament of Great Britain, to shun the desolation of the
plague, leave Westminster, wheie, "since the days of the
Plantagenets the Hous.es had constantly sat,'' but great
reason why you should abandon these, if need be, for the
solitude, to perfoi m your labors; and if called to assemble
in the solitude, wheie conveniences arc not to be had for
the advancement of your efforts, it is certainly no less true
that you may, and ought, as the Congress of the Revolu-
tion adjourned, indignantly, fiom Philadelphia toPimccton,
New Jersey, about the close of that gieat struggle, to ad-
journ to such other place as will furnish these.
It would be faithlessness to the high trust assumed, to
dissipate the time and eneisy, so necessary m a limited ses-
sion, in combating and overcoming inconveniences, instead
of seeking a place where, conveniences being provided,
these may be devoted to the legitimate objects of your or-
ganization. The firfct alternative, if adopted, would pro-
sent a lamentable example of the truth of the old legal
maxim, qui haret in litcra, haretin cortice, " who sticks to
the letter, sticks to the baik," an idf-a not dissimilar from
that expressed in " grasping at the shadow and losing the
substance," m "stiaming at a gnat and swallowing a
camel."
If left to seek, in general principles, a response to your
question, we should leel no hesitation in resting the justi-
fication of your position upon these views—and, invoking
to our further support the long established maxim, dc min-
imus von caret lex,11 the law disregards tufies," should feel
that position to be impregnable. Jt is due to ourselves to
add, that it would be an unjust inference, from these sug-
gestions, to suppose that we regard the establishment nf
seats of Government as a matter of indifference. On the
contraiy, they are in entire consonance with the highest
appreciation of the advantages and necessity of such estab-
lishment. Suffice this to guard against misapprehension,
without departing from the line of argument to illustrate
the importance of fixed places for governmental purposes,
and the propriety, in general, of there performing legisla-
tive functions.
Wc are not, however, confined to general principles, but
may, with confidence, turn to the provisions of the organic
act of 1854, ch. 59, the act of 1855, ch. 267, sec. 6, and the
further act of 1855, ch. 67, in discussing the question of
your right to locate, temporarily, the seat of government of
the Territory, as we now propose to do.
The 24th section of the first, named act declares that "the
legislative power of the Territory shall extend to all right-
ful subjects of legislation, consistent with the Constitution
of the United States and the provisions of this act." Some
limitations follow, but do not affect the question under re-
view.
It is supposed that, but for the 51st section, no doubt
would exist but that under the 24th the Legislative Assem-
bly would have a clear light to designate the seat of gov-
ernment, either temporarily or permanently, or that, if any
ground of doubt could be found, it would be in that clause
of the 22d section which provides that " the persons thus
cleeted to the Legislative Assembly shall meet at such
place and on such day as the Governor shall appoint;" but
thereafter, the time, place, and manner of holding and con-
ducting all elections by the people, " shall be prescribed by
law, as well as the day of the commencement of the regu-
lar sessions of the Legislative Assembly."
For the sake of simplicity and clearness, the 24th sec-
tion will be examined first, in connection with the 31st,
as also with the appropriations of section 6 of ch. 267,1854,
and of 1855, and afterwards m connection with the 22d sec-
tion of the onginal act.
The language of the 24th action has been already quoted;
that of the 31st is in the following words: " That the seat
of government of said Territory is hereby located tempo-
rarily at Fort Leavenworth; and that such portion of the
public buildings as may not be actually used and needed
for military purposes may be occupied and used, under the
direction of the Governor and Legislative Assembly, for
such public puiposes as may be requited under the provis-
ions of this act."
In the construction of this section, it is most obvious that
the use of the word "temporarily" must demand particular
attention. This would be tiue, if to he construed inde-
pendently of any other; it is much moie so when to be
construed along with others, and when a conflict is to be
avoided.
If omitted, or if substituted by the word permanently, an
entirely different phase would be civen to the section. But
the word " temporarily"docs occui. Why was it inserted?
This question will he answered by the solution of another:
Did Congress intend to designate a se.it of government un-
til, by its own further action in the piemiscs, a permanent
one should be established, oi another temporary one pointed
out; or was it the purpose of Congress to designate such
seat of government to provide for exigencies that might
arise belore the session of the Legislative Assembly, leav-
ing it to that body, as one of its appropiiate rights, a« of all
similar assemblages, unless restrained by direct prohibition,
either to continue there, aftei its convocation, if conve-
nient to the public interest, or to designate some other,
since it had accomplished the object of its temporary crea-
tion? To this question, it has seemed to us, there should
be no hesitation in making a reply. The very term u«ed
admits the existence of a right somewhere to change tiie
place. Why " temporarily," if no competent power exists
to alter and change it? Where rests that power, in ibe
absence of a prohibition, if not in the body to assemble for
legislative purposes in the Territory, and having intrusted
to" it the great concern of preserving and advancing the
welfaic of a rapidly populating country—a body which, far
beyond Congiess, has the means of judging where, best for
the attainment of these ends, they shall hold their sessions.
Not only elemental y writers, but judicial expounded of
the law, have uniformly icgardod the object to bo nttamed
by a legislative act as all impoj tant to aid in its exposition.
But here not only is theie no prohibition, but a distinct
authonty, m the language of the 04th section, to legislate
on this subject.
This can only be denied by asserting, contrary both to
precedent and pimciple, that the location of a seat of gov-
ernment is not a " rightful subject of legislation." We say,
contraiy to precedent and principle, because both have
been most emphatically affirmed by the highest legislative
authority m this country, and, from 1790 to this day, ac-
quiesced in by the highest judicial as well as executive
authority of the Federal Government.
A reference to the act of Congress of 1790, ch. 28, and to
the history of the country from that period to this., settles,
we think, this proposition beyond controversy. In appeal-
ing to the history of the times, we have the authority of
the judicial tribunal already quoted. (3 Howard, p. J.)
In asking the sanction of the acquiescence of the depart-
ments of Government, it would be purely superfluous to
cite authority, when it is remembeied that tins is the very
foundation of that large system known as the common law.
The act of 1790, by its fifth section, locates the seat of
government at Philadelphia, until the first day ot Decem-
bei, 1800, (thus temporarily,) and by it- Mxth section locates
it permanently at the city of Washington, not co nomine,
but at " the district and place aforesaid," which, by the
first section, is described as "a district of terntory not
exceeding ten miles square, to be located, as hereafter
directed, on the river Potomac,"—a district since and now
known as the District of Columbia, and the particular
place, since and now, the city of Washington. It is a con-
firmation of this view, rather than an objection, that the
Constitution of the United States, sec. 8, art. 1st, confers
the right of u exclusive legislation" "over such district,
&c., as may, by cession of particular States and the accept-
ance of Congress, become the seat of government of the
United States," &.c.; because it will be obseived that the
grant of power here is to <c exercise legislation," and not to
select a seat of government—this latter being, really, by the
phiaseology used, merely acknowledged as a legitimate ex-
ercise of an indispensable power. See Story's Comment-
aries upon this section, book 3, sec, 1,211.
Assuming, then, that the location of a seat of government,
temporarily or permanently, is a " rightful subject of legis-
lation," the argument becomes conclusive that the true
exposition of tills section confers ample authority for such
an exercise of power as that in question, while the use of
the word "temporarily" in the 31st section, leaves the"
question entirely free from the embarrassment of a sup-
posed prohibition.
Were it possible, however, that these views fall short of
concluding the question, it is only needful to pursue the
legislation of Congress a step or two further, to discover a
most distinct exposition by that body of its own interpre-
tation of the subject.
By sec. 6, chap. 267, of the statutes of the same ses-
sion—1854—an appropriation was made of $25,000, "for
the erection of public buildings for the use of the Legisla-
ture of the Territory of Kansas," upon terms therein men-
tioned. This provision is too well known to need a full
recital, the more especially as it is referred to rather in illus-
tration of the section next cited, than as of itself illustra-
tive of the point in discussion.
It may be observed, in passing,'that, notwithstanding the
insufficiency of this section to accomplish the purpose,
more especially when the history of its passage, afterafail-
ure of a more direct effort at repeal is known, it was pretty
widely thought, for some months after the promulgation of
the establishment of the territorial authority, that this had,
m fact, accomplished a repeal of the 31st section of the
organic act, which is now, strangely enough, by those en-
tertaining this opinion, supposed to be in full force, despite
not only this section, but the act of 1855, ch. 167, and your
own act at the present session.
Tracing the legislation of Congress a step further, we see
that at their last session, by ch. 167, a moment since men-
tioned, there is a further appropriation of $25,000, but with
this very material proviso, that neither this sum nor the
,$25,000 heretofore appropriated, shall be expended " until
the Legislature of said Territory shall have fixed by law the
permanent seat of government." It is to this statute we
ask attention, as affirming the construction given to the act
of 1854, ch. 59, sees. 24 and 31.
It will be observed that there is no grant of power by this
act of 1855, ch. 167, to locate the permanent seat ot gov-
ernment.
The manifest meaning of the language used is a mere
recognition of that power as an already existing one. It
is a piohibition of the expenditure of the moneys devoted
to the use of the Territory until such time as this admitted
power shall have been exercised, for the obvious reason
that Congress did not intend these sums or any portion of
them to be expended for temporary buildings.
The plain conclusion from this view of the act is, that
Congress, entertaining no doubt of the right of the Legisla-
tive Assembly to locate permanently the seat of govern-
ment, thus expounds its own understanding of its previous
enactments, in paria maleiia; while the further inevitable
inference follows that the inferior right to locate the seat
Of government temporarily resides in the same body. For
authority for this argument, see 7B. & C.rp. 99; 6 B. &
C., p. 454, and 3 Howard, 556.
For support of the concluding inference, the well-known
rule of law, that the greater embraces the less, will be
recognized as both applicable and sufficient. See<5 Wheat,
p. 204, and 14th vol. East's Rep.—the famous case of Sir
Francis Burdett vs. The Speaker of the House of Commons.
" What is clearly implied by a statute is as much a part of
it as if expressed in words." Mo. Rep. vol. 3, 264.
The 8th section of the 1st art. of the Constitution of the
United States, and the subsequent action of Congress
under it, to which reference has been already made for
another purpose, are even moie forcible in confirmation of
these reflections, if the construction then given it be cor-
icc't, sustained, as we have shown it to bo, by high author-
ity, that the right to locate a seat of government is assumed
and not granted by its language, no further doubt can exist
ot the existence of a similar power m your case, and of the
truth of the construction given by us to the acts and sec-
tions quoted; if it be not the true construction, but is to
be regarded as a grant of power, and as the grant under
which Congress subsequently enacted the act of 1790, then
it becomes not less influential in defense of the inferential
power to locate the seat of government temporarily, which
we have claimed under the statute of 1855, ch. 167. If not
so, whence the power to do what Congress, by the 5th sec-
tion of this statute, did, to wit: locate, from that period to
1800, the seat of government at Philadelphia—not certainly
under the constitutional grant, for that speaks of only such
district "as may, by cession of particular States and the
acceptance of Congress, become the seat of government of
the United States"—language ratified by what occurred in
reference to the Districtof Columbia and the city of Wash-
ington, but never by any transaction m regard to the city of
Philadelphia. Jlencethe location thereof at the last-named
place, assuming it to have been by authority at all, was by
one following necessarily from the greater authority claimed
by virtue of the Constitution.
Piotracted as this opinion has already become, there ia
still another aspect in which the subject must be viewed.
Objections to these conclusions may be supposed to be
found in the clause of the 22d section heretofore quoted :
" the persons thus elected shall assemble," &c.
The point of objection can scarcely be the first branch of
the clause, which says that they " shall assemble at such
place and on such day as the Governor shall appoint "
There are two views m which this pait of the section
may he presented, neither of which would affect the right-
fulness of your acting, however one might produce ques-
tion of the legality of the call, as to " place," under which
you assembled.
The first is, whether the authority to designate the place
was not subservient to the 31st section establishing, tem-
porarily, the seat of government at Fort Leavenworth; and
if so, whether its true construction would not have been
that it meant some particular placc at that Fort, and not
any place outside of that. Assuming that no subsequent
legislation of Congress had repealed the 31st section, and
conccding, what is distinctly implied in the objections to
your act, that the only place for legislation is the seat of
government, this construction would follow irresistibly,
because it would be the only construction that would leave
