1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Henry Bennett, Billinghurst, Bing-
ham, Bradshaw, Branch, Buffinton, Cadwalader, Garble,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Covode, Cumback, Edie, Giddmgs, Granger, Greenwood,
Grow, Harlan, Jewett, J. Glancy Jones, Knapp, Knowlton,
Millson, Morgan, Murray, Parker, Peck, Perry, Pettit,
Phelps. Pike, Purviance, Puryear, Sandidge, Sapp, Sim-
mons, Stanton, Thorinston, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Wakeman, Walbndge, VVatkin& and Williams—48.
No quorum having voted,
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama, resumed the floor.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I hope the gentleman
will yield to a motion that there be a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER. It is apparent that there is
no quorum present.
Mr. SMITH. I decline to yield the floor.
Mr. MAXWELL. Can the gentleman pro-
ceed, or can any business be done, when there is
no quorum ?
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to adjourn over.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. If gentlemen will
hear me, I think I can place this matter in a posi-
tion so that we can adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot pro-
ceed except by unanimous consent, as there is no
quorum present, and no business can be trans-
acted .
Mr. GREENWOOD. I understand that the
gentleman from Alabama declined to yield me
the floor for the purpose of making the motion I
designed. I suppose that, although no business
can be transacted, yet the gentleman can procecd
with his remarks, if lie chooses to do so. I sup-
pose that is not business of that character which
would be excluded by the rules.
The SPEAKER. It is the judgment of the
Chair that, inasmuch as upon a call of the roll it
is apparent that a quorum of members is not pres-
ent, it is not in order for the gentleman from
Alabama to proceed, except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I then move that there
be a call of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessep. I am satisfied that
no good can come of such a proceeding at this
hour of the day; and having no fancy for oper-
ations of that kind, I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
five minutes past four o'clock) the House ad-
journed until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 10, 1856.
The House mot at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read a ml approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of the motion
to reconsider the vote whereby the House dis-
agreed to the resolution reported by the Commit-
tee of Elections on the contested seat from New
Mexico.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. GREENWOOD. What became of the
motion for a call of the House, pending when the
House adjourned yesterday?
The SPEAKER. That motion- fell withjrthc
adjournment.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I am of opinion, from
looking around the Hall this morning, that such
a motion is now necessary, and I therefore renew
the motion. Yet, if the Chair will ascertain that
a quorum is present, I will not make the mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the Chair
that no quorum is present.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I apprehend there is
no objection to a call of the House. We can
suspend the call at any moment when it is de-
sirable.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll;
when the following members failed to answer to'
their names, viz:
Messrs. Ball, Barclay, Barksdale, Bayly, Hendley S.
Bennett, Bishop, Bliss, Boeock, Bianeh, Bi'ooks, Broom,
Cacfvvaki'ler, James H. Campbell, Caiuthets, Chatfee,
CJjiMf, Buyaid Chuk, Conmis, Covode, Co\, Craige, Craw-
ford. Damieli, Day, Dean,Denver, Do Witt, Dick, Dickson
Dodd, Dunn, Elliott, Emrie, Ethcralge, Eu^tis. Florence'
Granger, Grow, Augustus Hall, Robert 13. Hall, J. Morrison
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison,
Herbert, Hickman,Hoffman, Holloway, Hounon, Howard,
J. Glaney Jones, Keitt, Kelsey, Kidwell, Knight, Kunkel,
Lake, Leiter, McQueen, Meacham, John G. Miller, Mill-
ward, Moore, Mou, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Pearce, Porter, duitman,
Reade, Pavers, Robbins, Rust, Sage, Savage, Seward Sher-
man, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Spmner, Tal-
bott, Tappan, Thorington, Trippe, Tyson, Underwood,
Vail, Wade, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Watson, Welch, Whitney, Winslow, Wood, Daniel
B. Wright, and John V. Wright.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. KNAPP stated that Mr. Damrell had
paired off.
Mr. SNEED stated that his colleague, Mr.
Rivers, was sick, and foisthat reason was not
present.
The SPEAKER then ordered the doors of the
House to be closed.
Mr. DOWDELL. As there seems to be a
quorum present, I move that all further proceed-
ings in the call be dispensed with.
*The SPEAKER. One hundred and thirty-one
gentlemen have answered to their names.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I object to suspending
further proceedings in the call.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to send for
the absentees?
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
suspending further proceedings.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I call for tellers upon
that motion. j
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I wish to re-
spond to my name.
The SPEAKER. It is too late now.
Mr. JONES. 1 was in at the time.
Tellers were then ordered; and Messrs. Cobb
of Alabama, and Matteson, were appointed, ]
The House was divided, and the tellers reported \
—ayes 71, noes 54. I
Mr. GALLOWAY called for the yeas and ]
nays. j
The yeas and nays were ordered. j
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, (at twenty-five j
minutes of one o'clock.) I move that the House j
do now adjourn. |
Mr. MORGAN. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the motion t'o
adj ourn.
Mr. KNOX. I renew it.
Mr. WAKEMAN. And on that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 49, nays 88; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs Allen, Allison, Baibour, Bell, Biadshaw,
Bmhngame, Lewis 1). Campbell, Ezia Clark, Davidson,
llcniv Winter Davis, Dcnvei, Edie, Edmundson, Evans,
Flagler, Fo-ter, Gilbcit, Coode, Valentin'} 13. Horton,
Hu^lmon, Geoige W. Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kinir, Knox,
Letcher,Lmdley, Lumpkin, Mace, AIo.\and"r K.Marshall,
Maxwell, Mctfaity, MoMuilin, Meachain, Kilhan Miller,
Powell, Ritchie. Rohcu-j, Robi^on, Ratlin, Scott, Simmons,
Samuel A. Smith, Swope, Tappan, Taylor, Walker, War-
net, and Whitney—49.
NAYS-Movis. Aiken, Albiight, Henry Bennett, Bun-
pon, Billinghui'at, Bingham, Bliss Boeock, Bowie, Bovce,
Bienton. Baflinton, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Camp-
bell, Carhle, Ca-=kie, dawson, Clingman, Howell Cobb, i
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Cragin,Cuinbaek,
Timothy Davis, Dowdell. Edwards, English, Fau&ner, .
Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Guiding*, :
Greenwood, Grow, Ilailan, Hanison, Haven, Thomas R.
llorton, Jewett, J. Glaney Join's, Knapp. Knowlton, Tlimi-
plney Mai^hall, Samuel S. Marshal!, Matteson, Smith Mil-
ler, Millson, Morgan, MomtJ, Muiray, Andrew Ulivej,
Panic. Peck, Potion, Pennington, Pony, Pettit, Phelps,
Pike, Punale, Puivjanec, Puijear, Ready, Ricaud, Sabm,
Sandidse, Sapp, Slioiter, Sneed, Stanton, Stephens, Stcw-
ait, Stinnahan, Thuiston, Todd, Tialtoii, Valk, Wake-
m.ln, Walbiidje, Waldion, Krael Wa-hburn, Watkias,
Well*, Wheeler, Williams, and Woodwouii—88.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion that fur-
ther proceedings under the order for a call of the
House be dispensed with, on which the yeas
and nays had been ordered.
Mr. PENNINGTON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Bishop, had been called home on important
business; and that his other colleague, Mr. Rob-
bins, had returned home in consequence of ill-
ness.
Mr. LETCHEPv. Has a member who was not
in the House at the time the roll was called a right
to vote on the motion to suspend further proceed-
ings under the call, on which he was reported as
absent ?
The SPEAKER. That is a question which it
is difficult for the Chair to determine. It is quite
possible that a member may have been present
and yet not answered to his name, or that a
member may have come in before the doors were
closed. In such case, the Chair is of opinion
such member would have a right to vote.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albnght, Ball,'Barbour, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bowie, Boyee, Biad-
shaw. Brenton, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Carhle, Clavvson, Clingman, Ilowell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Collax, Cragm, Culien,
Cumback, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Durfee,
English, Evans, Faulkner, Flaglei, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Giddmgs, Gilbert, Goode, Giow, Harlan, l-Ianison, Haven,
Thomas R. Hoiton, J. Glaney Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kid-
well, King, Knapp, Knowlton, Lmdley, Alexander K. Mar-
shall, Humphrey Marshall, Mavwell, Kilhan Miller, Mill-
son, Moigan, Morrill, Muuay, Peck, Perry, Pike, Powell,
Purviance, Richardson, Roberts, Sabm, Sandidge, Sapp,
Scott, Shorter, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Stanton, Stephens, Stranahan, Swope, Tappan, Thtnston,
Trafton, Walbiidge, Warner, Israel Washburn, Watkms,
and Whitney—85.
NAYS — Mcssis. Aiken, Allen, Allison, Bell, Bocoek,
Buffinton, Burhngame, Ezra Clark, Davidson, Timothy
Davis, Edie, Edmundson, Edvvaid^, Foster, Heniy M.
Fullet, Galloway, Greenwood, Valentine B. Horton, Jewett,
Gemgc W Jones, Knox, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace, Samuel
S. Marshall, Matteson, MeCaity, McMulhn, Smith Miller,
Andiew Oliver, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Phelps, Pringle,
Pin year, Ready, Ilicaud, Ritchie, Rolnson, Ruffin, Suecd,
Stewart. Taylor, Todd, Yarn, Wakeman, Waldron,Walker,
Wells, Wheeler, Williams, Woodiuff, and Woodwoith—
54.
So the further proceedings under the call of the
House were dispensed with; and the doors were
reopened.
Pending the announcement of the vote,
Mr. CASKIE said: I desire to state, Mr.
Speaker, that I answered to my name on the call
of the House. Then came a motion to adjourn,
on which I voted. I afterwards went out of the
Hall for a few minutes, and when I came back
to the door I found it closed. I then went into
the gallery, seeking some means of obtaining ad-
mission, to which I considered myself entitled.
1 have obtained that admission. I was in the
gallery when my name was called; and I submit
that I am now entitled to cast my vote.
Mr. FLAGLER. I object. #
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Was the gentle-
man within the Hall when his name was called?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states that
he was not within the bar of the House when his
name was called.
Mr. JONES. If ho was here when the call
of the House was made, I think there can be no
doubt of his ri^ht to vote.
Mr. CASKIE. I ask it as a matter of right.
I care nothing about the privilege of voting on
this question.
The SPE AKER. Under the rules of the House
the gentleman is certainly not entitled to vote, if
he raises the question of right. He can only vote
by unanimous conscnt of the House.
Mr. CASKIE. I do not think the matter of
sufficient importance to insist upon it, and there-
fore waive my right. Is there any objection to
my voting?
The SPEAKER. There is. The gentleman
from New York objects.
Mr. CASKIE. Very well. It is no mat-
ter.
Mr. DARKSDALE. I "desire to say that I
was necessarily absent from the House when my
name was called.
NEW MEXICO CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the motion to reconsider the vote whereby the
House disagreed to the resolution reported by the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I call for the previous
question on the motion to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. PULLER, of Pennsylvania. I have been
trying for two or three days, Mr. Speaker, to get
the permission of the House to make some
remarks of a personal character. I now ask the
unanimous consent of the House.
There was no objection.
