448
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 30,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Boards-Mr. Biggs.
Senate.
of his private or public conduct; his great admin-
istrative talents; his energy of will, or the perse-
verance which applies with diligence all the pow-
ers of his minu—not an ordinary one—to the
discharge of his public duties, or he would not
labor under the gross delusion that the Secretary
of the Navy was either a conspirator or " the
victim of a packed conspiracy."
But the Senator thinks it " very unfortunate
that the Navy has fallen within the control and
jurisdiction of the President and Secretary."
Why should the Senator deplore this great mis-
fortune ? Does he propose to amend the- Consti-
tution of the United States? That provides that
" the President shall be commander-in-chief of
the Army and Navy of the United States." In
whom, then, would he vest the "control and
jurisdiction " if he is dissatisfied with the Con-
stitution? Of course, not in the naval bureaus,
for they are regulated by " machinations."
You must have intelligence and integrity to con-
trol. The Constitution making the President com-
mander-in-chief, the law provided him an advi-
sory cabinet, to be composed of the Secretary of
the Navy and fifteen naval officers. These officers
were selected, as I understand and believe, from
the flower of the Navy; officers of experience, of
unblemished integrity, and standing high in their
profession. The selection was approved, and
lauded in the Navy and out of the Navy, from
one end of the country to the other, as the very
best board that could have been selected. The
Navy had, therefore, the security afforded by a
board of their professional peers; and unless the
Navy differs from all other professions, a certain
esprit du corps precludes the idea of the gross
injustice charged upon this board. But the Sena-
tor stoutly complains of this " control and juris-
diction." To whom shall we, then, confide the
Navy? The President and Secretary are dis-
qualified, in the opinion of the Senator,for want
of experience; the bureaus are managed by im-
proper machinations; and fifteen of the most
experienced and able officers of the Navv are
made conspirators against their brother officers!
The Navy, according to this picture, must be in
a bad way.
The Senator also attempts to put in conflict the
judgment of the Secretary with the judgment of
the board. He says, no less than fifty-seven
officers who were afloat or on duty at that very
time were stricken down by retirement or drop-
ping. The Secretary or the board, he says, erred
in judgment as to the efficiency of these officers.
He presents "the two horns of the dilemma,"
and says, " gentlemen may swing on either—I
care not which; neither is pleasant." The Sen-
ator, however, concludes, " I do not think that
Mr. Dobbin would have detailed an incompetent
person for sea-duty." Why should he have
come to that conclusion when he in another place
says that he thinks it "very unfortunate that the
Navy has fallen within his control and jurisdic-
tion," and when he supposes every Secretary of
the Navy, by the organization of the bureaus,
" unless he has a master-will and experience of
naval affairs, is placed in a mesh ?" The Secretary
of the Navy is indebted to the Senator for the
admission that he has intelligence and integrity
enough not to detail an incompetent person for
duty ! But what are the facts ?
The result of my inquiry is that only twenty-
one of those officers were on sea duty; the balance
were merely doing duty on shore, but not at sea.
These officers were ordered, partly by the former,
and partly by the present Secretary. Is it re-
markable, in a list of several hundred officers, a
Secretary of the Navy should have happened to
send to duty a few officers who, on investigation,
were found to be inefficient? He could not know
them all. They were officers in the Navy. It was
their time to go to sea. Two hundred were found
by the board to be inefficient. Some of them
necessarily had to be on duty, and one great object
of the reform was to get rid of the necessity of
sending inefficient officers, to sea, and of supply-
ing their places with efficient. And now, because
the Department sent such to duty, the cry is,
" Why did you send such men to duty ?" The
answer is, " I could not help it; I told you the
Navy had too many inefficient men in it, that the
service was suffering, and that a reform was
needed which, when thoroughly made, would
enable the Department to send efficient and not
inefficient officers to sea." The great object of
the reform was to relieve the Department of the
necessity of sending to sea inefficient officers.
The Secretary tells the board:
" I esteem it but proper to say to you that, notwithstand-
ing every effort to avoid them, both my predecessors and
myself may have committed mistakes in issuing orders to
officers who,' in the judgment of the board,' may not be
competent according to the spirit and meaning of the law.
You will not allow such cases, if there be any, to cause
you the slightest embarrassment."
But I come now to reply to more grave charges,
if possible, made by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Chittenden.] The position assumed by
the Senator, that the power of removal by the
President under the law was but a statutory pro-
vision, and that we were competent to annul the
statute, and the proceedings under it, struck me
| with surprise; but that position was so com-
pletely met and refuted by the Senator from Del-
aware, [Mr. Clatton,] that I only allude to it
now to bring to the attention of the Senate an-
other position of the Senator as untenable, and to
say that, when gentlemen are led away on this
question by seductive and enchanting declama-
tion addressed to our kindest sympathies and
sensibilities, in behalf of supposed wronged and
injured meritorious officers, they seem to launch
into a sea of inconsistency and absurd conclu-
sions.
The statute provides that a board of fifteen
officers shall be assembled, "which board, under
such regulations as the Secretary of the Navy
may prescribe, shall make a careful examination
into the efficiency of the officers, and shall report
to the Secretary of the Navy the names and rank
of all officers who, in the judgment of said board,
shall be incapable of performing promptly and
efficiently all their duty, both ashore and afloat;
and whenever said board shall believe that said
incompetency has arisen from any cause implying
sufficient blame on the part of the officer to justify
it, they shall recommend that his name be stricken
altogether from the rolls."
The Secretary of the Navy, on the 20th of June,
1855, prescribed his regulations in a letter to the
board, which I will condense in my reading:
" The Executive has appointed you under that law, and
it now becomes your duty to make a ' careful examination,'
and report in pursuance thereof. And here, gentlemen,
allow me to invite your attention to the searching language
of the law. The law requires capacity; but it stops not
here; for it must be a capacity to perform ' all duty,'' ashore
and afloat.' Butit stops not here; for it is not content with
a mere capacity to perform duty, but demands that it shall
be done not merely 'promptly,' but' efficiently.' The law,
therefore, has fixed the test. You are as an advisory board
to assist in enforcing it. Your own sound common sense,
and acquaintance with the duties of an officer, will guide
you to the true practical interpretation of this. Efficiency,
efficiency—that is what is required. Inefficiency, ineffi-
ciency—that is what is to be withdrawn in order to 'pro-
mote' the efficient. Neither the law nor the country asks
for anything unreasonable. In examining as to who are
' incapable of performing their whole duty, both ashore and
afloat,' I need hardly suggest to you, that an officer piay be
' incapable' either mentally, physically, or morally; for,
although he may possess a strong mind and robust frame,
yet if his moral perception of right and wrong be so blnnted
and debased as to reader him unreliable, be could hardly
be ranked as the caplble officer, to be intrusted with the
lives of his countrymen and the property and honor of liis
country.
" You will perceive that there are two distinct classes, and
that one of those classes is subdivided. You are required
to report the names of officers who should be, in your
judgment, placed on the ' reserved list,' and then designate
those of the ' reserved' who, in your opinion, for service
rendered, and for fidelity in the discharge of duty, should
receive full ' leave-of-absence' pay, and those who should
receive furlough, or half ' leave-of-absence' pay.
" You are required to advance a step further in your ex-
amination and discrimination, and report the names of such
officers as you' believe1 have become incompetent4 from
any cause implying sufficient blame on the part of the offi-
cers to justify' your recommending them to ' be stricken
altogether from the rolls.' And on this point I venture to
suggest the opinion that an officeris to ' blame if he has be-
come incompetent from neglect of duty and inattention and
indifference to his profession, as well as from dissipation and
immoral indulgences.'
" I fear a misapprehension may exist in the minds of some
in regard to the position before the country of officers placed
on the reserved list with ftill leave-of-absence pay. It is no
degradation—it is rather a high compliment. The pay is
liberal, and amply sufficient to the comfortable support of
the officer and his family. Indeed, it is the generous act of
a Government saying to the meritorions officer,'You have
served with fidelity, and now, as you have become incom-
petent to the severe duties of naval life, you can rest from
tlie labors of your profession without care or anxiety as to
your support, as we have provided for it.' Nor, gentlemen,
do I consider that it will be necessarily a degradation, or a
mark of governmental displeasure, for an officer to be placed
on furlough, which is half leave-of-absence pay, because he
may have become really incompetent to the discharge of
his duties, and yet may not have served so long and faithfully
and with such credit as to entitle him to the highest compen-
sation to the reserved.
" According to my conception of the spirit of this law,
and justice to officers and the Government, the standard of
merit and services should be high to enable an officer to be
placed on the reserved list with full leave of absence
* -* * * * * * J* * *
" A calm, conciliatory spirit in your deliberations will do
much to prevent discord, irritations, and heart burnings.
All that you are expected to do is to contribute your opin-
ion—your judgment—to aid the Executive, under the pro-
visions ofthis liberal statute, in relieving the service of the
inefficient, and thereby ' promote the efficiency of the Navy.'
I transmit herewith, for the information of the board, copies
of the act under which it is convened.
" 1. You will therefore assemble, deliberate, and determ-
ine, after a ' careful examination,' in pursuance of the
law, as to passed midshipmen, masters, and lieutenants;
during which deliberation the junior lieutenant will act as
the secretary of the board. Whereupon the said secretary
will make a record, in the nature of a sub-report, ot"' the
judgment of the board' as to each grade, separately, and,
after certifying to its correctness, shall deliver the same to
the senior officer, who shall attest it; and the lieutenants
will then retire, but not consider themselves as dctacheil
from duty.
" 2. After the retirement of the lieutenants, the captains
and commanders will assemble, deliberate, and determine,
after a ' careful examination,' in pursuance of the law, aa
to commanders; during which deliberation the junior com-
mander will act as secretary. Whereupon the said secre-
tary will make a record, in the nature of a sub-report, of the
judgment of said captains and commanders as to the grad®
of commanders; and, after certifying to its correctness, will
deliver the same to the senior officer, who shall attest it.
And the commanders will then retire, but not consider
themselves as detached from duty.
" 3. Afterthe retirementof the commanders, the captains
i will assemble, deliberate, and determine, after a ' careful ex-
' animation,' in pursuance of the law, as to captains; during
j which deliberation the junior captain will act as secretary.
! Whereupon the said secretary will make a record, in the
| nature of a sub- report, of the judgment of said captains aa
to the grade of captains; and, after certifying to its correct-
ness, will deliver the same to the senior officer, who shall
attest it.
" 4. When action shall thus have been taken undeT the
regulations prescribed in reference to all the grades enu-
merated, the senior officer, for and on behalf of the board,
shall make a general report to the Secretary of the Navy,
imbodying the records and sub-reports aforesaid, and the
results of their deliberation, according to the law under
which the board convened.
" 5. The concurrence of a majority ofthose entitled to ex -
amine and report upon the grade under consideration shall
be necessary to constitute tile vote—' the judgment of the
board.'
" 6. As the deliberations and proceedings of the board will
be incomplete until the approval or disapproval of the Pres-
ident, all information touching the game will be confined
exclusively to the board and the executive department of
the Government."
Again; the Secretary, acting with that caution
which has ever characterized him in the dis-
charge of a high but delicate public duty, which
this was, called for the opinion of the Attorney
General, the legal adviser of the Department; and
the Attorney General said, in relation to the
proviso of the first section of the statute, which
directed " that no officers upon said board shall
examine into or report upon the efficiency of offi-
cers of a grade above them," as follows:
" I think,'therefore, that the effect of the proviso is to
require the board to be subdivided in the process of ita
action, and to make three distinct sub-reports, which
together shall constitute the general report; that is to say,
the entire body will sit together, deliberate and determine,
and by proper means authenticate their conclusion as
to lieutenants, masters, and passed midshipmen; after
that, the lieutenants will have to retire, and the captains
and commanders will act in regard to all officers of the
rank of commander; when the commanders must retire,
and the captains will act as to officers of that rank. All the
examinations having thus been made, and the proper
judgments reached, in the manner contemplated by the
law, the sum total of the opinions will be certified to the
Secretary in such form of authentication as he in his reg-
ulations shall see fit to prescribe."
i But more than this; I Sm authorized to say
that the Attorney General was consulted by the
, President and Secretary, on the interpretation to
be given to the law and the proper mode of exe-
! cuting it; on the subject of the regulations for the
J government of the board, to be prescribed by the
: Secretary; and more especially upon the point,
1 whether, according to the tenor and true intent
of the act, the examination was to be conducted
as a court, with arraignment of officers, exam-
ination of witnesses, and a report of the reasons
of their finding in each case; and he advised that
such was not, in his opinion, the requirement or con-
templation of the statute. But the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] censures the course
