2058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 12,
that country—information which the inhabitants j
there themselves did not possess. He explored
one river for eight hundred miles, which the in-
habitants on its border did not know the existence
of—a river fertile in resources and navigable for
steamboats. He has brought back valuable in-
formation, on which a treaty of commerce and
navigation is to be based.
Mr, HALE. The chairman has taken issue
■with me on a statement of fact, and I want to
know how that is." I stated that the naval bill
of 1835 paid to the officers of the American Navy
higher salaries than are received by officers of the
same grade in any navy in the world. I under-
stand the chairman to deny that fact.
Mr. MALLORY. I will come to that; but
before I do, I wish to say a word more of Com-
mander Page and the La Plata expedition. On
one occasion, he had to be absent from his ship
six months at a time in open boats. During this
time, he had to make purchases out of his own
pocket, being away from the rations of the ship.
All his men came back in debt.
We all know the sufferings of the men of Dr.
Kane in the Arctic expedition. They were over
eighty days travelling over a field of ice. Many
of the men, as the surgeon testifies, have come
back frost-bitten and with the seeds of scurvy in
their system, which can hardly be eradicated.
We have only followed precedents, and are giving
the precise compensation which was given in other
similar cases.
A word now in relation to the issue of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. He says the bill to
which he referred increased the pay of the Navy
of every grade beyond that of those grades in
other services. I take issue with him, and I ask
him to refer to the law, and show it. It is not so.
We increased the lower grades of the Navy, but
when we come to the higher grades we find a
decrease. The British admiral is the highest
officer in the English service; and a captain is the
highest in our service. It was stated here the
other day, in discussion on this subject, that they
were equal in rank. If so, the British admiral
fets ten times the pay of the American captain.
lis daily pay for his table alone is $15. Table-
money it is called there. There is no comparison
between the pay of thehighergradcs of the British
navy and our own. I concede to the Senator
from New Hampshire that in the lower grades
the pay of our service is more.
Mr. HALE. I made a statement which is
literally true, or was true at the time to which I
referred. I have not looked at the matter lately,
but I once took occasion to examine the Bntirh
Register, and the French and Russian Registers,
and I found that the pay of midshipmen, the pay
of lieutenants, and the pay of captains, in our
service, by the bill of 1835, was made higher than
the pay of a midshipman, a lieutenant, or a cap-
tain, in any navy in the world. That they have
higher grades, and pay them higher, I do not
deny, and never did; but the pay of a post-
captain, by the bill of 1835, was higher than the
pay of a post-captain in the Russian, French, or
any other navy. The same is true of a lieutenant
and a midshipman. That those navies had higher
grades, which were paid higher, I never denied;
but I say the pay of the same grades was higher
by that bill than of any navy in the world.
Mr. MALLORY. There is no real issue be-
tween the Senator and myself. The pay is pro-
portionate to the duties, and responsibilities, and
expenses. An American captain commanding a
fleet has all the responsibilities thrown upon him,
and alt the duties to be performed, that are per-
formed and incurred by the highest naval admiral
of England or France. Is his pay equal to theirs?
It is not one tenth. Our lieutenants exercise
much higher functions, and incur greater respons-
ibilities and expenses, than theirs. We cannot,
therefore, draw a comparison between the pay
without one between the labor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Movements of this de- ,
Bcription are, I think, ratherproductive of injury j
than good. Two reasons are given for the pro-1
posed amendment. One is, that while on this '
service, these officers, who wore not in command i
particularly, were exposed to greater expenses,!
  r ^We-re fre<iuently appointed to dis- i
ntr /i ^er(3utles of higher grades, and were '
obliged to live accordingly, and dispense hospi-
talities. Now, if we estakiah the principle, that
all the officers.in our vessels, from the commo-
dore commanding a squadron down to a mid-
shipman, are to be allowed, while in active em-
ployment and receiving the highest rates of pay
for their grade, an additional sum because they
are exposed sometimes to perform higher duties,
and therefore think they are required to make
a little better appearance than m the grade to
which they belong, it is a very bad principle,
and does not afford, in my judgment, any suffi-
cient reason for increase of pay. I do not ap-
prove the principle, that all tne officers on board
our vessels are to set themselves up as gentlemen
who are sent out for the purpose, as a part of
their duty, of dispensing hospitalities to the peo-
ple of other countries who may happen to visit
the vessel. Sometimes the commander of a vessel
is exposed to somethingof that kind. 'Thecom-
mander of a squadron of course is, and his pay
is graduated accordingly; but according to the
argument of the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, this necessity begins with the
commodore, and goes down through all the ranks
of officers on board the vessel, to|i midshipman.
I think we had better not act with reference to
the expectation that any such duties are to be
performed. The pay that is now given to these
officers is either enough or not enough. If it is
enough, we need not raise it; if it is not, raise
the pay of all officers, and not be granting these
gratuities.
Nor do I hold it to be a correct principle, that
because an officer has rendered distinguished ser-
vices, whether scientific or otherwise, therefore
he is to be compensated by an increase of pay for
the time when he was engaged. It is the duty
of every officer to perform the orders of the Depart-
ment as well as he can, and if he adds to our stock
of science, let him be rewarded by the reputation
which he achieves, and the standing which he
acquires%mong the peopJe of hi,13 country, and
those who have supervision of his conduct, and
not come in here with a demand for money when-
ever an expedition returns, on the ground of faith-
ful service, or exposure to hardship. Theirs is
a life of hardship. They take it, and seek it, and
ought to be proud of the opportunity to meet and
conquer difficulties, and not come to Congress,
whenever an expedition returns, with an applica-
tion for an increase of pay while engaged in a
particular kind of service, because they have be-
haved creditably to themselves and the country.
It is a very poor principle to establish for the con-
sideration and guidance of naval men.
Another argument is, an alleged exposure to
increased expenses in the ordinary line of duty, by
being sent out on short expeditions, and obliged
to supply clothing for their boats'crew, and other
expenses of a like character. If there is anything
of that sort, bring in a bill to pay them their extra
expenses, and make them keep and render an
account. I do not wish any of the officers to pay
these things out of their own pockets. I am
willing that the Government should pay, but let
us know what we are paying, and know what it
is for, and not act on a general statement, that
an officer has been obliged to perform duty above
his grade a few days while in command of a boats'
crew, and has done his duty extremely well; so
that for the whole time of an expedition—two 01*
three years—we must be called 011 to make a gen-
eral increase of pay of all the officers.
I am disposed to be as liberal as anybody in
such matters; but this does not look well to me.
I did not approve the gratuity of §20,000 to Com-
modore Perry. If he was exposed to extraor-
dinary expenses, he ought to have been paid; but
the idea of making a money appropriation in that
way to a commander of asquauron, was not right I
in my judgment. I do not know that I made any |
opposition to it, but I should never vote for such j
an appropriation, if I understood myself, under j
such circumstances. ;
I have a word more to say to enlighten my I
friend from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] He j
spoke of voting, among other things which Com- i
modore Perry received, a thousand copies of his
work. Now, sir, that ought not to be charged
to Commodore Perry's account, but the $20,000
may properly be charged to him. We had ap-
plications before us from one, at least, of the offi-
cers of the squadron for extra numbers of that
work, on the ground of having contributed to the
scientific articles; but it was well understood, and
distinctly expressed, that in giving the one thou-
sand copies to Commodore Perry, we gave them
to him not for his own use, to be placed in a book-
store and sold, but to be distributed among the
officers and other persons who composed his
squadron. It was a large squadron, comprising
many officers, and a thousand copies were given
Commodore Perry with the express idea that
they should be so distributed; and if he were to
undertake to sell a single copy, I should consider
him doing an act dishonorable to him as a man
and an officer.
Mr. SEWARD. It is proper I should say, in
defense of Commodore Perry, that it was well
understood at the time, I think—it was by my-
self, at all events—when that question was before
the Senate, that the one thousand copies were
given for the purpose of distribution, as the hon-
orable Senator from Maine has said, among per-
sons who were connected with the Japan expe-
dition, scientific men, officers of merit who had
performed extraordinary services; and that Com-
modore Perry employs and uses all thosecopies,
not for any gain to himself, but in th
contemplated they should be used.
3ft
In regard to the question which is now before the
Senate, I wish that such questions might be con-
sidered as economical questions,and treated in that
way, without unnecessarily throwing discredit
011 the objects or achievements of these expedi-
tions. I can very well see that the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] who
objects to the amendment, might be opposed on
goodwbonomical grounds, and upon grounds of
principle, to enlarging the pay or giving extra pay
to any person connected with the service; but, at
the same time, that does not render it necessary
to undervalue the objects of the expeditions or
the achievements they have made. For one, while
I shall not fail to endeavor to exercise a rigid
economy, as far as may depend on my vote in
regard to publications of the results of these ex-
peditions and the payment of persons engaged
111 them, I must defend the policy of those explo-
rations as of vast importance. We have only to
reflect that we are now a Power of the Pacific
ocean, the greatest of all the oceans. The Pacific
ocean is the least explored of all the oceans which
bear the trade of the world. If we look north or
south, east cr west, we are practically the only
real Power there is that dwells upon the Pacific
ocean. There is nothing north of us, and there
is no civilized maritime Power that can be con-
sidered really such in Spanish America. On the
other side of the world are the feeble nations of
Asia. The trade of the Pacific ocean is the trade
and commerce of the wo-rld. That has always
been so, and is to continue to be so. The Gov-
ernment of Great Britain, as well as the other
European States, is seeking to obtain a monopoly
of this commerce.
It certainly was not unwise in us to send an
expedition to Japan to open the trade of Japan
to ourselves and to the world. It was not wise
to leave it a monopoly to Holland. Ft has not
been unwise for us to open the trade of China.
China and Japan are rapidly coming into the con-
dition of the Mohammedan States; and if we are
not there to maintain our interests, and to extend
our commerce, we shall be excluded, and it will
fall into the hands of other maritime Powers.
For the attainment of these objects it is necessary
that the Pacific ocean should be explored more
thoroughly than it has ever yet been explored.
We are thirty or forty or fifty years behind in our
knowledge of the shores, rocks, islands, and ob-
structions to navigation m the proper channels of
the Pacific ocean, what we have on the Atlantic
ocean. The world is behind 011 that subject. The
charts used are very old. The European charts
are thirty or forty or fifty years old. These
expeditions have enabled us to make new charts
on an extensive scale, and so far will be very
useful. Our whale ships, in winch we excel ali
other nations, by the use of these charts and our
increasing trade between our Pacific ports and
the Oriental markets, require them for the same
reason.
I am not prepared to say, that it is wise and
necessary to continue the precedent which was
set in regard to Captain Wilkes's expedition.
That was an expedition for which I am not re-
sponsible, as I was not here, and had not an
opportunity to vote. I can well conceive that
