1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
resentativcs having the constitutional right to
judge of the election returns of members here,
may not ourselves inquire into the election returns
of Delegates. By no means. We, as a court,
can judge of the validity of the law regulating
elections; but I say we cannot set aside such law
unless we resume that dominion which we once
exercised over the Territory. We have parted
with that dominion, and I am for letting it stand
where we have bestowed it under the organic
law, in the people of the Territory of Kansas.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 believe that where a stat-
ute is founded in fraud, there is no power on earth
that can give vitality or validity to it. And for
the purpose, Mr. Speaker, of showing this House
that Congress has committed itself to the princi-
ple which I assert—the right to ltpeal a territorial
law tainted, with fraud—I need go no further back
than to the last session. I will show that this
power has been exercised by nearly every mem-
ber on the opposition side of the Chamber. It
will be recollected that during last Congress a land
grant to the Territory of Minnesota, of eight hun-
dred thousand acres, was passed. A committee
of investigation was raised. The result of the
examination was, that the grant was declared to
have been fraudulently procured. Subsequently,
there were other frauds exposed to the judiciary
branch of the Government in relation to this land
grant. It then became necessary, m order to
defeat the fraud, that a certain charter, which had
been granted by the Territorial Legislature of
Minnesota, shouldbe repealed. It was not alleged,
I believe, or proven in the course of the exam-
ination, that the passage of the act conferring this
charter had been fraudulently procured; but still,
with a view to prevent the execution of a fraud
incidentally connected with the act of the Terri-
torial Legislature, a resolution was unanimously
reported to this House by the Committee on the
Judiciary at the last session, disapproving and
disaffirming the act of the Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of Minnesota, entitled " An act
to incorporate the Minnesota and Northwestern
Railroad Company."
On the fmal vote that was taken on that reso-
lution, one hundred and sixteen members of this
House voted to repeal the act of the Territorial
Legislature, and sixteen against it. Nearly all
the friends of the Nebraska bill voted for the
resolution, thereby asserting the power of Con-
giess to disaffirm and repeal an act of the Terri-
torial Legislature. The honorable gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] did not vote.
How he would have voted, had he been in the
Hall at the time, 1 do not know. Rut I refer to
this vote for the purpose of showing the members
on the opposite side of the House that they are
committed to the principle which I have affirmed
here—namely, the right of this body to repeal any
legislative act of the Territory of Kansas, or of
any other Territory, if there be proof that the act
is founded m fraud.
The object of this resolution, Mr. Speaker, is
to gut authentic and reliable evidence, in order
that the facts connected with the proceedings in
Kansas in reference to the election of a Delegate
may be disclosed to this House and to the coun-
try. I do not propose to consume the time of the
House. On the contrary, I am anxious that we
shall proceed as speedily as possible to the con-
sideration of the President's aunual message,
with a view to its reference to appropriate com-
mittees. I doubt not that ihese_ Kansas troubles
and kindred subjects will be elaborately and |
fully discussed in the Committee of the Whole •;
on the state of the Union; and therefore I call for j
the previous question on the passage of the reso- j
lution. ;
Mr. HICKMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MILLSON also addressed the Chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope I shall be excused.
Both sides have been freely and, I think, fairly
heard. If I withdraw the call for the previous
question, I see \ ei y clcarly that we will bo launched
into an in terminable debate on tins question; and
I think the public interests require that we should
be very brief in our discussion of it at this time.
I therefore insist, without any disrespect to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millsox,] on my
call for the previous question.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire only to say to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, that I wish to make a very few
observations on this question; and, if he wish,
I will renew the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman from
Virginia renew the call for the previous question?
Mr. MILLSON. I will.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I withdraw it.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Maine,
the chairman of the Committee of Elections, [Mr.
Washburn,] said he had come to no determin-
ate conclusion as to the merits of the Kansas con-
tested election; and yet the gentleman more than
once took occasion to express the opinion that a
very large majority of the American people be-
lieve that the legislation on which this election
is founded was utterly void, because there had
been no legal Legislature existing in Kansas.
Sir, I very much fear that, in the expression of
that opinion, the gentleman has indicated the
conclusion to which he must necessarily come
upon the merits of the contested election; and I
cannot but feel some surprise that the gentleman
has found it more easy to ascertain what were
the sentiments of a large majority of the people
of the country, than to indicate wliat are now his
own.
I may say, Mr. Speaker, in all sincerity, that
I have formed no definite opinion as to the merits
of this contested election; and I desire to approach
the question with as much information as can be
fairly and properly obtained; but I am not au-
thorized, even for the enlightenment of my own
ignorance on this subject, to resort to means that
seem to me to be as much opposed to the letter
and spirit of the law as they are to just senti- :
ments of propriety and public policy.
Sir, what is it the gentleman asks ? That power
be given to the Committee of Elections to send
for persons and papers. Now, let me briefly in-
quire, Mr. Speaker, whether the exercise of this
power is not forbidden alike by the past usage of
the country, by the existing legislation of Con-
gress, and by every well-considered principle of
public policy ?
As to the usage of this body, no gentleman
who has spoken on this subject has attempted to
cite any solitary instance of the kind, except that
occurring some years ago m the case of the New
Jersey controversy. Now, sir, it may not be
necessary to remind the House that that prece-
dent has never commended itself with much force
to gentlemen occupying seats oil the other side
of the Hall.
I am not sure, but there may have been some
good reason for the authority given to the Com-
mittee of Elections in that case, for the contest
there related altogether to questions of fact. But
it will be a sufficient reply to the citation of that
precedent to say, that it occurred before the pas-
sage of the law regulating the proceedings m con-
tested elections.
And this brines me to the second inquiry, as
to whether the course suggested by the Commit-
tee of Elections is not condemned, not to say
prohibited, by existing acts of Congress? I con-
tend it is; that the act of 1851 expressly pro-
hibits this course of proceeding. I have just
referred to the law, and I will detain the House
by citing one or two of its provisions.
The law, after providing that noticc shall be
given by the contestant to the sitting member,
and that the reply shall be made m writing by the
sitting member to the contestant, goes on to de-
clare within what time the taking of evidence
shall be commenced, it requires that the depo-
sitions of witnesses shall h<> commenced witlnn
thirty days after the reply of the sitting member
to the noticc given by the contestant. It then
goes on to provide that no testimony shall be
taken after the expiration of sixty days from the
day on which the answer is returned by the con-
testant.
Now, observe: no evidence, no deposition shall
be taken after the expiration of sixty days. It
it is provided, further, that the House may, at its
discretion, allow supplementary testimony to be
taken after the expiration of the sixty days.
Now, sir, does this act regulate the proceed-
ings in contested elections occurring in the Ter-
ritories ? I maintain that it does. It is very true
that the terms of the law apply only to members
of the House of Representatives, and I concede
that a Delegate from a Territory is not member of
the House of Represen tatives; I say it applies
in terms only to the members of the House of
Representatives; but, sir, what kind of law is
this ? It is a law to correct an existing mischief;
it is a law intending to apply a remedy to exist-
ing evils. And the principle of judicial construc-
tion is very well known—thatallsuch laws, what-
ever may be their terms and letter, are to be so
construed as to apply the remedy wherever the
mischief may exist. Here, sir, is the difference
between what are called remedial laws' and what
are known as penal statutes. Penal laws are to
be construed strictly to the letter; but remedial
laws are always so construed as that, notwith-
standing their terms may not embrace particular
cases of mischief, yet, wherever the mischief is
ascertained to exist, the remedy provided is made
to apply. And there can be no question that any
court would so construe this law as to make it
apply as well to contested elections originating in
a Territory as in any of the States of the Union.
But, sir, suppose the law did not apply to the
Territories the argument is then a fortiori; and if
I wished to show the impropriety of delegating
to this committee the extraordinary power asked
for by this resolution, I should prefer to take their
own construction of the provisions of this law,
and maintain that it did not apply to the Territo-
ries. For, sir, if this law is to govern in cases of con-
tested elections originating between members of
the House, then, as I said before, a fortiori, its
provisions would be applied to contested elections
originating in the Territories of the United States.
If the House will deny itself the great privilege
of sending for persons and papers for the purpose
of ascertaining the validity of an election of one
of its own members, who is a part of the legis-
lation of Congress, certainly they would be less
unwilling to deprive themselves of such a priv-
ilege in the case of a Delegate from a Territory,
who has no vote, and no power beyond his per-
sonal influence among members, and who, there-
fore, could not sully the legislation of Congress
by giving a vote not authorized by those who sent
him here. But if this law does not apply to the
Territories, then there is no law on the subject;
and the simple inquiry is, what shall we now do
in this case, in the absence of all legislative declar-
ation on the subject? What rule would we now
originate to apply to this case? The principles
of this law suggest a proper mode of procedure;
and, in the absence of any rule, the House may
adopt fonts own government, the very same prin-
ciples of action which it, in connection with the
other branches of the law-making power, thought
fit to apply only five years ago.
One word now in reference to the remaining
branch of the inquiry which I propose to enter
upon; and that is, whether the authority now asked
for is not opposed to propriety and to public pol-
icy. The Committee of Elections ask—what?
That they maybe clothed with power to send for
persons and papers. And the chairman of that
committee, when asked what persons, and how
many, and what description of papers were in-
tended to be sent for, replied that the committee
were to be invested with full authority and dis-
cretion to summon as many persons and send
for as many papers as they might think proper.
The committee, then, propose to do the very thing
which the law denies them the right to do in a
case of contested election involving the rights
of members of this body. The law declares, that
evidence may, in some cases, b« taken after the
expiration of sixty days, at the dhcrction of the
House. The committee now ask that this evi-
dence may be taker\ at their own discretion.
This law will sometimes allow depositions to be
taken; that is, when the House pleases to order
them. This committee ask to be authorized to
send thousands of miles for persons to appear
before them at their unchecked discretion ! Will
the House allow it?
Suppose this were the settled course of prac-
tice m contested elections, what would be, what
must be, the lesult? If either party were allowed
to summon such persons, and at such times as ho
might think proper, the sitting member would
always hold his seat until the expiration of the
Congress, by simply indicating the names of
persons from whom he desired to get testimony.
He could protract the case until the very Con-
gress was terminated. These are some of the
practical mischiefs to result from the adoption of
