1856.]
34th Cong....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
449
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Biggs.
Senate.
of the Secretary ill strong terms. I read an ex- !
tract from his speech: ;
" We now understand the ease. According to my view
of it Congress provided tor a bo*rd." It prescribed no rules
of proceeding; " directed no record to be kept; it directed
no summons to a party who was to be affected by their
judgment; but it did not say that there should be none of
theie tinny. It is silent in regard to them. It makes no
refutation; but it says that the Secretary of the Navy may
prescribe regulations. Suppose the Secretary of the Navy
had refused to prescribe regulations: on whom, from the
very necessity of the case, would devolve the power of
making regulations for the conduct of the board ? On the
board itself.
••Is not tliis the plain, common-sense view, the fair result of
the transaction? The Secretary of the Navy was to make reg-
ulations. Whnt sort of regulations ? Congress trusted to his
discretion to make regulations. lie said in substance to the
board,' It is not necessary to sit publicly; it is not necessary
to keep a record ; it is not necessary to examine witnesses.'
Were these proper regulations ? That is the question. Al-
though these men were not entitled to a trial, it must be ad-
mitted that the proceeding was in the nature of a judicial pro-
ceed ing upon which the character, the feelings and the hopes
of the whole official corps of the Navy of the United States
depended. In the hands of these judges pro tempore—or of
these arbiters, if you will—depended the place of every man,
high or low, in the Navy of the United States. Was it not
a mighty tribunal, with vast and almost immeasurable pow-
ers ? If its members were exposed to public scrutiny or
public responsibility in the exercise of such vast power,
could it be anticipated that they would proceed without a
record?
In the absence of any regulation by Congress for their
proceedings, «ould it have been supposed that the Secretary
of the Navy would recommend darkness ? What might the
Secretary have proposed if he pleased ? What—according
to our notions of justice—according to our notions of every
such proceeding, whether strictly judicial and to be exer-
cised m tlie forms in which courts of justice exercise their
jurisdiction or not—ought to have been prescribed ? It must
have been presumed by Congress that some form of pro-
ceedings analogous to those of courts, containing some
analogous assurances of justice, would be prescribed to
govern the conduct of such a mighty and august tribunal as
this was. None such, however, was made; but the con-
trary seemed to be prescribed by the Secretary of the Navy.
Herein, it seems tome, that officer misunderstood the proper
spirit of the country, and the proper spirit of our institutions.
Though the men who were to be passed upon by the board
were entitled to no trial, they were entitled to justice. What
Is the way to justice ? Though before the board there was
no jury, and no indictment, and no formal accusation, there
was a wsy to justice. And what was that ? In was the
way which should have been prescribed by the regu-
lations which Congress conferred on the Secretary of the
Navy the power to make. It was left to bis discretion,
to his sense of justice, to his sense of conformity with the
institutions of the country, to prescribe regulations. How
contrary to the intention of Congress must we suppose that
the regulations actually made were!
Sir, gentlemen should not make a personal matter of
having voted for or against this law. Here is the law. It
does not prescribe rules, but it does not forbid rules. It
directs and it contemplates that rules and regulations shall
be prescribed for the government of the proceedings of the
board. What regulations so appropriate as those which
should instruct tbcm whether a summons should issue to
the party or not—on what evidence they should proceed ?
—whether they should proceed on their own statements
one to another.'—whether they should proceed on the rep-
etitions of the gossips which they might have beard in the
Navy from year to year? Was it not appropriate to pre-
scribe, in point of time, how far back their jurisdiction
Fhonld extend ? Was it not important to tell them whether
they were to take a note of a man's whole lifetime —to note
and con every nice offense which be may have committed ?
These things were appropriate subjects for the regulations
which Congress contemplated ; but none such were made.
Does not this vitiate the administration of the law ?
" Besides, the inquiry of the board was not intended to
be left boundless and arbitrary. A despotism of that sort
was not intended to be created in the heart of a free country.
You gave them power, and you expected that power to be
exercised with a due regard to the universal opinion and
feeling of the people, and in conformity with the institutions
of the country. Is not that the fair presumption ? How
was the jurisdiction exercised ? Without the forms, with-
out any of the ceremonies which signalize and solemnize
public justice—without one of those forms which insure
justice to any man in any investigation. Was this right.'
I ask the American Senate if it was right ? I appeal to
them, on no nice question as to the power of removal—upon
no disputed doctrine of the presidential power. Here is a
broad question of justice presented for decision. Congress
left it to the Secretary of the Navy to make regulations tor
the government of the board. None have been made. None
have been made in the spirit of justice; none have been
Blade in the spirit of the institutions of our conntry, or bear-
' ing the least analogy to them, but in exact contradiction to
hem."
The Senator from Kentucky insists " that the
inquiry of the board was not intended to be left
boundless and arbitrary;" that the Secretary ought
to have limited the investigation as to time; the
officers whose efficiency was examined ought to
have been Atified; that a record of the reasons
of the board ought to have been kept; and, as an
inevitable conclusion, if the officer was to be noti-
fied, and the proceedings open, and a record kept,
he should have been entitled to witnesses and
New Series—No. 29
counsel in his defense; for where was the necessity
of notifying h'm, if you closed his mouth? And
because this has not been done, a " despotism"
has been sanctioned by the Secretary, and he has
outraged the principles of justice in not giving
proper instructions, and "no instructions have been,
given in the spirit of our institutions, or bearing the
least analogy to them, but in exact contradiction to
I them."
| And what is the result of this conduct in the
! judgment of the Senator ? The administration of
the law, although the law be constitutional, has
been vitiated, and, as a necessary corollary., the
whole proceedings under it are void ? These are
serious charges against the official conduct of the
Secretary, and deserve consideration; for what-
! ever may be said of the motives of the board,
their envy or malignity, they acted under the
law and the regulations prescribed by the Secre-
tary. If the Secretary had the power, and has
adopted regulations inconsistent with justice and
propriety, or has failed to perform his duty in
; limiting the board within a proper sphere of
1 inquiry, by which the avowed wishes of Congress
have been disregarded, the beneficial effects of an
important reform contemplated by the legislative
department have been prevented, then, indeed,
Senators may not be expected to deal in " honeyed
phrases." It would be monstrous for any execu-
tive officer thus to act, to defeat the will of Con-
gress, and prevent that reform in the service so
loudly and imperatively called for by the country.
! But, first, I would inquire, is there any discretion
vested in the Secretary? The law says, " under
such regulations as the Secretary of the Navy
may prescribe." Can any doubt be entertained that
these regulations under this power were left dis-
cretionary with him ? He has exercised the power
1 according to his discretion; he has prescribed regu-
lations; and is it not absurd—legally considered—
to seriously contend that, because he has not pre-
scribed the regulations that the Senator from
Kentucky, with his idea of the necessary appli-
cation to this case of our " Anglo-Saxon and
common-law notions of justice, would have
directed, that therefore all the proceedings under
the statute are void ?
If a jurisdiction prescribing definite powers had
been created by the law—not an executive power
of removal under the Constitution—and an offi-
cer professing to execute the law had exceeded
his jurisdiction, then it might be contended that
his acts were void. But certainly this is not a
case like that. Assume that the President had
no power but by the provisions of the law, and
did you not vest the Secretary with a discretion
in prescribing the regulations ? and may I not at
least challenge a refutation of this proposition ?
If the Secretary, in the exercise of that discretion,
did not violate the Constitution, then his regula-
tions were lawful, and all the acts in pursuance
thereof valid; and you have now a statute legallti
executed. I suppose it will notbe seriously urged
that the regulations prescribed were a violation
of the Constitution; the most that is contended
for is, that the spirit of justice has been disre-
garded. In my judgment, there is no power
in Congress that can place the officers in the same
position they occupied before the execution of
the statute. It is true the President, with the con-
currence of the Senate, may appoint the officers
retired to supply the vacancies, but this would
be the exercise of an executive and not a legisla-
tive power. A repeal of the law, therefore, would
do no more than to deprive the retired officers on
the pay list from receiving what had, by the law,
been most liberally provided for them. The fact
is, the foundation of the Senator's complaint
arises from a misconception of the character of
the board. It was not a court, civil, military, or
naval. It did not take the character of a court
of inquiry. The law created a board, whose per-
sonal aggregate judgment was invoked to advise
the President who to retire from the Navy  That
judgment was to be formed from personal knowl-
edge, by a free interchange of opinion among
themselves, from the lights afforded by official
documents in the archives of the Navy Depart-
ment, and the result of that judgment was to be
reported. The Secretary was to prescribe the
rules of proceeding in recording that judgment,
as directed by the statute in juithenticating and
reporting it.
It is well known that upon the passage of the
statute the objection that the board was to hold
its proceedings in secret was distinctly made;
i4and, after full discussion, Congress expressly
decided in favor of the mode of proceeding pre-
scribed by the Secretary. Now, suppose the
j Secretary had attempted, by regulation, to reverse
I the decision of Congress, and in defiance of its
| authority and expressed will had required the
II board to hold its proceedings in public, would not
' this Chamber have resounded with eloquent de-
nunciation of executive usurpation, and would
h not the Secretary have been visited with merited
rebuke and censure ? While I am strongly in-
| clined against all secret associations in thiscoun-
' try, and consider the principle of "secret socie-
: ties," as a general one, repugnant to the spirit
and genius of our institutions, yet, from the
necessity of the case, we are compelled, in the
; administration of the Government, to not only
admit, but sometimes command, our officials to
11 observe secrecy in their official conduct. Our
I, negotiations with foreign Governments are gener-
, ally conducted in secret, and ought to be. The
' j councils of the President and his Cabinet are not
exposed to the public. The President, according
! to the Constitution, to precedent, and practice,
from the foundation of the Government, removes
officers, and never gives reasons for removal.
This body acts in secret on all executive busi-
ness, including the appointment of officers; and
the reason for our action is never spread on the
record and communicated to the public; and the
grand juries of our country are sworn to keep
; their proceedings secret. Here was a board
1 constituted to pass their judgment upon their
I professional peers, in advisingthe President what
1 persons to retire from the active list of the
Navy. The idea of holding this consultation in
public, so that every remark, discreet or indis-
creet—so that every inquiry and answer might be
heard by, or reported to, the public—is to my
mind supremely preposterous;. and certainly
this objection is very unexpected and passing
strange to come from the Senators from Texas
1 and Kentucky. Imagine now to yourselves this
board assembled in a room; the reporters of the
press at their desks; the public not only author-
ized to be present, but invited by the interest
excited in personal friends or enemies who are to
' be passed upon by the board. The name of an
officer is called; one member remarks, "I have
heard he is an habitual drunkard;" another re-
, sponds, " I know him intimately; he was at one
' time somewhat intemperate; but for many years
he has been an entirely sober man." One says:
" I have understood he has a chronic disease that
renders him inefficient;" another replies, " Hehas
recovered from that disease." An inquiry is made
whether that matter and his intemperate habits
have not been the subject of a court of inquiry,
or a court-martial. One member suggests that such
inquiry or court was held too long ago; another
insists that, if not too long, the evidence upon
the finding wets corrupt or partial. These, with
the thousand variations of inquiries and remarks,
that different cases might provoke, in the free
interchange of inquiry and opinion, to arrive at
an honest conclusion as to the result, is to be
heard by or reported to the public, cui bono ?
Would it induce the board to deal frankly and
faithfully? Would it insure that careful exam-
ination and scrutiny which was contemplated^
* Would it be refreshing to the officers or their
friends, whose faults or crimes were thus ex-
posed? Would it promote the sacred principles
; of justice, about which we have heard so much?
If the proceeding partook of any of. the charac-
j teristics of a court of common law, the result of
; whose judgment was the imposition of a fine or
: penalty, then the forms of such a court ought to
be observed. Civil officers are daily removed
without notice or trial—without exposing to the
public the grounds of removal. In principle
there is no distinction. In practice, in conse-
quence of the peculiar circumstances and sacri-
fices attending military and naval officers, a differ-
ent rule has obtained in this—-that the President
does not feel justified in exercising liis executive
