THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Se
WEDNESDAY, MAY 14, 1856.
New Series....lip. 75
Mr. FULLER then made a long personal
explanation in support of the position he took
on the slavery question during the contest, and
whilst he was a candidate, for the speakership
at the commencement of the session, and also
defined the position ke held now, and that here-
tofore held by him on that question.
His speech will bo found in the Appendix.
Several members rose to address the Chair.
Mr. TODD. Mr. Speaker, I was the first to
whom my colleague alluded, and I have only a
few remarks to submit in reply to what he has
said.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I trust that my
colleague will yield to me for a moment.
Mr. TODD. Not now. T shall not reply to all
that my colleague [Mr. Puller] has said. I
may advert to the subject hereafter.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania, who has just concludcd his
remarks, I understood held the floor by unani-
mous consent for personal explanation. Has
that privilege been extended to any other gentle-
man ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
for what exact purpose the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Todd] has risen. [Cries of " Hear
him! "] If there be no objection, the gentleman
will proceed with his explanation
There was no objection.
Mr. TODD. Mr. Speaker, I shall only reply-
to that portion of my colleague's remarks which
refer to me personally, without, on the present
occasion, desiring to travel over the ground he
has occupicd. He will bear me witness that,
previous to my arrival here in December last, I
had no personal acquaintance with him; that our
political positions in Pennsylvania were antago-
nistic, he having always, so far as I know, acted
with the Whig, I with the Democratic party. I
had no political association with liini whatever.
X came to Washington believing that he, in com-
mon with others of my colleagues with whom I
acted, was elected on the anti-Nebraska issue. 1
knew that he had been the candidate of the Whig
party foi an important State office; and that the
platform of that party at that time was anti-slavery
extension. I knew that there were reports and
speeches to bear me out in that assumption; and
I was assured by my other colleagues that he was
perfectly sound. I had no personal knowledge
of his political antecedents. I did not know what
were his personal opinions, nor did-I ask them.
I knew that the papers which advocated his elec-
tion as Speaker of this body, both in the city of
Philadelphia and his own district, held him up as
a sound anti-Nebraska man. I did not have the
pleasure of making his acquaintance until several
days after the ballotings had commenced; and it
was not until the evening of the day previous to
the time I ceased to vote for him, that my colleague,
in a meeting of the Pennsylvania delegation, stated
that, if Kansas had a population of one hundred
thousand inhabitants, and fairly, legally, and le-
gitimately adopted aconstitution either prohibiting
or allowing slavery, he did not see why her admis-
sion should be refused. I deny specifically that my
colleague did say, on that or any other occasion,
that he would not vote for the restoration of the
Missouri compromise line. I deny also that he
then or at any other time said that he did not rec-
ognize therightof the inhabitants of the Territory
to prohibit slavery while they were in a territo-
rial condition, or that he limited their right to do
so to the time when they came to form a State
constitution preparatory to their admission into
the Union. He made then none of the allega-
tions which he afterwards made on this floor.
On the very night my colleague made that decla-
ration, a gentleman from my State [Mr. Robi-
son] rose and avowed his determination no
longer to cast his vote for him; but in a conver-
sation had that evening with another colleague,
[Mr. Purviance,] which was communicated to
me, he did state specifically that, on the anti-
Nebraska question, he would yitld his own indi-
vidual opinions to the public sentiment of his
75
constituents; and knowing that that constituency
had repudiated the Hon. Hendrick B. Wright on
that issue, I felt that they would be sound, and
that he might be trusted. These were the rea-
sons which induced me to vote for my colleague.
Had he stated then that he would have voted
against the restoration of the Missouri compro-
mise line, and that he doubted the power of the
people of the Territory, whilst in a territorial
condition, to prohibit slavery, I would not only
have let my right hand, but my heart also, wither,
before I would have cast a single vote for him.
The expression my colleague refers to may
have been a strong one. It was made under the
impulse of the moment, and without premedita-
tion. I am one of those men who have no fear in
avowing an opinion honestly entertained, and I
always, under all circumstances, and at all times,
act up to the convictions of my own judgmentand
the dictates of my own conscience.
Now, sir, it is singular that this explanation of
my colleague was not made at an earlier period.
Five long months have passed by, and this is the
first occasion on which his mouth has been opened
to deny that he did not entertain the opinions
attributed to him, that I had acted inconsistently
in voting for him, after a declaration of his opin-
ions, or had done him injustice, by denouncing,
at the time, the alleged change in his principles.
Had he made his explanation at that time, I
should have been prepared to meet it. I had the
means to do so in my desk, and it was only two
or three weeks ago that I cast them upon this
floor, supposing the time would never come for
their use. I had a collection of extracts from
papers in my own State, which advocated his
election, and denounced me for voting against
him, and for you, Mr. Speaker, on the ground that
he was as good an anti-Nebraska man as yourself
and those allegations never ceased in those papers
until he made the avowal upon this floor which
he did in reference to his views.
I regret that this explanation has been made.
I regret to be placed in an antagonistic position
with my colleague. As I said before, I never
knew him previous to this session of Congress,
and ever since I have regarded him as a gentle-
man. I never intended to impute to him an in-
tention to practice a deception upon me. What
I meant to say was, that from the fact that I was
not personally acquainted with him, and that pub-
lications were made throughout his State in refer-
ence to his antecedents, going conclusively to
prove that he was an anti-Nebraska man, I was
induced to vote for him; and it was not until I
discovered that I was in error, and that he did
not entertain 'anti-Nebraska principles, that I
ceased to vote for him, and voted for another.
This explanation has come suddenly upon me.
I am sorry 1 did not know that it was to be made,
otherwise I could have put my reply in a shape
that would be perfectly satisfactory to this House,
and myself in a position that would not have left,
my colleague any occasion to allege that I had
behaved inconsistently with my opinions in
voting for him. In justification of the votes
given for my colleague, during one day after the
declaration of his inability to sec how Kansas
could be refused admission into the Union, either
with a free or slave constitution fairly formed, I
have only to say, that they were given because I
believed he would conform to the wishes of his
constituents, and, also, from deference to the
wishes of my colleagues, who had confidence in
his anti-Nebraskaism. I stated upon that occa-
sion that, if my colleague was opposed to the
restoration of the Missouri compromise line, and
to the admission of Kansas as a free State, I
would not vote for him. My colleagues here will
bear me out in this statement, and that there was
no inconsistency upon my part, and nothing
wrong, in voting as I did.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I merely wish
to state to the House, on account of the peculiar
manner in which my colleague has brought this
subject up, that I rose to a point of order while
he was speaking, not for the purpose of inter-
rupting my colleague—because I am desirous that
he should say not only what he has said, but that/
he shall, if he chooses, from this time forth until
the presidential election, raise all the points he
possibly can against the Democracy of Pennsyl-
vania, or so humble an individual as myself—but
for the purpose, in order that I mightnotbe mis-
represented, of ascertaining whether my colleague
would allow me to interrogate him as he pro-
ceeded, and that it might not be said that 1 did
not correct his errors as he advanced them.
He had prepared an elaborate speech, in which
I believe my own name is introduced, though I
did not hear it. That speech has been prepared
with great care. It gives me a great deal of pleas-
ure to congratulate the Democracy of the country
that the attack has come from that quarter; it
gives me a great deal of pleasure to look upon it
as a significant fact, because the friends of my
distinguished colleague made the same attacks a
few days ago in Philadelphia, and if this shall be
productive of a similar result I shall be the last
man to regret it.
I only rose now to say that, after my colleague's
speech is in print, I shall then ask the privilege
of the House to reply at length.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In April last, I
addressed a letter to my constituents, which was
published, and I sent a copy to each member of
this House. In that letter, sir, I gave what pur-
ported to be a letter from the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, who has addressed the House this
morning, addressed to B. P. Saxton, which letter
the gentleman this morning repudiates as a for-
gery. That letter, sir, and also what purported
to be his Alleghany speech, was published in the
papers of Pennsylvania and of other States
during the last winter. In the month of February,
another member of this House—a gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Carcthers]—addressed a
letter to his constituents, and he gave both those
extracts in his letter, and it was circulated through
the country by the members of this House.
Some five or six weeks after the publication of
that letter, I took those extracts, and gave them a
place in the letter which I addressed to my con-
stituents. During all that time I had seen no
contradiction, and no suspicion or question as to
their authenticity, and had I believed that they
were not authentic I would not have given them
circulation in that or any other form.
But I understood the gentleman to say that
there was a letter written to a Mr. Saxton on
that subject,and that this one is aforgery, manu-
factured perhaps from the one which he addressed
to Mr. Saxton, and which was stolen and altered,
as I understand him. Now, sir, I shall be glad
to see the genuine one. I do not understand '
the gentleman to repudiate the sentiments in that
etter as being entertained by him in 1849. Nor
do I understand him as repudiating the senti-
ments attributed to him in the report of his Al-
leghany speech, though he said'it was such a re-
port as that he did not recognize it as his speech.
The gentleman can now say whether he enter-
tains those sentiments.
Mr, FULLER. I said I would publish the
letter as it was written; and I said that the report
of the speech at Alleghany was so much stronger
in substance and in language than anything
which I had uttered, that I did not recognize it at
all; and I denied the utterance of the sentiments
imputed to me.
Mr. JONES. I would inquire of the gentleman
whether it is correctly stated that the paper in
which that speech was reported was in his sup-
port, or favorable to his election, when he was
a candidate for the office of Canal Commissioner;
and whether ho repudiated that report at the time
it was published, and pending the canvass in that
State •? 
Mr. FULLER. I stated the fact to one of the
publishers of the paper in which the report ap-
peared. I left the city on the day, I believe, that
the publication was made. It was just previous
to the election, and I had some four hundred miles
or more to travel, with numerous appointments
