450
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 30,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Biggs.
Senate.
power of removaLgenerally, upon the officers of
the Army and Navy, without some legislative
fiction. And now, with this advantage in practice,
if these officers persistently insist that all the
forms of courts of common law shall be observed
in their cases, before they shall be removed from
the public service—although the country demands
reform and because such forms have not been
observed, and some errors have been committed,
therefore, Congress is urged and expected to con-
tinue these great abuses, by fastening upon the
country the support of scores of useless, worth-
less drones; then, indeed, in my judgment the
most violent blow is struck at the success, if
not the permanency, of the Navy of the United
States.
In affirming the action of Congress, the Secre-
tary of the Navy and the naval board, not only
by allowing, but requiring, the board to hold their
consultations in private, an entire and full an-
swer is given to the other causes of complaint;
for, strip it of the character of a court of common
law, or a court of any kind, and the denuncia-
tions of courts of inquisition and star-chamber, as
applicable to this board, vanish, and the other
objections alluded to have no force.
But, as to the complaint that the Secretary
should have limited the time beyond which the
board should not have been permitted to make
inquiry—what rule should he have prescribed ?
One year, five years, ten years, or ten days?
Suppose, for illustration, be had prescribed three
years as the limit: at that time an officer, by a
previous vicious and intemperate course of con-
duct, had not only deranged his mind for the time
being, but had brought on disease that totally
disqualified him for the efficient discharge of his
duties; but for two years past he has been ap-
parently a reformed man in mind and body. The
board was required to examine into his efficiency,
running back three years. One, personally un-
acquainted with the officer, might doubt whether
the reformation of two years'duration was per-
manent, and could be relied on; another knew that
thisofficer had many years ago reformed like pre-
vious habits, buthad relapsed. The board having
personal knowledge, and other reliable informa-
tion, recommend the dismissal of the officer. The
board might say, in justification, that three years
ago it was universally admitted that the officer
■was inefficient, and the Secretary's instructions
required us to go that far back. The dismissed
officer now appears before Congress apparently
reformed and efficient. I ask if in such a case
the Secretary would not have been subjected to
severe reprehension for the arbitrary and despotic
rule of three years that he had prescribed ? The
board, however, were to examine as to the effi-
ciency of the officer at the time of the inquiry, and
I cannot perceive the propriety of any limitation
of time.
But notice ought to have been given, and a rec-
ord kept! A notice, I repeat, was useless, unless
the officer notified was to be heard in his defense.
Who was to be the accuser and prosecutor?
"Would you have the judges to assume that char-
acter? Accordingto the idea of some, the forms
of a court of law ought to have been observed;
a public examination had. The court must notify
the party; and if a trial is to take place, the charges
must be preferred and prosecuted, and the officer
admitted to defend by witnesses and counsel. ;
Now, imagine the board conducting their deliber- ,
ations thus, and from the necessity of the case,
some one or more members examining and cross-
examining the witnesses against and for the
accused; and then what one of the board shall
■ argue the case against the defendant? Would
not such a scene properly command the indignant
anathemas of eloquent Senators ? And then how
long, think you, it would have taken to dispose of
the two hundred and one cases retired, to say
nothing of the six hundred and ninety-seven offi-
cers whose efficiency had to be examined into.
And here it is as well to allude to an argument
against the action of the board, arising out of the
time employed by them. Senators have divided
the time into minutes and seconds, and have appor-
tioned in that way a few minutes only to each
case. The Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,]
in his estimate, makes as applicable to each one
of the twohundredand one cases, forty-three min-
utes and fifteen seconds. This, it is said, is not
a "careful examination," and therefore the pro-
ceeding is vitiated. What length of time, then,
would be sufficient ? Are we to test the legality of
the act by the time consumed ? It is certainly
fair to assume that there were but few of the
cases that required much time for discussion or
consultation.
I read from the report of the committee:
" In the examination which your committee have given
to the proceedings of the board, they find that of the two
liundced and one officer* removed from the active-service
list, one hundred and fifty were so removed by the unan-
imous votes of their peers; that is, where one of these one
hundred and fifty was a midshipman, master, or lieutenant,
he was removed by a vote of the fifteen members; where he
was a commander he was removed by a vote of ten; and
where a captain by a vote of five. Of the remaining fifty-
one, thirty-three were so remoffed by a vote of over two
thirds, and the remaining eighteen by a vote, some of two
thirds, and some exceeding a majority. j
" Your committee deem it proper to say that they have :
carefully examined the origin and provisions of the law ;
creating the reserved list, and they find that in the commit-
tee who reported it, in all the arguments sustaining it in
Congress, in the judgment of the Secretary of the Navy, as
evinced in his annual report, and his ' regulations,' as well
as in the judgment of the board itself, throughout its deliber-
ations, it was regarded as an honorable retirement, provided
by a grateful country, in remembrance of past public ser-
vice."
One hundred and fifty retired by a unanimous
vote, and nearly all the others by a two third
vote! Now, to the debatable cases (according to
the calculation of the Senator as to the time em-
ployed) there was devoted more than half a day
to each case. I admit this would not be sufficient
time if they were to be governed by the rules
and practice of courts of law, and certainly would
be greatly insufficient in this body, which has
been edified and occupied for hours, days, and
weeks upon a very few of the cases.
But suppose you apply the same rule as to time,
and try the cases as in a court of law. Would
it be unreasonable to devote, in preferring and
hearing the charges, in the examination of wit-
nesses and argument of counsel, fifteen hours
to each case, or three days of five hours each,
(which is the mode of calculation adopted by the
Senator,) and then we have an aggregate of six
hundred and three working days; a period of
nearly two years before the cases could have
been decided. I apprehend some of the cases
would have required nearer a week than three
days. And will this be called the execution of
the law in good faith to effect the reform contem-
plated by Congress ?
By the act of Congress of 1800, courts-martial
and courts of inquiry were authorized, and their
powers and duties defined. By that act, the man-
ner of summoning witnesses and the penalties for
non-attendance are prescribed. The legislative
power was necessary to give authority to these
courts to compel the attendance of witnesses. The
Secretary, however, say Senators, ought to have
prescribed such regulations as to have given the
retired officers a fair hearing. Then he must have
adopted rules for summoning witnesses and pre-
scribed penalties for non-attendance. The law was
silent. Suppose he had. Is it not palpable tliat
such regulations would have been a usurpation
of judicial power, subjecting him to the severest
animadversion, and entirely in contravention of
the plainest principles of republican liberty which
separate the powers of the different departments
of Government? The inquiry might well then
have been made: upon what meat doth this Sec-
retary of the Navy feed?
I repeat, the board had no essential element in
its construction analogous to courts of common
law. It was to make a careful examination and
report to the Secretary the names and rank of all
officers who, "in the judgment of the board," shall
be incapable of performingpromptly and efficiently
all their duty, both ashore and afloat; and when-
ever the board " shall believe" that sufficient blame
for his incompetency attaches to the officer they
are to recommend his name to be stricken from
the rolls. Suppose a record of the reasons is to
be kept, it certainly could not be perfect without
spreading out all the reasons of every member of
the board for his judgment. Would not such a
book present the queerest specimen of a record
I that ever was made up in any court? No such
a record was contemplated, and it is incompre-
hensible to me why such a record should be called
for.
But, Mr. President, the object of the law is
very evident. The Navy needed reform. Accord-
ing to presidential usage and precedents in our
history, Congress was invoked to aid the Presi-
dent in this reform in a summary manner. Courts-
martial, courts of inquiry, and the ordinary exer-
cise of executive power, had failed. A summary
board of advice from the Navy was constituted
to recommend the retirement of inefficient officers;
and it seems to me absurd to insist that the Sec-
retary of the Navy, (who, by the statute, has a
discretion,) by failing to prescribe the regulations
that usually attach to courts of common law, has
violated the principles of justice or the spirit of
our institutions whereby the proceedings had
under the law are void.
Then what is to be done? The experience and
research of the Committee on Naval Affairs,aided
by the Secretary of the Navy, have presented the
bill on your table as a remedy for any cases of
error or injustice, while we retain and secure all
the beneficial effects of the law and its adminis-
tration. I entirely concur in the spirit which
seems to actuate the committee. They suggest
a liberal course to the retired officers, while they
seek to sustain the policy which has promoted
the efficiency of the Navy.
The bill proposes a court of inquiry in all cases
where any retired officers may request it, to be
governed by the laws and regulations governing
courts of inquiry, to ascertain the efficiency of
those complaining, and that the court shall report
the facts and their opinion to the President for
his consideration and action. It further provides
a temporary suspension of the law limiting the
number of officers; and that the dropped officers
not restored are to receive one year's pay; a
transfer from the furlough to the reserved-pay
list; and it repeals the clause rendering reserved
officers ineligible to promotion. Now, here is a
remedy for any error, and the provision for the
officers is liberal. If this open investigation into
personal or professional character is desired by
any officer, ne will have a full and fair opportu-
nity under the law in force since 1800 authorizing
courts of inquiry; and I feel well assured that the
President and Secretary of the Navy will not
only cooperate, but cheerfully aid in doing ample
and csmplete justice to any officer who has been
inadvertently, improperly, or even designedly
retired without just cause.
It is objected, however, that this court will bo
composed of Navy officers, and that those com-
plaining will be subjected to the same envious
and interested influences that controlled the naval
board. To whom, then, will you confide this
inquiry? To a court of civilians? To a com-
mittee of either or both branches of Congress ?
Has the Navy become so corrupt—have all the
officers become so degraded, that an inquiry can-
not be safely confided to a court of naval officers
to report upon the efficiency of naval officers ? I
cannot believe it. Concede it, and can you more
seriously detract from, or condemn,the personnel
| of the Navy? It may, however, be prudent to
place on this court a portion of the members from
civil life.
The bill further provides for the establishment
of a corps, to be called " the scientific corps of the
Navy," to be composed of one captain, two com-
manders, ten lieutenants,and seven masters, taken
from the active and reserved lists, to which shall
be assigned all duties pertaining to the Naval
Observatory, and all scientific duties connected
with the naval service. I confess this feature of
the bill has not commended itself so strongly
to my judgment. 1 am hot so well satisfied of the'
propriety of creating this new corps, although I
nave great confidence in the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
There is, however, one provision of the bill
for which I cannot vote. I allude to the sixth
section creating the grade of admiral. It is charged
that this is inserted with the expecflfcion that the
office will be conferred upon Commodore Stewart.
No one appreciates more highly than I do the
character of that distinguished man, and I honor
, him for his patriotic and faithful services to the
