m
1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&M
mm
Mr. CLAY. I wish to offer an amendment to
the amendment of the committee; after the words
" La Plata and its tributaries," to insert, " and
the officers of *he late Japan expedition under
Commodore Perry," so as to give them the same
pay proposed to Be given to the officers of other
expeditions.
Mr. MALLORY. I will ask my friend from
Alabama to offer that as a separate amendment
without tackingit to this. Let us have the ques-
tion 011 the amendment of the Committee, and
then take it on the other by itself.
Mr. CLAY. 1 object to that. If these men
are to be paid, I think the officers in the Japan
expedition, under Commodore Perry, ought to
be paid too. So far as I can learn, they rendered
about the same kind of service and as much ser-
vice as those who surveyed the La Plata. At all
events, they incurred as great expense and cer-
tainly greater danger; and if we may trust the
book of Commodore Perry himself, they were
engaged in the survey of Loo Choo and other
islands, and the Bay of Jeddo and others, and J.
cannot see any reason for discrimination against
them. You paid Commodore Perry, as I under-
stand, $20,000, and gave him a thousand copics
of the work of his, worth forty dollars a copy,
which, in the aggregate, amounts to $40,000.
Here you will have paid him $60,000 for his ser-
vices. You have ignored the existence of any
other officer in that expedition. They have never
received a cent of compensation, while Commo-
dore Perry has been lionized and munificently
rewarded.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I explained that it was
expressly stated by the committee who recom-
mended furnishing that thousand copies to Com-
modore Perry, that they were not for his own
use, but for distribution among his naval officers.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the Senator whether the
law under which he received them so declared.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not so declare.
Mr. CLAY. Then there is no obligation on
him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not to be presumed
that an officer of as high honor as Commodore
Perry will put into his own pocket what was
designed for others.
Mr. SLIDELL. Permit me to make a single
remark on that point. Commodore Perry, in
conjunction with the Appletons, is about issuing
a compendium of this book on a smaller scale.
He thinks himself fairly entitled to any advan-
tage which may be legitimately derived from the
great mental labor and time he has devoted to the
preparation of this book. I think, and I believe
gentlemen will concur with me in'the opinion I
am about to express, that there is nothing in the
slightest degree improper in Commodore Perry's
deriving any peculiar advantage from that source.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not refer at all to
any publication Commodore Perry may have on
hand in connection with other people, but simply
the thousand copies of the book published by
Congress which were furnished to him.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 merely state this fact to
avoid misapprehension. The Appletons are pub-
hailing a book on a smaller scale, which contains
all the materials of the expedition, and I presume
some illustrations, and that is for his own profit.
Mr. .FESSENDEN. I suppose there is no
objection to that.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. There is something
very curious to my mind m the sentimentsevolved
in this debate by many Senators. I am a mem-
ber of the Committee on Naval Affairs, and gave
my very hearty concurrence to the amendment
offered by the chairman, and- I thought I was
better grounded in doing that than honorable
Senators who oppose the proposition seem pre-
pared to admit. I thought I was pursuing en-
tirely the precedent which had been set in the case
of Commander Wilkes.and his brother officers
and seamen in his exploring expedition, and was
further fortified by the double pay which had been
given to the officers and soldiers of the army in
California, and the officers and seamen of the
Navy. I do not remember, although I was a j
member of Congress at the time, that any serious
opposition was interposed to that allowance, and
I cannot call to mind that there was any debate
on the subject. It is true the honorable Senator
from Georgia has attempted to discriminate be-
tween the extra allowance made for the land
service in California and that made to the officers
and seamen of the Navy. He thinks it is wholly
inadmissible for the naval service, on the very
ground on which the compensation was given to
the land service in California, because he says
provisions were high on land, and the officers
and soldiers had to pay large prices for subsist-
ence. Did not the same reason apply to the naval
service ? I should like to know on what ground
the Senator discriminates?
Mr. TOOMBS. The compensation of the sol-
diers was increased in California because it was an
expensive country at that time, and they had to
expend five dollars for every one they got; but that
reason did not apply to the sailors because none
went on shore except for a night or deserted, and
therefore those expenses did not apply to them.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I understand the
sailors were almost as much on shore as the lands-
men; their vessels were moored in a harbor al-
most all the time, unless when they were sent to
explore harbors or fight the Mexicans.
Mr. TOOMBS. There were but two ships,
and one of them never landed a man.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. They are frequent^
driven to land for supplies, and then Jack is at
liberty, under certain regulations, to go ashore,
and for anything he can buy on land he must pay
double price, as well as the officers and soldiers
of the land service. The naval officers there cer-
tainly came within the principle on which com-
pensation was allowed to the military officers.
There is no difference between the two services.
Both stand on the same foundation. What has
struck me as a little singular is, that gentlemen
allowed that to be passed without trouble, but
when we come to compensate more perilous and
more arduous services in the.se exploring expedi-
tions, say we will confine our bounty and libe-
rality to services in war, and are disposed to
allow nothing beyond ordinary compensation to
the officers and soldiers in these expeditions,
which add not only to the circle of geographical
and other knowledge, but extend the boundaries
of commerce, and add new resources to our
country and to the world. I have not looked
closely into the value of these expeditions; I have
only noticed the outline of them, and I consider
them of the greatest importance not only to our
own commerce, but to the world.
The honorable Senator from Georgia has a very
happy faculty sometimes of burlesquing prop-
ositions of this sort. He says the explorations
of the La Plata and its tributaries have made no
addition to geographical knowledge, because they
were known to schoolboys; and from the time of
the discovery of South America it was known
that these rivers flowed down from the Andes to
the ocean. So it was; and we had then more or
less laid down on our maps; but who knew any-
thing about the character of these rivers, the ob-
structions that existed, the sources of trade and
natural productions, and the branches of any of
them far up from their mouths ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Sir Charles Holcomb, in a
British man-of-war, went nine hundred miles up
the La Plata, three years ago.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. How many miles
is it from Buenos Ayrcs to the ocean r One hun-
dred and fifty miles. It is almost a sea up to that
point. At particular seasons of the year the main
river has been navigated, and no doubt is. I re-
member reading a very interesting account of the
Paraguay, and it opened not only new resources
of trade and products, but showed the natives
how to get them to market, and opened new
resources to American commerce.
Mr. TOOMBS. X can tell the Senator that we
sent two ministers to that very country who made
a treaty which we ratified two years ago. They
went up that river.
Mr. HELL, of Tennessee. This was an ex-
ploring expedition up that river, and I know that
was the first time it was known to navigation,
and it was made available. Whether Lieutenant
Page made that discovcryor not, I do not know.
I refer to it only as an example of the new lights
shed on the resources of countries in which we
have a deep interest. We supposed we had an
interest in exploring the river Amazon to know
what sources of wealth were there for the com-
merce of this country. So of the La Plata. These
expeditions are founded on a liberal policy. We
do not know but that some day or" other, accord-
ing to the ideas of the honorable Senator from
Georgia, we may annex all those countries oti the
La Plata; and when these ideas are becoming^ so
common, we should -get all Ithe information wq
can about those countries. We (should "b'e Vend-
ing pioneer companies there to explore and male©
settlements, and give the natives a good temper
and disposition for the proposed annexation.
[Laughter.] In this view there is great import-
ance and propriety in explorations of the Amazon
and La Plata. The Amazon, particularly, is of
great interest. The country which it waters is
almost a continent in itself. I do not now know
any books in which the same information can be
had in the form of an account of a traveler, as ia
given in our exploration of the Amazon.
But, sir, I rose to inquire how it is that gentle-
men are so sternly opposed to this allowance to
the officers concerned in this expedition, which
was in the utmost peril for months', who made
no opposition to the extra pay to the officers
and soldiers engaged in land service on the Pa-
cific during the Mexican war. I insist there is
no distinction in the principle between them
except this: one was for service performed in a
war by the result of which we acquired Califor-
nia by paying for it; and the other is an addition
to the pay of officers and seamen who exposed
their lives in this expedition, whose privations
were infinitely greater. The persons who served
in California could get supplies at a certain*. -
price; but these men had to suffer for the want -
of supplies. They penetrated into unknown
regions far beyond the Japan seas; and, as the
honorable Senator from Florida has stated, cor-
rected charts, and enlarged the bounds of the
knowledge of the people living on those shores
themselves. They penetrated through fields of
ice to a higher latitude' than any navigator is
known to have ever proceeded in the world be-
fore. These officers have one consolation, one
gratification, one reward—the honor and glory
they may expect to derive from their conduct in
the history of the enterprises and discoveries of
this country in unknown portions of the globe.
They have done more. They have opened new •
seas for our whaling vessels, brought to light,
I may say, a n-ew woikl, in these hyperborean
regions, which not only adds to the boundaries
of physical science, but adds to the resources of
all the nations of the globe, and more particularly
to our own.
Now, why will you stop here and say you will
indulge this liberal feeling no further; these gen-
tlemen may rest on the laurels and glory they
have acquired; but if they had gone'on to con-
quer some province, and had taken possession of
it in the name of the United States, and annexed
it to our country, or we were disposed to annex
it, they would be entitled to great reward. I
know honorable gentlemen say we have made a
bad precedent, and it is time to stop it; but I
trust the Senate will not be disposed to stop at
the point indicated here, and cut out these intrepid
men. Some of them have lost their lives; others
lost their health, and are never expected to re-
cover. All have come home in debt.
I think some of the members of the Senate are
under the impression thai the Committee on
Naval Affairs have perpetrated all these atrocities
of liberality, and have setup these bad precedents.
I am not certain that the Senator who now sits
in the chair [Mr. Mason] had not some hand in
the compensation and rewards meted out to Com4-*
modore Perry; but I am not disposed to imougn
the policy—I think it was right. Nor am 'dis-
posed to deny extra pay to the officers and sea-
men in Commodore Perry's squadron in those
seas, exposed to a new class of diseases, alto-
gether belonging to that climate. Some of them
have their healths permanently impaired in conse-
quence of it. I do not think they are entitled to
the same consideration as the men of the expedi-
tions which penetrated into the northern seas.
Still, I have no objection to making them compen-
sation for the exposure and privations underwent
during their long service. I believe they were
away and almost unknown to the world for two
or three years. They discovered no new land,
but made most valuable and important surveys,
and afforded the means of extending our com-
merce to that part of the globe. What may bo
the result of opening our trade with' China and
Japan, I know not. I have not so far acquainted
