1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
461
from Georgia this morning I take to mean noth-
ing more. I prefer so to construe his remarks,
and am persuaded he will not object to it. None
of us ought to be so hasty as to come now to a
final conclusion on the subject of these contro-
versies. We are to act judicially in regard to
a portion of it—this contested election; and it is
important that we should have some facts as well
as law to enable us to determine what is rightand
proper on that part of the subject, at any rate.
And, Mr. Speaker, it was in view of ascertain-
ing the law of the case that I urged the other day
that this question, so far as it was discussed in
the President's Kansas message, should go to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Gentlemen have made some reference to the
terms of this law here this morning. I imagine
that if they take the trouble thoroughly to inves-
tigate it, they will find that they have shot wide
of the mark in relation to the legal effect of cer-
tain things alleged here in reference to matters
transpiring in Kansas.
I hope this resolution will go again to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and that they may again bring
the matter before the House in such form as will
relieve it from the objections which may now be
well taken to their application. These contro-
versies ought to be fairly investigated, and in
such an open and even-handed way that all men
will see that what is done has been fairly and
justly done. Then you will effectually close the
mouth of even cavil captiousness itself.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 hope, Mr.
Speaker, that tho resolution may not be recom-
mitted, for I do not see that any good can possi-
bly come of a recommitment. I do not believe
that the committee will be able to ascertain and
state who are the witnesses and the only witnesses
who can and ought to be produced here on either
side. Some of the witnesses, whose attendance
maybe desired, and whom it may be thought best
to summon, may be absent, and it maybe neces-
sary to subpena others who may be supposed
to know substantially the same things. I feel very
confident, Mr. Speaker, that if this resolution be
recommitted the committee can come to no dif-
ferent result from that to which they have already
arrived. They have heard the application made,
and have decided that, in order that the facts in
the case may be ascertained, it is necessary and
proper that witnesses should be sent for whose
testimony cannot be procured ill any other way.
This is no very extraordinary or unusual power
that the committee asks. The power to send for
persons and papers has been given by Congress
to committees at every session. It has been given
in cases of this kind. Tt has been given in other
cases. When, in the last Congress, there was a
committee in relation to the Minnesota railroad
bill, a power was given to that Committee, in so
many words, and without any limitation, to send
for persons and papers; and the exercise of that
power was left fully and entirely in the discretion
of the committee. And so in relation to the Colt
pistol case, where a special investigating com-
mittee was raised, power was given to send for
persons and papers, and to examine witnesses.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Maine allow me to interrupt him at this point?
It is all very tiue that the House authorized the
Colt committee to send for persons and papers,
and it is quite true that, after they did send for
persons and papers, and when persons refused to
come before them and testify, this House sustained
such persons in their refusal, and put an end to
the investigation, deciding that it could not com-
pel them to come here.
Mr. WASHBURN". That may be true; but I
remember very well that the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Letcher] did ask for that power,
and it was granted him. I am not sure whether
any vote was taken upon the question, whether
the House could m such cases as that compel the
attendance of witnesses; but I recollet very well
he insisted and argued with great force from prin-
ciple and authority both, that there was power in
the House to compel the attendance of witnesses.
But whether or not it was competent for the House
to comply with the gentleman's request to its full
extent, it is clearly competent for it to send for, or
ask or invite the attendance of witnesses, that the
House may obtain the evidence of such persons
as will voluntarily g'ive it.
Now, sir, I need not instance the cases where
this power has been granted. It was given not
only in the cases already referred to, but it was
given in the Smithsonian investigation case and
in the Gardiner case. In these cases, and many
more, the power has been bestowed to send for
persons and papers; and are we to be told that
it is not proper and right to confer this authority
in cases where the rights and privileges of mem-
bers of this House are concerned ?
Sir, by the Constitution of the United States,
the House is to judge of the qualifications, of the
returns, and of the election of its members; and
that power, delegated to each House of Congress,
to decide for itself of the election of its members,
implies inevitably the power to procure the at-
tendance of witnesses; so that, if the power exists
in the case to which the gentleman from Virginia
alluded, it is clear, it is inevitable, it cannot be
disputed, that the power exists here. If we may
send for persons and papers in a case where men
are asking for favors at our hands, a fortiori, we
may where the privileges of tho House and the
rights of members are concerned.
And now, so far as the law of 1851 is concerned,
I have to say that, whatever may be the con-
struction given to it, it cannot be held to override
tho provisions of the Constitution of the United
States. It cannot control this House in the exer-
cise of its discretion. Whether the law of 1851
be construed to extend to the Territories or not,
it cannot preclude the House from sending, if it
chooses, for persons and papers, from a Territory
or anywhere else, to be used in a territorial case;
but, as I have said, Mr. Speaker, this is no ex-
traordinary power, nor does this application seek
an unusual exercise of the power.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson]
complained that I had indicated my belief that
it was the opinion of a majority of the people of
the United States that there was no legal Legis-
lature and no legal election in Kansas, and inti-
mated that by these remarks 1 had not failed to
express my own opinions. Sir, I apprehend that
there is not a man upon this floor who has not
some opinion as to what is the popular sentiment
of the country upon this subject. Docs the gen-
tleman from Virginia believe that I stated it
erroneously ? I have not said that I myself be-
lieve such sentiment to be correct. I have
not said that I myself believed there was no
law, no legal Legislature, and no legal election
in Kansas. I have said no such thing; but I
stated what I believed to be true of the opinions
of others, from what I have seen in the papers,
from the expressions I have heard from every
quarter, and from all the information I have been
able to gather. And because 1 said that, does it
follow that I have prejudged the case ? No, sir.
My only object was to state the reasons why we
should present the case here so as to satisfy and
quiet the public mind; and I hold it to be a good
reason why this power should be granted by the
House.
Mr. Speaker, does it imply, because I have
asked for information—because I have expressed
a solicitude that testimony in the case should be
taken, and, from the nature of the case, the only
testimony that can be obtained at this time—be-
cause I am in favor of obtaining the fullest inform-
ation it is possible to procure as to the merits of
the case, and those in favor of full, open, and
free discussion, that I have prejudged the case?
Rather have those, if any have, prejudged it who
are willing to try and decide it without any testi-
mony, or without the best which the nature of
the case affords.
Do gentlemen mean to urge that we should pro-
ceed to consider and decide this mighty, this mo-
mentous question, without the light of any testi-
mony whatever ? Sir, are gentlemen upon the
other side of the House willing—is any gentleman
holding n seat upon this floor willing that this
question should be throttled now in the outset?
Are they prepared to say to the country they
will obtain no information upon this subject when,
as I have said, a large proportion of the people
believe that there was no legal Legislature—that
there was no law in fact—that there was no
legislation—that the so-called Legislature was a
Legislature not of the Territory of Kansas, but
of the State of Missouri, sitting in Kansas? I do
not say that such, was the fact; but while so many
men, as we all know, in all parts of the country,
believe it, is it for us to say that we will not
inquire into it—that we will take no measures to
procure information—that we will not adopt the
only means in our power to obtain evidence such
as will satisfy the House and satisfy the coun-
try ?
Then, Mr. Speaker, having shown that this
is no unusual or extraordinary request—having
shown that, if the power is granted, its exercise
must be left to the discretion of the committee, if
anything is to be accomplished—1 will not detain
the House longer than to say a word more in ref-
erence to this law of 1851.
I would ask, whether there is any gentleman
here, any member of the House, who would say,
that if it could be proved to him clearly and con-
clusively that a sitting member held his seat by
votes improperly and illegally and fraudulently
given, and that the contestant was, beyond the
shadow of a doubt, entitled to his seat, upon the
merits that such contestant should be deprived of
his seat because it may be (not knowing of the
existence of this law of 1851) he failed to comply
with its provisions—is there a member who,
under these circumstances, would not only de-
prive the contestant of his scat, but virtually
disfranchise a majority of the people of his dis-
trict, for an accidental omission to give the notice
required by this law ? Is there any member of this
House who would be bound by such legislation,
in violation of the constitutional rights and duties
of the House ? I apprehend not.
Now, sir, the question, is General Whitfield
really elected or not, is a question affected vitally
by the question as to the legality of the law under
which he claims to have been chosen; and that is
a question for us to decide, and for no other tri-
bunal. We are the judiciary here; we are the
court of last resort; and we have all the power
that any court of exclusive and perfect jurisdic-
tion can have.
Mr. Speaker, I will not detain the House longer
on this subject; but, believing that sufficient has
been said upon it, and in accordance with the re-
quest of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
bell,] I will move the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman from
Maine let me submit an amendment, and then
call for the previous question ? I do not want to
make a speech.
Mr. WASHBURN. What is the amendment ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I am in favor of recommit-
ting the resolution, and shall vote for the motion
. of the gentleman from Georgia; but I desire to
| offer an amendment to the resolution, in the event
! thatthat motion shall be voted down. The amend-
ment I desire to propose is so to modify the res-
olution as to authorize the taking of depositions.
Mr. WASHBURN. Suppose you add the
words, "and depositions."
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, no !
Mr. STEPHENS. There is an amendment
already pending—my motion to recommit with
' instructions.
Mr. HOUSTON. I agree, very fully, with the
gentleman fromGeorgia, that the committee ought
to be called on to give written reasons for asking
the House to confcr this extraordinary power
upon them; but I feared that the previous ques-
tion might cut off an amendment, in case the mo-
tion to recommit should be voted down, and I
did not want the idea to go out that there was an
effort on the part of any gentlemen on this floor,
and especially on the part of gentlemen upon this
side of the House, to suppress an investigation.
No gentleman here proposes to " throttle" or to
suppress investigation. We only desire that this
contest shall be determined in a legal and proper
way, consistent with the rights of the contestants
and the dignity of the body.
I I am requested to say that, so far as the sitting
■ Delegate is concerned, he desires the most ex-
tended latitude of investigation into the merits of
his right to a seat.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman from
Maine to withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion. I would like, if the House would consent,
to postpone speaking to this question until the
morning, there arc .some papers which I should
like to read, which I have not now here. [Cries
of" No!"] If the House decline to do so, then
I do not ask the withdrawal.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the demand for the pre-
vious question be withdrawn, i insist that it
shall be withdrawn altogether. I should like tq
