1188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
versed with several of them on this subject; but
they, like myself, are not apprised that any such
amount of work has been done on 'he road from
Toolsboro', in which Mr. Schenck is interested.
JSTot a single man of them has ever heard of any-
thing having been done, that I know of. I do not
believe the spade has ever yet been put into the
ground to make this road. I believe it is nothing
else in God Almighty's world but a speculation—
a trap to force the roads from Davenport and from
Burlington to the Missouri river to buy them off.
Mfxiovr that my distinguished friend from Ken-
tucky will believe me when I say that I would
not utter a word here to do injury to the feelings
of any friend of his, much less to his own; but,
sir, when an outsider from the State of Ohio comes
to tell the people of Iowa how they shall lay
off- their roads, even though he does not ask
from the Government a grant of land, I will resist
it, though the whole State of Ohio, and all the rest
of the United States, should interpose; because I
am in favor of letting every State manage her
internal concerns as she pleases. If Congress
choose to give land to Iowa, I hope it will be given
to be disposed of in the construction of roads, as
the .Legislature of the State has requested by re-
peated petitions,and as asked by the petitions of
the people—the bona Jide people of me State of
Iowa, over and over again, ever since I took my
seat hereon the 26th day of December, 1848. No
petition, as far as I know, haiovcrcomo from the
people, and none from the Legislature, I am quite
certain, for agrant of land to Mr. Schenck's road.
This gentleman says that this road is being built
under the law of the State of iowa. What is
that law? It is a general law authorizing any
body of men to incorporate themselves to do any-
thing that they may please, for the prosecution
of any kind of work which they may choose to
undertake—for building, ifthoyploa.se, over again,
the tower of Babel. They can incorporate them-
selves by drawing up their articles of agreement,
and having them filed in the State Department.
That is the charter which he has. He has no
other in the world. He has never had the
authority of (he people of [own orof the people's
Legislature, or of lite repieseutaiives of Iowa—
not a single man of them—to a.sk for tins rood,
lie killed this bill with the influence of his friends
last year and the year before last, because we
•would not agree that his road should be inserted.
I said then to my colleagues, Mr. Dodge, Mr.
Henn, and Mr. John P. Cook—all honorable
men, though not agreeing in polities—that rather
than be controlled by the influence of any other
people than those of fowa in the construction of
our roads, I would let the land all go. 1 say so
now.
This land granted to Towa is not a gift. If it
be granted to the State of* Iowa—as it will have
been iaiily granted, if the President shall si:;n the
bill—the people of Iowa will pay money into the
Treasury for the land which they get, at the rate
of at least two dollars and fifty cents per acre.
Because of the enhanced value given to the re-
served sections which the Government holds, they
must sell for two dollars and fifty-rents per acie;
and if they are not granted for these roads, they
will be taken by bounty land speculators, who
will locate them with their warrants. "Warrants
for hundreds of thousands of acres are waitmgto
be sent off. Since the bill passed, dealers in bounty
land warrants have been to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, as I am informed, to
inquire of him whether it was not possible to put
off the orders for suspending sales, for two or
three days, in order that they might send out
their warrants and telegraphic dispatches to their
agents in Iowa, (the land warrant dealers—some
of whom are the best friends [ have m the world,)
directing them to locate on the lines of these
roads, taking advantage of the information given
to them by the Congress of the United States, in
passing the bill, in order to snatch from the State
of Iowa the lands intended to be granted to her
by Congress, under this bill.
I hope that the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky will not be agreed to. I hope so, because
it will give an opportunity to these bounty lnnd-
warrant dealers which I do not wish them to
have, and because I believe it will inflict serious
harm on the young and prosperous State of Iowa,
whose progress towards wealth and greatness I
The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigler]
came to me a few moments since, and said to me,
"Jones, why is it that you wish to make so many
roads parallel with each other across your State ?
Your State cannot sustain them.** "Why, my
dear sir," said I, " aproposition will be made in
a few moments by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky to have another parallel road ingrafted
on the bill as it passed the Senate on Friday last.''
Mr. Schenck, the petitioner, states that the
roads from Davenport and Burlington will inter-
fere with his road. I admit that. I admit that
they all cannot have- the same land; but what is
the history of the matter? The very first road
petitioned for, I believe, was that from Davenport
to the Missouri river, running through Ichva City,
the seat of government of our State, and Fort
Des Moines, to the Council Bluffs. That road
has had cars running on it from the Mississippi
river to Iowa City, our seat of government, ever
since October last. You can go from New York
or any part of this eastern country to our seat of
government on this very road, about sixty miles,
(which he says will interfere with his,) upon
which not hundreds of thousands, but millions
of dollars have been expended, and upon which
as good cars and as gqod locomotives arc travel-
ing three times a day, as <upon any road in the
United States. Shall that road now be made to
give way for the benefit of a speculative road—a
road that is made in the imagination of Mr.
Schenck, and not by any company or by the
work of any man ? I nope not. General John A.
Dix is the president of the Mississippi and Mis-
souri road, which runs from Davenport,'through
Iowa and Fort Des Moines, to the Missouri
river. lie heard in New York that Mr. Schenck
was trying to. have his road included in this bill;
and he has written to me a letter, which I will
read to the Senate:
New York, May 9, 1856.
Mv bfar Sir : Yours is just received. 1 cannot go to
Washington, especially :it tins tune.
Wc.uc astonished to learn that Mr. Thoungton has as-
sented to any amendment of the Iowa Kind bill, by which
the Mississippi and Missoim railroad, the pioneer outci prise
m lowa, is iobe depnved of all paitieipation in its benefits.
I had a letter irom Mr. J. O. Sai{*entyosterday,stating that
it was to be so amended as to refer to the Legislature to de-
cide between the Davenport ami Tookboto' line, and that
Mi. Tho, uigton had assented to it. I inclose jou a copy of
m\ answei.
We lenard it as unjust, and, indeed, as an utter disregard
of our acknowledged claims ; and 1 liave no doubt it will
be so eonsideied in Iowa.
I see by the lieiald's report of the proceedings in the
House of Representatives that the hill has passed, but m
what shape is not stated. We must rely on you, as the
lepiesentative of the State, to see that justice is done to us.
We have telegraphed to Iowa, and if the btU has passed
with such an amendment as the one referred to, we must
aslc that no action bo bad on it in the Senate till we can
commutm-ate with you personally.
I am, dear sir, smeeroiy yours, JOHN A. DIX.
Hon. IrFomsK W. Jones.
This is what is said by the president of that
pioneer road, upon which the cars are running,
as I have before said, three times a day backwards
and forwards, and which is as good a road and
as well constructed as any in the United States.
Arc you to make this actual road give way for
Mr. Schenckprojected one?
What did the Senator from Illinois say the
other day5 lie said that Illinois, it was true,
would bo glad to have this road made through
that State—what they callthe " air-line" railroad.
It is an air line drawn on a map, I admit, with
black lines, with pen and ink; but that is all that
is drawn. The Senator from Illinois said, what
every State-rights man ought to say, that Illinois
would not interfere with Iowa in directing the
construction of her roads or other internal affairs.
I believe the Senator from Kentucky would feel
indignant at any Ohio man who would say to the
people of his State, they should not construct a
railroad from Louisville to Lexington by way of
; Frankfort, but should by some other route more
convenient or agreeable to Ohio. I know he
would tell the people in Ohio to attend to their
own business, and that Kentucky would attend
to hers.
Mr. President, if the Senate design to give Mr.
Schenck a grant of land to build his railroad, let
the Senator from Kentucky, or any other friend
whom he may find here who desires to serve him,
bring in a bill to make a grant of land to that
road, and let the country see whether the Senate
is willing to favor it. As a Senator from Iowa,
i will resist a grant of land to my State for that
road. My Legislature has instructed me to ask
for a grant of land for a railroad from a point
opposite Prairie du Chien, in the State of Wis-
consin, to the Missouri river; and for another
grant for a railroad from Keokuk, in the State of
Iowa, by way of Iowa City, to Dubuque, where
I myself reside. Thpse two roads have been
prayed for by petitions from the people,and from
the Legislature, for the last eight, ornine, or ten,
years. I, as an honest Senator—as the friend
of my State, even if I had not been so instructed,
should feel obliged to support these two roads;
and I will do it before going for any others, though
they be desired by the whole of the people of Il-
linois, Indiana, and Ohio.
I hope that the Senate will not listen to this
proposition. The bill has been passed by a large
vote; and passed, I think, after sufficient discus-
sion. Six months, at least, were consumed in
discussing the Illinois Central Railroad bill. All
the points that could be made in relation to grants
of land for such purposes were debated freely and
fully on that proposition; and the same discus-
sion might be had over again in the Senate if the
opportunity were afforded in this case. Every
Senator who was here at the time recollects what
that discussion was; and those who were not here
must have read it, or can read it in the Globe
whenever they please to do so. The result of
that Illinois grant has shown that the Treasury
of the United States has made an immense amount
of money, which it never would have made other-
wise, in. consequence of it. Government lands
which had been m the market, in Illinois, for
forty or fifty yeais, have risen in price to $2 50
an acre. The granted lands are sold, now, at a
minimum price of not less than ten dollars an
acre by the Illinois Central Railroad Company.
The United States Government, if it chose to
raise the price, could get ten dollars per acre for
the lands on the line of that road. Why ? That
road traverses the center of the State, from Cairo
to Chicago, and to Dubuque, Iowa. Before its
construction the land was almost useless to the
farmers of that State, because they could not get
their produce to market. I have paid taxes
myself, and my father before me, for the last thirty
odd years, on lands in Illinois which were en-
tirely worthless to us—which were of no use-in
God's world, though as rich, intrinsically, as any
under the sun—until the Illinois Central Railroad
bill was passed; and now they have become valu-
able, and 1 hope to get back my money, paid for
taxes, &c., from them.
Mr. President, I will say no more on this sub-
ject at present, unless I see a disposition on the
part of the Senate to agree to the motion of my
honorable friend from Kentucky.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have but a very few
words to say. The Senator from Iowa may be
assured that no mere personal feeling for myself,
or a friend of mine, induced me to take part in
this matter. Indeed, I have no other purpose in
moving in tho matter except that justice may be
done. It will hardly be supposed that my object
in making this motion is for the purpose of adding
more roads. I certainly very distinctly disclaimed
any purpose of that sort, and rather complained
(though I voted for this bill) of the magnitude and
multiplicity of the grants which we were obliged
to make to roads in the new States for their pe-
culiar benefit and advantage. When the sugges-
tion was made to which the gentleman has alluded,
that the object of referring the bill was to have
another road added to it, I expressed a hope that
no such purpose as that induced the desire to
have*Vreference of this bill.
The statements which were made to me after
the passage of the bill (for which, notwithstand-
ing all my objections, I voted) induced me to
believe that injustice had been done—perhaps
thoughtlessly, and through forgetfulness of ar-
rangements, which I understood were supposed
; to exist between the gentlemen friendly to these
| four roads, and to the fifth road. At any rate, I
thought that if, as represented, we had gianted
away to theso four railroads—railroads in con-
templation only themselves to some extent, and
to a very large extent—the very ground on which
the fifth one was to run, we had done injustice—we
had stopped up their way. They have authority
of law for making a rail road in the manner which
the gentleman has described, under a general act
