452
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 30,
34th Cong....! st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Adams.
Senate.
investigate into the moral character of the Presi-
dent of the United States and his Cabinet, you
mifht select fifteen ot the purest nien that lives,
without any interest in their decision but the
desire to act honestly. What would be the con-
sequence if it were understood that individuals
could come before the board and make charges
which were to be kept a secret, and which the
President and his Cabinet should have no oppor-
tunity of examining? So far from retiring or
furlough ins; one or two, every one of them would
be dropped. Do you not know it, sir? Does
not every Senator know it? It is clearly and
indisputably understood. Yet this was the mode
which was adopted to affect rights more sacred
than life itself.
The honorable Senator from North Carolina
compared the investigation of the board to that
of a grand jury. It is true that grand juries hold
their meetings in secret; but what do they do ?
Sir, there is not a constitution of one of these
United States which does not require, when the
grand jury has passed upon a case, and indicted
a man upon a one-sided examination, that the
witnesses shall confront the accused, and state to
his face whatever charges they may have against
him, giving him an opportunity to introduce wit-
nesses to rebut them. The example of a grand
jury cannot be cited as a precedent for the course
nere pursued.
If this were designed as a grand jury—and that
I apprehend was contemplated by the law—the
board might have held their consultations in secret,
but could not have acted on their own information
alone. Who supposed that in sustaining this law
he was voting for a measure under which a board
of fifteen men were to act on the character, the
reputation, and the prospects in life, of their fel-
low-officers—not on testimony by affidavit or
otherwise, but on their own personal knowledge
or prejudice ?
It is said by gentlemen who are sustaining the
action of the board, that the law did not require that
they should report to the President the grounds
of their action, but only the names and rank of
those who should be retired and dropped. Was
it contemplated by the passage of tnis law that
the President was to be a mere automaton ? Was
he to have no discretion ? If so, why did you
give him any ? What was contemplated by the
law ? The Secretary of the Navy tells us that
the action of the board was merely " advisory;"
that they were supposed to be more familiar with
the capacity of officers for the discharge of their
duty ashore and afloat than others, and that they
were to report the names of those who should be
retired and dropped. Itis true the law does not,
in terms, require them to report the grounds of
their action; nor does it require them to act hon-
estly. If because the law did not require them
to report the reasons for their recommendations,
they ought not to have been compelled to giye
reasons, it also follows, from the same line of ar-
gument, that as the law did not require them to
act honestly, they should have acted otherwise.
Both conclusions follow on the same rule of con-
struction. Every necessity growing out of the
character of the power conferred on the President
showed that the board was to report the facts, so
that the President could have a supervisory ex-
amination of all the statements laid before him.
He was to approve or disapprove their finding.
When the facts which were stated to him were
equally balanced, he could, if he thought proper,
warn tne accused that accusations had been made
against him^rnd that he would be removed unless
they ♦ere explained. That was contemplated
by the law. That would have been justice. That,
I say, was the object of the law, in requiring a
report to be made to the President.
But, sir, what was the conduct of the board?
I have nothing to say against its members. I
shall not consume the time of the Senate with
any remarks as to the impropriety of a law which
provided for a board composed of men who were"
interested, to a greater or less extent,in a portion
of its decisions, to say the least. I know that it
is argued that they were more competent than
others for this task, and that civilians were not
competent judges of the questions devolved on
this board. If so, why did you refer the matter
to the President? He is not, and never was, a
naval officer. Why do you refer such questions
to the Secretary of the Navy ? He is not, and
never was, a navat officcr. Any civilian in the
community is just as good a judge when he hears
the evidence in reference to these questions, as a
naval officer, particularly when persons are com-
pelled to make their statements under the obliga-
tions of an oath.
This is an objection to the law, but I shall not
consume time in discussing its merits. It has
been passed, but I say it has not been executed.
The President's action is based on the supposi-
tion of a " careful examination" by the board,
which I think I have shown, in a very few words,
has not yet taken place. When you look to his
order, and to his whole action, you find that it
is based on this supposition. If that examina-
tion has not taken place, I ask if the whole sub-
sequent proceeding is not void for want of notice,
and for want of a careful examination ? No man,
from the few lights which have come to the Sen-
ate—the message of the President, the report of
the Secretary of the Navy, and the report of the
Committee on Naval Affairs—will pretend to say,
that there has been such a careful examination as
was contemplated by the law. This is sufficient
for me; for, as was shown by the Senators from
Georgia and Kentucky, until that examination
has taken place, the whole proceeding is null and
void.
It is said, however, by the Senator from North
Carolina, that the President has a constitutional
poWer to dismiss from office any man whom he
pleases, and that we are in the daily habit of see-
ing men dismissed without notice from positions
to which they are appointed for political consid-
erations. That is true. It has become a portion
of the common law of the land, and I regret to
say, very much to the detriment of pure prin-
ciples and honest republican government, that
political service entitles a man to political office.
But what influence should that have on the Navy ?
When boys enter the Navy, they do it on what
has always been considered the common law of
the land, and what is admitted by the Senator
from North Carolina to be the practice of this
Government, that they are entitled to their posi-
tion in the Navy so long as they are able to dis-
charge their duties properly, or until they violate
some law, or are guilty of some moral delinquency.
I shall not detain the Senate by discussing the
, importance to the Navy of having it understood
i that a man who enters the service is to remain in
; it as long as he performs his duties faithfully.
Sir, what parent would suffer his son to enter the
Navy if^ie knew that he was to be turned out on
every change of Administration ? Is the system
to be inaugurated in this country that the Army
or Navy is to be controlled by the President for
the time being according to his political whims
or opinions ? If so, your Army and Navy will
be buried, and should be justly buried, forever.
When men have received offices under a recog-
nized principle of the Government, it is bad faith
to deprive them of their rights, unless for proper
cause.
Now, sir, I wish to bring to the notice of the
Senate another branch of the manner in which
the law is said to have been executed. The
Senator from North Carolina read the instruc-
tions given by the Secretary of the Navy to the
board, in which it is stated that moral delin-
quency was such an objection as would justify
the dismissal of a man. Let us examine the law 1
in the light in which it has been construed; and
I ask Senators if there is a single member of this
body who would have voted for such a law ? If
it had contained language which was necessary
to carry out the idea embraced in the instructions
of the Secretary, would any man here have voted
for it ? Suppose the law had provided, in terms,
that fifteen officers selected by the Secretary of
the Navy, to constitute a board to pass on the
efficiency of their brother officers, should hold ,
their consultations and examinations in secret,
and that the men accused should have no oppor-
tunity of hearing or explaining the charges ■
against them—that men's moral character should
be a subject of investigation without their having
notice of it: I ask if there is a single Senator
here who would have supported it ?
In regard to a right so sacred to every man
who was worthy to have a character, would any
Senator have TOted for a law providing for a
secret investigation, where a man's bitterest ene-
mies might come before a board, and in the vilest
manner slander and traduce him, without his
having any knowledge of it, or being allowed to
hear anything about it? I take it for granted
that there is not a Senator here who would have
supported such a law—not one who dreamed at
the time that so sacred a question as a man's
character should be investigated by this board,
and rules adopted by which, when he inquired,
" Why am I disgraced ?" he is told, " That is a
matter of secret consideration." I am convinced
that there cannot be a Senator here who would
have voted for such a measure; and yet you are
now called upon to sanctify it, and to sustain a
groposition which will recognize that proceeding,
ir, I will not recognize it in any shape or form.
I believe the whole proceeding is null and void,
from the appointment of the board. If no other
Senator makes a proposition, I shall myself
present one to repeal the law; and lit the same
time declare it to be the sense of the Congress of
the United States that, inasmuch as the " careful
examination" contemplated by the law has not
yet been had, the whole proceeding is null and
void.
It is said, however, that this will entail a very
great evil on the country. I do not know whether
this be so or not. I dislike to do anything which
would produce evil consequences, or injure the
naval service; but I dislike still more to do a pal-
pable wrong to any human being, or to recognize
the principle upon which this proceeding has
taken place. If you could convince me to-day
that this board did not make a solitary mistake,
I should still be compelled to say, with my views
of the law and the manner in which it has been
attempted to be carried out, that the whole pro-
ceeding is a nullity; and I would vote to restore
the Navy to its former condition, let the conse-
quences be what they may, upon the ground that
there can be no evil equal to that which must
come upon the country if such examples are to
be set and regarded as precedents. Such a thing
has never been known before in the institutions
of any State, in the inquisitions of any country
under the sun, as to try a man in so vital a matter
as his character, and yet, by the very arraignment
which you make, declare that he shall have no
knowledge whatever of the charges against him,
and no opportunity of refutingf them- I would
restore the Navy to its former position before I
would recommend such a precedent as that, which
is so fraught with evil, ana so odious to every sen-
timent of the American heart, and to the feelings
of honorable men in every country. It is one
which I cannot by my vote sanction, either di-
rectly or indirectly.
The Senator from North Carolina tells us that
the examination of the board was a careful ex-
amination. He says, as I understand him, that
they acted on their own information; that these
fifteen, men we e supposed to know sufficient of
the character, position, and standing of the seven
hundred officers in the Navy to justify a finding
in regard to each one of them; and he thinks this
was justified by the law. 1 do not so read the
law. I understand it to mean that they could
adopt any mode which might be necessary to
obtain correct information as to the efficiency of
naval officers, by affidavits, ex parte or otherwise,
but not on their own evidence alone. What, how-
ever, do we discover was their mode of proceed-
ing ? It is said they had access to the documents
in the Navy Department. How did they act ?
Upon that point 1 beg leave to allude to the case
of Lieutenant Maury by way of illustration,
though I do not like to allude to him, for he has
already been well abused, and ably defended.
It appears from the argument which has been
adduced, that Lieutenant Maury was retired on
account of a disability received sixteen years ago;
and, according to the speech of the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] it was at one time his
own opinion and his physician'^opinion that
that disability would be permanent. The Sena-
tor from North Carolina says that the law con-
templated an examination of the efficiency of an
officer at the time when the sittings of the board
took place. I admit it. Here, then, was Lieu-
