462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
discuss the question, but I have forborne to do so;
but, I do not want to see the floor farmed out.
The SPEAKER The Chair will state, that
when the call for the previous question is with-
drawn, it is withdrawn altogether. The gentle-
man on the floor, after the call is withdrawn, is
at liberty to renew it or not, as he pleases. Does
the gentleman from Maine withdraw the call?
' Mr. WASHBURN. I do not.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. STANTON. I would inquire whether
the previous question does not cut off the motion
of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
to recommit ?
' The SPEAKER. Not under the rules of the
House. The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Hickman,] who reported the resolution, is now
entitled, under the rules of the House and accord-
ing to its usage, to close the debate.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker, I propose, in
what I have to say upon the question now before
the House, to address myself directly to the argu-
ment which has been advanced by the honorable
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens;] and I
will state here that, upon the main question of the
contested right, I have formed no opinion, and I
propose to form none until I shall have before mc
the reliable facts necessary for the formation of
such an opinion as I may safely rest upon. To
enable me to do so, I have joined with the com-
mittee in asking the passage of the resolution
which I took occasion to introduce this morning.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) I rise to pre-
sent to the Chair a point of order in connection
with the remarks of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. The rule that authorizes the member
reporting a matter from a committee to debate it
after debate has been arrested so far as other
members are concerned, has always been con-
strued—I think without a solitary ruling to the
contrary—to apply after a motion to commit has
been disposed of. If the House should determ-
ine against recommitting in this case, then the
gentleman would have a right to his closing speech.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the privilege is granted to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania in accordance with the usage of the
House. The Clerk will read the decision by which
the Chair is influenced.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The question then recurred on the demand for the pre
vioua question, which was seconded, and the mam question
ordered to be put. x\Ir. Gorman having risen for the pur-
pose of closing the debate, Mr. Clinoman made the point
of order, that it was not competent lot the gentleman to
debate the question further at this tune, the question before
the House being a motion to refer the proposition reported
by inm to a committee. The Speaker overruled the point
of ouler, on the ground that the 34th rule of the House con-
ferred the power upon a member reporting the measure
under consideration fiom a committee to open and close
tiie debate."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Suppose the House
refuse to recommit: the question will then come
up on the adoption of the resolution; and will the
gentleman have the right then to make another
speech ?
The SPEAKER. He will not.
Mr. SMITH. If that be the case, then, has not
the gentleman who makes the motion to recommit
the right to close the debate on that motion?
The SPEAKER. The rule of the House takes
effect when debate is'closed; and debate having
been closed by ordering the mam question to be
put, the Chair accorded the floor to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. HOUSTON. I had not looked into the
decisions; I merely spoke from recollection.
There is an evident distinction between the case
read by the Clerk and the one now before the
House. The object of the 34th rule was to pro-
tect the gentleman who made the report in his
right to close the debate on it. The proposi-
tion in the case read was to commit the whole
subject-matter to some other committee; and if it
had carried, it would have taken it from the juris-
diction of the committee of which Mr. Gorman
was a member and deprived him of the privileges
of the 34th rule. In this case the proposition is
to recommit to the same committee. If it goes
there, when it comes back the gentleman can then
exercise his right.
" The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has the right to
debate when the main question is ordered
to be put; that the rule takes effect at this time,
for if the resolution is recommitted, the gentle-
man will be deprived of opportunity to speak to
the question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all; the resolution
can come back again.
"Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
address myself to the argument of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens;] but before I ad-
vert to his remarks I desire to state that I have
formed no opinion as to the merits of the main
controversy. I shall not form an opinion as to
which of the gentlemen from Kansas should oc-
cupy a seat upon this floor until I shall be put in
possession of facts upon which I can safely rely.
I am unwilling to make up a judgment upon any
thing short of competent proof. Other gentle-
men must act as they see proper in this respect,
but I consider the question to be determined of
too much importance to be disposed of by a
summary process, and without evidence. In
this matter I am not satisfied with any opinions
made up from the newspapers of the day. I
imagine they are all highly colored, if not grossly
exaggerated. Whatever may suit the conven-
ience of other gentlemen, I beg leave for myself
to say, that I shall form no opinion forGovernor
lteeder or against him, for General Whitfield or
against him, without evidence of the most unim-
peachable and reliable diameter. It is the right,
not merely of the aggregate members of this
House, but of each individual member, to de-
mand that the fullest testimony shall be produced
in reference to rights claimed. Of what avail is
it to us that this paper has proclaimed one fact,
and that paper another? Can we be asked to J
determine solemn questions of right on such
evidence?
Of what use will it be to recommit this matter
to the Committee of Elections, as proposed by
the gentleman from Georgia? What further or
fuller record can they make which will give addi-
tional light to this House'1 Has not Governor
Reeder stated in his memorial that the election
under which General Whitfield claims to hold
his seat is an illegal election—that there is no
warrant of law for such an election—and that in
the pretended election hundreds of illegal votes
were cast? And has not he stated in that memo-
rial, what we are bound to take notice of, that
he is unable to make—and therefore excuses him-
self from making—further specifications, for the
reason that he was unable to obtain, from the ex-
ecutive office of the Territory, certain papers or
copies of papers necessary for him in making out
the proof of those facts? Now, sir, the House is
in possession of that memorial, and are, therefore,
in possession of the solemn allegation of the con-
testant, that he cannot be more particular than he
has been. Will it not, then, be idle for the com-
mittee to attempt to define that which the con-
testant himself is unable to define, by reason of
the public offices of the Territory being closed
against him? It will not, therefore, profit us to
recommit this resolution.
But, sir, upon the merits of the resolution itself,
we are told that the act of 1851 binds <he com-
mittee down, and that they are restrained, if I
understand the argument which has been ad-
vanced here, in their investigations to matters
i which shall be made known to them through
depositions taken in the Territory, because that
act simply prescribes that the testimony may be I
adduced m that form, and by those means. Now,
sir, as I look at that act, inasmuch as it refers by
its terms to members of the House, it is inapplicable
to the Territory of Kansas, or to any other Ter-
: ritory. The Delegate from a Territory is in no
; sense a member of this House. Its very terms
i would exclude it from the application contended
for. Suppose it is applicable, has notthe memorial
of the contestant here been sufficiently minute and
explicit in its terms ? Has not he stated every-
thing which that act of Congress requnes? Has
he not said, as the first ground upon which he
contests the seat of his opponent, that there is no
law under which an election of this kind could be
held? Hns he not alleged the further ground that,
at the election, several hundreds of illegal votes
were cast? Would you require of him, then, m
the face of his positive assertion, that the public
offices of the Territory are closed against him, that
| he shall give the names of the individuals who
' cast those illegal;Votes. Why, sir, you will not
ask any man claiming a seat here to perform that
whieh it is impossible for him to perform. I con-
tend, therefore, that Governor Reeder has done"
everything in this respect which the act of Con-
gress demands of him.
But, sir, suppose tbat act binds us, in the first
instance, to make our inquiries simply by depo-
sitions, does it by any means follow that we are
precluded from other species of proof* If a court
of law makes its rules in regard to depositions,
does it necessarily preclude the presentation of
witnesses before the court itself? Do 1 under-
stand it to be contended here, that, because this
law of Congress provides for taking depositions
in a contested case, that therefore this House is
incapable of resorting to other species of proof?
I trust that no such argument as that will be
resorted to, because I conceive that it is perfectly
untenable. The Constitution, which gives to this
House the power of judging of the election and
qualification of its members, on the very ground
assumed by the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Taylor,] entitles the committee to what is here
asked; for, as the major includes the minor, all
other incidental powers necessary to the exercise
of that power are necessarily given to them.
But, sir, we are told that Governor Reeder, by
issuing certain certificates to certain members of
the Legislature of Kansas, and by his official
message to that body, has admitted that they were
a legal body, competent to make legal enactments,
and that, therefore, both ho and the people of the
Territory are estopped by those acts. How do
we know that Governor Reeder has issued ccrtain
certificates of election to certain members of the
Kansas Legislature? How do we know that he
communicated a message to that body? Have
we any competent proof of those facts? There
is no proof of the kind; and when members al-
lege them as existences, th'ey derive those exist-
ences from the very sources to which 1 have al-
luded—the newspaper reports of the day—which
I myself am not willing to be governed by. But,
sir, suppose he did the very acts which it is here
contended he has done, will it be pretended that
he is estopped thereby? And if so, will it be pre-
tended that the citizens of Kansas are estopped
by those acts of his?
Mr. STEPHENS, (interrupting.) The gen-
tleman asks where we get the evidence of the
acts of Reeder. He says we get them from the
newspapers. I tell the gentleman that, so far as
I am concerned, I get the evidence from the jour-
nal published by authority of the Legislature of
Kansas, of which we ore, sitting as a court, to
take the same notice as we do of the journals of
State Legislatures; or, in other words, as we
would take notice of a public law. Here is the
book, and there is the message—several of them
—and finally the message m which he assigns
his reasons for no longer recognizing the author-
ity of the Territorial Legislature; that is, that
they had adjourned, as I stated before, from
Pawnee City to Shawnee Mission.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to ask this ques-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia: Does not
the memorial before the committee and before the
House state not only on behalf of the contestant
himself, but on behalf of the whole people of the
Territory of Kansas, that the Legislature whose
journal you read from is not the Legislature of
the people of Kansas, but of a legislative body
imposed upon the people of Kansas by the votes
of persons not resident m Kansas ?
Mr. STEPHENS. That is what the memo-
rialist has told us; and yet that is where I say he
is estopped by his official act, which we have got
here, and which we are bound to take notice of.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman does not
take my point. The document from which he
reads is put forth by the very legislative assem-
bly , the existence of which is put in issue here as
a matter of fact.
Mr. STEPHENS. The memorialist has not
denied that he made these messages, which are
of public record, and which we take notice of. If
the memorialist denies that, then I will go to any
extent you wish. But he does not put that issue
before us.
Mr. HICKMAN. Here, Mr. Speaker, is a
book, and of what more use is it to us in a legal
investigation than any other book ?* Or what better
proof is it before a court, or before a legislative
body, than a newspapei itself? Where does it
