1856.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45 
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Slavery—Mr. Bujjirtton.
Ho. or Reps.
tenant Maurv in msrhtof the board, sixteen years ]
after he K-ceivrd "the injury, which it ia said
formed the foundation tor their action. No
human brine pretends that they investigated his
present condition, but they went back sixteen
years to a"* what was his disability then, and
they sar that his nhvBician stated at that time
thai he was disabled, and that he believed it
himself. This may all be correct; but is that a
careful examination ? Is not that enough of itself
to destroy the confidence of the country in all
their action ? The fact that they were to be pro-
moted by their own findings placed them in such
a position as to make it impossible not to bring
on them invidious remarks and the suspicion of
improper motives. TVy must have known that
they were liable to thilharge. Here, then, when
it was so convenient for them to examine into the
present condition of this officer, in sight of him,
they preferred to go back sixteen years. That is
the'way in which, according to the developments
before us, their action took place.
But, sir, the Senator from Delaware read from
a letter of Lieutenant Maury, which purported ,
to be addressed to his son, advice which he gave 1
to him not to look to the Federal Government j
for patronage, but to rely on his own energy and .
industry. In that letter, after giving him forcible ;
and just grounds for this course, it seems to have
occurred to Lieutenant Maury, " my son may
say that I myself am holding office." In expla-
nation of that he said, substantially," I look upon
it as unfortunate that 1 ever received a commis-
sion in the Navy of the United States." This,
the Senator from Delaware regards as evidence
that he is unpatriotic. Why, sir, what is the
liberal and just construction of the language of
Lieutenant Maury ? He was in the city of Wash-
ington, where many young men who are raised
look to official patronage as a means of support;
and he was warning his son against it. Mr.
President, what would you advise your son—
what would the Senator advise his son—what
would any man who is worthy to be called a
father advise his son to do? Would he not tell
him "Look to your own energies, and not to the
Federal Government'" Isay that noman is worthy
to be a father who would not inculcate precisely
the advice given by Lieutenant Maury. He does
not pretend to say in this letter, " If your country '
calls on yon, or needs your services, with or ,
without pay, you shall withhold them." No
such sentiment ever animated his bosom. Yet .
that is brought up as a great charge against him ;
in defense of the action of the board. VThat has
that to do with it ? Nothing at all. There are
other points wbich, at one time, I intended to
notice in the charges made against Lieutenent
Maury, but I shall notdctain the Senate by doing
so now. They have been so well commented on
by others that it is unnecessary for me to touch
on them.
Mr. President, the Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Slidell,] in his remarks upon the resolu-
tions of the Senator from Georgia, stated that he
should regard the appointment of a select com-
mittee to take the subject into consideration in the
mode proposed by those resolutions, as a reflection
on the Committee on Naval Affairs. I do not so '
regard it; and I should be sorry if any mem-
ber of the Committee on Naval Affairs should
so construe it. It is useless to deny that there is
dissatisfaction in the country in consequence of
the action of the board. There may be particu-
lar cases of dissatisfaction in regard to officers
whom the community believe to have been
unjustly dealt with; but the great dissatisfaction
arises from two facts: first, that the men who
passed upon the rights of others were interested
in the decision which they made; and next, they
were not only passed upon by interested men,
but the examination was in secret, where they had
no opportunity of defending themselves from
the charges preferred against them. This is a
proper subject of investigation; and I hold that the
Senate has a right, for any reason satisfactory to
itself, to appoint a select committee to investigate
any subject, and it is no reflection oi  a regular
standing committee. For myself, I think that
we attach too much consequence to the reports of
committees. I have just as much confidence in a
Senator in his capacity of member of thia body
as I have in him in consequence of his being a
member of a committee. The Senate has not
only the right to appoint a select committee on
the ground that they will have more time to in-
vestigate the matter than the regular standing
committees, but in this case there is another con-
sideration.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported the
bill which was passed into a law at the last ses-
sion; and the country supposes that Senators are
but human beings, subject to the frailties of hu-
man nature, and they would more or less have a
desire—though wishing, honestly, to be sure, to
discharge their duty—to sustain the law which
they had been mainly instrumental in passing.
That, however, is not the circumstance which
operates upon my mind. I desire to have a com-
mittee selected of men who have formed no opin-
ion, if such can be found in this body—members
who have expressed no opinion, either as com-
mittee-men or as Senators. I desire to have a
committee that will have little or nothing to do
for the rest of the session but investigate this
Stiestion. These are my reasons for favoring
io appointment of a select committee.
It was not my purpose, Mr. President, when
I rose to address the Senate, to detain them many
! minutes. I only desired very briefly to give my
reasons for the views which I entertained, and
which may be considered by some as rather ultra.
I have already indicated the course of policy
which I think ought to be pursued on this occa-
sion. I am ready to vote to declare the wKole
proceeding null and void. If that proposition
shall not be offered, I will- vote for that which
approximates nearest to it. I do not take this
"ground because I am the advocate of any par-
ticular officerwho has been retired or dropped;
for I know but very few of them. I believe that
I have only one constituent who is affected by
the action of the board, and he is retired on the
highest salary for reserved officers. He has made
no complaints to me. I have had no men run-
ning to me. I do not recollect having had a con-
sultation with a single officer who has been retired
or retained. My opinions are formed from the
reading of the law, and the consideration of the
manner in which it has been attempted to be
: executed, and the difference between that and the
manner in which I believe it ought to be executed.
I say again, that I have no aspersions to heap
either on the President of the united States or
. the Secretary of the Navy, or on the board. I
; take it for granted that the members of the board
1 are what naval officers ought to be, but 1 know
also that they are men. I perceive their acts; I
judge of them as they are. That the President
has been actuated by correct motives, I do not
' doubt. When they came to him and reported this
j long list of names he probably hesitated and
called upon some of the officers to tell him how
they happened to remove these worthy and effi-
' cient officers, and one or two of them gave ex-
planations for the whole. He understood that
there was an existing evil in the service, and I
have no doubt that he honestly believed that the
best interests of the Navy required that he should
indorse the action of the board. In that, with
' all due respect to the President of the United
States, I think hecommitted a very great blunder.
When Congress intrusted to him so high a power
as that of revising the action of this advisory
board,andof approving or disapproving its judg-
. ments, I believe that he should have said to the
board: "I am required by the law to approve
your action, to indorse it, and must be held by
the officers and the country responsible for its
justice, as the law is to have no effect without
my approval. The two hundred and one officers
reported by you have had no chance to explain
or disprove any charge preferred against them.
Your report affects the destiny of many gallant
officers, and each has an interest and feeling which
would not be exceeded by the hazard or loss of
life; I must, therefore, see the whole evidence for
myself, and judge of its sufficiency." This should
have been the course of the President;'and if this
had been his conduct I should have been the last
to grumble or complain.
1 think in that the President committed a blun-
der, and, with all due respect to him, I shall vote
to overrule his aetion. I feel confident that if the
President were convinced that he committed an
error, he would take pleasure in correcting it—
much more than { would, because 1 have none
of the responsibility of the passage of the law—
as much pleasure as any of the Senators who
voted for the law, in doing justice to every man
who has been the victim of injustice.
I do not individualize cases—I care nothing
about them, compared with the great principles
involved in this proceeding. We are called upon
to sanction the action of the board, of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, and of the President. It is
saia to be an important question. I regard it as
important as a precedent. If followed in the
fliture legislation and action of this Government,
it will deprive the citizens of this country of their
right to a hearing before condemnation. I know
that Senators who are defending the board con-
tend that these officers were entitled to no hearing,
and have no vested rights in their offices. I have
already alluded to the practice of the Government
permitting them to hold their offices until they do
something which would justify the Government
in dismissing them; but I shall not dwell on that
point.
I could, if I had time, point out a mode by
which , I think, the Navy would be pruned of its
objectionable portions without doing injustice to
any human being; but with my little experience
on the subject, I shall not even venture to inti-
mate what that mode ought to be. But, sir, I do
know—I think I know it beyond all controversy—
that not only has great injustice been done to
meritorious and worthy officers, but still greater
injustice to the spirit and genius of the institutions
of this country and the principles on which our
laws, State and Federal, have been administered
from the foundation of the Government until tho
present time. The public sentiment has only
begun to develop itself, and I believe that the
more this subject shall be investigated the more
odious will this action become; and finally every
man who has had anything to do, either directly
or indirectly, with the passage of the law, (al-
though he will not condemn himself when he
knows that he was governed by correct motives,)
will regret that he ever had any agency cither in
the passage or the carrying out of the law, and
will seek to restore to his rights every man who
has been injured, and do it speedily. It is the
only way in which justice can be done, according
to my humble judgment, and upon that judgment
I shall act.   
admission op kansas-slavery.
SPEECH OF HON. J. BUFFINTON,
of massachusetts,
Ik ths^Hocsb of Representative8,
j3pril 30, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. BUFFINTON said: Mr. Chairman, so
j long as the debate on the great question of the day
i turned upon the right of a gentleman to occupy a
| seat townich he had not been fairly elected, I lis-
tened in silence to the protests so energetically
i made against violations of constitutional rights
on the one hand, and to the ejfcsive apologies
I offered in reply.
My votes, sir, as recorded the Journal
, of this House, will show howTPtiave regarded
j the attempts of the Administration now in power
I to inflict upon the inhabitants of Kansas the curse
; of domestic slavery; and that in defiance of the
very act establishing the Territory, which pro-
fessed to leave those who might settle there per-
fectly free to form and regulate their domestic
institutions in their own way, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States. Now, sir, we
find those to whom this pledge has been so falsi-
fied—those who have been deprived of their con-
stitutional and of their organic rights—asking at
the door ofthis House for admission as a sover-
eign State. And I feel, sir, that I should act in
opposition to the dictates of my own conscience;
that I should betray the interests of my constitu-
ents; and that I should be recreant to the princi-
ples of that State which I am proud to represent
in piih on this floor, did I not demand for thr
