ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2063
Mr. WELLER. I know, a£ well as the Senator
from Maryland, that one of these officers belongs
to the customs and the other to the Navy proper;
but the object I had in view, in putting the pro-
vision in this bill, was to show upon its face that
we did not propose to increase the expenditure
of the Government. The object was to equalize
the salaries, and supersede the necessity of moving
on a custom-house bill to reduce the salary of the
naval officer to $6,000. I do not think any of
these officers there, except the collector of cus-
toms, ought to have over $6,000; and there are
some who receive more than that.
Mr. SEWARD. If I have any correct idea on
this subject, the Navy agents everywhere are paid
less than the naval officers. I think that is true
at this port; I think it is true in the port of New
York; and I think it ought to be so. If we adopt
this precedent in this case, we shall, at the next
session of Congress, be asked to increase the pay
of Navy agents all over the United States, or
else reduce the naval officer to the scale which the
honorable Senator from California thinks proper
to adopt here.
Mr. MALLORY. The Navy agents at the
navy-yards in the southern portion of the country
—I know it is so in my own State—receive $2,000
a year. I should suppose that double that at San
Fiancisco, $4,000—which he gets now—would
be sufficient.
Mr. "WELLER. What does the naval officer
there got ?
Mr. MALLORY. There is no naval officer
there. Naval officers are only at the large cus-
tom-houses. As the Senator from New York
observes, if you increase the salary of this agent
to $6,000, and give others only $2,000, there will
be a good reason for an increase of the others.
Mr. PEARCE. I am under the impression
that the salary of the naval officer is not a fixed
compensation, but depends upon fees, and $8,000
is the limit, the maximum beyond which he can-
not go. His salary is a shifting one, and I do
not see any propriety in fixing it at $6,000, and
making it permanent, independent of fees.
Mr. WELLER. I understand that the^e are
no fees m San Francisco, but this officer has a
fixed salary.
Mr. PEARCE. My impression is that the
naval officers are paid by fees. Collectors are,
and their salary is according to the service. If :
the business of the office brings them up to $6,000,
they get it. That is the maximum. So with
naval officers.
Mr. WELLER. In the discharge of my duties,
I have been compelled very frequently to move
to increase the salaiics and pay of officers, and
this is the first instance, I believe, when I have
moved to reduce one; and I have discovered that
there is no disposition on the part of the Senate
to reduce. They can do as they please. My
object is to equalize. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senator wants to re-
form, lot him divide the amendment so as to have
the amendment first taken on reducing the one,
and then on raising the other. He wants to ad-
just them to his satisfaction.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr, WELLER. I hope I shall be allowed to
have the yeas and nays. I want the rccord on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. J ask for a division of the amend-
ment. It is to put up one, and put down another.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair the amendment is susceptible of
division.
Mr. HUNTER. I was disposed to go for the
proposition as long as it would cost the Govern-
ment nothing, as the Senator from California,
who is more conversant with the duties of these
olficeis than we can be, was willing to equalize
them; but if the proposition is to be divided, and
we are to add to the one salary and leave the
other as it is, I cannot vote for it. I think, if
it is to be divided, he had better withdraw it. If
the two be put together, I will vote for the prop-
osition, as I am willing to distribute the money
according to his opinion; but I will not increase
the one without diminishing the other.
Mr. PRATT. There is a difficulty, which
was suggested by my colleague, and which seems
to me to be insuperable to attaining the object for
which this amendment is offered. The naval
officer receives fees.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe this one receives a
salary.
t Mr. PRATT. He receives fees, with a lim-
itation that they shall not exceed a certain
amount. #
The PRESIDING OFFICER* The question
will be taken on the first branch of the amend-
ment, on which the yeas and nays are ordered,
to increase the salary of the navy agent to
$6,000. ^ ' 3 &
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Biggs, Bigler, Brodhead,
Brown, Butler, Clay, Dodge, Iverson, Jones of Iowa, and
WeJIei—12. '
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Benjamin,
Bright, Cass, CoIIamer, Crittenden, Durkee, Fcsscnden,
Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hale, Mallory, Mason, Pcarce,
Ptau, Ueid, Seward, Slidell, Stuart, Thomson of New Jer-
sey, Toombs, Trumbull, Wilson, Wright, and Yulec—27.
So the first part of the amendment was rejected.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the leinainmg branch of the amendment.
Mr. YULEE. I suggest that, by general con-
sent, it be withdrawn.
Mr. WELLER. My object is to equalize the
officers. The Senate have decided not to do it,
and I wish to withdraw the other portion of the
amendment.
Mr. SEWARD, The honorable Senator will
not be able to withdraw the argument which
he made, in which he admitted that the officers
received too much.
Mr. WELLER. The argument will stand on
the record, but I ask that the amendment be taken
away.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope we shall take the
question. The Senator from California wishes
to equalize them. One receives $4,000, and now
let us bring down the other to an equality with
him.
Mr. WELLER. The Senate refused to equal-
ize, without increasing expense. The argument
may stand on the recoid; but I have no disposi-
tion to strike at the salary of this officer, who is
a very efficient officer, I believe.
Mr. HALE, and others. Let us have the vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. PEARCE. I move to strike out the clause:
For Stevens':? war steamer, $86,717 84.
This steamer was authorized to be built fourteen
years ago. A contract was made in 1842, upon the
assurance then made to the House of Represent-
atives. of which I was at that time a member, of
something very new and wonderful in the art of
maritime war and harbor defense, discovered by
Mr. Stevens. We authorized a contract for the
construction of this steamer for harbor defense,
and limited the expenditure to the average cost
of the steamers Mississippi and Missouri, which
was about five hundred and eighty-seven thousand
dollars. Five hundred thousand dollars has been
appropriated and paid; but the steamer has not
been constructed to this day, and comparatively
but little progress has been made in herconstruc-
tion. No plans have ever been submitted to the
Navy Department. Within the last few months,
the chief naval constructor at the head of the
bureau of construction has seen the vessel in her
present condition. She is now in a dock which
lias been excavated for the purpose of building
her in. I believe her rigs are up, and a part of
the ceiling iron is in, and a part of her boilersand
engines are m; but she is very far from approach-
ing completion.
This sum of $86,717 84 is the balance of the
amount named m the contract made in 1842, not
to be paid now, as I have understood from the Sec-
retary of the Navy, but to be reserved until the
completion of the vessel; yet I have asceitained
that, to complete the vessel, it will be necessary
that we shall make a further appropriation in ad-
dition to the $500,000 already appropriated, and,
as far as I know, expended, of $800,000, though
we know not the plans. No plan has ever been
deposited in the Navy Department. When com-
pleted, we shall have a vessel, according to the
statement which has been made, which f do not
rely upon, however, four hundred and fifteen feet
long, with a draft of at least twenty feet, which
is altogether too much for harbor defense. Such
a vessel ought to be used in shallop water as well
as in deep waters. She will be of five thousand
eight hundred and forty tons, and of a calculated
horse-power of eight thousand six hundred and
twenty-four, with ten large boilers and nine en-
gines, and it is proposed that her sides exposed
to shot, shall oe six and three quarter inches
thick. That is all we know. She cannot be con-
structed for the sum to which her cost was ori-
ginally limited. I know the Secretary of the Navy
is altogether unwilling to recommend the appro-
priation of the additional sum necessary to com-
plete it, and, as I said before, no plan has ever
MSten submitted to the Department and obtained
his approval. We are " buying a pig in a poke;"
we are making an experiment upon harbor ma-
rine architecture, which so far has borne no fruits.
I think we ought, before we go a step further, and
appropriate another dollar for this vessel, to have
a thorough report from the Navy Department of
what it is to be when completed, if, indeed, it is
known by anybody what it is to be.
I understand we have paid heretofore, out of
the appiopriation of $500,000, the cost of all the
materials and all the labor, charged at full rates,
with an addition of one third of the cost of the
material used. Why that one third beyond the
additional cost of the material used should have
been paid, 1 do not know. I cannot conceive,
unless it were as compensation to Mr. Stevens for
his skill. He has an immense dock excavated, in
which the vessel is building. Mr. Stevens, as the
Secretary of the Navy informs me, has changed
his plan in the course of these fourteen years,
which seems very likely.
Mr. SEWARD. Is the honorable Senator in-
formed that Mr. Stevens is defcd?
Mr. PEARCE. I am aware of that. But the
last information we had was in March, before his
death, ^po not know that there are any fixed
plans of ascertained value, which there is anybody
ready to carry out. I think we had better sus-
pend appropriations until we get further inform-
ation.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to know whether the
Senator from Maryland stated the amount here-
tofore appropriated for this iron steamer?
Mr. PEAllCE. Five hundred thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. WELLER. What is its condition now,
and how long will it take to complete it, in all
probability ?
Mr. PEARCE. Nobody knows. The Depart-
ment has no information, and has not been able
to get information. The chief constructor called
for it, and all he received was a very short letter,
from which I extracted the statements 1 made to
the Senate of the length, breadth, draft of water,
and horse-power. A part of the appropriation
was made fourteen years ago, and a part four
years ago.
Mr. WELLER. I think we have paid quite
enough for this experiment which is likely to fail.
If Mr. Stevens could accomplish the object he
originally had in view, there is no doubt it would
have superseded the necessity of our fortifica-
tions; it would have proved an invulnerable forti-
fication in itself; but I never had any confidence
in the result of this experiment.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I think there
is some mistake m reference to this matter. I
think some Senators do not understand exactly
the condition of the vessel. There is no doubt
j at all that the vessel will cost a great deal more
1 than the sum contracted forwith the Government
by Mr. Stevens, which was about §587,000. I
believe $500,000 has been paid; but if this vessel
does not answer all the conditions of the contract,
the Government is not obliged to take it, and Mr.
Stevens will have to refund to the Government of
the United States every dollar advanced.
Mr. WELLER. What security is there for
that ?
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I know that
the security given is equal to more than four
times the amount advanced; and I can say with
perfect safety on this floor, that the property left
by Mr. Stevens, who died a few months ago, is
certainly over three millions of dollars, all of
which will be appropriated to the completion of
this steamer. That she will be a failure is a very
great mistake. I have no doubt at all that she
will be the greatest vessel on the face of the
waters, and will be able to comply with every
