4M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20.
there any force in such an objection ? Does this
contestant stand up(on a different ground from
others', because he occupied the executive chair
of the Territory ? No, sir; the people of the
Territory are no more precluded now from insti-
tuting the inquiry, by reason of anything that
Governor Reeder did when he was in the guber-
natorial office, than if they had sent an entirely
different man as their Delegate.
If, instead of Governor Reeder, they had sent
another person, it would not be pretended, I pre-
sume, that he, in his own behalf, and in that of
his people, could not have instituted the inquiry
which it is designed now to institute. Reeder
was Governor, but he is Governor ncrmore; the
power which made him such unmade him. He
presents himself here as an individual man, not
as an officer of the General Government. He is
here in behalf of the people of the Territory;
and it cannot be pretended, with any show of
reason or argument, that he stands upon different
ground from any other contestant, simply because
he was at one time Governor of the Territory.
The public mind throughout the country is
inflamed and excited on this question. "We have
no facts—undoubted facts—as to the real exist-
ence of affairs in the Territory of Kansas. As
much as has been published and read, we know
nothing of the true cause of the past and present
difficulties there. We have no proof. 1 insist,
therefore, that it is the right and the duty of this
House to apply itself at once to a proper ascertain-
ment of all the facts of the case. I insist that we
shall no longer be governed by rumors, and worse
than rumors. It is necessary, not merely for the
peace of the people of the Territory of Kansas, but
for the peace of the people of the entire country,
that the facts should be known, and that the
question should be fairly settled. And for one,
so far as it is within my power, I intend to direct
myself to an ascertainment of these facts, and
to a determination of the question at issue, with
an eye single to the merits and justice of the
case. I shall not be governed by what men may
say, or by what newspapers may publish. I
shall be governed, as every honest man should be
governed, by the sworn testimony. If, then, the
seat be given to General Whitfield, I shall be satis-
fied. If, on the other hand, General Whitfield
be unseated, and his place be given to Governor
Reeder, nobody has a right to complain. It is
for this we seek. We only wish to arrive at a
sensible conclusion in reference to the points at
issue. Is there any here who are afraid of the
inquiry? If so, then there must be strong reason
why the inquiry should be instituted. If there is
wrong, expose it; if there is right, let it be pub-
lished from the mountain-top.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the gentleman puts the
inquiry to me, I tell him that I have not the
slightest fear; but 1 do not see the necessity of
the inquiry proposed, when, so far as we can
judge from rules of evidence and common sense,
we have now the whole case before us. Without
detaining the House further, I will tell the gen-
tleman, when he wants to know why I am op-
posed to sending for persons and papers, that
what I have stated is the reason for my opposi-
tion. I ask any gentleman here whether Gov-
ernor Reeder denied the validity of laws passed
by the Legislature of Kansas until they changed
their place of meeting; and whether he denies
the validity now of the laws passed at Pawnee
City ? If there are any who know of his denial,
he will be pleased to state it.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not care whether Gov-
ernor Reeder did or did not deny their validity.
I will not admit that the people of Kansas are to
be concluded by his acts when Governor; I will
not grant that any admission of his is the admis-
sion of the people of that Territory.
But we have all the facts necessary to the adju-
dication of the case, (says my friend from Geor-
gia;) all the light necessary now beams fully upon
us. If there are no inquiries to make—no facts
to gather, why, then, do we raise committees?
Why not disband them ? If we have all the facts
and light we want, in the name of God, for what
furpose have the committees been appointed?
have been laboring heretofore, if this be true,
under a great misapprehension. I had supposed
that the Committee of Elections had been ap-
pointed and held its sessions for the .purpose of
ascertaining facts and reporting on them; but I
am now gravely told, by the gentleman from
Georgia, that the House is in possession of all
the facts; that there is no more light to be thrown
upon the subject.
Mr. Speaker, I have said more than I intended
to say. I thank the House for its indulgence.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
recommitting the resolution to the Committee of
Elections, " with instructions to report the rea-
sons and grounds upon which they ask the au-
thority of this House to send for persons and
papers."
Mr. McMULLIN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 68, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Hendley S.
Bennett, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, John P. Campbell, Ca-
ruthers, Clingman,"Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige, Craw-
ford, Cullen, Davidson, Dowdell, Dunn, Elliott, English,
Evans, Faulkner, Florence, I'oster, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Hams, Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Houston, Jewett, Gporge VV.
Jones, Keitt, Kennett, Kidwell, Lake,Letcher, Lumpkin,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, MeMullin, Smith
Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Phelps, Porter, Pur-
year, Ciuitman, Reade, Rieaud, Richardson, Rivers, Rufiin,
Rust, Seward, Shorter, William Smith, Stephens, Stewart,
Taylor, Vail, Valk, Walker, Watkms, YVinslow, Daniel B.
Wright, and John V. Wnght—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Barbour, Henry Bennett, Ben-
son, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Brenton, Broom, Burlin-
game, Lewis D. Campbell, Clawson^Colfax, Comms, Cum-
back, Dean, Dick, Dickson. Dodd, Edwaids, Flagler, Gid-
dings, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Haven, Hickman,
Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey,
Knapp, knight, Knox, Leiter, Meaeham, Killian Miller,
Moirill, Mott, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker,
Pearce, Pennington, Perry, Pike, Ritchie, Robbins, Sabin,
Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Stanton, Stranahan,
Thurston, Trafton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge,
Waldron, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, and
Woodrun—67.
The SPEAKER announced the result as above,
and said: The Chair votes in the negative; so
there is a tie, and the House refuses to recommit.
Pending the call of the roll—
Mr. LETCHER said that he was requested to
state that Mr. Carlile had paired off for the
week with either Mr. Bradshaw or Mr. Roberts.
Mr. ELLIOTT stated that Mr. Burnett had
left the city to visit his family, and had requested
him to state to the House that he. had paired off
with a gentleman differing from him 111 political
sentiments, but whose name he (Mr. E.) did not
now recollect.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts, stated that he
was requested to say that Mr. Damrell had
paired off with Mr. Bocock.
Mr. MATTESON stated that he had intended
to leave the city ere this, and that he had paired
off for throe weeks—for two weeks with Mr.
Goode, and for one week thereafter with Mr.
Seward.
Mr. NORTON said, he had been requested to
state that Mr. Woodworth was absent on ac-
count of sickness, and that in the opinion of his
physician he would not be able to be present
during this week.
Mr. CUMBACK stated that Mr. Pettit had
paired off, which accounted for his absence.
Mr. SANDIDGE stated that he had paired off
for this week with Mr. Galloway.
Mr. DODD stated that Mr. Spinner had been
called home by sickness in his family; and had
not paired off.
Mr. BILLINGHURST stated that he had been
requested to say that Mr. Williams had paired
off with Mr. Murray.
Mr. CADWALADER stated that he had
agreed to pair off with Mr. Durfee on any occa-
sion on which his colleague [Mr. Thurston]
might ask him to; that Mr. Thurston did not
make the request until after he (Mr. C.) had
voted; that having since made the request, he
would ask leave to withdraw his vote.
Leave was granted.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wish to say a single
word in explanation—not for the purpose of
withdrawing my vote. I paired off with Mr.
Emrie, as I understood, for two weeks. A col-
league, not now present, understood that I had
paired off until to-day. I have voted to-day,
knowing that I was clearly inside of the agreement.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, stated that he was
requested by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr:
Thorington] to say, that he had paired off with
Mr. Zollicoffer.
The result having been announced as above
recorded, the question recurred upon the adoption
of the resolution.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. CUMBACK. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cumback
and Craige were appointed.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move to lay the res-
olution upon the table; and upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. RITCHIE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Marshall
and Cuiiback were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 65, noes 27.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly (at four o'clock) adjourned until to-
morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Februm-y 20, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. THOMSON, ofNew Jersey,presented the
memorial of Edward A. Stevens, of New Jersey,
asking for an extension of his patent for a mode
of applying air to the furnaces of steam-engines;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. SUMNER. I present some papers in re-
lation to the accommodation of the United States
courts in Boston, and urging the necessity of a
new building. These papers have been taken from
the files of the Department of the Interior; and
as the subject is now before the Committee on the
Judiciary, I ask for their reference to that com-
mittee.
They were so referred.
Mr. BROWN. I have the petition of David
Gordon, a citizen of Mississippi, who represents
that, in 1852, an act of Congress was passed for
the relief of certain parties, of whom he was one;
that the relief prayed for was partly granted; but,
m consequence of imperfections m the proof—
some of it not being properly authenticated—he
did not get full relief. During the last Congress
a second bill was passed, requiring the accounting
officers of the Government to take up his case,
reexamine it, and give him the benefit of that
proof. For reasons which are not officially stated,
and which are unsatisfactory to the petitioner,
the last act of Congress has not been executed.
He complains that he cannot get the accounting
officers of the Government to execute the law,
and he comes now to Congress for further relief.
The claim originated during the Florida war—
growing out of spoliations committed by United
States troops. As it is a matter concerning our
Indian relations, I move the reference of the peti-
tion to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I present a petition signed by
F. Dodge, President, and J. W. Deeble, Secre-
tary, of the Metropolitan Railroad Company, in
this District, who memorialize Congress for the
privilege of_running a branch of their railroad
through the City of Washington, and through
such of the streets and avenues of the city as they
may find most convenient for that purpose; and
they pray for an appropriation of land or money
to aid in the construction of the road.
In introducing this petition, 1 desire to say,
that I do so simply because I am requested to do
so, as chairman of the Committee on the District
of Columbia. I take this occasion to say, that
so far as that portion of the petition is concerned
which asks for the occupancy of the avenues of
this city for private purposes, or for the purpose
of a company, I am now, as I have always been,
opposed to granting it. There is already one rail-
road across Pennsylvania avenue—put there, as
I believe, ill direct contempt of the authority of
Congress. These encroachments are being made
from day to day, and from year to year, on the
public property here; and if Congress does not
interpose to prevent it, the whole of the public
