1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1191:
Miller, Millson, Morgan, Mori ill, Murray, Parker, Pelton,
Perry, I'jke. Pungle, Puiviancc, Puryear, Kitolne, Roberts,
Sabin, Sapp, Scott, William R. Smitli, Stanton, Stranahan,
Thonngton, Thurston, Trafton, Wakeman, Walbridge,
AValdrog, Israel Washburn, Whitney, Woodruff', and
W oodworth—74.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. COVODE said: I have, by understanding
of the parties, paired off Mr. Winslow with Mr.
Sage for three weeks, with the privilege of.trans-
ferring the last week to another person. I have
also paired off Mr. Vail with Mr. Knight for
two weeks from Wednesday next. Mr. Knight
is present, and therefore will not vote.
Mr. JEWETT said: I have paired off with
Mr. Leiter for one week from to-day; other-
wise I would have voted for a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. GREENWOOD said: Mr. Speaker, by
agreement with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, Mr. Buffintov, I have paired off my col-
league, Mr. Rust, with Mr. Hall, of Massachu-
setts, for one week from to-day.
Mr. ZOLLICOFPER stated that he had paired
off for the next three weeks with Mr. Robbins.
. WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
th<> files of the House of the petitions of citizens of Iowa,
Illinois, and Indiana, for the purpose of their reference to
the Senate.
BOOKS FOR MEMBERS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask leave to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives furnish and deliver to each of the members and Dele-
gates of the House of the present Congress, who have not
already received them, and pay for the same out of tue
contingent fund of the House, such numbers and editions
of such books of a public character as were furnished to the
new members and Delegates in the last Congress: Provided,
That they be furnished at prices not exceeding those for
which they were heretofore supplied to such numbers and
Delegates.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. JONES. The law is directly against one
House distributing'books.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
DUTIES ON AMERICAN COTTON ABROAD.
Mr. STEPHENS, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested to
communicate to this House, in tabular form, such niiorma-
tion as may be in possession of the Depaitment of State,
respecting the tanlF duties and custom-house regulations
applicable to American cotton in the principal commercial
countnes; also tabular compaiative statements, showing-
first, the quantities of cotton exported from the United
States to the principal commercial countries respectively,
and the aggregate amount of duties deiived therefrom;
second, the quantities of cotton impoited into Great Britain,
France, and Spain, icspoctiveiy, and the countries whence
imported; third, the quantities of cotton exporfed by Great
Britain to all countries respectively; and, fourth, the quan-
tities and values of cotton manufacture and yams exported
from Gieat Butam and fiom the United States, respectively,
to all countries; each of these statements embracing a
peiiod of five years, from 1851 to 1855, both inclusive, or
for so much of said peiiod as authentic data are attainable,
to-'etSier with such other geneial information respecting the
cotton trade of the United States as may be deemed perti-
nent to the purport of this lesolution.
UNITED STATES TROOPS IN KANSAS.
Mr. BARBOUR, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read and
adopted, nem. con.:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to inform this House whether United States
soldieis have been employed in the Territory ofsKnnsas to
arrest persons charged with violation of ceitam supposed
laws enacted by a supposed Legislature assembled at
Shawnee Mission, m sa#d Territoiy: and if such soldiers
have been so employed, that the President inform this
Jlonic by what authority they were so employed.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House for leave to take from
the Speaker's table Senate bill for the relief of the
heirs of Jabez Rooker, deceased., that it may be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to any
bill being taken from the Speaker's table. Let
gentlemen go to that business, and take it up in
regular order.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT MILWAUKEE,
Mr. WELLS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution for enlarging the custom-house, post office,
and court-house, at Milwaukee, Wisconsin. I
will state in advance that the resolution only asks
for Milwaukee the same enlarged accommodations
for custom-house, post office, and judicial pur-
poses , that were granted to Buffalo and Cleveland.
It is recommended by the Postmaster General,
and also by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. WELLS. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose I have indicated.
The House was divided on the motion; and
there were—ayes 77, noes 34. -
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, asked for tellers.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and-nays were not ordered.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. WiiEEtER,
and Davis uf Massachusetts, were appointed.
Mr. HAVEN. I am desirous of aiding the
gentleman from Wisconsin, if his resolution be
what 1 suppose it is. I would like to have it read
again, as its character is not known here.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to be informed
whether or not this resolution has been before a
committee ?
The SPEAKER. It has not been referred to
any committee of this House.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I desire to present
a point of order to the Speaker. The resolution
contemplates an appropriation. Do not the rules
require it to go to a Committee of the Whole
House?
The SPEAKER. The motion is to suspend
the rules.
The House was divided;and the tellers reported
—ayes 80, noes 39.
So the rules were suspended; and the resolu-
tion was introduced, and read a first and second
time.
Mr. WELLS. I would simply state that this
is one of the custom-houses authorized by the last
Congress, and is of the same character as those
that were ordered at Buffalo, Cleveland, Detroit,
and Chicago. The appropriation at that time
was $88,000, and the contract was made in accord-
ance with that appropriation; but on examination
by the Government officers who were sent to
superintend the work, they became satisfied that
the building was not large enough to accommo-
date the present business at Milwaukee, more
particularly that of the post office. It would
probably be large enough for the custom-house
business, but not for the court rooms and post
office. The work has therefore been suspended,
by order of the Government, till the action of
Congress be had in the matter, as to whether the
building is to be enlarged or not. As soon as
such action is had the work will go on; and now
is the right season of the year to do such work.
As gentlemen seem to desire it, I will very
briefly state some of the reasons why Milwaukee
should be as well considered as other western
cities in the dispensation of the benefits of the
| Federal Government. It is the great commercial
mart or center of the whole Stale. Since the
first appropriation of $50,000 for Milwaukee, the
population of the city has nearly doubled. Then
it was twenty thousand, now it is approaching
forty thousand. Its commerce has increased
more rapidly than its population. Its people are
enterprising and energetic, and push, with true
American vigor, every effort for the credit of the
State and the honor of the Union. Since 1850,
four new lines of railroad have been put in opera-
tion. They radiate in various directions, and
make that city sail more the great entrepot for
the business of the surrounding _ States. Its
salubrious location, and easy acquisition of every
comfort and luxury, ontico to its splendid sij^s
wealthy capitalists from every part of the \voild.
With such unexpected increase of population
and commerce, the plans for custom-house, post
office, and court-house accommodations hereto-
fore adopted are now totally inadequate. What
I ask is for the interest of the General Govern-
ment, and the interests of the people I have the
honor to represent. Indeed, the bill is demanded
by the dictates of the best economy. The pro-
vision for enlargement might be more extended,
if we take into consideration the steady growth
of Milwaukee in every attitude of a great com-
mercial city; but, at present, I only feel bound
to offer "what is presented for the consideration
of the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. Allow me to ask the gentle-;
man one question. I ask the gentleman if this
extension is asked for on the recommendation of
the Secretary of the Treasury}
Mr. WELLS. It has the recommendation of
the Secretary of the Treasury and the Postmas-
ter General.
Mr. McMULLIN. Have you letters from
those officers ? *
Mr. WELLS. I have.
Mr. McMULLIJN". Be kind enough to have
them read.
Mr. WELLS. I will, if the House desires it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would like to hear these
letters read.
They were read, as follows:
Treasury Department, April 28,1856.
Sir* In conformity to a resolution of the Senate of the
24th ultimo," that the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to report whether the building authorized to be con-
structed at Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for custom-house, post
office, United States court-rooms, and other purposes, is
sufficiently large to accommodate the different branches
of thejmhlic bervice for which it was designed," I have the
honor to state, that the said building is deemed fully ample
for the accommodation of the officers of the customs, and
probably also for the United States courts. Whether it will
be sufficient for the accommodation of the post office is a
question appropriate for the opinion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and which he will, of course, communicate to the Sen-
ate m compliance with the tenor of the resolution.
Should Congress determine to increase this building, T
would recommend an addition of twelve and a half feet to
each end, making it one hundred and ten feet long by sixty
feet wide. To build such addition would require an addi-
tional appropriation of $30,000, with ten per cent, thereon
for contingencies.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Jesse D. Bright, President pro tempore United
States Seriate.
Post Office Department,
Appointment Office, April 30,1856.
Sir : Agreeable to the request contained in your letter of
the 29th instant, I herewith inclose your copies of all the
papers forwarded to the President of the Senate in answer
to a resolution of that body, requesting the Postmaster Gen-
eral to furnish information in relation to the building au*
tborized to be built at Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for a custom-
house, post office, &c.
In a communication to the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives, in relation to the post office at Buffalo, New
York, the Postmaster General makes the following sugges-
tion : " I embrace-this occasion to add that, m the passage
of laws for the election of buildings for post offices in the
large cities, it is highly important that provision be made
not only foi the present but the future wants and accom-
modation of the citizens."
1 am, respectfully, &c., HORATIO KING,
First Assistant Postmaster General.
Hon. Daniel Wells, Jr., Home of Representatives.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to say one word in
reference to this matter, but before doing so I
desire to understand what is the precise question
before the House.
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
ing the joint resolution to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to make a few sugges-
tions to the House in regard to this matter. This
is one of the cases in reference to the increase
of the size of these buildings to a reasonable
limit, for which I intend to vote. And I want to
say to the House that the custom-house, court-
house, and post office at Chicago, is another,
and these are about the extent of the limit to which
I am willing to go hereafter. In reference to this
Milwaukee house, let me say that last year we
did increase the appropriation for the enlarge-
ment of this custom-house, and it is well enough
for the members of the House who were not here
then to know it. At first — two or three years
ago—an appropriation of, X think, $60,000, was
made for a building of another and smaller class.
Last year, however, under the recommendation
, of the Secretary of the Treasury, we increased it
to an §88,000 house, bringing it up to the same
class as those authorized for Buffalo, Chicago,
Oswego, Detroit, and several other leading points
in the northern and northwestern sections of the
country. I understand, from the letter just read,
that, in the opinion of the Secretary of the 'Treas-
ury the building now being constructed at Mil-
waukee is of sufficient size to accommodate the
wants of the custom-house, and the district
court of the United States, which-holds its ses-
