466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
here, and, allow me to say, less embarrassment
to the presiding officer; for it is very difficult for
you, sir, always to catch the eye of the first
speaker. But if you adopt this rule, and call first
for petitions from Alabama, then for petitions
from Arkansas, and thus go through the alpha-
betical list of States, it would not take five min-
utes, and I believe we should get through with
the presentation of petitions with more regularity
and less competition for the floor than is now to
be daily perceived. We should then avoid having
a number of gentlemen on the floor—one asking,
"Are petitions in order ?" and another, 44 Are res-
olutions in order?" The present practice leads
to a great deal of confusion in this bocly. If wc
were a smaller body, I believe it would be better.
I am a State-rights man; T go for the usage of
Virginia; and I hope my friend will not oppose it.
Mr, MASON. I did not know, Mr. President,
that the honorable Senator from South Carolina
was one of those who had been consulted, or who
had been instrumental m giving counsel to change
or rather to increase the existing rules of the
Senate.. I confess that the authority which he
adduces is one that would have a potent influence
in guiding my judgment. The honorable Senator
has been much more recently in the presence of
the Legislature of Virginia than myself. I have
not seen that Legislature for two or three years,
or perhaps more; but I submit to the honorable
Senator, that even the State of Virginia—for whom
his reverence is certainly not greater than mine—
might possibly (I say possibly) adopt some of
those ideas or notions of government which oc-
casionally travel from the North to the South, or
from the East to the South. I was not aware that
the Legislature of Virginia, which the honorable
Senator has cited against me, and especially the
Senate of that State, which is a small body, had
adopted this rule.
Mr. BUTLER. I am not confident about the
Senate. I know that the House there has this
rule, and I believe both Houses have.
Mr. MASON. I should rather doubt whether
the honorable Senator is right as to the Senate,
for the Senate is but a small body, composed of
only fifty members; but in a large body, as the
popular branch there is, like the popular branch
here, there may be a necessity—in order to avoid
undue competition—to tie up their hands by some
binding rule. I still submit, with all respect to the
Senator, that the fewer rules we can have for the
groper discharge of our duties ihe better for the
enate; and the fewer rules wc have, the more
the Senators become responsible to the country
for their deportment on the floor of the Senate.
1 should regret to see the rule changed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I would sug-
gest to the Senator from California to amend his
proposition so as to provide that, if on any day
the call for petitions is not completed, wo shall
commence the next day where the call was left
oft* on the preceding day. That is the rule, I
know, in both branches of the Kentucky Legis-
lature, and I consider it as a very convenient and
good rule m practice. My amendment is to add
"and if on any day the call of all the States is
not completed, the President, on the next day,
shall begin with the call whoie it was left off on
the preceding day. until the call is completed."
I suggest to the Senator from California so to
amend his motion.
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection to that
amendment. I know that my proposition wjII
avoid the confusion which very frequently takes
place here during the morning hour, and, besides,
it will relieve the President. I know that very
frequently, when I have come into this Full and
desired to get the floor at once, for the presenta-
tion of petitions, in order to meet an engagement
at the door, or in the other branch of Congress,
with some gentleman, I have sometimes thought
it was very strange that I could not succeed in
getting the floor, and that the President over-
looked me, and gave it to other persons. Now,
if this rule be adopted, there can never be any
feeling of that sort towards the Chair. I have seen
some Senators complain, and say they thought it
very strange that they could not catch the eye of
the President. That grew out of the fact, that
they were very anxious to be relieved from peti-
tions in their charge, in order to meet an engage-
ment somewhere else. I think the adoption of
this proposition will prevent that difficulty.
The PRESIDENT. I am much obliged to the
gentleman for the suggestion.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. The object
of my amendment is simply to prevent the States
standing first on the alphabet being called the first
time every day.
Mr. BUTLER. If we adopt this, we can very
easily get through the petitions every morning.
The PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator from
California accept the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky?
Mr. WELLER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on agree-
ing to the resolution thus amended.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to say very briefly,
sir, that in consequence of having had some ex-
perience in a different body of the operation of a
similar rule, it is my intention to vote against the
adoption of the proposition of the Senator from
California. I think a very short experience will
satisfy the Senate that the rule which he proposes
will not facilitate business, but will rather aggra-
vate than remove the difficulties suggested by the
Senator from California. He may occasionally,
it is true, be detained in presenting his petitions
a few moments by not being recognized by the
Chair; but what will be the result of adopting a
fixed rule requiring that all the States shall be
called over in alphabetical order ? If 1 am to judge
from the experience which I have witnessed, with
regard to counties, in another body, such a prac-
tice will consume much time, and my friend will
find that the same difficulties of which he now
complains will then be encountered. He will find,
practically, that he could much sooner under the
old rule obtain the eye of the President, and pre-
sent his petition, and meet his friend at the door,
than he will be able to do under this arbitrary
rule, which would compel him to wait until his
turn .should come.
Again, sir, I observe another difficulty. Such
a rule would, I think, lead to an absence of atten-
tion and preparation on the part of members; and
when their turn came, and they were called on,
perhaps they would not be in their scats, and not
being in their seats their petitions could not be
presented, and then it would be necessary to ask
leave afterwards to allow such presentation in vio-
lation of the order. Altogether, the experience
which I have seen is against the proposed rule.
A similar one gave a fixed, and I thought, an un-
pleasant character to the proceedings of the Senate
in which I had the honor of serving in my own
State. For these reasons, I shall vote against the
adoption of the proposed amendment of the rule.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 18, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Morris. Adams, Allen, Biggs, Butler, Crittenden,
Dodge, Hamlin, Houston, Ivcison, Jones of Iowa, Pugh,
tfiuloll, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey,
Touccv, Tmmbull, Wallet, and Yulce—18.
NAY^— Mc->rs. Benjamin, Btjrler, Biodhead, Brown,
Douglas FesMJiiden, Fish, Foot, Geyci, Hale,Ilailan, Jones
oi' Tennessee, Mason, Feareo, ltu k, Stuart, Sumner,
Toombs, and YVadc—19.
So the motion of Mr. WELLER was not agreed
to.
s notagre
5. V
SENATOR FROM ILLINOIS
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I rise to make an in-
quiry of the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary. I wish to ask him when a report may
probably be expected in the case of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] whose seat is
contested. The subject was referred to that com-
mittee about two months ago. I am sure the
gentleman will think that it is due to the Senate,
and especially to the honorable gentleman in re-
lation to whom this inquiry has been instituted,
that the matter should be brought to some term-
ination. If the chairman can inform me when
there will probably be a report I shall be grati-
fied.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I believe the
Committee on the Judiciary have had three meet-
ings in which this subject has been brought up.
Wfi have conversed upon it as involving a question
of much interest. I do not say there is a differ-
ence of opinion in the committee; but I assure
my friend from Kentucky that we have given
our attention to it by calling it up. We are, how-
ever, as yet, not ready to decide upon it. "Wo wish
to take a little more time. I think we shall dispose
of itnext Wednesday. If there is any suggestion
to be made in relation to it by the gentleman who
occupies the seat, or if he wishes to be heard, we
are perfectly willing to hear him. We are willing
to dispose of the question whenever wc have a
full committee. At this time, we have not a full
committee. I believe that is the reason why it
was not disposed of this morning.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am very sorry that the
chairman of the committee is not able to give a
more definite answer than he has done to my
inquiry. Of course, no Senator occupies a seat
pleasantly when a contest is made, however ill-
founded, in regard to his seat. It has been more
than two long months since the subject was re-
ferred to the committee. I am perfectly satisfied
that there has been no indisposition to investigate
and decide it; but I would only invoke, after
such a lapse of time, the very special and par-
ticular attention of the committee to the subject.
Something more than the courtesy which I think
wc owe to a member of this body, a brother Sen-
ator, requires that questions of this sort should
be disposed of promptly. I have been apprised
that the committee very politely offered to hear
the Senator whose seat is in question, but he does
not desire to be heaid before them. He has con-
fidence in the committee, and is willing to leave
his case before them. It is a matter that depends
on record evidence and upon questions of law. It
would be entirely fruitless before a committee of
such intelligence to argue it. As far as I am able
to understand the questions involved, there is
none that would bear argument for one moment.
Mr. BUTLER. I will say to the honorable
Senator from Kentucky that, from the beginning
—and I think the Senator from Illinois will do me
the justice to say so—I have been willing to take
the question up. I believe I even went so far as
to tell him that I was willing to take it up on tho
first day after it was referred to the committee.
1 have thought, myself, that it ought to be dis-
posed of; but I cannot always control the opin-
ions of the committee of which I am chairman.
They may ask for time; and, since the subject
has been brought to the view of the Senate, 1 will
say that time has been asked for. It lias been
said, I think, that some distinguished gentleman
from Illinois wished to be heard on the subject.
I do not allude to the Senator from Illinois, nor
to a member in the other House from thut State,
whose name has been quoted, and which I am
therefore at liberty to mention—Mr. Harris.
He said that, so far as he was concerned, he did
not wish to be heard. I have not conferred with
my friend, the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las,] and I do not know what his views upon
the subject arc. I think I may say, however,
that the case was postponed with a view of having
a conference with some persons who may have
an interest in the question. I have no interest in
delaying it; and I have been, from tho beginning',
ready to take up this case and all others involving
the tenure to a place on this floor.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will remark to my friend
from Kentucky, that I think the Committee on
the Judiciary have thus far devoted themselves
with great diligence to this case—more than is
usual with such matters. This contest involves
a great question of conflict between the Constitu-
tion of the United States and the constitution of
the State which the gentleman from Illinois rep-
resents. That is the main question; and, in my
judgment, it is a very important one, and far
from being free from difficulty. I have pursued
my investigations as a member of the committee,
with a view of bringing all the aid I could from
investigation, and reasoning, and consultation
with the committee on the subject. I have been
uuwilling, m common with other gentlemen who
are members of the committee, to come to a de-
termination without a further investigation of the
grave and important question of conflict between
the Constitution of the United States and the
constitution of the State. It is not confined to
that State, but from a slight examination which I
have given to the subject, I think that the consti-
tutions of half the States in the Union have pro-
visions in them which may be declared void if
the principal question m controversy in this case
be decided in d certain way. This is, therefore,
a very grave and important matter; it is one on
which I am by no means satisfied.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not mean to con-
tinue the discussion. I mentioned the subject
mereJy with a view to call the attention of the
