1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1193
off until Thursday next with Mr. Edie; that he
was called homo in consequence of sickness in his
family, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
upon business.
st. mary's flats, Michigan.
Mr. PECK. I move that the Committee of the
Whole be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 2) making an appropri-
ation for deepening the channel over the flats of
"St. Mary's river, in the State of Michigan.
I make this motion now for the reason that I
have the charge of that bill, and I desire to leave
soon upon business. I shall esteem it a great
privilege if the House will consent to take it up,
and put it upon its passage.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. PECK. Then I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to submit the motion; and upon it I
demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Lindley
and Morgan were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 71, noes 36.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirmative, and the rules are suspended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays upon the motion to discharge the
committee.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole from the
further consideration of the bill; and it was agreed
to.
The bill appropriates $100,000 towards deepen-
ing the channel of the St. Mary's river, in'the
State of Michigan, by the west channel through
Lake (ieorge, according to the estimate of Cap-
tain Macomb, of the topographical corps, com-
municated to the Senate in the report of the Sec-
retary of War, dated January 18,1855; provided,
that the dredging machine purchased for the im-
provement of St. Clair flats may be employed,
when not required therefor, at the discretion of
the Secretary of War, in the improvement of the
St. Mary's river, or strait.
Mr. PECK. I do not propose to detain the
House any further than to make a general state-
ment in regard to tlie merits of the bill. This bill
makes an appropriation for a work which was
provided for by the last Congress, under what was
commonly called the St. Clair flats bill; which
bill, gentlemen will recollect, did not, tor some
reason or other unknown to me, receive the
sanction of the President. It was provided for
this session by two separate bills. _ This bill is
one to improve the line of communication, as it
were, between the great lakes. It rests upon
the same basis as the bill for the improvement of
the St. Clair flats. It is a work essentially neces-
sary for the great commerce of the West. I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
its operation the bill was ordered to a third read-
ing, and read the third time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS— 'Messrs. Albright, Allen, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Hemv Bennett, Benson, Biilinghurst, Bingham, Bliss,
Brartsliaw. Bienton, Buffinion, Burlmgamc, Lewis I).
Campbell. Ezra Claik, Coltax, Cox, Oragm, Cullen, Cum-
back, Henry Winter Davis, Dean, Denver, Duriee, Ed-
ward*, Eustis Evans. Flagler, Honry M. Fuller, Galloway,
Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris,
Harrison, Holloway, Valentine B. Horton, Hugliston, Kelly,
Kermett, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lindlcy,:VIacc,
Humphrey Mai^hali, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Mc-
Cartv, Killiaii Miller, Moigan, Momll, Murray, Paine,
Parker, reck, 1'elton^ Pennington, Pike, Princle, 1 urviancc,
Iteadv, Ilieatid, Roberts, danihdge, Sapp, Scott, Simmons,
Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thoiington, Thurston, iodd,
Tutton, Tvson. Valk, Walbudge, VValdron, Israel Wash-
buin, Wck-h, Wells, Whitney, Williams, Woodruff, and
^NAYd — Mpftsis. Aiken, Barksdale, Bocock, Branch,
Brooks, Bmnett, Cadwalader, Carlile, Caskie, Chngman,
liowell Cobb. Williamson R. W. Cobb, Davidson, Dow-
doll, KdmundfOii, Elliott, English, Fau!kner, I'lorcnce,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, (*oode, Grow, G'orge W.
Jones * Keitt, Letcher, Lumpkin, Maxwell, Smith Miller,
Million, Andrew Oliver, Phelps Puryear, Ruifin, shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Sneed, Stewart.!S« ope,
Talbott, Warner, Watkins, Wheeler, Daniel B, Wright,
and John V. Wiight—'46-
So'the bill was passed.
Pending the call,
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Spinner, had paired off for this
week, with Mr. Seward.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
NORWOOD M'CLELLAND.
Mr. SAPP. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table Senate
bill (No. 276) for the relief of Norwood McClel-
land, master of the steamboat New World, for
reference to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. SAPP. I move to suspend the rules, and
call for tellers on that motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Comback
and Denver were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 95, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr. SAPP called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As there is no
quorum in the House, I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I think it doubtful
whether there is a quorum in the House. I there-
fore move a call of the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can we do any-
thing without a quorum?
The SPEAKER. It is apparent to the CKair
that there is a quorum present.
Mr. JONES. There was not on the last count.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have been
ordered, as the Chair supposes, for the purpose
of ascertaining whether there is a quorum present.
It is in the nature of a recount.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
102, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bell,
llenry Bennett, Benson, Biilinghurst, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Buftmton, Burlmgame, Lewis D. Campbell, Car-
lile, Ezra Claik, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Cox,
Cra in, Cullen, Cumbaek, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy
Davis, Dean, Denver, Dowdell, Durfee, Edwards, Eustis,
Evans, faulkner, Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas j. D.
Fuller, Gallowav, Gilbert, Grantor, Greenwood, Harlan,
j.Morrison Harris, Harrison, Haven, Holloway, t homas
E. Horton, Valentine B. Ilorton, Hughston, Kenuett, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Mace, Matteson, Max
welLMeaehani, Kiilian Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Murray,
Andrew Oliver, I'ame, Parker, Peck, Pelton, Pennington,
Perry, Pike, Piingle, Fnrviance, Puryear, Kcady, Ricaud,
Roberts, Sandidge, Sapp, Scott, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
Sneed, Stanton, Stephens, Stranahan, Swope, Xalbott,
Tappan, Taylor, Tlionngton, Thurston, Todd, Tyson, Valk,
Wakeman,Wall)ticlge, \Valdion, Walker, Israel &shburn,
Welch, Wells, Williams, and Woodruff—10*2.
NAYS — Messrs. Barksdale, Bocock, Branch, Brooks,
Burnett, Cadwalader, John F. Campbell, Caskie, Clinginan,
Howell Cobb, Elliott, Florence, Foster, Giddings, Groode,
George W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel
S.Marshall, Smith Miller, Mill&on,Phek)S,Rutfin, William
Smith, Stewart, Trafton, Warner, WatRins, Wheeler, and
Daniel B. Wright—32.
So the rules were suspended, two thirds voting1
in favor thereof. ,
The bill was then taken up from the Speaker s
table, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. EUSTIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union be discharged from the
consideration of Senate bill (No. 14) to remove the
obstructions to navigation in the mouth of the
Mississippi river at the Southwest Pass, and Pass
a l'Outre, and that the bill may be put on its
passage. ,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. I want to know if it is not competent
for me to demand the regular order of business ?
Here is the printed order of business, in which
it is stated to be in order to go to the business on
the Speaker's table. If it is competent for me to
do so, I demand the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated what
is the regular order of business; but gentlemen
interfere with the regular orders by moving to sus-
pend the rules, which they are allowed to do on
this day. . , ,
Mr. SMITH. I object to the motion of the
gentleman from Louisiana.
Mr. EUSTIS. I move to suspend the rules to
enable me to make the motion.
Mr. SMITH. I think the rules ought not to
be suspended except by a vote of yeas and nays. •
1 demand the yeas and nays.
.The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HAVEN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.Taylor and
Pelton were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 87, noes 35.
So, two thirds having voted in the affirmative,
the rules were suspended.
The bill was then taken up for considera-
tion.
Mr. EUSTIS. I will merely state, for the in-
formation of the House, that this appropriation
has been reduced $300,000. The bill, as it
came from the Senate, made an appropriation of
$630,000. The Committee on Commerce reported
in favor of reducing the appropriation to $330,000.
I now move that the bill be put on its passage;
and demand the previous question.
The House was divided on seconding the call
for the previous question; and there were—ayes
69, noes ^2; no quorum.
Mr. HUGHSTON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hughstoh
and Walker were appointed.
The previous question was seconded; the
tellers having reported—ayes 87, noes 31.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The first amendment, proposed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, was reported, as follows:
Insert the words "and thirty," so that the section will
read as follows : ,
That, for the opening and keeping open ship channels
of sufficient capacity to Sccoininodate tiie wants of com-
merce tliiough the Southwest Pass and Pass a 1 Outre,
leading from tlie Mississippi river into the Gulf oi Mexico,
the sum of $330,000 lie, and the same is hereby, appropri-
ated, to be paid out of any money m the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated,and to he expended under the superin-
tendence of the Secretary of War.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was reported, and agreed to, as fol-
lows:
Strike out the following:
That, for continuing the improvement of the channels at
the mouths ofthe Mississippi river, the sum of $330,000 be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated ; and it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of War to apply said sum
to the opening and keeping open of said channels, by con-
tract or otherwise.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read a third
time.
' Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered. _ _
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 35; as follows:
VEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bell,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Biilinghurst, Bingham, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffinton, Burlingainc, JohnP- Camp-
bell, Lewis r>. Campbell, Ezra Clark,Clavvson, Colfax, Cox,
Cragin, Cullen, Cumbaek, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis,
Tiniothy Davis, Dean, Denver, Duriee, Edwards, tnglisli,
Buatis, Evans. Flacler, Henry M. Fuller,Galloway, Gilbert,
Granger, Greenwood, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Harrison,
Haven, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Hor-
ton, Hushston, Kelly, Kenuett, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Mace, Alexander K.Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, Matteson, Kiilian Miller, Smith Mi er, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Murray, Paine, Parker, Peek, Pelton, Pen-
nington, Perry, Pike, Pnngle, Purviance, Ready, Ricaud,
Roberts, Sandidge, Sapp, Scott, Simmons, Sneed, Stanton,
Stranahan, Swope, Taylor, 1 fionngwn, Tliurston, 1.odd,
Trafton Tvson, Valk, Wakeman, W nlbridge, Waidroiv,
Walker' Watkins, Welch, Wells, Williams, Woodruff,
anNAY°S ^Messrs.0 Aiken, Barksdale, Bocock, Branch,
Burnett, Cadwalader, Carlile. Caskie, Clmgman, Y\ ilham-
son R \V. Cobb, Dowdell, Edmundson, F.lliott. Florence,
Frnter, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Grow, George W.
Jones, Keitt, Letcher, Lumpkin, McMnllm, Millson An-
drew Oliver, Phelps, Puryear, Rufhn, bamuel A. Smith,
Stephens, Stewart, Warner, Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright,
and John V. Wright—35.
So the bill was passed.
. Mr. DAVIDSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FAMINE AT THE CAPE DE VERDE ISLANDS.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to submit a resolution; and it
there be objection, I shall move to suspend the
rUMr. CRAGIN. I beg leave to report the fol-
