1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Geyer.
Senate.
the majority report places the responsibility where
I am disposed to place it—upon those who oper-
ate at a safe distance, and expose themselves to
none of the dangers of the strife which they
foment and promote.
Mr. President, the minority report undertakes
to apologize for my constituents, as well as for
those who engaged in the contest at the instiga-
tion or under the patronage of associations in the
other States, but does it on an assumption that I
cannot admit, and I feel a stronger desire to vindi-
cate them against that apology than all else which
has been said in this Chamber. I cannot agree
that they have yielded to a temptation, which it
is said this law presented, and the encouragement
it gave to acts of violence and disorder; and that
they have been unabfe to restrain themselves
when unprovoked by assaults from another quar-
ter; nor will I consent to accept for them a defense
intended for their assailants, and which for that
purpose only, regards the acts of both parties as
justifiable, if not praiseworthy.
In order to sustain the conclusions of the mi-
nority report, its author goes back a great dis-
tance, and brings under review " the action of
Congress in relation to ail those thirteen Terri-
tories" which are now States of the Union, and
affirms that " it was conducted on a uniform prin-
ciple to settle by a clear provision the law in rela-
tion to the subject of slavery, by which it was
expressly prohibited or allowed to remain, not
leaving it in any one of those cases open to con-
troversy—that this was done under a power too
clear to be doubted, and resulted iasecurihg peace
and prosperity—that by the act of the 6th of
March, 1820, a contract was made that Missouri
should be admitted without prohibition, and
slavery Jbrever abolished in the rest of the territory
ceded by France, north and west of that State—
that under this arrangement Missouri teas admitted
as a slaveholding State, Arkansas organized as a
Territory, and slavery allowed therein, and after-
wards admitted as a slaveholding State. That in
1850 a second contract was made, the slaveholding
States agreeing that the organization of New
Mexico and Utah as Territories without prohibi-
tion should, together with the existing laws, settle
forever the whole subject—that both the contracts,
called compromises, were broken and disregarded
by the act of 1854—that this measure is a novel
experiment, as well as a breach of faith, proclaim-
ing an open course for a race of rivalship, pro-
Yoking and encouraging a struggle for political
supremacy, the necessary consequence of which
was strife in the Territory organized, and in that
struggle it was justifiable, and even commendable,
for all persons to engage individually, or by or-
ganized associations." These propositions I
sihall take leave to controvert.
The first attempt, under the Constitution, to
settle, by a clear provision, the law on the sub-
ject of slavery in a Territory, was in 1819, in the
case of Arkansas during the first agitation of the
Missouri question. The first enactment of'Con-
gress prohibiting slavery anywhere was not in any
act for the organization of a territorial government,
but in the act of March 6,1830, authorizing the
people of Missouri to form a State government.
Ali the territory northwest of the Ohio was
embraced by the ordinance of 1787, passed by the
Congress of the Confederation. It contains two
distinct parts: the first is an organic law for the
temporary government of the whole district. The
second consists of articles of compact between the
original States and the people and Slates, in the said
Territory, to provide, among other things, " for
the establishment of States and permanent gov-
ernment therein, and for their admission to a share
in the Federal councils on an equal footing with
the original States." This compact, the sixth
article of which prohibits slavery in the Territory,
it was declared should " remain forever unalter-
able unless by common consent." Though the
ordinance was passed without constitutional au-
thority, it was regarded as a compact by Congr&ss
in their subsequent legislation under the Consti-
tution. The obligation of the compact being recog-
nized, the organization of, Territories within the
tract of country embraced by the ordinance was
made to conform to it; that is to say, the pro-
hibition, which was declared to be perpetual, was
not repealed.
There was no provision settling the law on the
subject df slavery in any of the acts authorizing
any of the territorial governments south of the
Ohio, and east of the Mississippi. Where the
government was to be similar, or conform to the
ordinance of 1787, the sixth article of the com-
| pact was excepted. The acts for the organization
i of temporary governments west of the Missis-
sippi, prior to the year 1836, contain no provision,
directly or indirectly, concerning slavery. In all
these Territories east and west of the Mississippi
there was no provision expressly prohibiting, or
allowing slavery. All left it to be regulated by
| the local law, that is, non-intervention, the prin-
ciple of the Kansas-Nebraska act, and of the com-
promise of 1850.
It appears, then, that in seven of the thirteen
Territories named in the minority report, there
was no provision in the organic laws settling the
question of slavery, to which must be added New
Mexico and Utah, making nine out of eighteen,
organized before the passage of the Kansas-Ne-
braska act, without prohibition or express recog-
| nition of slavery. It should be remembered also,
I that the whole of the other nine were covered
either by the compact of1787, orthe so-called com-
promise of 1820, recognized as such by the south-
ern States, until they were obliged to surrender
all hope that it would be observed, convinced by
successiv^Bvepudiations that it never had been
regarded by the other parties as obligatory on
them. It is worthy of remark, also, that Con-
gress did not undertake, nor did the southern
States ever ask them, to establish, or even to
recognize, slavery by law anywhere.
But it is enough that, in all the Territories
where slavery actually existed to any consider-
able or general extent, and in at least two where it
did not in fact exist—making nine out of eighteen
—there was no interference with the subject by
Congress. So that the act of 1854 is not " a novel
experiment."
The legislation of Congress in relation to the
Territories is claimed in the minority report to
"furnish a practical cotemporaneous copstruc-
tion" of the Constitution, establishing the power
of Congress in the Territories on the subject of
slavery to be absolute and unlimited, and that,
beyond the possibility of doubt or apology for
skepticism. This position the honorable Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Collamek] has attempted to
reinforce in his speech, and, as I entertain a very
different opinion, 1 propose to examine the pre-
cedents upon which he relies.
The ordinance of 1787 embraced all the terri-
tory northwest of the Ohio; and, although it was
recognized by Congress after the adoption of the
Constitution in the acts organizing territorial
governments in that district of country, it was not
reenacted. The new government was bound by
all the contracts of the Confederation. That obli-
gation, in respect to the ordinance of 1787, was
recognized by Congress in the acts referred to,
which assented to the organic law already in force,
but did not attempt to reenact or repudiate any
"article of the compact between the original States
and the people and States in the Territory."
These acts of Congress were passed in the execu-
tion of a contract of recognized obligation, not
under an independent power of legislation. And
here I take occasion to remark, that what oc-
curred in respect to the recognition of the com-
pact of 1787 occurred also in respect to the sup-
posed compromises at a later period. It appears
that southern representatives, when they suppose
that they have made a contract, do not seek for
excuses to- escape from its obligation, (although
it be not legal,) while it is observed by other
parties. Although the original compact was with-
out constitutional authority, they aid not scruti-
nize the powers of the Confederation in order to
contest the legal validity of the sixth article, or
any other of the compact or organic law con-
tained in the ordinance; it was enough for them
to know that a compact was intended, and they
recognized the moral obligation to observe it. So,
for thirty years after the Missouri compromise
so-called, and until they lost all hope of its recog-
nition or observance by the other parties, they
adhered to it with unwavering fidelity.
1 passed over the act of 2<f August, 1789, be-
muse, although the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire claimed it to be a reenactment of the
ordinance of 1787, the proposition was abund-
antly refuted by the honorable Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] whose interpretation of
the act I understood to be assented to by the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan;] and
that is, to adapt the ordinance to the present
Constitution by transferring to the executive
department of the new government the power of
appointing and removing officers vested by the or-
dinance of the Congress of the Confederation, and
i to provide for the case of vacancies in the office
of Governor. This is all that was intended or
I accomplished by the act.
i The honorable Senator from Vermont [Mr.
i Collamer] endeavors to sustain his proposition,
that the disputed power over slavery in the Ter-
•i ritories is established by the cotemporaneous
construction of the Constitution, by referring to
the act of 1798, providing for the government of
: Mississippi Territory, the first instituting a ter-
ritorial government independent of any compact,
and in territory over which the United States
" exercised jurisdiction, though Georgia claimed
adversely. That act did not purport to prohibit
or regulate slavery in the Territory, but left it to
the local law by excluding the sixth article of the
ordinance of 1787. The assertion of a general
power over the subject is inferred by the Senator
from a clause prohibiting the introduction of
slaves from an y place "without the United States.''
Was not the honorable Senator aware that this
clause depends on the power to regulate com-
merce, to prohibit the foreign slave trade, except
in States existing at the adoption of the Constitu-
tion, prior to 1808, and everywhere in the United
States afterwards ?
The act of 26th March, 1804, providing for the
fovernment of the Territory of Orleans, (part of
<ouisiana,) was referred to by the Senator for
j the same purpose. It contains the same provision,
j enacted under the same power, and prohibits also
the introduction of slaves which had been imported
into the UnitedJStates against law, after the 1st
May, 1798, or by any person other than a citizen
of the United States, bona fide emigrants, and
settlers. Of this act it is enough to say, that it
was not passed under any claim of power to pro-
hibit or establish slavery in a Territory, but is
to be referred to the power before-mentioned.
The honorable Senator omitted, however, to state
that the act was ^repealed in less than a year by
the act of 3d March, 1805, and therefore it is not
available as a precedent, still less does it afford
evidence of tne cotemporaneous construction
claimed.
There was an attempt to abolish slavery in
Arkansas in 1819, in direct opposition to the
principle which the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont says was uniform, that is, " where slavery
was actually existing to any considerable or
general extent," as in Arkansas, " to suffer it to
remain." In that case there was a well-sustained
effort on the part of the northern Representatives
1 to impose a prohibition, and finally there was a
tie vote—eighty-eight to eighty-eight. Arkansas
was saved by the casting vote of tne Speaker. A
majority of all the Representatives of every non-
slaveholding State, with perhaps one exception,
voted in favor of the prohibition.* This, accord-
ing to the minority report, was a violation of prin-
ciple by every State, a majority of whose Repre-
sentatives voted to prohibit slavery in Arkansas;
and the decision against the prohibition must be
regarded as a construction of the Constitution
against the power claimed.
The eighth section of the act of 1820, called
the Missouri compromise, was not passed in the
execution of any power to organize territorial
governments. It is either a compact, or an ordi-
nary provision of law; if the former, it is not a
precedent for any act prohibiting slavery in the
Territories under the Constitution, independent
of a compact. As an ordinary act of Congress, it
depends for its effect wholly on the Constitution.
As a compact it may not be legally obligatory,
but it imposes a moral obligation on the parties
independent of the law. The act in question is
a precedent only as an ordinary act of legislation,
passed, as the Senator from Vermont says, by
* See Ajtpmdix,
