4m
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
February 20,
my colleague has alluded, the Governor of the
gtate of Illinois was written to upon the subject;
and he wrote a letter, which I have before me,
the concluding sentence of which is in these
•frords: '* Our constitution could not prescribe the
qualification of members of Congress, in my
Opinion." This is signed by " Joel A.Matteson,"
Governor of the State. That is the Governor's
opinion. The chief justice of the State, as I have
stated, has been appointed to office by the Presi-
dent of the United States, and holds it now.
That fact shows his understanding of the consti-
tution. I have no intention to argue the subject.
I merely design, in consequence of what has been
said, to make a few suggestions—not to argue
them.
The clause in dispute in the constitution of the
State of Illinois is a peculiar one. It embraces
only ten or a dozen lines. I apprehend that, on
a close examination of that clause it will be a
matter of extreme doubt whether the constitu-
tion of the State of Illinois intended to apply at
all to any officer except an officer of the State.
The language is:
"The judges of the supreme and circuit courts shall not
be eligible to'any other office or public trust of profit m
this State, or the United States, during the term for which
they are elected, nor for one year thereafter."
" In this State or the United States" is the lan-
guage. What offices? Offices of the State of Illi-
nois " in the State or the United States." Does
anybody suppose that, the convention of the State
of Illinois intended to declare that, if a person who
had been elected judge in Illinois, and thought
proper to remove to Kentucky, ifyou please, after
holding the office of judge in Illinois, and if the
people of the State of Kentucky should have
sufficient confidence in him to elect him ajusticc
of the peace, he could not hold the office of jus-
tice of the peace in Kentucky because the con-
stitution of Illinois had said that he should not
hold any other office "in the United States?"
No one could give such a construction. Let me
say again to the Senator from Connecticut, that
the constitution of the State of Illinois does not
say that all votes cast for a judge during the term
for which he is elected and for one year there-
after shall be void. It does not say any such
thing, and you can only make it out by construc-
tion to mean that. It says this: " All votes cast
for either of them for any elective office, (except
that of judge of the supreme or circuit court,)
given by the General Assembly, or the people,
shall be void."
"Cast for them." For whom? The antece-
dent of them is " judges." The language is not
"for them during the term for which they are
elected, and one year thereafter," but " votes cast
for them." Now I do not say that it may not
be construed to meaiCf that—possibly it may; but
it is not necessary for the decision of the ques-
tion hero involved, that the Constitution of the
United States and the constitution of the State
of Illinois should be supposed to be in conflict.
You have to overrule all these provisions, and to
insert the words, " all votes cast for them during
the term for which they are elected, and one year
thereafter," to make the clause apply to my case.
There are no such words in the constitution, but
the first line of the same clause is " the judges of
the supreme court shall receive a salary of $1,200
per annum, payable quarterly, and no more."
Docs anybody suppose that a judge could draw
that salary after he had resigned ? Clearly that
would not be contended. May you not as well
say he would be entitled to his salary after he
was out of office, as to say that the votes cast for
him, or " them—" in the language of the clause,
speaking of both circuit and supreme judges—
should be void. It may mean what I have stated;
I do not say it necessarily means so; but I wish
to call the attention of gentlemen to the point, that
there is not necessarily involved an incompat-
ibility between the Constitution of the United
States and the constitution of the State of Illi-
nois. If, however, it did involve that question,
then would arise the other point which 1 stated a
short time ago, that the power to elect a Senator
is not in the people of a State—not m the consti-
tutional convention of a State, but in the Legisla-
ture.
^ Sir, this body is composed of the representa-
tives of the States. The people of a State have a
right to make a Legislature; and when they have
made a Legislature the power to elect a Senator of
the United States is conferred on that Legislature
by the Constitution of the United States, and not
by the people of the State. They can neither
give the power nor take it away. It being deriv-
ative from the Constitution of the United States,
to that you must look to see whether the Senator
elect is properly qualified to take his seat or not.
k/ CLAYTON-BULWEU TREATY.
Mr. CRITTENDEN (before the morning busi-
ness was through) rose and said: I beg the in-
dulgence of the Senate for a few moments, in
relation to a matter which concerns very much
the absent Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clay-
ton,] who has been for some days, and will prob-
ably be for some days longer, detained from his
seat in the Senate. The matter of which I speak
is in relation to some remarks made by the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] whom I saw here a moment ago, but who
is not now in his place.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator that I understand my colleague has left the
Chamber and has gone to his lodgings.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 have some explana-
tions to make in regard to the remarks made by
that Senator on a former occasion; but as he is
not here, I must postpone them for the present.
At a later period of the proceedings, Mr. Wil-
son being present, the Senate, on Mr. Critten-
den's motion, resumed the consideration of the
motion to refer to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations Lord John Russell's letter in relation to
the treaty of April 19, 1850.
Mr.CRITTENDEN. Mr.President,wcknow
from a debate, which is not yet finished, but
which was commenced some time ago, in rela-
tion to Central America and the Clayton-Bulwor
treaty, as it is commonly called, that among the
various points of controversy which have arisen
in regard to the interpretation of that treaty, one
prominent question relates to the Island of Roa-
tan. By the American interpretation, that island
is regarded as a part of Central America, and is
therefore to be abandoned by Great Britain, and
she is to withdraw from her possessions. She
now contends that the treaty had such a prospect-
ive effect only as not, to require her to leave any
previous possessions which she had before ac-
qu ired.
These preliminary remarks are necessary to a
clear understanding of what E now propose to call
to the attention of the Senate, and to ask of the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] an
explanation. We, here, with a voice almost
unanimous—as Iunderstand, with the concurrence
of that Senator himself—maintain a construction
of this treaty by which Great Britain is bound to
withdraw from the Island of Roatan. The hon-
orable Senator himself says, in those remarks,
that he concurs in the American interpretation, by
which Great Britain, if she had previous posses-
sion, is bound to withdraw from it in virtue of
the provisions of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty; yet,
in the conclusion of his remarks, made in reply
to the honorable Senator from Lousiana, [Mr.
Benjamin,] he said: " 1 do not believe that claim
of England just in any way." That claim of
Great, Britain which he denounced as unjust in
any and every way, is the construction by which
she claims to retain ]>ossession of Roatan. He
said:
" I do not believe that claim of England iust in any way.
I believe it to bo a more assumption. T think that her action
is an outrage on the State of Honduras. Bueh, however,
was her claim ; and 1 think it wjtl turn nut, on investiga-
tion, (and perhaps it will some time come to light,) that
when the tieatv was Iramed it was distinctly understood
that Roatan did not rome withm ltd provision, and that it
was excepted with the Belize."
It seems to me, sir, that this latter declaration
is not exactly consistent with the previously ex-
pressed opinions of the Senator; but with that I
have nothing to do. It implies, as is understood,
a reflection upon the American negotiator that,
whatever may appear upon the face of the treaty,
there is something behind-hand—something con-
cealed—which sooner or later may come to light,
which will show that Roatan did not come within
the provisions of the treaty, " but that it was ex-
cepted with the Belize."
Now, I ask the honorable Senator what dis-
closure is to be made, or what discovery of a new
fact is to come to light, which will show that Roatan
was excepted, and did not come within the pro-
visions of the treaty? There is no public docu-
ment laid before us to that effect. Did our nego-
tiator, while making a treaty in one set of terms,
suppress or conceal a private understanding in
opposition to the terms of the treaty itself? Is
such a fact as that the thing which is to come to
light hereafter, to show that Roatan is not com-
prehended within the terms of the treaty? If our
negotiator has been guilty of such a thing, he has"
acted a very unworthy part. I will ask"the gen-
tleman, at this, stage of my remarks, to explain
what is intended—what is tJie fact which has come
to his knowledge, and which may hereafter come
to our knowledge, that will show that Roatan was
secretly and privately, by an understanding be-
tween the negotiators, to be reserved out of the
effect which the letter and reasonable provisions
of the treaty would seem to imply?
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, in response to
the question submitted by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, I will endeavor to explain the
language used by me the other day, in reply to
the honorable Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Ben-
jamin.] The Senator from Louisiana thought
that I had stated the British claims in regard to
Roatan stronger than the facts would warrant.
What I intended to say, in reply to the sugges-
tions of the Senator from Louisiana, was this:
that the British made the claim that Roatan was
a part of the Belize; that the settlers living there
were connected with the Government at the Belize
at the time this treaty was made; and that,by the
terms of the understanding between the negotia-
tors, Roatan was excepted with the Belize settle-
ments.
In my remarks, I had no idea of saying that
the distinguished Secretary of State at that time,
who negotiated that treaty, had undertaken to
deceive the Senate or the country; and I most
deeply regret that that distinguished negotiator,
or his friends, or any one,should understand me
as making the slightest reflection on him. From
the moment I came here, up to the present time,
I have received nothing but acts of kindness and
courtesy from that Senator, and I entertain for
him the most profound respect.
The language quoted by the Senator from Ken-
tucky is stronger than what I uttered on that
occasion; but I do not believe that even thai state-
ment will fully bear out the construction placed
upon it by the Senator from Kentucky. I under-
stand the fact to be, that the claim is now set up
by Great Britain that the Government of the
United States knew, at the time when the treaty
was negotiated, that she claimed the Roatan island
as part of British Honduras—that our Govern-
ment knew that she claimed it early in 1850. The
Serator will find that statement in the Globe from
which he read. My colleague tells me that it is
to be found in the paper of the preceding day. I
read in it a statement, that the Government of
England,early in 1850,notified this Government
that England held possessions at the Belize and
in Honduras, and claimed that the Island of Roa-
tan was excepted from the treaty, under the
terms of the understanding between the nego-
tiators.
Now, sir, a word in reference to the point of
anything coming to light hereafter. I have no
special knowledge that any particular understand-
ing between the negotiators will ever come to
light, and I did not mean so to state; but what I
meant to state was this: that if our Government
was thus early notified in regard to the matter,
before the treaty was negotiated, the facts might
come to light some time which might show that
the claim made by England now is in accordance
with her understanding at the time it was made.
I believe she has no right to Roatan, no right
south of the Siboon—that her claim is entirely un-
founded. I stand by the American construction.
I regret exceedingly that the Senator from Del-
aware should imagine that I could utter a word
here reflecting on him. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky has read my remarks as reported in full,
he will find 1 speak of the American negotiator,
and of his objects in securing the treaty, with the
most unqualified respect and regard.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am gratified with the
explanation which the Senator from Massachu-
setts has made. I am very much gratified that
he thinks as I do about the conduct of our nego-
tiator on that occasion. I consider the negotia-
