S068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 12,
fore omitted to perform, and I want it to be acted
on now.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That proposition has been
reported on favorably, together with one for a
building at Springfield, Illinois, for a United States
court-room and post ofiice.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I will accept the
amendment, and add:
. And a building for the same purposes at Springfield, Illi-
nois.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. 1 move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will ask the Senate to
indulge me with a short executive session. It
will not take more than a few minutes.
Mr. PRATT. The motion to adjourn has pre-
cedence.
Mr. CLAY. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Has not my motion the
T)rccc(lcnc6 ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
for adjournment has precedence.
Mr." WELLER. I desire to ask whether my
fortification bill will come up to-morrow, attwelve
o'clock, or one o'clock. Is there more than one
hour now devoted to morning business ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are two
hours now, and it will come up at one o'clock.
The question is on the adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, JHugust 12, 1856.
The House met at eleven o'clock,a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. :
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. I
The SPEAKER laid before the Hons? the an- j
nual statement of the Secretary of the Interior of
the expenditure for contingencies in his Depart-1
mcnt to the close of the year ending June 30,
1855; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
GUSTAVUS B. HORNER.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
rules of the House be suspended for the purpose
of discharging the Committee of the Whole House
from the further consideration of House hill (No.
'143) for the relief of the legal representatives of
Gustavus Jj. Horner, deceased.
The bill was read. I edit eels the proper account-
ing officcis of the Treasmy to settle the account
of Gustavus D. Horner, deceased,as a surgeon's
mate of the general hospital of the Army of the
United States during the revolutionary war, and
to allow his legal representatives compensation
equal to five years' full pay of a captain of infan-
try in the service of the United States on conti-
nental establishment, without interest, (which
five years' full pay is the commutation for his
half pay for life,) 10 be paid to the legal repre-
sentatives of Gustavus B. Homer out of any
money not otherwise appropriated.
From the report it appears that the petitioners
are the Irgal representatives of Dr. Gustavus B.
Horner, and represent that the said Gustavus R.
Horner was a surgeon's mate in the revolutionary
army, and that he served till the end of the war,
and they claim commutation of five years' full
pay m iieu of half pay for life, as justly due to
them for his service as surgeon's mate; and they
rest their claim on the promise made by Congress
on the 21st of October, 1780, the 17th of January,
]7Si, and1 by the act of March, 1783.
It was proved that Dr. Horner was a surgeon's
mate of the general hospital of themidrlle district
by commission from the Continental Congress,
dated in 1778; that he was in actual service for
about four years, and until the autumn of 1782, and
after the French forces had returned to the north
from the surrender of the enemy at Yorktown,
in Virginia. It is probable that he was not again
engaged in active service during the few remain-
ing months of the war which elapsed after that
period; but it appears, from the evidence filed with
the petition* that he did not, after the aforemen-
tioned a"!"*** resign, (lis commission, but
only retired as a supernumerary ready for ser-
vice whenever he should be required; for, in ad-
dition to the other parol evidence, it appears that
he held his commission till the end of the war;
and the commission itself, left by him among his
papers, is now produced by the petitioners. And
as evidence of the view in which the Legislature
of Maryland, of which State he was a citizen,
and in whose line he served, regarded "his ser-
vices, they also file a copy of a resolution of the
General Assembly of that State, allowing to his
widow a pension for her life equal to the half pay
of a surgeon's mate, in consideration of the rev-
olutionary services of her husband in the line of
that State.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask a question.
We passed a bill the other day, which I under-
stand has become a law, providing pensions for
all the officers who served to the end of the Rev-
olution, including surgeons' mates. Now, I de-
sire to know why it is that, after providing in a
general law for this class of officers, it is now-
proposed to legislate specially in this particular
case ?
Mr. SMITH. I will say to the gentleman
from Alabama, that if he had listened to the read-
ing of the report he would have discovered that
Dr. Horner served in the army regularly until the
surrender of Yorktown. After that time he oc-
cupied the position of supernumerary. The At-
torney General has decided that he was entitled
to full pay until the close of the war.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is this debate in order?'
If it is not, I object to its proceeding.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire merely to under-
stand the bill. I desire to ask the gentleman from
Virginia one additional question, not to debate it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is not in order at this
stage of the proceedings, and I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not wish to debate; I
merely wiwh to make an inquiry.
The SPEAKER. Inquiries are in the nature
of debate, and not in order except by unanimous
consent.
The question was put on suspending the rules;
and there were—ayes 70, noes 41—no quorum.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millson
and McCahty were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 97, noes 37.
So the rules were suspended, two thirds having
voted therefor.
Mr. SMITH. I offer the following amend-
ment, and call for the previous question:
Strike out the words', u his legal representatives com-
pensation equal to five yeats' lull pay of a captain of
infantry in tin. service of' the United States on continental
establishment, without intmest, (which five >ears' lull pay
i«i fhe commutation ioi his half pay for life.) to he paid to
the legal repir-?euiauve-< of the slid Gumuvih 1*. Horner,
out of any money not othci wise appropriated ;M and m lieu
thereof insei t the Jollou mjj:
In the settlement of said account, the half pav of a
hospital phwcian. oi surgeon on eontinental establishment,
fiom the close of the ievolutionary war u until his death, if
that oeeuued belore the day of March, 18-26, hut if he
died attei that 1 ime, then up to "the oil day oj Maieh, 1^-26,"
and deduetm:? therefiom any commutation that may have
been teeeived hysaid singeon's mate.orhisrepicsentative^,
tinder the resolution of the 23d of March. 11o3, and pay to
the legal xepiosentauves of the said Gu>t ivus B. floniei,
deceased, out of any money not otherwise appropriated,
the amount, without interest, that may be so ascertained to
be due for liis half pay for lue.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question was ordered to be put.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill as
amended was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. SMITH. I call for the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question was ordered to be put,
Mr. HAVEN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to.
The question was taken on the passage of the
bill, and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
90, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Barclay, Bell, Benson, Billing-
hurst, Bowie, Bradshaw, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Car-
hie, Caruthers, Caskte, bayard Clarke, Ezra CJark, Claw-
son, Colfax, Oomins, Coyote, Cullen, Timothy Davis, Den-
ver, Dickson, Elliott, Erarie, Evans, Florence, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Galloway, Gilbert, Goode, Harrison, Herbert,
Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, flughston, Kelly,
Kennett,Lindley,IVIace, AlexanderK. Marshall, Matteson,
Kiltian Miller, Mill ward, Morrill, Mott, Nichols, Mordecai
Oliver, Parker, Peek, Pelton, Pike, Porter, Kicaud, Ritchie,
Rivers. Ruffin, Sahm, Sandidge, Sapp, Savage, Seward,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Tappan, Tavlor,
Todd, T/afton, Trippe, Vail, Valk, Wakeman, Walker,
Warner, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Wash-
burue, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Watson, Welch, Wells,
Whitney, Williams, Woodruff, and John V. Wright—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Barbour, Henry Bennett, Hend-
ley S. Bennett, Bliss. Branch, Buflmton, James H. Camp-
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Clmgman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cragin, Crawford, Cumback,
Damrell, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, Edie, Ed-
wards, English, Flagler, Giddings, Granger, Greenwood,
Grow, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Ha-
ven, Hickman, Holloway, Houston, Kelsey,Knapp, Knight,
Knox, Kuakel, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, McCarty, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan,
Murray, Norton, Orr, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Phelps,
Powell, Pringle, Purviance, Puryear, Quitman, Roberts,
Rust, Sage, Sherman, Simmons, Sneed, Stranahan, Wade,
Walbridge, Waldron, Wheeler, Wmslow, Wood, Wood-
worth, and Daniel B. Wright—78.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call,
Mr. EDIE said that his colleague, Mr. Robi-
son, was confined to his room by illness.
Mr. SMITH moved to reconsider the vot©
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed the bill mak-
ing appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1857, with sundry
amendments; and a joint resolution (S. R. No.
38) respecting the distribution of certain public
documents; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
LEGISLATIVE, EXECUTIVE, AND JUDICIAL
APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
bill making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment, for the year ending the 30th of June, 1857,
with the amendments of the Senate thereto, be
taken from the Speaker's table, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
There being no objection, the bill and amend-
ments were taken up, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER stated that reports were in
order from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I am
directed by the Committee on Public Lands to
report back a bill (H. R. No. 14) for the benefit
of the Pacific Rnilroad Company, incorporated
by the State of Missouri, with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute. As the question is
one of vast importonce, involving the interest of
every section of the country, I hope attention will
be paid to the reading of the substitute.
Mr. WOOD. How does the bill get here?
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call on committees for reports. The
gentleman makes a report from the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. WOOD. A special committee was created
by this House for the purpose of investigating
this subject of railroad and telegraphic commu-
nication with the Pacific ocean. For three months
they have devoted their attention to that subject,
and are now, and have been for weeks, ready to
report. About this bill of the gentleman from
Michigan we know nothing; while those proposed
by the majority and minorities of the special com-
mittee have been before the House in print and
often to examination. I ask that the select com-
mittee be allowed to report.
The SPEAKER. The report is in order, and
the Clerk will read the substitute proposed by
the committee.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. In order that sn op-
portunity may be afforded to examine this bill
and substitute, I move that the rules be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself into tha
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of going on with the
appropriation bills.
