1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Geyer.
Senate.
This is a misquotation of the Constitution; the
word territory, which has been interpreted by the
Supreme Court «o mean land, gives place to ter-
ritories; a term applied after the adoption of the
Constitution, ana not before, to the district of
country erected into municipal governments or
corporations. But Chancellor Kent, appreciating
the nature of the power he supposed to have
been assumed, remarks:
" Upon the doctrine taught by the act of Congress, and
even by lhe judicial decisions of the Supreme Court, tlie
cnloiusts would be m a state of most complete subordina-
tion, and a? dependent upon the will of Coneress as the
people oftliio country would have been upon the King and
Parliament of Great Britain, if they could have sustained
their claim to bind us 111 all cases whatsoever. Such a state
of absolute sovereignty on the one hand, and of absolute
dependence on til" other, is not congenial with the free and
independent spirit of our native institutions; and the estab-
lishment of distant territorial governments, ruled according
to will and pleasure, would have a very nntural tendency,
as all proconsular governments have had, to abuse and op-
pression."
Mr. President, is this not a fearful power to be
deduced by complication from a power to insti-
tute a municipal government, itself implied as
incident to some power granted by the Constitu-
tion? It is nothing less than an assertion of a
power opposed to the fundamental principles of
free government, to establish an absolute domin-
ion over the persons and property of all the in-
habitants of the Territories of the United States.
I think I find, in the proceedings of the con-
vention, in the articles of confederation, and in
the ordinance of 1787, compared with the Consti-
tution of the United States, conclusive evidence
that the convention did not contemplate the estab-
lishment of colonies. The ordinance of 1787
had covered the whole of the territory then sup-
posed to belong to the Uiited States, and over
which they had jurisdiction. I see that the Sen-
ator from tonnecticut [Mr. Toccey] signifies his
dissent to the proposition.
Mr. TOUCEY. I do.
Mr. GEYER. I know there was a contro-
versy about territory south of the Ohio. I said
" then supposed to belong to the United States;"
and at the time of the adoption of the Constitu-
tion the ordinance did cover all territory over
which Congress had the admitted jurisdiction.
In the convention which formed the Constitu-
tion, Mr. Madison made propositions to confer
upon Congress several distinctpowers,and among
others, " to dispose of the unappropriated lands
of the United States; to institute temporary gov-
ernments for new States arising therein;" and
" to exercise exclusive legislative authority' at
the seat of the General Government, and over
a district around the same not exceeding 
square miles." Two of these propositions were
found incorporated in the Constitution in other
language, but in apt words to express the inten-
tion of the convention. The power to establish
temporary governments for States or Territories
is not found in the Constitution. Certainly there
is no such power expressly granted; and that
omission is of itself conclusive, iJS my judgment,
against the power now claimed. That conven-
vention, when about to confer powers of exclu-
sive legislation over persons or property, found
apt words in which to express their intent.
The mover of the propositions certainly under-
stood them to be distinct. It never occurred to
him that a power to dispose of unappropriated lands
comprehended a power to institute temporary
governments, and still less general and exclusive
legislative authority; nor, I apprehend, did the
convention, by substituting " territory or other
property" in lieu of "unappropriated lands"
as the subject of the power granted, intend to
include the other powers proposed.
If it had been designed to confer a power to
exercise general and exclusive legislation over the
inhabitants in the Territories in all cases whatso-
ever, it would have been the easiest thing imagin-
able to have expressed that intention by the inser-
tion of a few words in the clause which provides
that Congress shall have power
"To exercise exclusive jurisdiction, in all cases whatso-
ever, over such district, (not exceeding ten miles square,)
a* may, by cession of particular States and the acceptance
of Congress, become the seat of Government of the (Jnited
States; and to exercise like authority over all places pur-
chased by the consent of the Legislature of the State in
■which the same shall be, for the erection of forts, maga-
zines, anemia, dock-yards, and other needful buildings."
Why not insert also " to exercise like author-
ity over the territory belonging to the United
States, or which may hereafter be acquired," if
so large a power was intended to be granted? It
will be observed that the original proposition was
limited to the seat of government; the latter part
of the clause, embracing sites of forts, arsenals,
&c., was added by the convention; and while the
subject of legislation over territory within the
exclusive jurisdiction of the United States was
before them, if they had intended to confer the
disputed power, apt words to accomplished it
would have been inserted.
I agree that all needful rules and regulations
may be made in reference to anything which is
the subject of the power granted by the clause in
question. Whatever Congress can regulate un-
der that power, it may dispose of, and dispose of
| absolutely; and whatever Congress may dispose
of, it may regulate; and it cannot regulate any-
j thing under that clause which it cannot dispose
1 of absolutely.
In Story's Commentaries it is said, truly, that
"the power is not confined to 'territory,' but
extends toother property belonging to the United
States; so that it may apply to the regulation of
other personal or real property rightfully belong-
ing to the United States." The learned com-
mentator, however, afterwards says, that " the
power of^Pongress over the public territory is
clearly exclusive and universal; but the power to
regulate other national "property is not neces-
sarily exclusive unless " Congress have acquired
by cession exclusive jurisdiction: that is to say,
the power in question attaches to territory • as
property;' but the regulation of other property
belonging to the United States depends upon its
being of a particular description, over which Con-
gress acquires jurisdiction under another clause
of the Constitution."
But I submit that both the power and juris-
diction of Congress over the subject of the grant
under the clause in question, depends upon the
proprietary interest of the United States in it,
whether it be territory or other property. There
is no power to dispose of it, or regulate it, unless
it is the property of the United States; and, if
it is, Congress may dispose of, or regulate it,
wherever situate; but the power and jurisdiction
depart with the proprietary interest in territory,
as well as in other property.
All difficulty in ascertaining the subject of the
power under the clause respecting the territory,
&c., will be solved by accepting the interpretation
of the Supreme Court of the United States, in the
United States vs. Gratiot; substituting the words
"public lands" for " territory," the clause will
read—" Congress shall have power to dispose of
and make all needful rules and regulations respect-
ing the public lands or other property belonging to
the United States." This would be sensible and
consistent; but substituting for the word " terri-
tory" something which is to indicate a local gov-
ernment, calling it by the name of " province or
" corporation " 
Mr. CASS. Colony.
Mr. GEYER. Yes, sir; insert the word " col-
onies," and it will red!B: "Congress shall have
power to dispose of and make all needful rules
and regulations respecting the colonies or other
property belonging to the United States." Let
it stand in that form; and where is your power
to dispose of the public lands ? It cannot cover
both; it either means land, the original primary
sense of the word, or it means what the advocates
of the power to prohibit slavery in the Territories
contend for—colonies.
That the subject of the power represented by
the word "territory"is theunappropriated lands,
appears by the proviso, or latter branch of the
clause in question, " that nothing in the Consti-
tution shall be so construed as to prejudice any
claims of the United States or any particular
State." "This," said Mr. Madison, "isproper
in itself, and was probably rendered absolutely
necessary by jealousies and questions concern-
: ing the western territory, sufficiently known to
the public." The claims mentioned were un-
doubtedly claims to unappropriated lands, and
had no relation to colonies, municipal govern-
ments, or legislative power over the persona or
property of individuals.
The primary sense of the word "territory,"
undoubtedly is land, or a tract of country; and it
does not appear to have been employed in any
other sense before the adoption of the Consti-
tution. In the resolutions by Congress, and the
cessions by the States," lands," "unappropriated
lands," "territory," and "tract of country,"
are terms employed to mean the same thing;
sometimes two or three of them are used as con-
vertible in the same instrument. The term "ter-
ritory" was in no instance employed in the sense
of colony, nor applied to designate a political or
municipal division or government. What are now
called Territories were organized as "districts"
before and for some time after the adoption of the
Constitution. The governments northwest and
south of the Ohio were for "districts." The term
"territory" was gradually substituted for "dis-
trict" in legislation, since the adoption of the
Constitution.
Whatever is meant by the. word "territory,"
is the subject of the power. Congress may make
rules and regulations concerning it, whether sit-
uated in a State or elsewhere. The power at-
I taches to the territory wherever it is; and if it is a
power to abolish slavery, Congress may exercise
it in the Stales wherever the United States have
property. It attaches only to " territory or other
property belonging to the United States " at the
time of the exertion of the power, and not to
that which never did belong to them, or which has
been disposed of.
To organize a municipal Government or cor-
poration for a district of country, to prohibit
slavery, or interfere in any way with the law of
property, is not to " make needful rules and reg-
ulations respecting the territory or other property
of the United States " within such district. Such
a government extends over all the territory and
all the inhabitants within the limits defined,
whether the territory belongs to the United
States or not; and is no more necessary or proper
where the Government owns all, than where it
owns none of the territory. Therefore, the
power to institute such a government, and more
especially, an unlimited power to legislate in all
cases whatsoever over persons and property in
the Territories, cannot be deduced from the
clause in question, which is nothing more than
a delegation of power to Congress as the agent of
the United States, the proprietor of real estate
and other property, to dispose of that property
and to make rules and regulations respecting it,
wheresoever situate; that is, for its protection,
preservation, and management, while it remains
the property of the United States, and no longer.
Another source of the power of Congress over
the Territories is supposed to be found in the
power of acquisition. The power to govern is
claimed as an incident to the power to acquire,
to be exercised by Congress under the general
authority " to make all laws which shall be ne-
cessary and proper for carrying into execution
the powers vested by the Constitution in the
Government, or any department thereof." Now
it occurs to me that, when territory is acquired
by treaty, the power to acquire quo ad the subject
of the treaty, is exhausted. The acquisition is
complete when ratifications of the treaty are ex-
changed. The power of acquisition is executed,
and needs no legislation to carry it into execu-
tion.
But it is said, and may be conceded, that the
United States acquire the exclusive sovereignty
and political jurisdiction of territory acquired by
treaty or conquest. Such, undoubtedly, is the
effect of the acquisition under the law of nations.
It does not follow, however, that Congress has
unlimited power to legislate over the territory
or the inhabitants acquired. Congress derives no
intra-territorial powers from the laws of nations.
The sovereignty and jurisdiction are vested in the
nation, not in Congress. I deny that Congress
can acquire any power to legislate over the ac-
quired territory, or the persons and property of
the inhabitants, even by the express provisions
of a treaty, or exercise any power not granted
by the Constitution.
It may be true that the people would be with-
out any government at all, unless Congress pos-
sess the power to establish it; b'ut \t does not
necessarily follow that the power to organize a
