1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
tion of this treaty as one of the highest honors
of which any statesman in the land might well
be proud. It is probable that, the gentleman was
not reported with literal accuracy in the remarks
which he made; but if he was, and if he will
take what is printed and what I have read as
accurate evidence of what he did say, he will
discover, at least, that there is some founda-
tion for the construction which I put upon his
language, that there was something reserved,
something m the dark, something behind-hand,
calcukitcd to give to this treaty a different con-
struction from what irs terms imply. It was
only to obviate that misunderstanding that I
called attention to the matter. Iam satisfied now,
of course, from what he has said, that such was
not the intention of the gentleman. After his
statement and explanation of the facts on which
the insinuation rested, it seems that there was
no ground for it, and, therefore, I forbear to go
further.
Mr. BUTLER. I had a conference with the
distinguished Senator from Delaware and the
distinguished Senator from Kentucky, at his
special instance. I suppose the Senator from
Delaware is justly sensitive upon this question,
and feels deeply anything that might imply a
covert mode of evading what he regards as a
very express stipulation in the treaty itself.
Though he did not complain of what I said, he
lold me that there had been some talk as to a
remark attributed to myself, in which I stated
that, but for the extraneous notes which passed
between the negotiators after the treaty was
made, there would be very little ground for dis-
pute as to its import; and another statement
which I made, that the treaty had been made, I
feared, with snares on the hand.
The honorable Senator from Delaware I sup-
pose, had not read my remarks fully when he
asked me if I would be pleased to give some ex-
planation of them here; for, if he had read, in
conncction with those to which I have alluded,
all that I said, I think tliore could have been but
one opinion as to my position. I stated expressly
that the effort—whether made through her nego-
tiator or in any other way—on the part of Great
Britain to acquire a title to Roatan, and to acquire
a dominion there, through the tenancy of the
Mosquito king, would be a mode of proceeding
which I thought might justly be characterized as
certainly not founded in justice. I made no allu-
sion to the Senator from Delaware in that con-
nection, for I was not aware of as many facts on
this point as he disclosed to me in the conversa-
tion to which I have alluded. I now say this, in
reference to Roatan: Whether there were any
papers which passed between the negotiators or
not, I know not; but I am satisfied, from what the
Senator from Delaware told me, that throughout
the whole negotiation Sir Henry Bulwer was
made to understand that Great Britain, by no im-
plication, by no advantage, by no possession, by
no explanations or notes, and in 110 other way,
could acquire a higher right to Roatan than she
had to Belize; and her right in Belize was con-
trolled by treaty stipulations, making it a mere
usufruct. When Great Britain undertook to at-
tribute to her tenure in Roatan a fee simple inter-
est, though she had only a usufruct in the Belize
to the Rio Hondo, I said it was using a posses-
sion there, through the Mosquito king, which was
not justified in my opinion either by national law
or by the explanations and understandings be-
tween the parties themselves.
That is what I told the Senator from Delaware,
and 1 said further, that if I was understood to im-
pute to him either a disposition to overreach Sir
Henry Bulwer or to be overreached by him, others
attributed to me what I did not intend and what
I did not express. I may now remark, that I
thought I took strong ground the other way.
Mr. TOUCEY. Certainly; I remember it.
Mr. BUTLER. Whilst I may have used some
expression to the effect that the debate in the
Senate had, I feared, not had a propitious effect
on the treaty itself, or on the negotiations which
might take place between the two Governments,
I said that I concurred with Mr. Clayton in the
construction which he had given to the treaty;
and that even ail the extraneous matters, dehors
the record which had been brought in, could not,
in my opinion, control the plain import of the
treaty in any point of view. Here, sir, I will
refer to a matter which he pointed out to me, and
which he desired me to mention. If explanations
on the part of the representatives of Great Britain
herself are to be regarded as authority—and I
suppose they must be regarded to some extent,
as having some influence on public opinion—1
may state that Mr. Crampton was written to by
Mr. Clayton with a view to ascertain, as far as
he could, what was British Honduras. That is
a term which in some measure embarrassed me,
I confess. For fear that I may not do justice to
Mr. Crampton by any statement of his position,
I will call for the reading of his letter.
The Secretary read the following letter:
British Legation, January 7, 1634.
My dear Sir: 1 have the honor to acknowledge the re-
ceipt of 3 our note of to-day'* date, in which \ou inquire of
me—first, wiietlioi theie may not be a mistake in the dis-
patches of my Government, lately communicated to Con-
giess, t-o fai a* llit'v >pcak of iSntish Ilondmas ;\s part of
Cent!al America? Secondly, whether f understand Cen-
tial Ametica a.< embracing anything moic than the five
Cential Ammcan Mates;? And, thndl). whether T undei-
stand the dependencies of Bnti-h Honduras as anything
rnoie than the email islands de&cubed in the treaty oflTSG?
j regret that J am at picsent unable to supply you with
an explicit explanation o( the passaged of the dispatches,
tiom which it a.eems to be inferred that Belize is "tated by
the British Government to be situated in Central America,
as I am not m the possession ot any official communication
ftom my Government in which that question 13 directly
treated.
A fan inference, howevei, from the text of treaties, and
other document'? to winch J have access, with tcgard to the
title of G) eat Britain to British Hoi.duias and its depend-
encies, would lead me to conclude thatButish Honduras is
biuiated in Mexico, and not in Cential Amenca, ptopcily
f-o-cnilcd. In tins opinion I have good iea&on to think the
Government ot the United States concius.
The dependencies of British Honduras are, in my opinion,
distinctly enumciated ni the ticaty of 1186. It oecuis to
mo that,"in the dispatcher- in ques-tion, which, it mu-t be
1 connected, heal ot this somewhat complicated mattei mci-
denti'llvonly, the tcun u Cenual Amenca" may have been
u>ed m fouie gt oatapbieal scn^c in whi< h it ha*, not nnt'ie-
quently h<>en applied to the cenhnl pait of this continent,
and not m the tine political and diplomatic meaning of the.
teim. J would lemark, too, that the boundnucs of Genual
Amcuoa, m the political pense. aie, m <ome re-poet1', not
yet completely defined, more piitieuiailv as tegaids the
jjonndaiy between Costa Uica and A'cw Gienada, which is
still in dispute between those States.
Thc<e :ire myown indmdual impiCPions, and I can onlv
give vou them "a-; such. I shall wiliinglj, however, apply to
myown Government foi a more distuiet explanation of the
matter, which, 1 doubt not, will piove satisfactory to the
Government of the United States and yourself.
I am, my dear su, with much respect, vouis, verv faith-
fully, JNO. F. CRAMPPON.
To the Hon. John M. Clayton, United States Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. The distinguished Secretary
of State who made this treaty is very sensitive,
justly so, perhaps, nnon this subject. He fears
'that there may be a little disposition to suppose
that he did not deal fairly with the Senate in
regard to (he treaty. 1 think otherwise: but, per-
haps, I had better leave that point to him when
lie shall again make his appearanco on the floor
of the Senate. I may say, however, that Air.
Ciayton was very anxious that a fact should go
out to the public which I will state. When Sir
Henry Bulwer insisted that the treaty should
include what he said wore certain islands and de-
pendencies of Belize, adjacent to Honduras, Mr.
Clayton told him substantially, " If you are not
satisfied with the treaty as it is, and with such
explanations as we have made between ourselves,
I must submit it to the Senate, and you must
take the consequences." Sir Henry Bulwer de-
clined, and it was not sent to the Senate in that
way.
Now, sir, so far as I have been able to under-
stand the explanations which have been made on
this question—and I have endeavored to under-
stand them correctly—the relation of Great .Brit-
tain to the possession in Belize is exactly the
relation of landlord and tenant. If Great Britain
entered, under the treaties of 1783 and 1786, as a
tenant at sufferance under Spam, and if all the
rights of Spam have been subrogated to the Cen-
tral American States which were formerly her
provinces—and there can be no difficulty, 1 pre-
sume, on that point—if those iStates have either
derivatively, or by direct conference on them, the
rights which Spain had, then I say Great Britain
was a tenant of Belize, a mere usufructuary
tenant to use the Belize exactly as she stipulated
to do in her treaties; that is, to cut logwood and
other dye-woods. I understand, however, that
she has trespassed beyond the limits stipulated
by the treaty, and has gone down to the river
Sarstoon. If she has done so, she has violated
her treaties with Spam; and, by implication and
by subrogation, she has also interfered with the
rights of Central American States who necessa-
rily succeeded to the rights of Spain.
This being the case, I shall leave the subject
with the- Senator from Delaware. I hope he will
be able soon to come mto the Senate. This is a*
matter involving, as he thinks, very deeply his
own reputation. Perhaps he thinks it involves
his reputation more deeply than I do. He is very"
solicitous on the subject, and was very much
afraid that injustice had been done to him by the
Senator from Massachusetts. I shall not under-
take to advert to his explanation. I suppose it
ought to be satisfactory to the Senator from Del-
aware. It seemed to be made in a spirit of frank-
ness and fairness. Where our common country
is concerned, I presume there is no disposition,
by any remarks made here, to make a tributary
to the great current of history which would affect
improperly the reputation of any man, much less
the reputation of the country itself.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I shall
make a very few remarks, and then I shall leave
the subject. It is supposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts, in the remarks which he has
made, that Mr. Clayton had, before the negotia-
tion of the treaty, received information that Great
Britain possessed and claimed the Island of Roa-
tan. I have seen no evidence of that; but it may
be that my examinations into the subject have
not been very minute. I desire, however, to ask
the gentleman, does he know of any communi-
cation, made before the negotiation of this treaty,
announcing to the Government of the United
States, or to the then Secretary of State, that
Great Britain had any claim of possession to the
Island of Roatan. I know of none, and I think
I am authorized to assure the gentleman that
there is none such, nor any communication of
that sort, nor any claim of the sort ever hinted,
or set up, until after the negotiation.
This being the fact, I think the gentleman will
find that there is no ground whatever for the
opinions which he has entertained. If he knows
of any such communication, even that would not
change the result as to this treaty. One reason
for making the treaty was, that we knew Great
Britain had possession and claimed possession
of territories in Central America. That was one
of the very objects which we had in view in pro-
viding that she should no longer occupy. Our
construction of the treaty is, that she cannot
occupy territory there, even if she had possession;
but that she ever set up any peculiar or particu-
lar claim, such as should have put the negotiator
on the American side upon his guard, to make a
special provision about it, or any provision in
reference to the Island of Roatan, is what, under
my present state of advice, I deny. If any in-
formation of that character exists, and if that
information is what was alluded to as hereafter
possibly to come to light, I desire to know it. I
say that no such letter, no such note, no such
communication, was ever made to the American
Secretary of State before the negotiation of the
treaty.
Perhaps the gentleman may have had allusion
to something else, which perhaps reached him in
an imperfect or delusive shape. It is true, I be-
lieve, that after the treaty was negotiated and
signed, and was before the Senate of the United
States, some note, rather of a private than of a
public character, not having for its object the
treaty at all, but setting up a claim to Roatan by
Great Britain, was addressed by Sir Henry Bul-
wer to Mr. Clayton: and what did Mr. Clayton
say to him? He said substantially: "Sir, you
had better not write me such a letter as that; if
you mean this as an exception, or if you mean
hereafter to use it in any way as an exception to
thin treaty, or for its frustration or construction
in any respect, either take it back, or I will im-
mediately send it to the Senate of the United
States, that they may decide upon it." Sir Henry
Bulwer agreed to take back the note; he asked to
take it back, and he did take it back. Now, sir,
if that be the correspondence which was alluded
to, what is its effect upon any reasonable con-
struction of the treaty? Clearly that, rather than
make this pretended claim a subject of negotiation
at all, England waived it by agreeing to take back
the note, her Minister being told at the same time
that, unless he did so, nothing should be withheld
from the Senate; but that his noteshouldgo there,
