1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan is entitled to the floor. The motion will be
in order after the substitute is'read.
The substitute was read.
Pending the reading,
Mr. ORR said: I did not hear exactly the way
in which this bill was reported. I desire now to
notify the Chair, so that I may not lose my right
before the reading is finished, that I raise a
question of order. ^
The SPEAKER. The question of order will
be received by the Chair after the bill has been
read to the House.
Mr .ORR. My question has reference to the
reception of the bill from the committee.
The Clerk then finished the reading of the sub-
stitute.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Public Lands; and pend-
ing that motion, I move the previous question
upon its engrossment and third reading.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been read twice.
Mr. ORR. I do not understand that the bill
has been, in fact, read. I understood that the
Clerk was reading the bill for the first time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question, and then give the floor to the gentleman
from South Carolina. The gentleman from Mich-
igan reports from the Committee on Public
Lands, that committee having been regularly
called, the bill the title of which has been read,
with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
# Mr. ORR. What was the nature of the ori-
ginal bill ?
The SPEAKER. It was a bill for the benefit
of the Pacific Railroad. Company, incorporated
by the State of Missouri. The substitute has
been read. The gentleman from Michigan now
moves to recommit the bill, and calls the previous
question upon its engrossment and third reading.
The question is first upon the amendment, and
then upon ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time. The gentleman from Georgia
submitted a motion that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ORR. The question of order which I
desire to make upon the bill is one which must
be decided before the motion of the gentleman
from Michigan is entertained. That is the rea-
son why I rose in my place while the readingwas
proceeding.
The point of order which I rai^e is this: that
some two or three months ago the House, by vote,
raised a select committee who were charged with
the consideration of the subject of a railroad, or
railroads, to the Pacific; that the creation of that
select committee, by the authority of the House,
invested them alone with authority upon the
subject of the Pacific railroad; and that now the
Committee on Public Lands have no right to sub-
mit a report upon that subject so long as the select
committee continues its organization. It has not
been discharged from the consideration of that
subject by any vote or order of the House; and
whilst they have the matter in charge, by order
of the House, it is not competent for any other
committee to reportupon the same subject-matter.
That is the first point.
The next point is this: that the amendment
proposed by the Committee on Public Lands is
an illegitimate amendment to the original bill, for
the reason that that is a specific bill for an appro-
priation to a particular road—a private bill, if I
may so term it; while the Committee on Public
Lands have, by their substitute, enlarged that bill
so as to make it general in its operation. That
committee have no further authority or power
upon the question than the House itself would
have; and if it would not be in order in the House
to add to the Missouri road three or four other
roads, it cannot be in order when that recom-
mendation comes from acommitteeof this House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inquire of
the gentleman from Michigan who reported this
bill in what manner this subject has been referred
to the Committee on Public Lands ?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. In answer to the sug-
gestions of the gentleman from South Carolina  
The SPEAKER. It is unnecessary to reply
to the gentleman from South Carolina. The gen-
tleman will inform the Chair in what manner the
subjcct has been referred to his committee?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. At an early period of
this session several petitions were presented to
this House asking Congress to provide for the
construction of a railroad from the Atlantic States
to the Pacific ocean. These petitions were re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands. The
gentleman from Missouri upon my left [Mr.
Kenneit] presented a bill to this House for the
benefit of the Missouri and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, chartered by the State of Missouri, with a
right under their charter to construct a railroad
to the Pacific ocean. That bill was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and that is the
bill which the committee have now reported back
with a substitute, which has just been read.
Mr. DENVER. I desire to make one remark
in reference to this bill. I deem it due to myself
to say, that the substitute as read is substantially
the bill agreed upon by the select committee of
which I am chairman. I have been endeavoring
for a month to report that bill to the House, but
have not been able to do it as yet. The substi-
tute just read is that bill, with a few clerical errors
corrected.
Mr. ORR. I desire to inquire of the gentleman
from Michigan, whether those petitions and bills
to which he alludes were not referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands prior to the raising of the
select committee by the House; and if there have
been any bills and petitions upon this subject re-
ferred to that committee since the raising of that
select committee ?
Mr. EVANS. I desire to call the attention of
my friend from California to one fact in reference
to this bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate upon the merits of
the bill cannot be entertained until the question
of order is disposed of.
Mr. ORR. J desire the facts to come out before
the Chair makes its decision.
The SPEAKER. It appears, from the bill re-
ported by the committee, that it was, so far as
the Chair recollects, previous to the formation of
the select committee, that these matters were.re-
ported to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ORR. Were there any other memorials
sent to that committed after the organization of
the select committee ?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I will answer the gen-
tleman with all candor, that, according to my
recollection, the petitions and bill were all re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands. That
committee has never been discharged from the
consideration of that question.
The SPEAKER. On the question of order
raised by the gentleman from South Carolina,
the Chair is of opinion that it is competent, from
the facts which appear, for the Committee on
Public Lands to report this bill. The fact, that a
select committee has been formed, to which a
specific proposition has been referred, does not
discharge the Committee on Public Lands from
the consideration of what was properly referred
to that committee. So far as the recollection of
the Chair goes, the proposition referred to the
select committee, of which the gentleman from
California is chairman, was a specific bill, intro-
duced by him, and on his motion referred to that
committee. That reference did not embrace the
general subject any more than that general sub-
ject was embraced by the bill and petitions re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands
Mr. ORR. Well, then, I raise a second point,
that the substitute is not germane to the original
bill. The original bill was for the benefit of a
particular company, and this substitute is for the
benefit of several companies.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very clear that
the substitute comes within the precedents of this
session. It has been decided in a number of
cases, and sustained on appeal, that, where a
proposition for one road is properly before the
House, it may be amended by adding proposi-
tions for other roads. The question has been so
decided, and the decision sustained on appeal,
in this session; and there are innumerable pre-
cedents in every session of the House to sustain
that decision.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. The Chair alludes
to a precedent. I think the question was raised
as to railroads for the State of Alabama, was it
not ?
The SPEAKER. It has been raised in a great
number of cases, and the decision has been in
every case sustained.
Mr. COBB. It was sustained iii the case to
which I refer, because all the roads ineludeti ;m
the amendment were in Alabama. I recollect
that the decision of the Chair was onthat ground.
Mr. ORR. I raise another question of orders—1
that this amendment, which purports -to come
from the Committee on Public Lands, has not
received the sanction-of a majority of that cdm-'
mittee. . .
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I wish to answer that
now.
The SPEAKER. That is not within the
information of the Chair. The Chair can oril'y
presume—it being reported by a member of a-
committee as a report of that committee—that it
is a report of that committee.
Mr. "WALBRIDGE. With the permission of1
the House, I would like to answer that propo-
sition. I wish to say to the Hou>s6,'that tirfere
was a meeting of the Committee Ott'Pu%lic Lands
at which all the members had been notified- to
attend. A quorum not attendingat that meeting
it was adjourned to the next morning, and-thten
there was one more than a quorum, and by the
unanimous vote of that quorum—with one ex-
ception—I was instructed to report this bill.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. There is a question
of fact at issue now. I deny that 1 was notified
to attend that meeting of the committee.
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man from Alabama is not in order.
Mr. ORR. I desire to inquire of the gentleman
from Michigan, whether the members who failed
to attend at the evening meeting were notified to at-
tend the morning meeting, where the majority of
the committee directed this bill to be reported ?.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It is- not in
order to inquire as to what transpired in com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. A question of order is raised
by the gentleman from South Carolina based on
facts, information of which is not within the pos-
session of the Chair; and the gentleman from
Michigan is desirous of responding to the inquiry
of the gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. SEWARD. Thatisthe very point I want
to make, whether any member of the House can
subject members of committees to interrogations
as to what transpired in their committee rooms?
The SPEAKER. Clearly not; but it is com-
petent for the gentleman from South Carolina to
address the Chair on a question before the
House.
Mr. ORR. With a view to eliciting facts to
see whether the report be properly here. Itcan-
not be doubted at all. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Missouri whether the members
of the committee who failed to attend thepreced-
ing night were notified of the meeting next morn-
ing ?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Protesting against the
right of that member, or any other member of the
House, to inquire by what authority I report a
bill, when I say I report it from the"Committee
011 Public Lands—protesting against that being
any of his business—1 am ready to answer.
Mr. RUST. Is this debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable; but the
gentleman from Missouri a^s leave to respond
to the interrogatory of the gentleman from South
Carolina.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I said, when on the floor
before, that every member of the committee was
notified to attend the meeting in the evening. A
quorum of the committee attended in the evening;
but it was late, and we did not take up the ques-
tion, but adjourned to the committee room at nine
in the morning. We met there at nine or half
past nine o'clock. Six members of the commit-
tee were present, and ordered me to report this
bill.
Mr. ORR. There is one other point. The
gentleman says this morning meeting was an
adjourned meeting. It is proper that the facts of
this case should come out.
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The Chair
will decide the question of order raised by the
gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. ORR. Let me present this question, Mr.
Speaker. It was ordered to be reported at an
adjourned meeting of the committee 
The SPEAKER. There is no questiort before
the House, and it is not in order for the gfcntie-
