470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
and be considered by them, whether it would have
any effect on the treaty, and if it did, whether
they would ratify it with this explanation or ad-
dition, or whatever you may call it?
This, however, was after the treaty was nego-
tiated and signed, and while it was pending before
the body for its advice and confirmation. That
note was taken back; and that being taken back,
nothing- either in speech or in writing, in act or
in deed, ever occurred to change or alter in the
-slightest degree the fair legitimate construction of
the treaty, according to its terms; nor anything
which can cast the slightest shadow over the perfect
integrity and perfect sincerity with which the
treaty was negotiated, at least on the American
side, and I am not unwilling to admit on the British
side also. I do not believe that this misconstruc-
tion on the part of Great Britain will be allowed
by that wise Government to result in anything
lite war between these two countries.
I must say that it is impossible, as I understand
the treaty, and as we all seem to understand it—
we must at least consider it impossible that Great
Britain will drive to the fatal end of war such a
controversy as that raised about the Island • of
Roatan,and the miserable protectorate which she
claims over the Indian who assumes sovereignty
over a part of the Central American coast, and
under whose sovereign name she manages, as she
did in early times, to introduce a little smuggling
into Spanish and Central American territories,
contrary to their laws. No, sir; that protecto-
rate will never be urged by her. Let the question
of Roatan be settled; let that be given up; and as for
her protectorate, lether take itasitcxists,as mod-
ified, as qualified, as reduced to a shadow by the
treaty. The treaty tells her'' you shall not occupy,
you shall not fortify, you shall not use any in-
fluence, or sway, or sovereignty in any part of
the Mosquito coast; you are forbidden all that."
" Certainly,'' she responds, " but still we claim
a protectorate." Be it so; but it is a shadow of
one, and that is sufficient for this effigy of a king
who is set up so much to the discredit, as I think,
of real royalty. It is strange to mo how subjects of
her illustrious Majesty Q,ucen Victoria—how her
statesmen and ministers can assume to place be-
side her in a chair of sovereignty this dirty Indian
king, who does not deserve to be compared with
one of our wild warriors of the forest—a poor,
uncivilized, ignorant creature, who was crowned
at Jamaica, they tell us, with all the solemnity of
royalty. With what sort of a crown ? I wonder
if the English Minister could inform us whether
the "same ceremonies were observed as are used
in the coronation of a king of England. We
know that it is said that he dresses "in the dress
of an English midshipman, and lives with the
British consul on the Mosquito coast; but yet he
is called the Mosquito King!
Now, sir, we have our construction of that pro-
tectorate, and Great Britain may have hers. Is
there any occasion now to quarrel about it? We,
three thousand miles distant from each other, do
not exactly agree in the interpretation of the
treaty. Very well. We tell her that we are very
confident that our construction is right; but until
she acts on her definition, until she does some
act affecting the treaty, we can afford to stand still.
I do not believe she will cverdo it. This shadow
of a king which she has been following up, she
will not pursue to substantial acts that will lead to
war between the two countries. She has more
discretion, more wisdom, more policy, more hu-
manity. She will never do it. I do not say it in
disparagement of her at all; it is not in that spirit
that I speak. She has too much regard for the
peace of the world, and for the interests of a
peaceable world, ever to pursue this imaginary
construction of hers into anything like a prac-
tical act of hostility, or to give cause to any prac-
tical hostility on our part. Let her indulge herself
in the idea that something of imaginary honor is
maintained by this imaginary protectorate, and,
if she pleases, that an imaginary king is under
her protection. Let her imagine all this, and it is
harmless to us; it is harmless to the world. It is
a political reverie which we need not disturb, and
which I have no disposition to disturb. Wait
until she shall act. Before she acts, I think, more
serious consideration will inspire her counsels,
and she may do nothing that she ought not to do.
She ought not, in my opinion, to pursue this mat-
ter. These have been my sentiments, and they
have quited all my fears and apprehensions of a
war with Great Britain.
I am not for renouncing the treaty, bccause I
believe our safe course is to adhere to it. As to
the protectorate, leave it just as it stands—a mere
shadow. Great Britain will never attempt to make
it a substance; she will never act out under it any
hostility towards this country. 1 believe that. J
want nothing beyond the terms of our treaty. I
think it is necessary to the neutralization of the
Central American isthmus, through which the
commerce and the people of all countries arc to
pass, if the benignant objects of that treaty can
be accomplished, to maintain the treaty. This
was its great purpose—to rescue this great high-
way of nations from the perils, and dangers, and
havoc of war—to make it an asylum for all coun-
tries and people—a place of safety and safe pas-
sage for the world and the commerce of the world
throughout the whole length of the canal, and into
the sea for a certain distance beyond it. The
possession of the Island of Roatan would place
Great Britain, it is said—and I suppose it is, to
some extent, true, for otherwise it would have no
value—in such a position that the commerce which
passes through the canal, or over the railroads
which may be established, would be, the moment
it passed this island, away from the domain of
peace and within the limits of war, exposed to
capture by any forces stationed at that island.
To accomplish thegreat object, therefore, of the
neutralization of the isthmus, it seems to me
necessary that she shall abandon that island. It
is included in the spirit of the treaty—clearly and
manifestly included in the terms of the treaty.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I was struck,
in the debate which arose a few days ago, with
the expression that has been attributed to the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] by
the negotiator of this treaty, the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] which I may have
misunderstood at the time, but in which I did
understand him to say that the British Govern-
ment claimed a right to the Island of Roatan, as
one of the dependencies of its possessions at Be-
lize. I was struck by it,because I had never, m
the course of my examination, found the British
Government assorting any such claim.
Now, ,sir, whoever has read the correspondence
recently laid on our tables will, I think, be struck
with the fact that, although none are more com-
petent to use the English language to express a
clear and determinate meaning than Lord fclaren-
don, who conducted it on the part of the British
Government, yet you find nowhere, in relation to
this Island of Roatan, or in relation to the aggres-
sion of the British Government on the Central
American coast south of their boundary under
the treaty of 1786, a distinct assertion of title,
based upon right. I think whoever has read this
correspondence will have been struck with the
fact that, so far as it was conducted on the part
of the American Government, plain, ordinary,
explicit terms were used to express an explicit
and plain meaning; and that the meaning of the
American Government cannot be misunderstood;
I whereas, on the part of the Minister who con-
] ducted the correspondence on behalf of the British
j Government, if you attempt to get at the mean-
ing of England, you will fail, and find youisclf
involved in a maze of confused sentences, inde-
terminate and vague expressions, in which there
is no distinct assertion of title drawn from any
distinct source.
These are the characteristics of the correspond-
ence; and in nothing are they more signally
manifested than in reference to the British pre-
tensions to the Island of Roatan. There is no
distinct assertion of title; and Senators will not
find it there. The treaty is confined in its terms
to the territory of Central America. The two
Governments agreed that neither would occupy,
colonize, or fortify " any part of Central Amer-
ica." These are the terms of the treaty. When
we come to agree on what this treaty means, a
question may be left open as to what is, or what
is not, Central America. That is a question of
boundary—purely a question of boundary—a
question which it may become necessary possibly
to settle outside of the treaty: but the treaty is
confined expressly to whatever may be, by geo-
graphic or political designation, the meaning of
the term Central America.
Before the ratifications of the treaty were
exchanged, the British Minister, Sir Henry L.
Bulwer, filed a note with the American Secretary
of State, in which he said that he was instructed
to exchange ratifications upon condition that her
Majesty's Government did not consider the en-
gagements of that convention to apply to her
Majesty's settlement at Honduras, or to its de-
pendencies. Now, what were the dependencies
of Honduras one must gather for himself on read-
ing the language of the Minister. What were the
dependencies of Honduras would, I apprehend,
require a great deal of argument, discussion, and
negotiation to determine; and it was left, I should
think, designedly in that loose and indeterminate
manner for future British use when they came to
expound the meaning of this treaty. The Amer-
ican Secretary of State, Mr. Clayton, did not
leave it in that indeterminate manner. We know,
from subsequent history, that it was considered
at that day—and it may be true, although I am
not prepared to say so—that the British settle-
ments upon the main land were within the limits
of Mexico, andnot within the limits of any State
forming apart of Central America; and so con-
sidering it, Mr. Clayton, in his reply to the note
of Sir Henry Bulwer, nairows down what he un-
derstands to be the meaning of the British Minis-
ter's expression. The language of the British
Minister was, that the treaty did not extend to
" her Majesty's settlement at Honduras, or to its
dependencies." The reply of the Secretary of
State was, " it was neither understood by them,"
(the Senate,) "nor by either of us," (the negoti-
ators) "to include the British settlements in Hon-
duras, commonly called British Honduras, as
distinct from the State of Honduras, nor the small
islands in the neighborhood of that settlement,
which maybe known as its ' dependencies.' "
The use of this term, " British Honduras," is
British use—a mode of expression that seems to
have been adopted by British Ministers who have
treated upon this subject upon the part of their
Government, and who have chosen to consider
that" British Honduras"and the " British settle-
ments at the Belize" were convertible terms ex-
pressive of the same meaning. We all know
very well what was the original appellation given
by England and by Spain to the British settle-
ments upon that coast, confined as they originally
were, and yet are, if right be attained, to a limited
and prescribed tract of country between two cer-
tain rivers, the river Belize having been originally
one of them. They were called from time im-
memorial the British settlements at Belize.
Since the treaty of 1786, as we are told now by
some of the British Ministers, the settlements of
England have been extended below the prescribed
boundary under that treaty, and they nave gone
down, not along the Bay of Honduras alone, but
down the Gulf of Honduras, clearly and admit-
tedly within the province of Vera Paz, which is
part of the State of Guatemala, and a part of
Central America. Well, sir, asT understand the
map of that country, the river Belize does not
empty itself into the Bay of Honduras at all. It
empties itself into the Caribbean sea, and the Bay
of Honduras commences below the mouth of tho
Belize. The Bay of Honduras washes the coast
of Guatemala and terminates in the Gulf of Hon-
duras, a sharp indentation in the land.
England, without the color of right—and now
asserting no right and no title beyond that of
trespass—since 1786, after the decrepitude of
Spain came upon her, and during the feebleness
of the independent States which, in 18241 think,
threw off the dominion of Spain, lias gradually,
by usurpation, or by naked common-law tres-
pass, extended her settlements below the pre-
scribed boundary and along the coast of the Bay
of Honduras. Thus it may have become conve-
nient for England to pcthn upon the world as con-
vertible terms," the British settlements at Belize,"
and " British settlements at Honduras;" but we
find, when that term was introduced by Sir Henry
Bulwer into his note appended to the treaty, Mr.
Clayton promptly limited and defined what he
understood by British Honduras, and his lan-
guage is: {< The British settlement in Honduras,
commonly called British Honduras, as distinct
from the State of Honduras."
Sir, so far as I have read the documents, I have
not seen that the British Government claims any
greater right to those settlements below the proper
treaty limits, becausc she has called them settle-
