2070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 12,
man from South Carolina at this time to address
the Chair on any question.
Mr. ORR. I have raised a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina has raised a question of order, which
the Chair has not yet decided.
Mr. ORR. Before the Chair decide the ques-
tion of order, it is necessary that all the facts
should come out bearing on this adjourned meet-
ing in the morning, as to whether it was prop-
erly authorized.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
question. A question is raised by the gentleman
from South Carolina, whether the meeting of the
committee was or was not authorized ? From the
facts now before the House, it appears that the
Committee on Public Lands, acting by a quorum,
instructed the gentleman fromMichigan to report
this bill; and it is not competent for the Chair to
discredit the report of the gentleman who reports
it from that committee.
Mr. ORR. I appeal from the decision* of the
Chair, and th t appeal is debatable.
Mr. PHELPS. I would inquire whether the
previous question had not been been demanded
by the gentleman from Michigan ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan callcd the previous question; but the gentle-
man from South Carolina having previously
suggested a desire to make a point of order, the
Chair considered the point of order precedent to
the call for the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I desire, with a view that the
House may come to a correct conclusion and judg-
ment with regard to the question as to whether
the report was properly authorized, that the gen-
tleman from Michigan will say whether the
meeting of the preceding evening to which he re-
fers was held in the committee-room or in a pri-
vate room in the city ?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I have stated that this
bill is properly reported from the Committee on
Public Lands, ana I am notgoing to be catechised
further in reference to it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Mafhe. I rise to a
question of order. The previous question was
called by the gentleman from Michigan, and I sub-
mit that no debate is in order. I object to any
further debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that,
inasmuch as the gentleman from South Carolina
had previously notified the Chair, during the
reading of the bill, that he should waive the
question of order until the reading of the bill
should have been concluded, it is competent
for the Chair to entertain the question of order as
a precedent question, and he therefore rules that
the appeal is debatable. The gentleman from
South Carolina is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ORR. I do not think this report from the
Committee on Public Lands ought to be received
by the House, because, according to the facts de-
veloped, there were but six members of the com-
mittee present. It is true, that is a quorum; but
when i desired to draw out the additional facts,
the giving of further information was objected to.
I shall assume that the meeting of the committee
which was held in the evening and adjourned to
the next morning, was not held in the committee
room or in the CapiWl. It may have been held at
the private room of one of the members of the com-
mittee; it may have been held in the room of the
chairman of the committee. I assume that it was
so held, the gentleman from Michigan declining
to give information on the subject. Now, I ask
whether the action of that adjourned meeting—
the absentees not having been notified of it—can
be considered as binding the majority of the com-
mittee? I think, under the circumstances, this
House is not bound to receive the report as it is
presented.
Mr. RUST. I move to lay the appeal on the
table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The gentleman from South Carolina ;
[Mr. Orr] objects to the reception of the report t
presented by the gentleman from Michigan from j
the Committee on Public Lands. Upon the facts J
presented, the Chair decides that the report was :
authorized by the committee, and that it may be 1
received at this time. Prom this decision the
gentleman from South Carolina takes an appeal,
ihe gentleman trom Arkansas moves that the
appeal be laid on the table. The question is upon
the latter motion.
Mr. MAXWELL. I wish to ask the Speaker
whether the fact, that there was no quorum pres-
ent at the meeting of the committee first neld,
would influence the decision of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
is based upon the fact, that the report was ordered
to be made at a meeting of the committee at which
a quorum was present.
The question was taken on Mr.' Rust's motion;
and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 134,
nays 35; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Ball, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bishop, Bliss, Bocock, Brad-
shavv, Brenton, Bioom, Buffmton, James H. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers, QhafFee, Bayard
Clarke, Ezra Clark, dawson, Clingman, Colfax, Comins,
Covode, Cragm, Cullen, Cumback, Damrell, Henry Winter
Travis, Timothy Davis, Dean, Denver, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Inirtee, Etheridge, Evans, Flagler, Florence,Gnldings, Gil-
bert, Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Harlan, Thomas L.
Harris, Harrison, Herbert, Hickman, Hoffman, Holloway,
Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Hughston, Kelly,
Kulsey, ICennett, King, Kuapp, Knight, Knowlton, Lake,
Leiter, Lindley, Mace, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S,
Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell, McCarty, Smith Miller,
Milison, Millward, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,
Nicholas, Norton, Parker, Peiton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit,
Phelps, Pike, Porter, Pringle, Puryear, Ready, Rivers, Rob-
bins, Roberts, Rust, Sabm, Sandidge, Sapp, Scott, Sher-
man, William R. Smith, Snecd, Spinner, Stanton, Strana-
han, Swope, Tappan, Taylor, Thorington, Thurston, Traf-
ton, Trippe, Ty&on, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbmlge, Waldron, Walker, Cadwalader C. Washbume,
Elhhu B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Watson,
Welch, Wells, Whitney, Williams, Woodrufl*,Woodworth,
and Zollicoffer—134.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett,
Branch, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Caskie,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige, Crawford, Dowdell,
Elliott, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Houston, Gooige W.
Jones, Kidvvell, Letcher, Lumpkm, McMulhn, McQueen,
Orr, Powell, Uuitman, Kieaud, Iluffin, Savage, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, Vail, Warner, Wheeler. vVood, and
John V. Wright—33.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. ALLISON. Would it be in order to move
to postpone the further consideration of this bill
until the first Monday in December?
The SPEAKER. The demand for the pre-
vious question cuts off a motion to postpone.
Several Members. Then vote down the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. ORR called for tellers.
Tollers were ordered; and Messrs. McMullin
and Purviancb were appointed.
The question was taKen; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 55, noes 76.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. ORR. I now move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed until the
second Monday in December next, and that it be
printed.
Mr. WALBRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Does not the motion I
made some time since, that the bill and amend-
ment be recommitted, take precedence of the
motion to postpone ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
does not take precedence of a motion to postpone
to a day certain.
Mr. WOODWORTH. Before the question is
taken, I desire to say a word.
Mr. LETCHER. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is in order, but must be
confined to the question of postponement.
Mr. WOODWORTH. Mr. Speaker, a special
committee, consisting of thirteen members of this
House, have had this subject under considera-
tion. They have bestowed on it much labor and
attention, and three weeks ago perfected a bill to
be reported to the House. The majority cor-
dially supported it as a measurepromotive of vast
benefit to the country. It has, in their opinion,
all the checks and guards necessary to secure the
public against fraud under its provisions, should
it become a law. Now, I ask the gentleman from
Michigan whether the substitute he has reported
is a copy of the bill of the special committee?
Mr. WHEELER. Is discussion in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to debate
the merits of the bill.
Mr. WHEELER. That is what the gentle-
man is doing, and I object. i
The question was taken on Mr. Orr's motion,
and there were—yeas 89, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Ball, Barclay, Baiks-
dale, Bell, Bliss, Bocock, Bowie, Bradshaw, Brunch, Bur-
nett, Cadwalader, James H. Campbell, Carhle, Caskie,
Clawson, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige,
Crawford, Cullen, Cumback, Henry Winter Davis, Dick,
Dowdell, Edie, English, Etheridge, Faulkner, Flagler,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Goode, Grow, Harlan, J.
Morrison Harris, Hickman, Holloway, Valentine B. Hor-
ton, Houston, George W. Jones, Kuhvell, Knight, Knox,
Kunkel, Letcher, Lumpkin, Maxwell, McQueen, Killian
Miller, Milison, Moore, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Orr,
Pearce, Peck, Perry, Powell, Purvianee, Puryear, Quit-
man, Ready, Rieaud, Robbins, Roberts, Ruffin, Savage,
Scott, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith,
Sneed, Spinner, Stewart, Thurston, Todd, Trippe, Under-
wood, Vail, Wade, Walker, Watknib, Wheeler, Winslow,
Wood, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—89.
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Barbour, Henry Bennett,
Billinghurst, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, John P. Camp-
bell, Lewis i>. Campbell, Caruthers, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cragin, Damrell, Timothy Davis,
Dean, Denver, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edwards, Elliott,
Evans, Florence, G hidings, Gilbert, Granger, Greenwood,
Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Herbert, Thomas R. Horton,
Howard, Hughston, Kelly, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knowl-
ton, Lake, Leiter, Lindley, Mace, Samuel S. Marshall,
Matteson, McCarty, Millward, Morgan, Morrill, Murray,
Paiker, Peiton, Pennington, Pettit, Phelps, Pike, Richard-
son, Ritchie, Rivers, Rust, Sabin, Sage, Sandidge, Sapp,
Seward, Stanton, Stranahan, Swope, Tappan, Taylor,
Thonngton, Trafton, Valk, Wakeman, Walbridge, Cad-
walader C. Washbume, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Whitney, Williams,
Woodruff, and Woodworth—88.
The SPEAKER voted in the negative; and the
question was decided in the negative.
^ So Mr. Orr's motion was disagreed to.
c Mr. WALBRIDGE." What-is-the condition
of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The^motion to recommit is
pending, and the bill will be the first business in
order when the Committee^on^Public Lands is
^called;
: ENROLLEBrBILLS.
Mrl'PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act for the relief of Norwood McClelland,
master of the steamboat New World; and
An act to alter the time of holding the district
court in South Carolina, and for other purposes.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the rules b«  sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of taking up the mail
steamer appropriation bill.
Mr. CARLiLE. Is it in order to assign rea-
sons why the House should not go into commit-
tee at this time?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
LABORERS IN EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask leave to report,
from the Committee of Ways and Means, a joint
resolution giving an increased compensation to
all laborers m the employment of the Executive
Departments of the Government in the city of
Washington. It ought to pass before the appro-
priation bills. With a word of explanation, I am
sure there will be no objection to it. It will re-
quire but a moment to pass the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw my motion for that
purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Wh.at becomes of
the Pacific railroad bill?
The SPEAKER. The House has passed from
its consideration by general consent. The motion
to recommit is pending, and the bill will be the
first question in order when the Committee on
Public Lands is called.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move that the bill and
amendment be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
There being no objection, Mr. Cobb reported
the joint resolution, the title of which has been
already stated, and it was read a first and second
time.
The'joint resolution directs that, instead of the
compensation now allowed to the laborers in the
Executive Departments of the Government, in the
city of Washington, they shall receivean annual
salary each of §576, after the 1st July, 1856.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. 1 desire to state to
the House? that it was in 1853 or 1854, I think,
that a provision of law was passed giving to labor-
ers wnose salaries were $480 twenty per cent,
upon that amount. Under the construction placed
