460
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Geyer.
Senate.
government, and legislate for the territory and
its inhabitants, results from the power of acqui-
sition. It may be a casus omissus; but unless the
power can be deduced from some other source,
it does not exist. The sovereign undoubtedly
has power over the acquired territory, and might
change or abrogate the laws; but, I repeat, Con-
gress is not sovereign, and possesses no power
not granted by the Constitution.
The source of power under consideration fails,
also, for the reason that the power, if it exists,
may be exercised over any territory—as well that
within the original limits of the United States,
as that acquired by treaty or conquest."
And again, according to all the rules of con-
struction, a legislative power cannot be deduced
by implication from a power which is itself im-
plied. The power of acquisition is not among
the powers vested by the Constitution in the Gov-
ernment or any department thereof: it is an inci-
dent to the war or treaty power.
I come now to the consideration of the power
to admit new States as the source of the power
to institute temporary governments for the people
of the Territories. From thatsource the majority
report derives the power in question. The prop-
osition is, that the organization of a temporary j
government is necessary and proper, as a means, |
to enable the people to mold their institutions, |
and organize a State government under the author- j
ity of the Constitution, preparatory to its admis- 1
sion into the Union. Itis objected, however, that
the Constitution contemplates the admission of
States in cases where it would not be necessary
to institute a temporary government, and where
the power could not be exercised by Congress—
that the power of admission comprehends all
States, whether formed out of territory of the
United States, or of one or more States of the
Union, or even of a foreign State, as in the case
of the annexation of Texas. Undoubtedly, in
such case, it would not be necessary or proper,
or even competent, for Congress to institute any
government, whether the territory forming the
new State was acquired by treaty or otherwise,
after the adoption of the Constitution, and whether j
the United States are the proprietors of the whole i
or none of the "territory or property" included.
But the institution of a temporary government is J
necessary and proper when the territory is within '
the limits of the United States, and not within a 1
State. In that case there is no conflict of juris- j
diction to prevent the exercise of the power by
Congress, which, if it exists at all, "results ne- j
cessarily from the fact, that the territory is not
within the jurisdiction of any particular State,
and is within the power and jurisdiction of the
United States." It does not depend on any pro-
prietary right of soil—there may be no " territory '
or other property belonging to the United States \
within it to be disposed of or regulated; nor upon j
acquisition—it is immaterial to the question of.
power whether the territory was or wds not within 1
the original limits of the United States; norupon
the number of the inhabitants—it may be more
populous than any State in the Union, or contain
few or no inhabitants. The power of Congress
over it is the same.
The institution of temporary governments for
the people of a Territory is undoubtedly neces-
Bary and proper, though not always indispensable
as a means preparatory to the formation of a new
State, and its admission into the Union ;and where
the Territory is within the exclusive jurisdiction
of the United States, the power of Congress to
organize a government results of necessity as a
means appropriate to the accomplishment of a
constitutional end.
The power to create a government or munici-
pal corporation for the people of a Territory is
nowhere conferred upon Congress by express
grant; it is claimed only as an incident to some
power, " vested by the Constitution in the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or a department!
thereof." Therefore, from whatever source it is [
derived, to which soever of the granted powers it j
is referred, it is limited to the necessity from
which it arises, and is not a supreme, universal, [
and unlimited power over persons and property.
The power over persons and property under |
the Constitution of the United States must be, I
and ia the same everywhere. It must be excr-
cised in subordination to the principles of the
Government. It does not depend on the nature
of the property. To change trie law of property,
—to prohibit or abolish slavery—to emancipate
slaves, to confiscate anyotherkind of property, or
to divest vested rights, is a substantive, independ-
ent power. If it exists no treaty would afford
protection to the inhabitants of acquired terri-
tory. No legislative power can be extinguished,
or conferred upon Congress, by treaty.
If the power to create a municipal corporation,
or to organize a government in any form for the
people of the Territories, had been expressly
granted, it would not carry with it, as an incident, a
power of legislation in all cases whatsoever over
the people and their property. Still less can such
a power be deduced by implication from a power
itself implied.
Now, sir, I demand to know, is a prohibition
of slavery a rule or regulation, needful or other-
wise, respecting the territory or other property
belonging to the United States? or is it necessary
to the execution of the power to dispose of land ?
If " to dispose of territory" means to organize
a municipal government for the people, the pro-
hibition of slavery—an interference with the law
of property or with vested rights—is not neces-
sary to the execution of the power, nor is it in
any way a means adapted to the end. The power,
if not otherwise limited, cannot be e^rcised to
the prejudice of the people of any portion of the
Union. All have equal rights in the common ter-
ritory to take and to hold there any property
recognized by the Constitution and local laws.
Here allow me to correct an error into which
those northern gentlemen have fallen who sup-
pose that we of the slaveholding States claim to
carry our domestic institutions with us on remov-
ing into the Territories. So far as my knowledge
extends, we only insist that where, by the law
of the Territory, our property will be protected
when there, we have a vested right to go there
with that property—as much so as any citizen of
tiny other State in the Union with any other prop-
erty; and that it is an unconstitutional interfer-
ence with that right so to legislate as to deprive
us of the protection which the local law would
, afford, and thereby effectually exclude us from
the Territory. Slaves are property, recognized
by the Constitution, and as well protected as
any other. Emancipation by law divests vested
; rights; and, if you can prohibit slavery for the
j future, you may at any time emancipate, by act
; of Congress, every slave in any or all the Terri-
tories. The supreme, universal, and unlimited
power which is equal to prohibition is equal to
abolition and emancipation regardless of vested
rights.
Finally, the organization of a temporary
government is necessary; but it is not necessary
to emancipate slaves, to prohibit slavery, to con-
fiscate property, or to cnange the local law of
property; nor is it necessary, or just, or even
defensible, to interfere with the right of any
citizen of the United States to remove to the
country open to others with any property recog-
' nized by the Constitution and laws of the United
States and the local law o^the Territory.
Mr. President, I come now to another part of
the subject—the " peace and prosperity which
it is said have attended interference by the Con-
gress of the United States with the local law of
property. I deny that there has been uninter-
rupted peace, by which is meant exemption from
agitation of the slavery question; and what little
we have had is not attributable to any such cause
as that assigned. I have shown that up to 1820
there was no legislation on the subject which
could affect the peace of the Union in any way;
but the peace which we have enjoyed is attribut-
able to another cause.
I do not know whether I may not be alone in
the opinion, but it seems to me apparent, that at
all times, when there have been two great national
parties, and so long as they have adhered to
their organization, and continued their struggle
for the ascendency, there has been no formidable
agitation on the subject of slavery. The first
attempt—certainly the first successful attempt, to
prohibit slavery in the Territories followed almost
j immediately the utter destruction of the old
i Federal party, soon after the Hartford conven-
tion in 1814; and the troubles which we now
have, and have had, since 1848, are the result
of the crumbling of the two parties, to some ex-
tent, in that year, and the disorganization and
dismemberment of the Whig party since that
time.
Mr. President, I shall have occasion to speak
of the proceedings and acts of a portion of our
northern brethren on the subject of slavery, and
I take leave now to say, that, however general the
terms I employ in reference to them, I by no
means design to include a majority of the people
of the non-slaveholdiiig States. I believe they are
generally conservative, abiding the compromises
of the Constitution, and respecting the rights of
the southern States. Unfortunately, in common
with their fellow-citizens in other States, when
not stimulated to exertion by the rivalship of
national organizations, they are too apt to relax
their vigilance, and suffer the unworthy minority
to act in the name of all, by which they are made
responsible for acts they condemn; but,whenever
the consequences have excited apprehensions of
danger to our institutions, they have rallied to tha
support of the Constitution and the preservation
of the Union. They will do so again.
Soon after the acquisition of Louisiana there
were decided manifestations of discontent at the
North, not on account of the Africans then held in
slavery in the acquired territory—their condition
was not changed, nor on account of any appre-
hended increase of their numbers—for Congress
promptly exercised its constitutional power to
prohibit the importation of slaves into that Ter-
ritory; so that the practical effect of the annex-
ation was to restrict slavery extension—but the
real cause of the discontent then exhibited was
the compromises of the Constitution, which se-
cured to the southern States a portion of their
political power.
During the war of 1812, and almost in the midst
of it, a convention was held at Hartford, in Con-
necticut, where, among the subjects taken into
consideration, were the slave power under the
apportionment of Representatives, the admission
of new States, and the exclusion of foreigners
from office. The proceedings of the convention
resulted in several propositions to amend the
Constitution. The first, to exclude the slave
population altogether as a basis of representation;
second, that no new State should be admitted
without the concurrence of two thirds of both
Houses. The sixth amendment proposed is not
unlike one of the planks in the platform of another
new organization. It proposes to exclude from
office all persons thereafter naturalized. The re-
port of the convention to their constituents sets
forth the reasons for each proposition, from which
1 read extracts:
"The first amendment proposed relates to the apportion-
ment of Representatives among the slaveholding States.
This cannot be claimed as a right." * * * * "it has
proved unjust and unequal in its operation. Had this effect
been foreseen, the privilege would probably not hare been
demanded; certainly not conceded. Its tendency in future
will be adverse to that harmony and mutual confidence
which are more conducive to the happiness and prosperity
of every confederated State, than a mere preponderance
of.power, the prolific source of jealousies and controversy,
can be to any one of them."
**********
" The next amendment relates to the admission of new
States into the Union.
" This amendment is deemed to be highly important, and,
in fact, indispensable." * * * "At the adoption of the
Constitution a certain balance of power among the original
parties was considered to exist; and there was at that time,
and yet is among those parties, a strong affinity between
their great and general interests. By the admission of
these States that balance has been materially affected, and,
unless the practice be modified, must ultimately be de-
stroyed."
*********«?
"Another amendment, subordinate in importance, but still
in a high degree expedient, relates to the exclusion of for-
eigners, hereafter arriving in the United States, from the
capacity of holding offices of trust, honor, or profit.
" That the stock of population already in these States is
amply sufficient to render this nation, in due time, suffi-
ciently great and powerful, is not a controvertible question.
Nor will it be seriously pretended, that the national de-
ficiency in wisdom, arts, science, arms, or virtue, needs to
be replenished from foreign countries."
The Federal party did not long maintain its
organization after the close of the session of the
Hartford Convention. Its last struggle for su-
premacy was made in the elections in 1816, when
it was signally defeated. At the commencement
