1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471.
ments at Honduras, and that appellation lias been
acquiesced in, as she thinks. Whether such a
rurht is to be asserted or not, I do not know; but,
as far as I have read, it has not yet been asserted
on the part of England.
Now, sir, I have a word to say as to the alleged
claim on the part of England that the Island of
Roatan forms one of the dependencies of her
settlements at Honduras, as she chooses to term
them. I have said that I have not yet seen that
title asserted on the part of England. She has
asserted nothing- definite, nothing intelligible, in
the form of title to that island at all. She has,
however, said, through her Minister, Lord Clar-
endon, in one of his dispatches to Mr. Buchanan:
a A<< to Roatan and the adjoining islands, all that can be
debatable as to them i.<, whether they arc island depend-
encies' of Belize, or attached to some Ceutr.il American
State."
Why is it debatable at all ? If England had a
title, why not set it forth, whether it was a good
title or a bad one? Why not assert, " the title of
England is, that it is a part of the settlements at
Belize, or a part of the settlements at Honduras r"
Simply because England, 1 presume, know, from
the geographical position of the island, that such
a title would have been perfectly absurd. It is
not asserted what are the dependencies of Belize.
The treaties with Spain inform, us what was in-
cluded m the right of Britain to settle at Belize,
so far as islands were concerned. The treaties
with Spain agreed that certain small islands in
the neighborhood, immediately off the coast and
contiguous to the mouth of the river Belize—I
do not remember the exact terms, but this is the
substance of the treaty—one of which was called
Cayo Casina, might be treated by Britain as within
her settlement for certain prescribed purposes.
That is definite between Spain and England.
Spain prescribed to England to what extent her
nghts on that const should go, and England acqui-
esced in that in 1783, and again in 178G. In 178G,
Spam conceded to England a right to occupy, for
prescribed purposes, certain islands that lay con-
tiguous to her settlements at that point—at the
Belize—and England acquiesced. That is clear,
determinate, intelligible. Nor did Spam stop here.
She not only piescrihod what England's rights
were, but to what extent her possessions should
go. There is not a word in these treaties any-
where about dependencies. England has intro-
duced the term subsequently. She treats the
continent as the principal, and the islands as the
incident, and calls them dependencies. It is an
English term, introduced by Sir Henry Bulwcr
into the note which he sent to the Secretary of
State at the time when the ratifications of the
treaty were exchanged, claiming something as
dependencies—not insular dependencies, but de-
pendencies of the British bettlements and Hon-
duras. Mr. Clayton narrows it down. The Sec-
retary of State goes back to the treaty of 17SG,
and says, substantially, "If you mean those small
islands contiguous to the coast"—or some equiv-
alent expression—" I will admit it." The small
islands m the neighborhood of that settlement,
which may bo known as its dependencies, he
admits were not embraced within the treaty.
Now, Mr. President, you will find, on looking
at the correspondence of Lord Clarendon, that
he says the only debatable matter is, whether the
Island of Roatan was one of the dependencies of
her Majesty's settlement at Honduras; but after
stating his proposition", he does not go on to show
that they were dependencies of the settlement at
Honduras. He goes on to show some vague pos-
sessory title, lie says it is well known that in
1742 England was in possession of that island;
but it is equally well known that in 1786 she
agreed to abandon it, and did abandon it, at the
demand of Spain. He says it is equally well
known that in 1838,1840, or 1841, England again
took possession; but he does not say that she
took possession of it as one of the dependencies
of Belize, but merely asserts the fact; and, exhib-
iting that vague and shadowy title, ho then says
that England has had some pretensions to that
island, as one of the dependencies of Belize.
All that I mean to say is, that I am yet to learn
that England has distinctly asserted any right to
the island of Roatan, derived under her settle-
ment rights upon the coast; but she has presented
it, as I said, in some vague and indeterminate man-
ner, choosing—I presume, preferring—to avoid
any determinate meaning by putting her preten-
sions in that vague and indeterminate manner, so
as to enable her to ascribe to them one meaning
at one day, and another meaning at another day.
On looking at the map, I presume the whole
question would be settled at once, super visu. The
island of Roatan is about thirty-live miles from
the coast of the State of Honduras, and. accord-
ing to my present recollection, some one hundred
and fifty miles distant from the mouth of the
Belize river, and very nearly equally distant from
the nearest point of the aggressive possession of
England below the mouth of the river. The map
"would settle it that England has ben exerting—-1
think I am authorized to say—power in the most
unscrupulous manner upon that coast, and has
been, from time to time, at her pleasure, in pos-
session of that island, whether m ]838, or 1840,
or in 1841, is not material; but no British Minis-
ter, to my knowledge, has, to this clay, asserted
a distinct right to that island on the ground that
it formed a part of her settlements, legitimated
under her treaty with Spain, on the adjacent coast.
I wished merely to throw out these ideas, be-
cause if I am wrong, I should like to be corrected;
but 1 have yet to see any assertion of title on the
part of England to the Island of liftutan as a dis-
tinct proposition, which would enable us to know
what she claims her title to be.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the language
quoted by the Senator from Kentucky does not
fairly represent the idea expressed by me. What
I meant to say is, that something mi^ht yet come
to light to show that England understood that the
Island of Roatan was a part of her Belize settle-
ment, and, as such, excepted from the treaty. I
stated to the Senator from Louisiana, on the
morning of the publication of that statement,
when he called my attention to it, that the state-
ment was .stronger than 1 intended to use, and
did not express my meaning.
I hold m my hand the debates of the Senate
for 1853. In a speech then mndo by Mr. Everett,
on this treaty, I find tins statement m regard to
Roatan and "the other Bay Islands. 44 They have
been for a ceniury or more a part of the depend-
encies of Belize; and it was not the understand-
ing of the contracting parlies that they should be
affected one way or other by the .stipulations of
the treaty of the 19th April, 1850." Mr. Everett
also stated, on the strength of a dispatch from
Lord Palmerston, that 4'Groat Britain claimed to
hold these islands in possession—claimed the title
dc facto and de jure." He also expressed the
opinion that "if these facts are true Great Britain
has not violated the treaty by organizing the gov-
ernment of July, J 85:2."
I quoted the authority of Mr. Everett when he
came into the Senate in 1840, fresh from the
State Depaitment. Forty years ago he traveled
through Europe, and when he returned home en-
tered upon a life of study; and it is not too much
to say that he is one of the first scholars of our
country. More than thirty years ago ho entered
the other House, and served there for ten years,
much of the time on the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. He represented this Government at the
Court of St.-James; and was afterwards at the
head of the State Department. Pie came from
that Department to this body, and must be pre-
sumed to understand this Central American ques-
tion.
The Globe stated—1 think the day before I
made my remarks—that our Government was in
possession of the fact that Great Britain claimed
the title to these islands. My idea, therefore,
was, that that fact, which had never been offi-
cially published, might some time come to light,
and show that Great Britain understood the treaty
differently from us. That was all 1 wished to
say. I certainly intended to cast no reflection
on the American negotiator; and I should regret
most deeply to utter a word on the floor of the
Senate which could wound the feelings of that
veteran Senator and statesman.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have no idea of
entering into any discussion on the points which
have been alluded to by any of the Senators who
have spoken upon this subject; but 1 wish to
deliver some views which I entertain on the gen-
eral subject, before it passes from under the notice
of the Senate, and in which, perhaps, I shall be
found to differ from the views which have been
expressed by most Senators on borne points.
Those points may not, in one sense, be of much
importance, but in another sense they are of very
great importance; and I have no objection now to
state to the honorable Senator from Virginia what
are the two points to which I allude, without
meaning to preclude myself from an expression
of my general views on the subject hereafter.
I think the negotiation has been unnecessarily*
embarrassed by what I understand to be two po-
sitions assumed by this Government, and pressed"
with as much earnestness and tenacity as any
other positions. One is, that there is not reserved
under the first article of the treaty, or in any part
of it, any right in Great Britain to interfere at all
for the protection of the Mosquito Indians, even
by a negotiation with the State in which they are
situated, any more than they would have the right
to send a Minister to the Indians within our Ter-
ritories, or to the Government under which they
live, to provide for their protection. I consider
that to be a restriction of the privilege which was
conceded to Great Britain by this Government
for three years aft r the treaty was ratified.
Concurring, as 1 do most heartily, in the views
expressed on this subject by the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] I do not consider
it an object likely to be of such importance to us
that we should seek to interfere, or that this Gov-
ernment should seek to take away what might
properly enough be called a shadow of her pro-
tectorate, but still some undefined right of inter-
fering for the protection of these Indians. That
is a point which I think has embarrassed the set-
tlement of this question between the two Gov-
ernments.
The other point is that, in the discussion of
this question at London, a considerable source of
embarrassment has been the instruction given to
Mr. Buchanan, and his obedience to it, notifying
Great Britain that this Government would feel
authonzed to interfere if she changed in any de-
gree, or m any manner, the form of government
ut Belize, oven within its old limits, without refer-
once to the disputed question of occupation be-
tween the Siboon and the Sarstoon. I consider
that to be a question altogether outside of the
treaty, but the negotiation has been considerably
! embarrassed by that point being thrust in by this
Government.
These arc the two points in which I shall per-
haps differ from Senators who luive spoken on
this subject. I am not, however, prepared to go
on to-day, and I did not come here expecting to
go on with the debate to-day; nor shall I desire to
proceed to-morrow, for it is my wish to look into
the papers which were presented to us yesterday.
They are voluminous, and I desire to see what
light can be thrown on the subject by an exam-
ination of those documents. I would prefer to
i say what I have to say on this subject on Friday
or Saturday; but as some gentlemen have inti-
I mated to me that they would like very much to ad-
! journ over from Thursday, or at ull events from
j Friday to Monday, if it will meet the concur-
rence of the Senator from Virginia, I will move,
as Monday is already preoccupied by another
special order, that the further consideration of this
subject be postponed to Tuesday next, and be
made the special order of the day for one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
PROCEEDINGS OF THE NAVAL BOARD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution submitted by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
on the 10th of December last, which had been
amended, on his motion, to read as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary ot' the Navy he directed to
communicate to the Senate a ropy of the report made to
his Department by the board of naval ofiieei> convened at
Wellington, m puij-uanco ot an act approved February *2<3,
1SS5, entitled " An act to ptomote the efficiency of the
Navy,'' and ot tli<' rfcoid, journal, or other papers accom-
pany ins; haid n pott; oi, m the absence of such papers, that
he inuhcr mioriu the Senate wliethei the causes (or which
officers of the "\'<ivy were ieeoinmended by that boaid to
be dwmi-^ed or retned accompanied that report, or were
otheiwiso made known m wanna to the Department;
and, if so, that ho communicate to the Senate a copy of the
same.
On Monday last, Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
1 submitted a written statement of a conversation
; between Lieutenant Rhindond Captain Du Pont,
(a member of the naval retiring board.) to which.
' allusion had been made in debate. The reading
of the statement was objected to by Mr. Benja-
; min, and the pending question was, on allowing
; it to bo read.
