1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1197
The House amended this amendment by in-
creasing the appropriation §10,000. Having rec-
ommended that the Senate should concur in these
amendments of the House, the Senate by its
action on the report of the conference committee
have so concurred. There is, therefore, now no
disagreement between the two Houses in regard
to them.
The conference committee recommend that the
Senate recede from fourteen of their amend-
ments—the 20th, 26th, 27th, 31st, 32d, 38th,
39th, 43d, 46th, 49th, 50th, 52d, 53d, and 54th—
which I will proceed to state with more particu-
larity.
The twentieth amendment is as follows:
To enable the Secretary of State to pay to the clerks in
his office, of clas.s four, the same compensation as was paid
to the same class in otherEveeutiveDepartments, fiom the
1st of July, 1853, to the 30th of June, 1S55, $2,178 76.
This amendment was designed to pay these
clerks the compensation allowed under the con-
struction given to the law applicable to the sub-
ject by the Department of State contrary to that
given by the Treasury Department.
The twenty-sixth amendment is as follows:
For continuing the work on the Washington aqueduct,
$300,000.
The .twenty-seventh amendment stands as fol-
lows: N
For rebuilding the Franklin engine-house in Washington
city, including the purchase of a suitable lot therefor, under
the direction of the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
$5,000.
The thirty-first and thirty-second amendments
are two of the military appropriations, and read
as follows:
For constructing barracks and other buildings at posts
which it may be iieco>smy to occupy durmi,' the year, and
for repaumg, altering, and enlarging buildings at the estab-
lished posts, including hiie or commutation of quaiters
for officers on military duty; hire of quarters for troops, of
etoie-houses ior the safe-keeping of military stores, and of
• grounds tor summer cantonments; for encampments and
temporary frontier stations, $100,000.
Foi mileage to officers of the Army for transportation
of themselves and baggage when traveling on duty with-
out troops or escort, $60,000.
The thirty-eighth amendment is as follows:
For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, $3,000.
The thirty-ninth amendment is as follows:
For taking care of the grounds south of the President's
House, continuing the improvements of the same, and
keeping them in or$Br, $3,000.
The forty-third amendment reads as follows:
For filling up a ravine in Judiciary square, $3,000.
The forty-sixth, and forty-ninth, and fiftieth
amendments are as follows:
For the purchase of trees and tree-boxes, $5,000.
For repairs of the Navy-Yaid and upper bridges of the
eastern branch of the Potomac liver, $5,000.
Foi complctinjjthe maune hospital at St. Marks, Florida,
$12,000, m addition to the s>um already appropriated.
The fifty-second amendment stands as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the balance of
the appiopnation " for pieventmg and suppressing Indian
hostilities" remaining in the Treasuiy be, and the same is
hereby, made applicable, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of War, to any expenses that may have been, or shall
be, incurred by the military m any part of the territories of
the United States m the airost and transportation to their
homes of Indians wandering therefrom, and for presents
to or hue of fnendly Indians during actual or apprehended
diHiculties with hostile tribes.
The amount of the appropriation proposed
by this amendment is not specified, but it is
ascertained that the amount of the balance is
$153,889 02. This amount is considerable; and
as the amendment involves a principle upon
which the House has indicated a pretty decided
feeling, the committee have recommended that
the Senate recede from it.
The fifty-third amendment reads as follows:
Sfc. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That the pioviao at the
end of the third section of the act of Match 3,1851 .entitled
"An act making appropriations for the scrvicc of the Post
Oflioo Department dm mg the fi*cal year ending the 30th of
June, 185-2, and lor othoi purposes," is hereby repealed.
The effect of this amendment is to take off the
limitation now imposed upon the power of the
Postmaster General to compound for penalties
incurred under contracts made with his Department
in case of failure—a provision which, if wise m
itself, has no proper place in a deficiency bill.
The fifty-fourth amendment is as follows:
Sue. 5. Jlnile it further enacted, That from and after
titc date when the supennicndency ol Indian attain was
sepaiated from the office of Governor of the lenitorj
Minnesota, under the provision contained in the second
section of the act of February 27, 1851, the annual salary
of the Governor of said Territory, as such, be the same as
if he was also superintendent of Indian affairs; and that
the appropriation heretofore made for salary of such super-
intendent be, and the same is hereby, authorized to be paid
as compensation of the Governor of said Territory.
The effect of this amendment is to increase the
compensation of the Governor of Minnesota, both
retrospectively and prospectively, and it does not
fitly belong to this bill.
in accordance with the recommendation of the
committee of confcrence, the Senate have receded
from all these fourteen amendments, and there is,
therefore, no controversy between the two Houses
as to them.
The committee of conference recommend that
the House concur in seven of the amendments of
the Senate, that is to say, the 19th, 22d, 30th,
33d, 34th, 42d, and 46th. The first in the list to
which they recommend a concurrence on the part
of the House is the 19th; which is as follows:
To provide for engraving the maps and drawings accom-
panying the reports of explorations and surveys to determ-
ine a Pacific railroad route, $49,200, or so much thereof as
may be necessary ; and the said maps and drawings shall
be engraved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of War.
It may'be well to make a brief explanation of
this amendment. It will be recollected that the
publication of the reports of these explorations
and surveys has been ordered by the House.
Estimates were made for defraying the expenses
of the work, including that of lithographing the'
maps and drawings accompanying the work.
The Senate inserted in this bill an amendment,
proposing an appropriation of $49,200, for the
purpose of having this work executed in a more
thorough and more valuable form than was ori-
ginally estimated for. The committee have ascer-
tained, to their satisfaction, that the expense of
the drawings—to which some objection has been
made—will not exceed one thousand five hundred
or two thousand dollars; and they believe they
are necessary, or, if not necessary, very import-
ant and valuable exponents of the surveys. They,
therefore, did not think it advisable that the
House should adhere to its disagreement on
account of this objection.
The greater part of the item of §49,200, all,
indeed, but §1,500 or §3,000, becomes necessary
by reason of the substitution of engraved for lith-
ographic maps. The lithographic maps estimated
for are inadequate to exhibit the character of the
country, and are extremely meager; and, on the
other hand, the engraved maps are minute and
valuable in the exhibition of the topography of
the country, than which nothing is more essential
to the value of the work, or to the proper illustra-
tion of the surveys. The enhanced value of the
work which would result from the execution of
the engraved maps has induced the committee
to recommend that the House concur in the Sen-
ate's amendments. The thirtieth and thirty-third
amendments are two of the appropriations for the
military service—for incidental expenses in the
quartermaster's department, and for the transpor-
tation service of the War Department—amount-
in? to $1,180,000. The House had already con-
curred in the twenty-ninth amendment, which
appropriates §490,000 for the regular supplies
of the quartermaster's department, without any
objection or discussion; and the committee were
not able to see on what ground they could decline
to advise the House to concur in these amend-
ments, or on what ground the House would dis-
criminate between the appropriations proposed
by the thirtieth and thirty-third amendments and
that made by the twenty-ninth amendment, other
than that they be supposed to authorize extrava-
gant expenditures on the part of the War Depart-
ment. To meet any objection of that kind on the
part of the House, they have advised that the Sen-
ate recede from the amendments making appro-
priations for the Army to the extent of ph'0,000
in amendments thirty-one and thirty-two, and
$153,000 and upwards in amendment fifty-two,
making a reduction in all of upwards of three
hundred thousand dollars; this being m effect a
reduction applicable to the whole amount of the
Army appropriations, inasmuch as, though sepa-
rated into items by the bill, they are all transfer-
able from one account to the other at the pleasure
of the Department, under existing law.
The thirty-fourth amendment is as follows:
For defraying the expenses of the supreme, circuit, and
district courts of the United States, including the District.
of Columbia; also for jurors and witnesses xn aid of the
funds arising from fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred
in the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1856, and pre-
vious years; and likewise for defraying the expenses of suits
in which the United States are concerned, and of prosecu-
tions for offenses committed against the united States,and
for the safe-keeping of prisoners, §200,000.
It is proper to say, in regard to this-appropria-
tion, that the committee have ascertained that the
$200,000 proposed to be appropriated for these
expenses are not based upon estimates for the
payment of the suspended accounts mentioned
m the letter of Mr. Whittlesey, which accom-
panies the communication of the Secretary of the
Interior, asking for the appropriation, nor of the
expenses recently incurred by the United States
marshal at Cincinnati, in the arrest and rendition
of certain slaves, of whom mention has been
made in the discussion upon this bill.
The forty-second and forty-fourth amendments
are as follows:
For construction of a sewer in Judiciary square, $6,000.
For placing the sewer-opemngs along Pennsylvania ave-
nue, undS- tiie footway, and trapping the same, .$'8,000.
These amendments are deemed necessary by
the committee for the health of the city of Wash-
ington in the summer now approaching; and,
as the House concurred in the amendment for
filling up lots attached to the navy-yard at Nor-
folk, on the ground of its necessity forthe health
of that city, the committee recommend that these
amendments be adopted on the same ground.
They are appropriations for sanitary measures
to be carried into effect in apprehension of the
approach of cholera or other epidemic disease.
These provisions are necessary to the health of
members of Congress, w*fco are residents here
during the summer months, as well as to that of
the permanent inhabitants of the city. There is
another amendment, which I have accidentally
overlooked, making an appropriation of a small
amount—only a thousand dollars—for compen-
sation of clerical services performed in the office
of the United States legation at London. It ia
the twenty-second amendment which I overlooked
in passing. The case intended to be provided
for by this amendment was brought to the atten-
tion of the House by a message from the Pres-
ident, which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs; and, as the chairman of that com-
mittee, I have been directed to report a bill to pro-
vide for those expenses. That bill I have had for
some time prepared, and waiting an opportunity
to report it. The person for whom the appropri-
ation is designed (Mr. Henry Cronchey) is agen-
tleman of laborious habits, distinguished fidelity,
and estimable character, whose devotion to the
interests of the legation is attested by all the min-
isters for many years under whom he served.
With this explanation of all the points of dif-
ference between the two Houses, now so much
narrowed down, and supposing that no gentle-
man desires further to debate it, I move that the
House concur in the report of the committee, and
upon that motion I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. GILBERT. I move that the report be
laid upon the table.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. What will be the effect
of that motion? .
The SPEAKER. If carried, it will carry the
bill with it. . .
Mr. COBB. Yes, sir; that is, it will kill the
The question was taken; and the House refused
to lay the report upon the table.
Mr. MORGAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidedin
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 52; as follows:
YEAS — Messis. Aiken, Harbour, Barksdale, Bell, Bo-
cock, Branch, Uiooks, Cadwatader, James II. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile. Cla\v on, Clragman, Howell
Cobb, Cox, Cullen, Davidson. Henry Winter Davis, Tim-
othy Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Durfee. Edmundson, Llllott,
Eustis Evans, Faulkner, Floicuee, Fo tei, Henry M. tid-
ier, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Greenwood, Grow, J. Morrison
Harris, Harrison. Haven, Herbert, Hickman, Thomas K.
Horton, Valentine B. Horton, J. Clancy Jones, Kennett,
McQueen, Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Murray, * ,
Peck, Pennington, Phelps, Prmgle, PurvianM,
ison,Sandidse, Scott, Simmons, Samuel A. SrtiMi, ™  
Smith, William E. Smith, Stranahan, Talbott, Taylor,
