1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
upon that law, it was held not to apply to the
laborers in the Executive Departments. The object
of this joint resolution is simply to put the labor-
ers in the Executive Departments upon the same
footing as other laborers—giving them the ben-
efit of twenty per cent, upon the salary of $480.
That is the whole of the bill, and I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. T ask the gentle-
man from Georgia to withdraw his call for a mo-
ment. The bill provides that the compensation
shall be $576 per annum. I would, if permitted,
move to strike out that sum, and insert $600.
The difference is very small; and then it will be
fifty dollars a month, and the payment will be
much easier.
Mr. COBB. I will allow that amendment to
be offered, and then call the previous question.
The committee, I have no doubt, would have so
reported, but they desired to put this resolution
upon the twenty per cent, increase. 1 approve of
the suggestion of the gentleman from Tennessee,
and I call the previous question.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I desire to ask a
question of the gentleman from Georgia. Does
not the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee extend only to the laborers in the Executive
Departments ? If so, it places their compensation
beyond that of the laborer# in the other depart-
ments.
Mr. JONES. I will modify my amendment,
then, to make it apply also to the laborers m the
legislative departments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the amendment was agreed to,
and the joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Being engrossed it was read the third time.
Mr. COBB moved the previous question on the
passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I move to amend the title so that
it shall read:
A bill giving increased compensation to the
laborers in the employ of the executive and legis-
lative departments of the Government, in the
city of Washington.
'The amendment was agreed to; and the title,
a.s amended, was adopted.
TEXAS CREDITORS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to be allowed to re-
port from the Committee of Ways and Means a
joint resolution extending the time within which
the creditors of Texas are required to present
their claims at the Treasury Department. It is a
bill unanimously agreed to by the committee,
upon the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know whether
the regular order of business is not the report from
the Committee on Public Lands, in reference to*
the Pacific railroad ?
The SPEAKER. That is the regular order of
business; but the gentleman from Maryland is
entitled to submit a motion. The gentleman will
state his motion.
Mr. DAV3S. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to report a joint resolution, extending
the time within which the creditors of Texas are
required to present their claims, with a view to
put it upon its passage. If objection is made, 1
move to suspend the rules. i
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. J ask that the
resolution may be read.
The resolution was read. It extends the time
within which Texas creditors must present their
claims to the Treasury Department, sixty days,
and provides that those claims which are not pre-
sented withm such time may be presented to the
government of Texas, and, upon being paid by
that government, the amount so paid, shall be
refunded to Texas by the United States, upon
the presentation of the certificates here.
No objection being made, Mr. Davis reported
the joint resolution; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. DAVIS. I move the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. There is no objection, as I
understand. It is a bfll which ought to pass.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
submitting additional estimates for the completion
of the custom-house at Norfolk, Virginia; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 move to suspend the rules;
and I wish to say one word to the House as to
my object. It is well known to every member,
that during almost the cnthe session privileged
questions have overridden all private claims. I
therefore, now, on behalf of private claimants,
ask that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and take
up and pass all those bills to which there is no
objection, beginning at the head of the Calendar,
and passing on through it. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended;and the
House resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole House, (Mr. Phelps in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the bills on the
Private Calendar, to which there was no objec-
tion.
A bill (H. R. No. 104) to enable the United
States to make use of the solar compass m the
public surveys. [Objected to by Mr. Carlile.]
A bill authorizing the legal representatives of j
Manuel Gonzales Moro to enter certain lands in ;
Missouri.
The bill authorizes the legal representatives of
Manuel Gonzales Moro to enter, without pay-
ment, atany land office m the State of Missouri,
in such quantities, agreeably to the United States
surveys, as the claimants may desire, a quantity
of land subject to private entry, not exceeding
seven thousand and fifty-six arpents of land, in
heu of, and m compensation for, a claim of that
quantity allowed to them by the board of com- j
missioners appointed for the final ad justment of J
private land claims in the State of Missouri, and j
confirmed to them by " An act confirming claims ;
to land in the State of Missouri, and for other ;
purposes," approved July 4, 1-536. And the ;
register and receiver of the land oliices aforesaid .
shall i-eceive the proper applications and proof?, j
and Shall issue the necessaivcertificate or etmfi- |
cates; on return of uhich to the General Land
Office, with proof sufficient, in the opinion of the
Secretary of the Interior, to establish the rmht of
the claimants as such legal representatives, a ;
patent or patents shall issue as m other cases. j
The report states that the said Moro, of St.
Louis, Missouri, had a valid grant and concession !
from the Spanish authorities authorized to make
such concession in Upper Louis.ana prior to the :
treaty by which that country was ceded by the '
Government of Spain to that of France, for a .
league square of land, or seven thousand and
fifty-six arpents. Tins was among 'he claims
reported upon favorably for confirmation by the
recorder of land titles, and the two commission-
ers associated with him, uu(1<t the act of Juiy 9, ,
1832; and under the operation of another act .
" confirming claims to lauds in the S\ue ->f Mis-
souri," of July 4, 1S36, the said cluim was con- '
firmed. It appears,however, that this* claim had
never been surveyed and loeated under the Spanish ;
authorities. The Commissioner of the General ■
i Land Office has decided that he has not the power, \
under existing law, to issue a certificate of loca- J
tion and patent in such a case, and that Congress j:
alone can alford relief. i
Mr. KENNETT moved to amend, by limiting |
the lands upon which the claimants are at liberty j
to enter, to those the price of which,shall not
exceed $1 25 per acre. ...
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then laid aside to be
reported to the House.
A bill (H. R. No. 225) for the relief of Joseph
Richards, of Berks county,Pennsylvania. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Carlile.]
A bill (H. R. No. 243) for the relief of George
K. McGunnegle, surviving partner of the late
firm of Hill & McGunnegle, of St. Louis, Mis^
aouri.
Tho bill provides that $2,282 67 be appro-
priated, to be paid to George K. McGunnegle,
surviving partner of the late firm of Hill & Mc-
Gunnegle, of St. Louis, Missouri, in fulL for fur^
nishing and transporting supplies to the Illinois
militia, in tl?e Black Hawk war.
_Mr. QUITMAN moved a substitute for the
bill, providing that the same amount'be paid to
the heirs and assigns of the said McGunnegle.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend by insert-
ing the words, "and pay said sum to the firm of
Hill & McGunnegle, or their assigns." I under-
stand that both partners are living, and I do not
think it is proper to provide for payment to only
one of them.
Mr. QUITMAN. We were informed that the-
partnership had ceased by the death of one of the
partners. However, I do not object to the gen-
tleman's amendment. I accept it as the modifi-
cation of my amendment.
Mr. DICK. Testimony was before the commit-
tee that the firm has assigned over to McGunnegle,
for his use and benefit.
Mr. LETCHER. If that be the state of the
case, then my amendment will not affect the bill.
The money is to be payable to the firm or its as-
signs, and of course, if he is the assignee, it will
go to McGunnegle. f
Mr. DICK. I do notobject to theamendment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside to be
reported to the House.
A bill (H. R. No. 260) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Thomas Gordon, de-
ceased.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the legal representatives of Thomas
Gordon, deceased, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, nineteen and
eighteen ninetieths dollars, with interest, at the
rate of six per centum per annum, from the 5th
of April, 1781, being in full for a certificate given
by 'limothy-Pickering,quartermaster general, to
the said Thomas Gordon, deceased, for nineteen
and eighteen ninetieths dollars, and interest, and
bearing date the 29th of July, 1782.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 269) for the relief of the
sureties of the late Lieutenant Charles E. Jarvis,
United States Army.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to credit and allow the sum of
37, in the accounts of Lieutenant Charles
E. Jurvis, deceased, and late acting assistant com-
missary of subsistence for disbursements made
on h;s passage to California, and for transporta-
tion on his arrival there, ttre vouchers for the
same having been lost or stolon after his death in
California.
The report shows that Lieutenant Jarvis served
with credit in the war with Mexico, and was
brevetted for meritorious services; that he came
out of that war in greatly impaired health; that
m December. 3848,stiil m infirm health, he sailed
with his command for California, via Cape Horn,
vvheie he arrived May 3, 1849. Before sailing
for California, Jr? received from the Government,
as assis;;ipt commissary of subsistence, the sum
of $3.0oO. and from the quartermaster's depart-
ment 31, for the faithful disbursement of
which the claimants were sureties. On the 9th
day of June, 1849, Lieutenant Jarvis died at
Sonoma, in California. No account was ever
rendered to the Government by Lieutenant Jar-
vis, from the day of his sailing from New York
to the date of his death, though it was his duty
to have done so quarterly, and, at the time of his
death, he was debited with the whole amount
advanced to him; but, by a subsequent account-
ing by Lieutenant D. R. Jones, itappears that he-
