46a
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 7,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Geyer.
Sen-
ate.
  
higher sanctity than any other act of legislation,
repealable at any time.
In the minority report, it is regarded as a stip-
ulation in a compact obligatory on the southern
States, though not binding on the northern States,
except as an ordinary act of legislation; it being
the doctrine of that report, as I understand it,
that a State or section can only be bound by the
vote of a majority of its Representatives, mean-
ing, of course, morally bound by the measure as
a compact.
The test vote on the so-called compromise was
taken in both Houses, on the 2d March, on
striking out the provision prohibiting slavery in
that State, as recommended by the committee of
conference. In the Senate, one free State only
voted in the affirmative; three were divided. In
the House of Representatives, of the members
from the free States, only fourteen, out of one
hundred and one present, voted in the affirmative;
and the majority of the Representatives of every
free State voted in the negative, except Rhode !
Island, which divided.*
It appears, then, that according to the principle
of the minority report, not one of the non-slave-
holding States was a party to the alleged compact
of 1820, or under any legal or moral obligation
to observe it as such; and from what has since
occurred, it may be inferred that their Represent-
atives acted upon that principle from the first—
only as many of their number voting for it as
■were necessary, together with the votes of the
southern Representatives, to carry a measure
"which they knew was understood by southern
members to be a compromise, and which they
did not intend should be obligatory on the States
represented by them. It was accepted by the
southern States, in the hope pf receiving exemp-
tion from future agitation and aggression; and
that they expected to accomplish. They have
never asked Congress to legislate slavery into any
territory, or establish it anywhere by law. They
have always stood on the defensive, claiming only
the protection of the laws and exemption from
aggression.
The people of Missouri having formed a con-
stitution and State government for themselves,
under, and in conformity with, the provisions of
the act of 1820, anticipated no opposition to the
admission of the State into the Union, and put
the new government in full operation; but it was
Boon ascertained that northern States, having
secui-ed the admission of Maine, and the prohibi-
tion of slavery in the Territories by law, chose
to regard the act of 1820 as an ordinary act of
legislation, not a compact; repudiating all obliga-
tion, legal or moral, to admit Missouri as a sjave-
holding State. This is apparent from resolutions
passed by the Legislatures of New York and
Vermont, as well as the acts and votes of the Rep-
resentatives of all the northern States in Congress.
The resolutions of Vermont, which I commend
to the special attention of the honorable author
of the minority report, in terms deny that there
was any obligation to admit Missouri, and in-
struct their Senators and Representatives to vote
against the admission of Missouri.
Those of New York reaffirm the resolves of the
year before, against the admission of any new State
whose constitution, does not prohibit slavery.
The resolutions will be found on pages 26 and :
50, Senate Journal, second session of the Six-
teenth Congress.
At that session Mr. Lowndes, of South Caro-
iina, introduced into the House of Representa-
tives a joint resolution, in the ordinary form, for
the admission of Missouri. After an exciting
debate, it was rejected by a vote of 79 yeas to 93
nays—a majority of the Representatives of every
Mon-slaveholding State voting in the negative.-*
T. he ostensible cause of opposition to Missouri
was a clause in her constitution requiring the
Legislature to pass laws prohibiting the migration
of free negroes and mulattoes into the State;
which,U was contended, contravened that clause
of the Constitution which declares the citizens of
each State shall be entitled to all the privileges
of citizens of the several States.
The Senate passed a resolution, with a proviso
to the effect that it should not be construed to give
* Bee Appendix, No. 2. f See Appendix, No. 3.
the assent of Congress to any clause in the con-
! stitution of Missouri; if any there be, contra-
, vening the clause of the Constitution of the United
States respecting the citizens of the several States.
In the House, many amendments were proposed
to the Senate resolution, requiring that the clause
objected to should be expunged from the consti-
tution, as a condition precedent to the admission
of the State into the Union. One of them, per-
haps ihore, proposed to constitute the Legisla-
ture a convention, with power to amend the con-
stitution as demanded; one was so absurd as to
require the clause to be expunged by the Legis-
lature before the 1st of December, 1821, under a
constitution which required the concurrence of
two successive Legislatures in an amendment to
the constitution. All failed, however.
Mr. McLane, of Delaware, submitted a reason-
able proposition, the effect of which would have
been substantially the same as the resolution
afterward s passed; that is, to require such con-
struction of the Constitution and laws of the
State as not to deny citizens of each State any of
the privileges and immunities of citizens of the
several States. It was rejected, as were other
amendments of the like import, obviously because
the real cause of opposition was not the clause
complained of in the debate, which conferred
upon the Legislature no power which had not
been exercised in other States without complaint.
Massachusetts, whose Representatives always
voted against every proposition to admit Missouri
under her existing constitution, ostensibly on '
the ground that, by excluding from the State free
negroes and mulattoes of other States, citizens '
of other States were denied the privileges and !
immunities of citizens of that State, had, at the
time, a law in force which provided: !
"That no person, being an African or negro, other than i
a subject of the Emperor of Morocco, or a citizen of some
one of the United States, (to be evidenced by a certificate
from the Secretary of the State of which he shall be a
citizen,) shall tarry within this Commonwealth for a longer
time than two months; and, upon complaint made to any
justice of the peace within this Commonwealth, that any
such person has been within the same more than two
months, the said justice shall order the said person to
depart out of this Commonwealth; and in case that the
said African or negro shall not depart, as aforesaid, any
justice of the peace within this Commonwealth, upon
complaint and proof made that such person has continued
wjthin this Commonwealth ten da.re after notice given him
or her to depart as aforesaid, shall commit the person to
any house of correction within the county, there to be kept
to hard labor, agreeably to the rules and orders of the said
house, until the sessions of the peace next to be lioidcri
within and for the said county; and the master of the said
house of correction is hereby required and directed to
transmit an attested copy of the warrant of commitment to
the said court, on the first day of their said session; and if,
upon trial at the said court, it shall be made to appear that
the said person has thu3 continued within this Common-
wealth contrary to the tenor of this act, he or she shall be
whipped not exceeding ten stripes, and ordered to depart
outT>f this Commonwealth within ten days; and if he or
she shall not so depart, the same process shall be had and
punishment inflicted, and so toties guoties."
It is not credible that, with this law in force
in Massachusetts at the time, the Representa-
tives of that State, in both Houses, voted against
thi admission of Missouri for no other cause
than that her constitution required similar legis-
lation, though not necessarily so severe. Durin 
the debate on the Nebraska bill in the Senate, the
Massachusetts law was quoted by the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] and both
the Senators from • Massachusetts said its object
was to keep runaway slaves out of that State; it
I occurred to me then, and I think still, it was the
• most singular discharge of the obligation of that
State under the Constitution that could be imag-
ined, this Massachusetts law for the return of
fugitives!—to seize all negroes, bond orfree,con-
! fine them in a work-house at hard labor for the
j benefit of the town, and in due time whip them
out of the State, the process to be repeated as
often as they are caught in the State.
; The first law of Missouri providing for the ex-
clusion of free negroes and mulattoes, was drawn I
by me. It contains most of the provisions of the ! I
Massachusetts law, except the work-house part
and the Latin; we of Missouri are not so thrifty as
to set prisoners detained for trial at hard labor,
and com dimes out of them; nor do we enact laws
for the punishment of any persons in a language
they do not understand.
After the rejection of Mr. McLane's amend-
ment to the Senate resolution, the subject was
referred to a select committee, who reported an
amendment, so as to make it a resolution declaring
that "Missouri shall be admitted into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States in all
respects whatsoever upon a fundamental condi-
*/?n' - s"bstantially the same afterwards passed.
Mr. Maljory, of Vermont, moved an amend-
ment, which, and the vote upon it, will show how
little the Representatives of the North were dis-
posed to regard the so-called Missouri compro-
tnise. He moved to amend the amendment of
the committee by striking out all after the word
respects, and insert the following:
" Whenever the people of the said State, by a convention
appointed according to the manner provided by the ' Act to
authorize the people of Missouri to form a constitution and
State government, and for the admission of such State into
the Union on an equal footing with the original States and
to prohibit slavery in certain'Territories,' approved March
6, 1820, adopt a constitution conformably to the piovisions
oi said act,and shall, in addition to said provisions, further
provide, in and by said constitution, that neither slavervnor
involuntary servitude shall be allowed in said State of Mia
souri, unless inflicted as a punishment for crimes committed
against the laws of said State whereof the party accused
shall be duly convicted : Provided, That the civil condition
of those persons who now are held to service in Missouri
shall not be affected by this last provision."
On this proposition the vote was 61 yeas to 107
nays, a majority of the Representatives of Mas-
sachusetts and Vermont, and of every other non-
slaveholding State except three, voting in the
affirmative.* This I regard as a direct disaffirm-
ance of the alleged compromise, denying all obli-
gation to admit Missouri with "a constitution
conformably to the provisions of the act of 6th
March, 1820, " and requiring the formation of a
new constitution, not only in conformity with that
act, but expressly prohibiting slavery within that
State.
The amendment proposed by the select com-
mittee to the Senate resolution was agreed to
but the resolution as amended was rejected on
the third reading. It was afterwards reconsid-
ered, and again rejected. On each vote rejecting
the resolution a majority of the Representatives
of every free State voted in the negative.
On the 22d February, Mr. Clay proposed a
joint committee to take into consideration and
report on the expediency of admitting Missouri,
or making some provision adapted to her actual
condition. Such a committee was accordingly
appointed, and reported a joint resolution, which
was afterwards passed. It was reported on the
26th of February. The resolution was ordered
to a third reading, and passed the House on tha
same day by a vote of 87 yeas against 81 nays.
Every non-slaveholding State, except two, voting
by a majority of its Representatives against the
, admission of Missouri, even on the fundamental
condition contained in the resolution .f In the
Senate the vote was more favorable.
The joint resolution having passed both Houses
was approved on the 2d of March, 1821. The
fundamental condition was afterwards accepted
by Missouri by a solemn public act, as required,
which formed a compact between the United
States and Missouri for the admission of that
State.
The act of 1820 enabled the people of Missouri
to form a constitution and State government; they
availed themselves of it, formed a constitution
under its provisions, and in conformity with them.
The State became entitled to admission by the
j terms of the law, but was rejected by the non-
slaveholding States. She is in the Union under
a compact between her and the United States,
made in 1821, and not under any supposed com-
promise " between the northern and southern
, States in 1820.
The northern States having repudiated the
Missouri compromise by refusing to admit Mis-
souri, after having procured the admission of
Maine and the prohibition of slavery in the Ter-
ritories by law, the southern States were under
no obligation, legal or moral, to observe it longer;
but, as I have said, they continued to regard it as
binding both parties, and on every suitable occa-
sion endeavored to obtain a recognition of it by
the northern States, but without success.
When the bill to organize the Territory of
Oregon was before the Senate in 1848, an amend-
ment recognizing the Missouri compromise was
* See Appendix, No. 4. f See Appendix, No. 5.
