1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
• Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trippe, Tyson, V^lfe, Walker,
Warner, W atkins, Welch, Whitney, Williams, Daniel B.
Wright, and John V. Wright—85.
nays—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Bliss, Bowie, Brenton, Buffinton, Burlingame,
Burnett, Oaskie, Ezra Clark, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Col-
fax, Cragin, Cumback, Edwards, Flagler, Galloway, Gilbert,
Goode, Granger, iiarlan, Holloway, Hughston, George W.
Jones, Kellj^Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Letcher, Luidley,
Matteson, Morgan, Morrill, Andrew Oliver, Perry, Puryear,
Ready, Sabin, Sapp, Sneed, Stanton, Tappan, Trafton,
Walbridge, Waldron, Israel Washburn, Wheeler, Wood-
ralf, and Woodworth—52.
So the report was adopted.
Pending the above call,
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Dean, had paired off with Mr.
Shorter.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsiderbe laid on the tal^Je.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT EXTRA COPIES.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee opi Public
Printing, reported the following resolution:
Resolved*, That there be printed one hundred thousand
copies extra of the agricultural portion of the Patent Orl'icc
report for the use or the Hou^e, and tori thousand exua
additional for the use of the Patent Office.
Mr. HOLLOWAY. Mr. Speaker, every mem-
ber must know that one bundled and ten thou-
sand extra copies are not sufficient to answer
anything like the demand for the agricultural
portion of the Patent Office report. In consider-
ation of that demand for this very valuable work,
I move that the resolution be amended so that it
will provide for the pynting uf two hundred and
ten thousand extra copies.
Mr. CRAGIN. The number of extra copies
recommended by the committee is the same as
that ordered at the last session. I agree with the
gentleman from Indiana, who has offered the
amendment, that one hundred and ten thousand
copies is a number too small to meet the demand
for this work. Every gentleman here who rep-
resents an agricultural constituency knows that
the number ordeied at the last session was alto-
gether to small for the demand. The woik is
exceedingly valuable. I am constantly applied
to for copies of the agricultural poition of the
Patent Office report, especially the last volume;
and I understand that the present volume, the
printing of which this resolution contemplates,
will be equally valuable. It will contain, 1 under-
stand, about one hundred pages of engravings,
illustrating the insects or worms which destroy
the cotton plant, a subject particulaily interesting
to southern gentlemen.
1 wish to make a statement now m reference to
the cost of this work. The Committee on Print-
ing have adopted it as a rule to require from the
Superintendent of Public Printing an estimate of
the cost of all the works which that committee
recommend to this 1 louse to be printed. These
one hundred thousand extra copies are estimated ;
to cost $56,835, or about fifty-six cents per copy;
and I wish to call the attention of the House to
the items which make up that sum, to show that
gentlemen are mistaken who think that the pub-
he printer receives all the money paid for print-
ing these works. The estimated cost of the
letter-press, which is the only amount paid to
the public printer, is $9,036 for the whole hun-
dred thousand copies, or about nine and one third
cents per volume. The balance of the expense
is for the paper and binding. The paper for the
one hundred thousand extra copies costs $22,499;
and the cost of binding is $13,250.  So the bare
cost of the binding is about $4,000 more than
the public printer will receive.
I make these remarks in relation to the cost of
printing, so far as relates to the public printer,
that the members upon this side of the House
may not feel that, by voting so large a number
of this work, they are paying money into the
hands of the public printer; for such is not the
fact to any extent; for no gentleman will believe
that a man can get rich very fast by doing the
composition and press-work of such a book as
this at nine and one third cents per copy.
I agree with the honorable gentleman from In-
diana who moved this amendment; and if it were
proper, I would accept his amendment; for I be-
lieve that $100,000, which will cover the expense
of two hundred thousand copies, is no more than
right, when we consider the interest which is to
be regarded in this matter.
The last Congress appropriated §250,000 for
engravings for the Japan expedition; and I ask
gentlemen of this House to consider whether
$100,000 expended for the agricultural portion of
the Patent Office report, is not better expended
than the $250,000 for engraving those pictures,
which amount to nothing? I know it is no argu-
ment that, because an appropriation has been made
for one work which is not valuable, a less sum
should be made for another; but I hold that this
report is a valuable one, and that we should make
this appropriation, and increase the number, in
order that the great agricultural interest of this
country may receive some attention from Con-
gress.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not rise to take part
in this discussion, but to make a motion to term-
inate it. I will, however, say that I differ alto-
gether with the gentleman from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Cragin.] I have paid some little attention
to this matteras connected with my district. The
gentleman says, that by printing one hundred
thousand extra copies, which will give about four
hundred copics to each member, you will not
supply the wants of our constituents. I once tried
the experiment of sending sixteen or seventeen
hundred copies of this PatentOffico report—some
of which I obtained by exchange and some T
bought—into my district; and I gave more dis-
satisfaction to my constituents than by any other
distribution i ever made. Why? I fiave fifteen
thousand voters m my district, and yet I sent less
than two thousand copies, and there were left
some thirteen thousand voters to complain that
they were not served. I say, thciefoie, to gen-
tlemen, if they expect to satisfy the wants of the
community, they must give one copy to each
voter, and to do that will require some four or
five millions.
Mr. {SIMMONS. I wish to make a suggestion
to the gentleman from North Carolina. 1 ask
him whether it would not be expedient to intro-
duce lull, and pass it into a law by both Houses
of Congress, to appoint a clerk m every county
or town in the United States, to whom all the
books published by Congress should be sent for
distribution by the Clerk of the House and the
Secretary of tin? Senate, thereby relieving mem- j
hers of Congress from that labor, and 1ea\mg
them to do the business of the country?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I fully agree with the in-
timation of the gentleman from New York, and
I have no doubt that it would be a wise policy to
appoint agents to distribute books and seeds, and
thereby enable members to attend to the legisla-
tion of the country. But until that is done I am
utterly opposed to increasing the labor now im-
posed upon us. It would take an ordinary clerk
all the tune to attend to the distribution of seeds
and documents, and to answer the correspond-
ence connected therewith, with which we, in our
legislative capacity, have nothing to do.
But I was about to say, that it seems to me that
this matter of publication of books for distribution
has become an enormous abuse. The gentleman
on my right says that we spent some two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars last session in printing
some picture books. I have no doubt that the
money was badly applied; butat thi&very session
we have made large appropriations to print some
more picture books; and by voting this money you
do not stop these abuses. If we were to put the
books published by this House into the book-
stores for sale, you could not realize fifty per
cent, upon the cost, with the exception of the
Patent OlHcc report. I have no doubt, if you
were to offer them at cost, they would not sell.at
all, and yet we are sending them through the mail
under our frank, and there is a deficiency in the
Post Office revenues of some two millions of
dollars. I shouldlike to know how much of that
amount goes to pay for the distribution of these
books. If we arc going to distribute them, we
had better do it in some other way.
Mr. McMULLlN. If the gentleman from
North Carolina will allow me, I desire to know
whether it is contemplated on the part of the
Committee on Printing to increase the number of
the mechanical portion of the report?
A Member. No.
Mr. McMULLlN. I understand it does not.
I desire then to ask the gentleman from North
Carolina, as I presume he will call for the pre-
vious question, if he would be willing to move
an amendment, to allow members to substitute
the agricultural for the mechanical portion of the
Patent Office report?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will answer the gentle-
man's question with pleasure. I attempted to
get in a proposition of that sort this very session.
It will be recollected that two or three months
since, when the printing of the mechanical report
was under consideration, I endeavored to reduce
the number to be printed; and failing in that, I
tried to get in a motion to allow each gentleman
to designate which report he would have. That
proposition was voted down, and the House au-
thorized the printing of sixty or seventy thou-
sand copies of the report. The order to print has
been made, and I have no doubt that they are
printed, or in the process of being printed. If
the gentleman is advertised that the order will be
in time, 1 wilj very cheerfully make a motion to
carry out his view.
Mr. McMULLlN. I do not know how the
fact is; but if the reports are not yet printed, I,
as representing an agricultural district, would be
very much gratified to exchange two thirds of
the number of copies of the mechanical portion
of the report to which I am entitled, for the like
number of copies of the agricultural portion. I do
not want to have the aggregate number increased,
but would be very much gratified to ascertain the
fact whether I can substitute the agricultural for
the mechanical.
| Mr. CLINGMAN. I presume it cannot be
| done. But I was about to say this: If any gen-
I tleman imagines that he is serving himself and
; sccuuug votes by sending out books thus, he is
; mistaken. When you come to send a speech or
l circular, or anything of that sort, and order fifteen
i or twenty thousand copies, so that you can supply
every voter m your district, you may make some-
| thing. Now, in my own district I have one hun-
j dred and sixty or one hundred and seventy post
offices 
Mr. LINDLEY, (interrupting.) I have un-
; dorstood from the gentlemen who reported this
resolution and offered the amendment, that these
| books were exceedingly valuable to the agricul-
; turistsof the country. I have endeavored to send
them to my district; nor did I do that altogether—
if at all—with a view of making votes. It may,
as the gentleman from North Carolina says, do
injury; but at the same time it benefits the people,
and they ought to have these books. I do not
care about votes, even if they do hurt a little—
we must get knocks any how.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I suspect that, although
that consideration does not operate on my friend
from Missouri, it has operated on the minds of
other members of Congress to a very great extent,
j Now, my constituents—and I have no doubt that
is so with the constituents of other gentlemen
-—are independent enough to invest their money
in such books as are valuable. And if this Patent
Office, or anybody else, publish really valuable
reports, 1 have no doubt they will be bought.
The body of my people are able to buy books,
and do buy useful books. But what I complain
of is, that you print a large number of books
which could not be sold, and you have them trans-
ported over the country at enormous expense.
And this abuse is growing from session to session.
When I first came here, I only got twenty or
thirty copies of this agricultural report. Very
soon the number was increased till 1 got one hun-
dred, then two hundred, then four hundred, and
now the proposition is to give eight hundred copies
to each member. Well, we may go on till each
member gets eight thousand copies; and even then
it will not effect any change in the community.
Now, I submit to the gentleman from Missouri
whether, if the information contained in this re-
port is valuable, and be printed, his constituents
will not find a way to get hold of it.
My object, however, Mr. Speaker, was to stop
this debate if I can. I am exceedingly anxious
to have some progress made in the public busi-
ness. In all the time that I have served in this
House I have never seen a Congress that made
such little progress as this; and if we go on at the
rate at which we are now moving, the " Rump
Parliament" will have been a steam engine in
comparison with us. A famous Legislature in
our State once was called the Terrapin Legisla-
