1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Geyer.
•Senate.
proposed and carried; every southern Senator
voting for it; ind (if I am not mistaken) every
northern Senator present against it, with few-
exceptions. It was defeated in the House of
Representatives by northern votes. This I re-
gard as a decided disavowal of the obligation of
that compromise.
Still southern representatives continued to hope
and to urge the recognition of that compromise,
until they were compelled themselves to abandon
it by the votes of the northern States in the
attempt at legislation for the territory acquired
by treaty with Mexico. During the memorable
controversy which was settled by the compro-
mise measures of 1850, southern representatives
repeatedly endeavored to obtain a recognition of
the Missouri compromise so-called by extend-
ing it to the newly-acquired territory, and were
always repulsed by the northern States. They had
no other-alternative, therefore, than to accept and
act upon the interpretation given by the northern
States to the legislation of 1820 from the begin-
ning, to be obeyed while in force, but subject to
repeal in the same manner as other acts of Con-
gress having none of the sanctity of compacts.
The compromise of 1850 was a practical renun-
ciation of the Missouri compromise by both
parties; the compromise line, so-called, was ob-
literated, and the principle of non-intervention,
which before only applied to the territory south
of that line, was extended to the whole of the
newly-acquired territory. The southern States
did not ask Congress to legislate slavery into any
territory; they asked only what they were en-
titled to of right, that there should be no interven-
tion; and to obtain that they were obliged to make
new concessions.
The act of 1854 was no violation of any exist- ]
ing compact or compromise, but the constitutional j
repeal of an ordinary act of Congress of doubtful :
authority as a law, and of no moral obligation
as a compact. The most that can be said is, that
the legislation of 1820 was carried, and the Mis-
souri prohibition repealed, by the vote of the
southern States, without the assentof the northern
States; and there it ends both as a compromise
and a precedent of legislative construction of the
Constitution."
The compromise of 1820, as it is called, always
disowned by northern representatives, was thus
finally renounced by all parties, and now the
representatives of southern States are charged
with a breach of faith in repealing; the Missouri
prohibition, which had always been regarded by
the North as an ordinary act of legislation. It
is true, as the honorable Senator from Vermont
says, that it was repealed by the southern States,
their representatives, with a few honorable excep-
tions, voting for it, and a majority of the repre-
sentatives of the free States against it; but what
of that? If the North did not assent to the
repeal,it never assented to the compromise; there
was a larger northern vote in favor of the repeal,
than in favor of the alleged compromise of 1820.
Tuesday, April 8,1856.
Mr. President, I now proceed to the consider-
ation of the Kansas-Nebraska act, the circum-
stances which attended its passage, and the con-
sequences that flfiwed from it. The objections
are stated in the minority report. . I refer to that,
because I take it to be the exhibition of the entire
strength of the argument, clearly and forcibly
stated, of that side of the Senate belonging to
what is called the Republican anti-Nebraska
party, against the act.
The provision upon which the commentary is
made is this:
" That the Constitution, and all the laws of the United
States which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the
same force and effect within the said Territory of Kansas
as elsewhere within the United States, except the eighth
section of the act preparatory to the admission of Missouri
into the (Jnion, approved March 6, 1820, which, being in-
consistent with the principle of non-intervention by Con-
gress with slavery in the States and Territories, as recog-
nized by the legislation of 1850, commonly called the coin-
promise measures, is hereby declared inoperative and void;
it being the true intent and meaning of this act not to legis-
late slavery into any Territory or State, nor to exclude it
therefrom, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free to
form and regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, subject only to the Constitution of the United States:
Provided, That nothing herein-contained shall be con-
strued to revive or put in force any law or regulation which
may have existed prior to the act of 6th of March, 1820,
either protecting, establishing, prohibiting, or abolishing
slavery."
The first remark I have to make on this clause
is, that it does not legislate slavery into the Ter-
ritory of Kansas; it does not assume the power
to establish it. On the contrary,the proviso was
adopted on the motion of a southern Senator for
the express purpose of excluding any conclusion
to that effect. It was moved, I understand, (for
I was absent at the time,) at the suggestion of an
honorable Senator from Michigan. In the next
place, it states truly that the Missouri prohibition
is inconsistent with the principle of the legisla-
. tion of 1850. The so-called Missouri compro-
mise was based on a geographical line—with the
prohibition on one side ana non-intervention on
j the other. The compromise of 1850 obliterated
I that line, and established non-intervention every-
where as the principle of legislation for the Ter-
! ritories. The legislation of the two periods are
j inconsistent in principle. I admit that, as legis-
| lative acts, they might stand together; but when
we sf>eak of legislative compromises, which de-
pend entirely for their bindingforce on the moral
obligation of the parties to observe, we refer to
the principle established, rather than the district
to whichitisapplied,inaparticularcase. Aprin-
ple of legislation adopted as a compromise of a
sectional controversy, always dangerous to the
harmony and stability of the Union, fails of its
purpose if it is not applied to all cases where
such controversy may arise. The compromise
of 1850 adopts a principle of legislation for the
government of Territories, applicable, and to be
applied, to all such legislation for any Territory,
or it is a mere temporary expedient of legislation,
not a compromise of a controversy.
The next subject of complaint is the provision
in respect to the rightof suffrage. It is said that
persons are entitled to vote on a very short resi- ;
dence. In Kansas and Nebraska it could not be
otherwise; a provision that would require any
length of residence as a qualification, in territory
not previously settled, would be misapplied. It ;
should always be borne in mind, when we refer
to examples of territorial legislation, that down
to the year 1820, all Territories were organized i
by establishing for them what is called the first j j
grade of government—vesting the powers of legis- j
lation in a governor and judges. In the Terri-
tory of Orleans, now State of Louisiana, there j
was added a council; not elective, however. Un,
der this organization, the Territory was settled-
and the people prepared for the second grade of j i
government, with an elective Legislature, and it !!
was then very proper to require some length of
residence as a qualification of voters.
The next objection is to the provision allowing
aliens, who have merely made a declaration of
an intention to become citizens, to vote. This
provision was, I believe, inserted as an amend-
ment. I was not present at the time, and do not
know the reason of its adoption. It is by no
means remarkable, however, that such a provis-
ion should be found in the legislation of Con-
gress for the Territories, since it is found in that
of several of the States. It seems to me more
remarkable that the honorable author of the mi-
nority report did not perceive that it might prove
a cause of disturbance in Kansas as it has else-
where.
The minority report complains that "the sub-
ject of slavery, which Congress has been unable
to settle in such a way as the slave States will
sustain, is now to be turned over to those who
have or shall become inhabitants of Kansas," to
arrange " regardless of their character, political
or religious views, or place of nativity." This
objection implies that Congress ought to have
made some test of character, or of political or re-
ligious views, or place of nativity, as a qualifica-
tion for suffrage or office; but I apprehend that
such legislation for the Territories would scarcely
be tolerated, although it might settle questions as
exciting as any connected with slavery, and
which nave already produced disturbances more
serious than any that have occurred in Kansas.
1 need not recount the scenes of disorder, riot,
and even bloodshed, at St. Louis in 1854, and
more recently at Cincinnati, Louisville, and New I
Orleans, far transcending in violence, and more
fatal in their results, than any in Kansas.
The minority report proceeds:
" Thus was the proclamation to the world to become In-
habitants of Kansas, and enlist in this great enterprise, by
the force of numbers, by vote, to decide for it the great
question. Was it to be expected that this great proelama-
toin for the political tournament would be listened.to with
indifference and apathy ? Was it prepared and presented
in that spirit? Did it relate to a subject on which the people
were cool or indifferent ? A large part of the people of this
country look on domestic slavery as 'only evil, and that
continually,' alike to master and to slave, and to the com-
munity ; to be left alone to the management or enjoyment
of the people of the States where it exists, but not to be ex-
tended, more especially as it gives, or may give, political
supremacy to a minority of the people of this country in the
United States Government."
The conclusion of th'e honorable author of the
report is, that it was the right and duty of all
parties interested in that question to make an
effort to overcome each other on the theater of
this political tournament, and proceeds to justify
the organization of the aid societies, by saying that
associated effort was as commendable for this
purpose as any other could be; and that "it was
their right and duty to put forth all reasonable
exertions, by lawful means, to advance the great
object,"—political supremacy. It was to accom-
plish what 1 have shown the Hartford Convention
proposed to accomplish by an amendment to the
Constitution—to overpower the southern States
by depriving them of that portion of representa-
tion which is founded on slave population. Do
we not see, sir, that from the beginning the policy
was first to prohibit slavery in the Territories,
and make them free States, as they necessarily
must be under such legislation, until a sufficient
number should be brought into the Union to re-
peal that clause of the Constitution which gave
to the southern States a portion of their political
power?
This reminds me of a part of the history of
the past, which I omitted yesterday. In 1818, on
the 12th of March, John Quincy Adams, then
Secretary of State, vindicated our title to Texas
by an unanswerable argument, in a letter to the
Spanish Minister. At that time the effort had
been made to abolish slavery in all the Territo-
ries, with a view to the great object of political
supremacy. If the attempt had been successful,
Texas, then being a part of our territory, might
have been formed into half a dozen free States;
all the territory west of the Mississippi, except
Missouri, would also have been organized into
free States, and the time would not have been far
distant when that much desired object, political
supremacy, might have been accomplished, as
originally proposed at Hartford, by an amend-
ment to the Constitution. But, sir, the first at-
tempt had failed, and the result of the controversy
then pending in Congress was doubtful; when
there occurred what then seemed to me a myste-
rious change of policy. In the very next year
the whole of Texas was ceded to Spain, and
$5,000,000 paid in exchange for Florida. This is
one of the reasons why I said yesterday that,
during the " era of good feeling," more mischief
was perpetrated than in any other equal period
of our history.
Well, sir, Texas was ceded; the whole contro-
versy was then confined to our territory in the
north of it; and, in my opinion, but for that, there
would not have been a sufficient number of north-
ern votes obtained to carry the legislation of 1820,
even with the prohibition of slavery north of the
line then established, leaving open to southern
States only what is now Arkansas and the coun-
try immediately west, and that upon the princi-
ple of non-intervention, which left it equally open
to the northern States.
Now, Mr. President, I propose to notice some
of the circumstances attending the passage of the
act in question. The first Nebraska bill (differ-
ing from that afterwards passed) was reported to
the Senate on the 4th January.
On the 16th of the same month, Mr. Dixon, of
Kentucky, moved an amendment proposing to
repeal the Missouri prohibition. There was no
such provision, or anything equivalent to it, in
the bill. On the next day, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] offered his amendment
substantially to reenact the prohibition. I was at
that time confined to my room, but I remember
very well seeing a document, not exactly the
