1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
am
ture; but it would be considered a streak of light-
ning compared to this body, at the rate it is now
moving on. I am exceedingly desirous—as we
have already consumed six months of the ses-
sion—that the House should act on the important
business before it. I got up to move the previous
question, not to make a speech. And now I do
move the previous question.
Mr. FLAGLER. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the call for the previous question.
Mr. WHEELER. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. FLAGLER. I wish to say a word in the
nature of a personal explanation.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. If the gentleman intends
to make a remark, and will renew the call for the
previous question, I will withdraw it.
Mr. FLAGLER. I will.
Mr. WHEELER. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. FLAGLER. I merely desire to place the
action of the committee on this question right.
During my absence this subject was before the
Committee on Printing; and on my return, I un-
derstood that it had agreed to report a resolution
to print one hundred thousand extra copies, and
to that I assented. To that I still assent. The
majority of the Committee on Printing are not to
be regarded as approving of this proposed amend-
ment—although my colleague expressed himself
in favor of it. It is on that account that I desire
to say this—for I agree with the gentleman from
North Carolina, that the amount proposed will not
meet the demand, nor would twice the amount.
There must be a limit; and in view of the large
amount expended in the public printing, I am
against any further increase of the printing of this
document.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question for information. I should like
to know whether the Committee on Planting have
made an estimate as to the probable cost of the
- printing for this year? I understand it was, last
year, more than a million and a half of dollars—
more than it used to cost for the support of the
Army, or of the Navy, in the days of General
Washington. I should like to know the probable
cost of printing for the present year—as well
congressional as executive—if the Committee can
furnish that information ?
Mr. FLAGLER. That would be utterly im-
possible, because it would be a prospective thing.
There is a resolution before the committee, as the
House understands, directing the committee to
inquire into the cost of printing for several past
years; and in due time a report on that subject
will be made. All I desire to say is, that the
Committee on Printing are m favor of the report
as submitted, and against the amendment moved
by the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, took the floor.
Mr. FLAGLER, (resuming.) I renew the call
for the previous question.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman had taken his
seat, and I had the "floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the j
gentleman from New York to have taken his seat, i
If he states that he did not yield the floor, the ]
Chair will not take it from him. '
Mr. FLAGLER. I withdraw the call. ;
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, the expense of |
the book department of this Government last year j
was upwards of one million six hundred thousand ;
dollars—only that sum; and the developments of |
this session indicate very clearly that if we go on j
as proposed, that amount will be greatly exceeded, j
The very bill which we have to-day agreed to on ;
the report of the committee of conference of the h
two Houses, embodies hundreds of thousands of |j
dollars for this purpose. And I appeal to mom- !'
bers, from considerations of economy, if no ques- j
tion of constitutional propriety is to receive any !
estimation with them, not to go beyond the j
amount reported by the Committee on Printing, I;
for these books, Why, sir, the number we have ||
been receiving is four hundred to each member;
and, sir, four hundred to each congressional dis-
trict is scarcely one to every hundred voters; and
it is impossible to circulate them without giving
offense. And if you increase the number to two
hundred thousand, it will contribute to give dis-
satisfaction rather than to disseminate intelligence
throughout the country. What is this report
made up of? Why, sir, I take the Albany Cul-
tivator, which is published for fifty cents a year,
with an agricultural almanac, and I undertake to
say that it conveys far more intelligence upon
agricultural subjects than this Patent Office report.
But what does the Albany Cultivator say in ref-
erence to this report? I quote from memory. The
editor says he has received the Patent Office
report for 1854; that it is an improvement upon
its predecessors; but that is saying very little in
its favor.' He says that it is a work containing
no improvement, embodying nothing new. It
gets up nothing new of any description. It is
compiled, for the most part, from the periodicals—
the agricultural papers, scattered all over the
country like the leaves of autumn; and, my word
for it, it does more mischief than good. I will
answer for it, that no progress will ever be made
from the dissemination of this work; and if any
man undertakes to follow its direction^, it will
lead him to poverty and ruin, u may do for
some persons to experiment on in a small way;
but for the purpose of general enlightenment, it is
wholly useless*
Nor docs it disseminate anything new, which
it may derive from other sources. The inform-
ation will be scattered all over the country, before
it is published. Why, sir, we are now circulat-
ing the Patent Office report for 1854. I have only
partially circulated mine, and have them to some
extent still in my room. Sir, all the information
of any value contained in that report has been
circulated over the country in a hundred different
ways. And, sir, the report of 1855 is not yet
published; the House has not yet decided upon
its publication; it is now 185G, and it ■will be
1857 long before it will be published, and we
shall get the books for distribution. And what
new thing will it then contain ? Nothing—nothing
whatever. It is a mere compilation from period-
icals, and a compilation from correspondents who
are in correspondence with the agricultural papers
in the different parts of the country. Irrespective
of our want of constitutional power to circulate
these documents, it is a most useless waste of
the public money.
If wo are to circulate these reports at all, I
consider the mechanical part the only legitimate
one. The object of that is to publish to the
country the inventions made public through the
medium of tlfe Patent Office, from which mechanics
may derive some valuable suggestions. The dis-
tribution of this mechanical report, therefore,
may do some good; but the other is an excres-
cence. Its circulation is without warrant in the
Constitution, productive of no good whatever,
but only mischief.
And then, as to the element of popularity, I
think it is wholly a mistake. I this morning
had a complaint of one of my constituents, be-
cause he had not received a copy of this report;
and so it is, if you send a copy to one farmer in
a neighborhood, and not to another, the other
considers himself in some degree slighted. He
considers you as having acted from prejudice,
and in a manner by no means flattering to his
self-love. It is impossible to circulate this work
so as to give any satisfaction, or be productive of
any good result. |
Mr. BENSON. I have but a few remarks to :
make upon this subject; and the first is this: The
gentleman who has just taken his seat has pro-
nounced judgment upon this agricultural report,
and condemned it. Well, now, lean only say that
my constituents—and I believe they embody as
large a share of agt icultural intelligence as is to be
found in any district of the Old Dominion—pro-
nounce an entirely different judgment upon the
agricultural part of the Patent Office reports.
Gentlemen say that they have only a few copies
to send abroad, and that, by circulating those, they j
will make enemies rather than friends in coming ;
election contests.
Now, I want to know if this House is gov-
erned by such sordid, selfish motives as that? I
want to know if gentlemen mean to determine
whether they are to make votes for themselves,
and not whether they are going to do good, to do
right, and shape their course here upon such con-
siderations? Do gentlemen come hereto see how
many votes they can secure at the next election?
or do they come here to see how much they can
do for the welfare of the country and for the ben-
efit of those who sent them here at the last elec-
tion?
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] says
© #
that this book is a compilation of the agricultural
publications of the country. Admit it to be so,
sir, and I ask whether an embodiment, made
by a departm&pt 'that is supposed to have some
knowledge u^on the subject, of all the infdrma-
tion that is spread about oyer this country, is not
a valuable book ?
Why, sir, are not those the most valuable kind
of books —encyclopedical in their character,
where the farmer can see where experiments
have been made in different parts of the country
—where they have been failures and where suc-
cessful? It seems to me that the very fact the
gentleman from Virginia states, that this report
is the embodiment of information and scattered all
over the country, is an argument more strongly in
its favor than any that he has adduced against it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
from Maine allow me to say a word right here,
as I understand it is his intention to call the pre-
vious question before he sits dqwn?
Mr. BENSON. ^ It is not my intention to call
the previous question; I shut no man's mouth-,
but I will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. SMITH. I was going to suggest, and,!
beg the gentleman and the House will consider,
if it be policy to circulatc this work over the
country, what will be the value of such circula-
tion? The object is to disseminate intelligence;
and let me add here that I do not know why it -
was necessary for the gentleman to advert to the
relative intelligence of his district and mine. I
certainlymade no reflection upon his district, nor
any comparison whatever in respect to it; but I
take occasion to say that I expect my district
would stand a comparison in respect to agricul-
tural intelligence with that of the gentleman. I
think, if he would go with me into Virginia, he
would see that, in my district at least, we should
comparc favorably in respect to agricultural in-
telligence and agricultural products with any
district in the United States.
One word more and I have done. I desire the
gentleman to show the impropriety of my refer-
ring to what had been referred to before—to wit:
the influence on the constituency„of individual
members. I adverted to it for the purpose of
showing that the dissemination of these books
was designed by many to enhance their popu-
larity. I wished to show that it had an adverse
effect. Thank God, I am not governed by any
selfish considerations. I do what I think is right,
and I trust to the sound sense of my constituents
for approval.
Mr. BENSON. I introduced no invidious
comparison between the constituents I have the
honor to represent and those of the gentleman
from Virginia. I have no doubt he represents
an enlightened constituency; and I am the more
inclined to believe that, from the f&ct that I am
informed a large number of northern men have
recently moved into his district. [Laughter.]
In reference to the other remark which he made,
as to a compendium of agricultural information
spread all over the country, I take his own state-
ment. It was a fact which he averred, that the
book we now propose to publish is a document
compiled from agricultural publications through-
out the country. I take that as a fact; and on it
I ar^ue, that a book in which is collected useful
agricultural information from every section of
the country, by the care and attention of a judi-
cious department, must by necessity be a valu-
able manual for the farmers of the country.
It goes further than that. It is not only a com-
pilation from the different agricultural publica-
tions, but it sets forth the results of experiments
made by agriculturists in every section of the
Union.
Gentlemen have talked of the book-publishing
system ~as having grown into a great evil. I
am not disposed to oppose them. I admit that
the objection is well founded; but I ask members
whether we ought to begin the curtailment of
expenditures for printing with a book for a class
of men who have more than five times the amount
of capital invested, than is employed in manu-
factures and commerce combined.
Mr. FLAGLER. There is no curtailment
asked for.
Mr. BENSON. I am not replying to my friend
from New York, but to the gentlemen from North
Carolina and Virginia. They; say that the pub-
lication of books by Congress has beeome a great
