1200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May IB.
evil. I am not here to defend that system; but
while we are going on to order the printing and
publishing of voyages, discoveries, explorations,
and surveys—while we vote money for books of
that .character, I insist that thuf%ppropriation
shall not be withheld.
Mr. Speaker, I (^id not intend to say but a
word when I rose. My friend from Virginia had
urged what I thought were untenable arguments.
It does seem to me, I will say, however, that, if
we design to reduce the expenditures for print-
ing, we ought to begin the reduction at some
other point. The agriculturists demand this
book. Eut gentlemen say they cannot have one
for eVery one of their constituents. So be it.
The farmers of the country do not expect that a
library shall be furnished to each one of them.
They have what they call social libraries; a
library will accommodate very many persons, if
it be in Some convenient place. If gentlemen
take care that some of these books go into every
town, as we have them in the North, county in
the South, ami township in the West, though
one is not sent to every man, yet they can be
where they are accessible to all who desire to
refer to them.
Mr. MAXWELL. I call for the previous
question.
The call for the previous question received a
second; and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
Mr. GALLOWAY called for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Hollo way's
amendment; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 80, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bell,
Henrv Bennett,Benson, Bowie, Ihenton, Broom, Bathnton,
Builmgame, Burnett, Jaijies II. Campbell, John P. Camp-
bell, Lewis. D. Campbell, Chaffee, IC/,ra Clark, Colfax,
Cragm, Culleu, Cumback, Timothy Davis, Durt'ee, Evans,
Floienoe, Henry M. Puller, Galloway, Gilbeit, Grow, J.
Morrison HatiK, llairison, Hickman, llolloway, Thomas
It. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, IJughstou, J. UlanoyJones,
Kelly, Knapp, Knight, Knovvlton, Knox, Lindley, Alex-
ander K.Mai*hall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mattcson, MeMul-
lm, Meachaiti, Killian Miller, Panic, Parker, Peek, IVIton,
Perry, Pcttit, Pufviancc, Piuyear, Rieaud, Robison, Sabm,
S«mth(lg(*,t>apf>, Seoti.Talbutt, Tapp.iii,Tlioriiigton,Thurs-
ton, Todd, Tiafton, Twin, Valk, YVakeman, VV.ilbridge,
iMael Washburn, VVeWi, Wells, Williams, Woodruff,
and Woodwortli—«0.
NAVS — Messrs. Aikon, Barkedale, Bilhnghur-t, Blms,
Bocock, Btaneh. Brooks, Cadwtilader, Carhle, Clinmnan,
Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Henry Winter
Davis, Denver, Dovvdell, Eustis, Faulkner, Flagler, Thomas
J. I). Puller, Greenwood, Harlan, Haven, Herbert, George
W. .Jones, Kennett, Letehei,I.,umpkm, Mace, Humphrey
Marshall, Maxwell, rtmuh Miller, Million, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Murray, Andrew Oliver, Pennington, Phelps, Pike,
Pnngle, Heady, Uufhn, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam .Smith, £need, Stanton, Stephens, Stranahan, Trippe,
Wainer, Watkms, Wheeler, and John V. Wright—04.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending the above call,
Mr. WALDRON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Cox.
The question rccurred on the resolution as
amended.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yens and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WHEELER demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The resolution as amended was adopted.
Mr. HOLLOWAY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Oluo. The morning hour
has expired; and I now move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Some weeks ago, the gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Evans] yielded the floor to me with the
expectation that he would have an early opportu-
nity to deliver remarks on a question which is
interesting to him. I am now anxious that we
shall go into committee to redeem the pledge
I made to that gentleman. I hope my motion
will be agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the House
will go on with the call on committees.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, took the floor.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SMITH. I have only a word. Gentle-
men have reports and papers of importance which
they desire to report to the House. I hope they
will be allowed to report them.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Walker
and Benson were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 87, noes 34.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Grow in the chair.)
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The first business in
order is the consideration of a bill (H. R. No. 153)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending the 30th of June, 1857.
Mr. EVANS obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMEKBELL. I move to dispense with
the first reading of the bill.
The motion wasjigreed to.
Mr. EVANS moved pro forma to strike out the
first clause of the bill; Mr. E. thfn addressed the
committee at some length upon the general poli-
tics of the country. His speech is withheld for
revision, and will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. BLISS obtained the floor, but yielded it to
Mr. STANTON, who moved that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to. So the committee
rose; and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. Grow reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1857, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of the House to a biil (S. No. 14) entitled
" An act to remove obstructions to the navigation
in the mouths of the Mississippi river, at the
Southwest Pass, and Pass aPOutre."
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled hills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act to remove obstructions to navigation in
the mouths of the Mississippi river, at the South-
west Pass, and Pass a 1'Outre; and
An act making an appropriation for deepening
the channel over the flats of the St. Mary's river,
in the State of Michigan.
And then, on motion of Mr. MILLER, of
Indiana, (at three o'clock and thirty minutes,)
the House adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 13, 185G.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal ofyesterday was read andapproved.
i PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Rufus
Porter, praying that the Government will pur-
chase his inventions of a sonorific beacon and a
marine pump; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STUART presented the petition of Ruth
Phillips, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of citizens of
Suffolk county, New York, praying for the adop-
tion of measures for the construction of a railroad
to the Pacific ocean; which was laid upon the
table.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of Wil-
liam Reynolds, late naval storekeeper and acting
purser at Valparaiso, praying to be released from
responsibility for certain naval stores stolen while
in his charge; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the memorial of Mrs. E. E. Ogdcn,
widow of Captain E. A. Ogden, late of the United
States Army, praying to be allowed commissions
upon certain disbursements of public money by
her late husband; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented a Tetter, addressed to
him by the New York city harbor commission-
ers, on the subject of improving the navigation
of the en trances*to that harbor; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of F.E. Hassler,
praying for the establishment of a marine hospitoi
at Cape Vincent, New York; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the memorial of
CharlesMcCormick, asurgeonin the Army,pray-
ing for compensation for services as a disbursing
agent of the Government under the act of the 2d
of March, 1847; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of
Charles D. Maxwell, praying to be allowed the
difference between the pay of an assistant surgeon
and that of a surgeon in the Navy, during the
time he performed the duties of the latter office;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Alexander Wilson, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pen
sions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
Mrs. Jane McCrabb, reported a bill (S. No. 303}
for the relief of Mrs. Jane McCrabb, widow of
the late Captain John W. McCrabb, Assistant
Quartermaster United States Army; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
petition of Moore & Hascall, praying for an ex-
tension of their patent for a harvesting machine,
reported a hill (S. No. 304) for the relief of
Hiram Moore and John Hascall, and their legal
representatives; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the memorial of Obed Hussey, praying
for a renewal of his patent for a reaping machine,
reported a bill (S. No. 305) for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Richard W. Meade, submitted a report,
accompanied bv a bill (S. No. 306) for his relief;
which was read, and passed to a second reading
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, moved that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
Sarah B. Webber, and that it be referred to the
Court of Claims; which was agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. FISH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the removal of ob-
structions at Hell Gate, East river, New York.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 302) for
the relief of the widow of Adjutant General Roger
Jones; which was read the first and second times,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. W-ELLER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affahs be in
strutted to inquire into the propriety of increasing the. com-
pensation of imhtia and volunteers serving on loot m Indian
hostilities when called into seivice by the United States.
On motion of Mr. FISH, it was
Resolved, That the Secretaiyof War be directed to report
to the Senate an estimate for the removal of rocks m Hell
Gate, (Ea< t river, m the State of New York,) so as to ad
mit the parage of ve-^eU of war, unci of the largest cla^ of
merchant vessels ; and for such other aids to navigation as
to render tins passage safe.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I ask leave to
make a report from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
deficiency bill. They have directed me to make
the following report:
The committee of conference on the disasreemg votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 68) to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1856, having met, aiter lull
and fiee conference have agreed to recommend,  .nd do
recomnend, to their respective Houses as follows: Thut
