.4!M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
schools, as may be comparatively valueless or
unfit for cultivation, and to select other lands in
lieu thereof. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A bill to extend the time of payment of duties
on railroad iron, and for other purposes.
Mr. COBB. I move the reference of that bill
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Eoads.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to object to that
reference.
Mr. COBB. If there be any objection to it,
■will the gentleman suggest any other committcc?
Mr. LETCHER. That is exactly what I am
going to do. It is a question relating to revenue,
and it strikes me the bill ought to go to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. COBB. Very well, let it go there.
The bill was then referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. COBB also introduced a bill granting to
the State of Alabama public lands, in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of the Coosa
and Tennessee River railroad, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first und second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. DOWDELL introduced a bill, of which
previous notice had been given; whieli was read
a first and second time by its title, as follows, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, viz: A bill to establish a mail route
in Alabama.
Mr. SHORTER introduced a bill to provide
for the examination and payment of certain
claims to citizens of Georgia and Alabama, for
Creek Indian depredations; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, introduced a
bill to establish certain post roads in the State of
Mississippi; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SANDlDOrE introduced a bill for the
relief of the Vicksburg, Sluvvoport, mid Texas
Railroad Company; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Also, a bill making a grant of lands to the State
of Louisiana to aid 111 the construction of a rail-
road in said State; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Also, a bill for t!ie relief of Peyton G. King, a
receiver of public moneys atMouroe, 111 the State
of Louisiana; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
M r. SAPP introduced a bill granting a pension
to William Davis, of Coshocton county, Ohio,
for injuries received whilst performing military
duty 111 the war of wlucli was read a first
and second time by Us title.
Mr. SAPP. 1 move that the hill be referred to
the Committee 011 MihtaiyAllans.
Mr. COBB. The bill 1 understand makes a
grant of land; I suppose it should go to the Com-
mittee 011 Public Lands.
Mr. SAPP. I think the reference I have pro-
posed is the right one. It is to provide for mili-
tary services.
Mr. C013B. I think the bill might as well go
to the Committee 011 Public Lands; that is as
liberal a committee as there is in the House, and
it will be as likely to be well attended to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think the refer-
ence proposed by the gentleman from Ohio is the
proper one. The grant asked for is predicated
upon military services.
Mr. COBB. So is every grant of* bounty land
made to soldiers under any of the bounty land
laws. I move that the bill bo referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The question was taken on Mr. Sapp's motion,
and the bill was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. SAPP also introduced bills, which were
severally road a first and second time by their
respective titles, as follows, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions:
A bill for the relief of Abram S. Emmett, of
Knox county, Ohio, for gallant service in the war
of 1812;and
A bill granting one hundred and sixty acres of
land to Richard Smith, of Coshocton county, Ohio,
for military services in the war with the Ricka-
ree Indians.
Mr. BLISS introduced a bill to continue the
repairs in the harbor at the mouth of the Black
river, upon Lake Erie, Ohio; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WATKINS introduced a bill to amend
the act of March 3, 1855, granting additional
bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time by its titie, and referred to the Committee
011 Public Lands.
Mr. MACE introduced a bill to grant a home-
stead of one hundred and sixty acrcs of land to
actual settlers thereon; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Agriculture.
SLAVERY IN" THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. MACE also introduced a bill, which was
read a first and second time by its title, as fol-
lows:
A bill to prevent the extension of slavery in
the Territories of the United States of America
north of 360 HO' north latitude.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to the
introduction of that bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. Has previous notice been
given of the introduction of the bill? If it has
not the gentleman has no right to introduce it.
Mr. MACE. If the gentleman will examine
the J.ournal he will find out.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
previous notice has been given.
Mr. MACE. 1 move to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Territories; and demand the
previous question.
Mr. SMITH. That question will of course
give rise to debate in every shape and form. I
suppose, therefore, the bill does not properly
come within the order of the House, under which
we are acting.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion is m order.
Mr. SMITH. Well, sir, 1 ask for information.
I understand that our proceedings here, under the
order of the House, arc upon subjects that give
rise to no debate, and nothing else is in order.
That is 111 conformity with the rule that the
House agreed upon when wo determined to go
into (his business. I rose under that impression,
and, of course, I am to be corrected if I am in
ciror, for the purpose of stating that this subject
will give rise to debate, and therefore cannot be
entertained.
The, SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The gentleman from Indiana intro-
duced the bill, and moved its reference to the
Committee on the Territories, and moved the pre-
vious question. The Chair thinks it is within
the iule adopted by the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. If the bill is to be enter-
tained at all, it should be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SMITH, Will the Chair be good enough
to stale to the House what is the rule or agree-
ment under which wc are proceeding?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state it. The
order adopted was to allow the introduction and
reference of such biils as should give rise to no
debate. The rule is similar to one of the stand-
ing rules of the House, permitting the intioduc-
tion of bills and resolutions. Under that rule
the practice has uniformly been, to allow a
member to move the previous question upon his
bill or resolution, thus cutting off debate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to finish
my remark's. 1 understand from the Chair, and
I do notdesire anything that is not entirely correct
and proper, that the agreement under which we
are now proceeding was, that only motions for
reference be entertained of bills which shall give
rise to no debate; of course that is an order of the
House. There is nothing in the rules of the House
to prevent the previous question being called on
the most controversial bills. As the Speaker has
decided, that it is in order, in opposition to the
agreement, that no bill of a controversial charac-
ter should be introduced or entertained, I must,
most respectfully, take-an appeal from that de-
cision.
Mr. BRANCH. And on that appeal I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the Chair will bestow on
the subject a moment's examination, he will find,
I think, some discrepancy between the rule of the
House in reference to resolutions and the order
which was mode this morning. The Chair must
be aware of all the circumstances which surround
this case. The object of the House was, that all
of the ordinary business now in the hands of
members, and waiting presentation, should be
received and referred to appropriate committees.
That, I am sure, was the purpose sought to be
accomplished by the order; and if the rule is as
suggested, why, then, the necessity for the making
of such an order that bills which give rise to de-
bate shall not be received? Under the decision of
the Chair, if made the judgment of the House,
no bill can be excluded. Although the order was
intended to accomplish some object, to secure
expedition in the progress of the general business
of the body, and allow members to bring in
business not of a litigated or controversial char-
acter, yet, by the construction proposed to be
given to it by the Chair, that object, that purpose,
will be entirely defeated. I think that the order
is very different from the rule in reference to
resolutions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The rule is not
that gentlemen may give notice of their intention
to introduce a bill; it is, that they may give notice
of an intention to ask leave for the introduction
of any proposition. And when the member docs
ask that leave, it is competent for the House to
giant or refuse it; and when the House, by its
order of this liioining, agreed that theie should
be a call on States for the introduction of biils, it
did not waive the right of any member to object
to the introduction of any bill for which leave,
in compliance with previous notice, was asked.
The gentleman from Indiana gave notice, I pre-
sume, that he would introduce a bill; and to-day,
when Indiana is called under the order, he rises
in his place, and asks leave for the introduction.
It is read the first time by its title, for information.
The gentleman from Virginia then rose, and ob-
jected to the introduction. No motion to refer,
at that stage of the bill, could be m order. The
one hundred and sixteenth rule proscribes, that
the title of a bill shall be read the first time for
information; and that, if opposition be made to
it, the question shall be: " Shall this bill be re-
jected?" If there be no opposition, or the question
to reject is negatived, the bill then goes to its
second reading; but I hold that the objection of
any one member, as this is not a day on which
we can suspend the rules, would prevent the intro-
duction of any bill.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
follows what is understood to have been the usage
of the House on this question. The order of the
House applies the same principles to bills intro-
duced by general consent under the order, as are
applied by the rule concerning the introduction
ofresolutions;and underthatthe Chair is informed
that the uniform usage has been to allow a mem-
ber who introduces a resolution under the rule,
to call for the previous question.
Mr. JONF.S. Read the 116th rule.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the 26th
rule first; then the 116th rule.
The Clerk read the 96th rule, as follows:
" SMth All the States and Territories shall bo eallcd for
resohmons on each alternate Monday duung each session
of Congiuss; and, if necessary to secure this object on said
day*, ah resolutions which nhnll give rise to debate sintll
lie over for discussion, under the rules of the House aheady
e-tnbh-hod ; and the whole of said days shall be appiopn-
ated to resolutions, until all the States and Territones are
called through."
Mr. JONES. That applies to resolutions. Lot
the Clerk read the 116th rule.
The Clerk read the 116th rule, as follows:
" 116th. The first teadinq of n bill shall be for infonn-
ation ; and, if opposition be made to it. the question shall
be: ' Shall this bill be rejected?' If no opposition be made,
or if the question to reject be negatived, the bill shall go to
its second reading without a question "
The SPEAKER. The bill has had its second
reading, and without objection.
Mr. JONES. I do not understand that the
j bill has been read a second time.
s The SPEAKER. The Clerk mfonns the Chair
