1856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.'
465
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Gcyer.
Senate.
enitation of Kansas? There are free Slates, and
several Territories in which slavery is prohibited,
to which emigrants who desire to live in a tree
State might fo unarmed. Mr. Thayer, in the
circular of February last, says that " the repeal
of die Missouri compromise made Kansas the best
field f.vr ihe operations of the company;" doubt-
less because ii was the only debatable ground.
South of 3(P 30' is the cotton region, where
•laTe labor may be profitably employed, and the
tendency of emigration from the southern States
ia in that direction. Hence it is, that the States
south of that parallel have been settled most gen-
erally by slaveholders. There, soil and cliruate
settle the question. There is an inducement for
them to go, and they go as readily as the emi-
grants from any other portion of the Union; but
in the latitude above that and below 4 1° is the
debatable ground. That is the latitude of middle
States—Virginia, Maryland, and Kentucky. The
•migration from these States is small. Its tend-
ency generally is southward; but few who emi-
grate with slaves go directly west. The induce-
ments in point of soil are only those portions
which will produce hemp and tobacco. It was,
therefore, possible that slaves might have Ixeii
introduced into Kansas for thatpurpo«e; but slave
population was excluded from Nebraska by the ,
climate, and therefore, Nebraska, the twin sister
of Kansas, had no attractions for these emigrants
from New England; not a man of them wants to
go there, because it serves no purpose in ex-
cluding the southern people, who could not be
induced to go there; but Kansas is the only spot
left to them in which there is any climate and soil
adapted to any culture in which slave labor can
be profitably employed, and for that reason, it
was the only field "for the operations" of the
emigrant aid society.
Is it not manifest, then, that these societies are
political organisations, under the control of a
sectional party, to etFect, by associated capital,
what they failed to accomplish by the legislation
of Congress? Is it not a substitute for the law ?
Is it not intended to do the very thing which was
attempted by die Missouri prohibition—toexclude
the southern people from the Territory? It was
not the necessary consequence of the Kansas act;
but the organization and operations of the asso-
ciation are defended on the ground that the act
tempted these people to do things which are
wrong in themselves; but being tempted, and j
yielding to the temptation, they become entirely
justifiable and commendable! I said yesterday,
and now repeat, that 1 will not place the defense
of my constituents on any such ground.
Had the emigrant aid society forborne, Kansas
would be more apt to be a free State than now.
As I have said, tne emigration from the States in ;
the same latitude has a general tendency to the '
South; but the slaveholder emigrant moves 1
slowly, and necessarily so. He has something
to take care of, and to take with him; and there-
fore, in any competition, according to the ordi-
aary laws of emigration, he would be outdone.
Those who need to be shipped off from the State
to which they belong, by an organized, incorpor- j
ated association, have little or nothing to carry ,
•with them, and can go easily- They therefore, j
in that latitude, would in all likelihood have found
themselves largely ia the majority, when they
came to organize the government. A man who
has slaves in the middle States, we all kaow, re-
gards them as a part of his own family; attends
to their comforts and moves with them, and takes
care of them. This requires time. He has prop-
erty which he must dispose of; and before any
namber of such emigrants could accomplish that,
thousands of those who have little, or nothing at
all, might have settled the Territory of Kansas,'
and made a free State, without extraordinary
effort. I believed so at the time of the passage
of the Nebraska act, and so I said to the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Everett,] because I
thought the temptation was not strong enough,
as the matter stood, to stimulate the people of the
southern States into any extraordinary effort.
When the first aid society was formed here in
Washington—where all these political agitations
originate—I often had occasion to converse with
some honorable members of the other House who j j
voted against the Kansas-Nebraska act, upon the 11
New Series—No. 30
subject of that organization. 1 told them then
thai it would destroy their hone of making Kansas
a free State, if anything could, for the language
employed by the press in announcing the exist-
ence and objects of the organization was calcu-
lated to excite the people on the frontier. It was
boasted that they intended to accomplish by that
organization what they had before tried to ao by
law, that they would accomplish it, and that
before any number of the slaveholders could get
there they would have possession of the Territory.
What was likely to be the effect of such declara-
tions on the inhabitants of that frontier? They
had been held in check by a barbarian wall erected
by this Government, arresting the progress of set-
tlement and civilization westward. The emigra-
tion, as all of us who have had any experience in
the West know, crowds to the western boundary
—to the furthest verge of the territory open to
settlement the pioneer class of population will go.
During the year before, when the Nebraska bill
was pending in Congress, letters from almost
every quarter were addressed to me, as a citizen
of Missouri supposed to know something about
Kansas, making inquiries about the country;
and when they were informed that in all like-
lihood it would be opened to settlement, they ,
rushed in that direction. The consequence was j
that, before the Territory was organized, the whole !
frontier was thronged "with persons anxious to j
settle in Kansas. They were not able to go into 1
the Territory because the Indian intercourse laws ,
prevented it. They planted themselves on the j
frontier; some of them rented a small piece ofland |
for temporary occupation; and at the time of the
announcement of the passage of the Kansas-Ne-
braska act, the line between Missouri and Kansas,
I am informed, could be traced for miles by the
fences. But these were not all slaveholders—
they were people from Indiana, from Illinois,
some from Connecticut, and almost every State
in the Union, thronging that frontier waiting the
opening of Kansas to settlement. When it was
announced that a new appliance had been resorted
to for the purpose of getting possession of the
Territory, even those people who were them-
selves, many of them, in principle opposed to
slavery, became indignant, and afterwards cooper-
ated with pro-slavery men.
These movements in the North excited appre-
hensions in the minds of the people of western
Missouri for the security of their property, and
certainly there was reason for it. 1 am not now
upon the question, what did the society intend,
but how were their resources, operations, and
purposes represented by the press in their inter-
est, and understood in Missouri ? There were
some in western Missouri who remembered how
little their rights were respected by the North itr
the memorable straggle of 1820. (Some of them
—the descendants of Daniel Boone—are now re-
siding in Missouri, within six hundred yards of
the Kansas boundary.) They believed that the
movement was directed immediately against
them, and I have no doubt they were greatly ex-
asperated. No question that some of them were
betrayed into violence of language, and, perhaps,
irregularity of conduct.
The apprehensions to which I have referred
were not at all allayed by the action of the Gov-
ernor appointed for that Territory. He chose to
remain at home until October, though he received
his appointment on the 39th of June. In the mean
time emigrants passed over, and some of them'
in no pleasant mood, in consequence of threats
uttered against them. I have stated what the con-
dition of that frontier was. As soon as it was
known that Kansas was open, they rushed Over.;
I think that was some time in the latter part of
July or August. They went in different direc-
tions; and made their "locations," as they call
them; bot they left crops on the Missouri side of
the line, or in the States frorti which they had
come, as stated by the honorable Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Docgla«] the other day. Having
made their locations, they worked as long as they
could during that fall. They were at the election
in November;and instead of its turning out to be,
as the minority report represents, that a majority
j of the settlers in the Territory were, at that time,
! free-State men, theris were but three hundred and j
twenty-seven of them out of upwards of two I
thousand voters, making an allowance for what
they allege to have been Missouri votes. The
number of votes east were two thousand eight
hundred and twenty-three,of which there were—
for John W. Whitfield, two thousand two hun-
dred and fifty-eight, for. J. A. Whitfield, two
hundred and forty-eight, (which were probably
intended for John W.,) and for all others, three
hundred and twenty-seven. A vote of two thou-
sand two hundred and fifty-eight against three
hundred and twenty-seven may be regarded as
decisive of the question of which party had the
majority there.
Most of the emigrants were without houses or
shelter forthemselves or families in Kansas; some
went over to Missouri, and others to their old
homes in Illinois and Iowa, and other western
States, to spend the winter. They were not nil
Missourians, or pro-slavery men, but settlers in
Kansas intending to return with their families in
the spring. During their absence, Governor
Reeder found it convenient in January to order a
census to be taken in February, when he must
have known that a large number, if not a ma-
jority, of the voters could not be present.
You reside in the West, Mr. President; you
have a knowledge of the prairie country, and can
estimate the difficulty of taking a census in the
prairies in the month of January or February,
and you know how little those at a distance are
likely to hear of it; but it was taken in the ab-
sence of a large number of those who ought to
have been enumerated, and the returns have
figured largely in this debate.
The time appointed for the election of members
of the Legislature was the 30th of March. The
proclamation of the.Governor giving notice of the
election was issued on the 8th of that month.
The first intelligence of the time appointed was
received at St. Louis from New York or Boston,
and was transmitted thence to western Missouri.
I have no charges to make, but there are some
circumstances connected with the arrangements
for the election that are not to be overlooked.
Ordinarily, the navigation of the Missouri opens
before the middle of March; of the Ohio, earlier.
Emigrants generally prefer to travel by water—
indeed, at that season they could not well do so
by land. Now, the fall election exhibited a large
majority of acknowledged legal voters against the
free-State colonists. It was necessary, therefore,
to reinforce them, and the measures of tlie Gov-
ernor seem to have been adapted to that end. The
census was taken, and the election ordered, while
most of the pro-slavery voters were absent; and
it so happens that the emigrant aid society had
notice of the election, and a very large number
of their colonists were far on their way towards
Kansas before it was known in western Missouri
that the day of election had been appointed; but
it did become known probably sooner than in-
tended to the settlers who had wintered in Illinois,
Indiana, and Missouri. They immediately ex-
erted themselves to get to Kansas in time for the
election. The consequence was, that the boats
ascending the Missouri were crowded With emi-
grants, not from Missouri, but moat of them from
States far east. I send to the Secretary, and ask
him to read from the report of the speech of Mr.
Oliver,-of the House of Representatives, who
was a passenger on one of the boats, the state-
ment which I have marked.
The Secretary read as follows:
" And here, sir, let me Mate a feet which fell within my
own observation.' I left St. Louis on the 10th or IIth of
March in that year, and the boat upon which I went up the
Missouri river was literally crowded with passengers, nearly
all of whom I found to be persons from the free States, arid
traveling under the patronage and auspices of the emigrant
aid society. Many of their tiunksweie labeled, as I noticed,
I with cards having upon them the name of Tliayer. the
agent of the society at St. Louis. I conversed with many
of those persons on the way up the nver. I asked them
where they were going, and the general reply was, to Kan-
sas. X spoke of its being quite early for emigration, because
it was the month of March, and very inclement; there fell
a snow seven or eight inches in depth before I reached jay
' home. I asked them why they had started out so earlv in
, the spring, while the weather was so unpleasant? The
answer g<;nerally was, that they desired to reach Kansas at
the earliest possible moment, and particularly to be there
i on the 39th day of March, for the purpose, as they said, of
voting for members of the Territorial Legislature. Nearly
all of the boats that went np tlie Missouri river early that
spring were crowded with passengers from the free States,
traveling under the auspices of this emigrant aid seciety.
" Well, sir, the election took place on the 30th of March,
