THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiirty-Fourtii Congress, 1st Session*
THURSDAY, MAY 15, 1856.
New Series. .. .No. 76.
the Senate do concur in the amendments of the House of ; |
Representatives to its 15th, 16th,23d, and 35th amendments; ! 1
that the Senate do recede from its 20th, 26th, 27th, 31st, !l
32J, 38th, 39th, 43d, 46ill, 49th, 50th, 52d, 53d, and 54th |
amendments; and that the Hou«e of Representatives do;
concur in the 19th, 22d, 30th, 33d, 34th, 42d, and 44th I
amendments of the Senate. \
It is perhaps right forme to say, in general;
terms, that the Senate recede from almost every-1
thing: except the appropriations for the Army, i
We retain the amendment for engraving the !
maps of the Pacific railroad survey on copper '
plates. We retain the amendment for deficiencies ;
m the judiciary, the provision appropriating j
#180 ,000 for incidental expenses of the quar-1
termaster's department, and the provision of j
$1,000,000 for the quartermaster's department.!
We lose the amendment appropriating $60,000 for ,
mileage of officers; and $100,000 for deficiencies in j
quaiters and barracks. We also lose the amend- ;
ment in regard to the water-works, and various ,
little amendments relating to the District of Co-:
lumbia. We save two of the amendments in '
regard to the District, which look to the preser- 1
vation of health, such as sewers. This has been i
the result of the action of the committee. i
The report of the committee of conference was j
agreed to. j
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE. I
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, i
announcing that the House had passed the bill;
(S. No 2) making an appropriation for deepening
the channel over the Falls of the St. Mary's river, 1
in the State of Michigan, without amendment. ;
Also, the bill (S. No. 14) to remove obstructions 1
to navigation in the mouths of the Mississippi ;
river at the Southwest Pass, and Pass a l'Outre,
with sundry amendments. • j
Also, that the House had agreed to the report!
of the committee of conference on the deficiency ;
bill.
LANDS FOR RAILROADS IN IOWA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion of Mr. Crittenden to reconsider the vote
by which the bill (H. R. No. 56) making a grant |
of land to the State of Iowa, in alternate sections j
to aid in the construction of certain railroads in j
said State was passed. I
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, and Mr. JONES, of!
Tennessee, addressed the Senate, and Mr. FOOT j
was in the midst of aspeechonthe subject, when j
the hour for taking up the special oider arrived. 1
Mr. WELLER. if the Senator from Vermont,
will allow me to interrupt him, I will say that
the morning hour has expired, and I understand
that the Seuator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] has
the floor on the question winch was und<n* dis-
cussion yesterday. I presume it will be impos-
sible to obtain a vote on this subject within a
reasonable time, and I hope, therefore, that it will
be pnssed over, so that t etui make a motion to
postpone all prior orders for the purpose of pro-
ceeding with the Kansas bill.
Mr. FOOT. I very cheerfully yield the floor
to the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. JONES, of fowa. 1 am very sorry that I
have not the privilege of setting the Senator from
Vermont right in the particulais in which he has
spoken of this matter. His speech will go out
in the paper to-morrow, and it will be taken for
granted by everybody who reads it that it is en-
tirely correct.
Mr. FOOT I will request the reporters to
withhold my remarks until they shall bf con-
cluded. I have many more facts to lay before
the Senate in connection with this subject.
The PRESIDENT. This is a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. WELLER. I can only make the motion
In the consent of the Senator, and if I have the
floor I move that the prior orders be suspended in
order that the Senate may proceed to the consid-
eration ih^ Knnsas bill.
The PRESIDENT. #Does the Senator from
Vermont yield the floor for that purpose -
Mr. FOOT. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
76
The publication of the speeches delivered on this
subject is postponed on the suggestion of Sena-
tors, in accordance with the understanding during
the preceding colloquy.
This debate will appear in the proceedings of
to-morrow.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. SLIDELL. With the assent of the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, I ask that the bill
which has been returned from the House of Rep-
resentatives for the removal of obstructions at the
mouth of the Mississippi river, with an amend-
ment reducing the appropriation about one half,
may be taken up at once, and the amendment con-
curred in.
The PRESIDENT. It will require unanimous
consent to entertain the motion.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 presume there will be no
objection to it.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendments of the House to the
bill (S. No. 14) to remove obstructions to naviga-
tion in the mouth of the Mississippi river, at the
Southwest Pass and Pass a I'Outre.
The amendments of the House were to increase
the appropriation in the first section of the bill
from $300,000 to $330,000 for opening and keep-
ing open ship channels at the Southwest Pass and
: Pass a 1'Outre, and to strike out the following pro-
I vision in the second section:
| That, for continuing til** linpiovenient of the channels at
the mouth* of the uvvi, the sum of $'13U,000 be,
: and the same i^ hereby, apptupriated, to be paid out of any
money m the Tie.tf-ury not otherwise appropriated, and H
' shall be the duty of the Set retai\ tit Wai to apply said -urn
to th-' openui? and keeping open of said channels by cou-
tiuct oi othei wit>c.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The whole scope of the
amendments of the House is to reduce the appro-
priation; and as the Senators from Louisiana are
willing to accept the bill as it if, 1 trust there will
be no difficulty in yielding to the amendments of
the House of Representatives.
The amendments were concurred in.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being a bill to authorize the
people of Kansas to form a constitution and State
government preparatoiy to their admission into
the Union when they haue the requisite popula-
tion. *
Mr. CASS resumed and concluded the remarks
commenced yesterday. The speech will be lound
in the Appendix.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the question
before the Senate is on the bill of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. DoroLAs.] to which the Sen-
i ator from New York [Mr. Seward J has moved,
as an amendment, a proposition for the immediate
admission of Kansas as a State of this Confed-
eracy under her present constitution. On that
question, involving'of course the rights of Kansas
! and our own duties in the present extraordinary
' exigency, I desire to be heaid at length at such
I time as shall be most agreeable to the Senate.
I There are otlv r questions, I know, that are at
| this moment struggling for a hearing. Among
! them is one in which the Senator from Virginia
i [Mr. M \son] is interested, relating to the power
| of Congress over the abrogation of treaties.
! There isanother in which theSenatorfrom Florida
• [Mr. Mallorv] is interested, relating to the
i Navy.
! Mr. MASON. Wiil the Senator indulge me
i for a moment?
; Mr. SUMXER. Certainly.
I Mr. MASON. I understand, from the tenor
' of the Senator'^ remarks, that he would prefer
| continuing the detwte at a future day.
1 Mr. SUMNER. 1 was going to suggest next
| Monday, but I will take a suggestion from any
gentleman.
| " Mr. MASON. I will yield to the Senator s
i wishes m that matter cheerfully, and 1 hope it
j will be the pleasure of the Senate now u> take up
I the resolution which was made the special order
for to-day, at half-past twelve o'clock, but was
superseded by the continuation of the remarks
of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. SUMNER. The first question will be
on the motion I make, that the further consider-
ation of the bill before the Senate be postponed
until next Monday, and be made the special order
for that day at, I should like to say, half past twelve
o'clock, if that be agreeable to the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. It would be better to say
one o'clock, so as to give us the morning hour
for other business.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I will say one
o'clock.
Mr. ADAMS. I have no disposition to inter-
fore with the consideration of this bill in the par-
ticular time which will suit the Senator from
Massachusetts; but I ask the Senate to recollect
that one of the first bills introduced at this ses-
sion was one which I had the honor to present,
for the amendment of the naturalization laws.
It was made the special order for yesterday, and
finding then that this question interfered with it I
proposed to postpone it until Monday next.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say Tuesday, if that
be more ngreeahle to the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. There is a bill in my charge
which I think of infinitely more importance than
that proposed by the Senator from Mississippi.
I allude to the bill for the construction of a railroad
to the Pacific ocean. That bill was made the spe-
cial order for yesterday three weeks ago, and it
has been made the special order ever since. I cer-
tainly cannot consent that the naturalization bill
to which the Senator from Mississippi alludes,
shall be taken up, to the exclusion of so important
and practical a measure as that. He will gain
nothing by his motion to make his bill the special
order for next Monday. The fact is, that there
are half a dozen special orders which have pre-
cedence of it. They were made special orders
by a vote of the Senate some time since, and
they remain on the table in that position undis-
posed of. I am unwilling that a bill reported
subsequently shall come in and take precedence
of those special orders.
Mr. ADAMS. I have no disposition to urge
on the consideration of the Senate any measure,
though I may look upon it as very important.
If the Senate take up any of the measures that
have precedence of the one m which I feel some
interest, I shall not ask them to consider mine
out of its order; but, sir, if the course which
has been pursued be persisted in, and if a sub-
ject is to be taken up and be postponed from
j time to time, with only one spcech a week upon
| it, neither the proposition of the Senator from
j California nor my own will ever have any con-
| sideration at all. The appropriate course for us
! is to take up some measure and dispose of it.
1 Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 think it is evident that the
I quickest way to get at the bills which various
i ^euilemeti desiie to have considered is to dispose
1 of this question. I sympathize to a very great
, extent with my friend from California in his effort
i to have the Pacific railroad bill disposed of. There
; are many other measures of public interest dc-
! mandinfi* attention. I believe that the proper mode
| to reach them is by disposing of the question
i now before us. It is evident to the country, to
! the Senate, to everybody, that this great lerrito-
! rial question is the most important one pending,
: and that it will absorb attention until it be dis-
posed of. I trust that we shall proceed with it
i and dispose of it. There are no doubt gentlemen
' who are now ready with their speeches who can
oo on with the discussion of the Kansas question,
j It has been pending for a* long tune, and I am in
; hopes that wo may be able hereafter to have more
than one* speech a week upon it. If not, we shall
! never get through with it. I desire, therefore, to
1 suggest that some gentleman may take the floor
, no \V for the purpose of delivering his speech on
I this subject to-morrow. Perhaps the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Wade] may be ready to go on.
Mr. WADE. 1 am ready to take the floor to-
morrow, or on any other day.
