416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr. BARKSDALE
yeas and nays
Upon that! demand the
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 67, nays 73; as follows:
vr as—Messrs- Albright, Barbour, Henry Bennett, Ben-
ftiiiinohiirst. Bingham, Bliss, Bienton, Broom, Lewis
f? ^amobeli, Clawson, Colfax, Comma, Cumback, Dean,
THrfc Dickson, Dodd, Flagler, Granger, Grow, Robert
R Hal] Harrison, Haven, Hickman, Holloway, Thomas
r' Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, Knapp, Knight,
If'nhY Letter. Mace, Meacliam, Kilhan Miller, Morrill,
'Nichols, Norton, Parker, Peaice, Pennington. Perry, Pike,
Purviance, Ritchie, Bobbins, Robison, Sabin, aapp,Scott,
Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Thurs-
ton Trafton. Tvson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Wal-
dron, EHihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, and Wood-
fUNAY8 Messrs. Aiken, Alien, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley
S.Bennett, Boyce, Branch, Cadwalader John P. Camp-
bell Caruthers, Caskie, Cimsmau, Williamson 11. W.
Cobb Cox Craige, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Dowdell,
Dunn, Elliott, English, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Mor-
rison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett,
Kidvvell, Letcher, Lmdlcy, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Mar-
shall Humphrejy Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, McMulhn,
Smith Miller,Millson,Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Phelps, Potter,
Purvear Quitman, Reade, Richardson, Rivers, Ruffin, liust,
flava„P ?Seward, Shorter, William Smith, Stephens, Stew-
art Swope Taylor, Vail, Walker, Wat kins, Winslow,
Dauiel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—73.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Mr. DUNN. I ask to have read a resolution,
which I would offer as an amendment.
There being no objection, the resolution was
read for information, as follows:
Resolved, That Joseph H. Bradley, Esq., of the city of
Washington, be, and he is hereby, appointed a commis-
sioner for and on behalf of this House, to take depositions
and obtain proofs, by taking copies of ail such documents
as may be desired by either party, or their agents or attor-
neys in regard to the contested seat of Hon. Mr. Whitfield,
a Delegate from Kansas, under the petition of Hon. Mi.
Reeder. That said Bradley be, and he is hereby, clothed
with full power to adopt all needful means to elicit clear
and full proof upon all points which the parties respectively
may submit to him as factsthey, or either of them, de.sne
to establish or controvert. That he shall give to the parties,
respectively, written and reasonable notice of the tune and
place at which he will be ready to proceed in taking such
depositions, and may adjourn the same to other tunes and
places, as, in his judgment and discretion, will tend to the
fUll and perfect eliciting of the truth, touching all such
controverted matters; and that, when he shall have com-
pleted his labors, he report the same to this House.
The question being on the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted,
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Boyce, Branch, Cadwalader, John P. Camp-
bell, Caruther?, Caskie,Clmgman, Williamson R. W. Cobb.
Cox, Crai<*e, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Dowdell, Dunn,
Elliott, English, Etheridge, Evans, Faulkner, Florence,
Fostei Thomas J. D. Fuller, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
J. Moirii on Ilarri«, Sampson W. Harris,Thomas L. Hams,
Haven, Houston. Jowett, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly,
Kennett, Kidwoll, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander
K. Marshall, Ilunipluey Mar.-hnll. Samuel S. Marshall, Mc-
Mulhn, Smith Miller, Million, MordecaiOhver.Oir, Phelps,
Porter Puiyear, Quitman, Reade, Richardson, Riveis,
Ruffin' Rust, Savage, Seward, Shorter, William Smith,
Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Taylor, Vail, Walker, Watkms,
Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Barbour, Henry Bennett, Ben-
son Billmghui-t, Bingham, Bhs>, Brenton, Broom, Bur-
hngame Lewis D. Campbell, dawson, Colfax, Coimns,
Cumback, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Flagler, Gi anger,
Grow, Robert B. Hail, Hairison, Hickman, Holloway,
Thomas R. Horton, Howard, Kcisey, Knapp, Knight, Knox,
Letter, Mace, Meacham, Kiihart Miliei, Morrill, Mott,
Nichols, Norton, Parker, Pearce, Pennington, Perry, Pike,
Purviance, Ritclne, Robbius, Robison, Sabm, Stipp. Scott,
Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranaban, Thin
ton, Trafton, Tyson, WTade, Wakeman, Walbridsre, Wal-
dron, Eihhu B- Washburne, Israel Washburn, and Wood-
ruff—67.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. ORR- I move to recommit the resolution
to the Committee of Elections, with the instruc-
tions suggested yesterday by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr Stephens.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would inquire
whether the previous question is exhausted?
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
exhausted on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire,
before the gentleman from South Carolina pro-
ceeds, if the proposition of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Dunn] has been offered as a sub-
stitute?
The SPEAKER. The resolution was not m
order at the time it was introduced.
Mr. JONES. I hope, then, that the gentleman
from South Carolina will withdraw the motion
to recommit, until the gentleman from Indiana
moves his proposition as a substitute. Then the
gentleman from South Carolina may make the
motion to recommit the whole matter.
Mr. ORR. That is what I propose to do. If
the gentleman from Indiana desires to move his
resolution as an amendment to the original prop-
osition, I will yield him the floor for that pur-
^°Mr. DUNN. I move my resolution as a sub-
stitute.
Mr. JONES. I hope the gentleman from South
1 Carolina will yield to me for a moment, until I
' appeal to the gentleman from Indiana to modify
lus proposition. .
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that the gentleman from South Car-
olina is maintaining the floor, and while he mam-
tains it the gentleman from Indiana moves his
resolution as a substitute. I object to that course,
and submit that the amendment is not in order.
The SPEAKER. If there be objection, the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana is not
in order.
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman from Indiana
to modify his proposition, so as to associate with
the name of Mr. Bradley that of Mr. Sydney S.
Baxter, of this city, a lawyer of high attainments.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. JONES. It would be in order if the gen-
tleman from Indiana would consent to so modify
his lesolution.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is tlie motion of the gentleman from South
Carolina, to recommit the resolution, with instruc-
tions. „ , _.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from South Car-
olina yielded the floor, and has not yet renewed
his motion. If he permits me to have this modi-
fication made, I will renew his motion.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. JONES. Cannot the gentleman from
South Carolina permit the gentleman from Indiana
to move the amendment?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stanton] objects to the gentleman yielding
the floor.
Mr. JONES. Then I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina, before he moves to recommit, to
move the resolution of the gentleman from In-
diana, first inserting the name of Sydney S. Baxter
after that of Mr. Bradley; and then let him move
to recommit.
Mr. CAMPBELL. May I be allowed to make
a suggestion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The question was on agreeing to the
resolution moved by the Committee of Elections.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
is assigned the floor, and moves that the resolu-
tion be recommitted to the Committee of Elec-
tions with instructions; and the question before
the House at this moment is on the motion to re-
commit; and on that question the gentleman from
South Carolina has the floor.
Mr. ORR. I understand, then, that the Chair
sustains the question of order raised by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] that it is not
competent for me to yield the floor temporarily
to the gentleman from Indiana to move his reso-
lution as a substitute for the original resolution?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that,
if the gentleman from South Carolina yields the
floor to the gentleman from Indiana, the gentle-
man from Indiana will be entitled to the floor
after he has proposed his amendment.
Mr. ORR. Then I desire to propound this
question to the Chair: can I offer the resolution
of the gentleman from Indiana, and then move to
recommit with instructions?
The SPEAKER. Undoubtedly.
Mr. ORR. Well, I offer the resolution of the
gentleman from Indiana, adding the nanie
Sydney S. Baxter after that of Mr. Bradley.
That 1 offer as my original proposition; and then
I move to recommit the whole subject to the Com-
mittee of Elections, with the instructions sug-
gested yesterday by the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. CAMPBELL.^ Will the gentleman allow
mo to make a suggestion?
Mr. ORR. Certainly.
I Mr. CAMPBELL. I would suggest to the
gentleman from South Carolina the propriety of
adding the name of some person outside of the
city of Washington.
Mr. SEWARD, (interrupting.) I was glad to
hear the Chair announce just now that the floor
cannot be transferred; I hope the Chair will insist
on that rule.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina yields the floor to the gentleman from
Ohio for a suggestion.
Mr. ORR. "I hope the gentleman from Georgia
will interpose 110 objection.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Chair will adhere
to the rule laid down by it just now.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman from Ohio rises to
an explanation or suggestion, I suppose it is com-
petent for him to proceed with it with my con-
sent.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the gen-
tleman from Ohio to state his suggestion.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to have the question
understood as we go along. Will the Chair state
what the question is ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
asks the gentleman from South Carolina to yield
him the floor. (To Mr. Campbell.) For what
purpose ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw my request.
Mr. ORR. Then I demand the previous ques-
tion. „ , .
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to
have the resolution, together with the instructions
of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
and the amendment, or substitute of the gentle-
man from Indiana, read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question before the House. The question was
on agreeing to the resolution reported by the
Committee of Elections. Pending that question
the gentleman from South Carolina moves an
amendment in the nature of a substitute, which
will be read from the Chair.
[Mr. Dunn's resolution, as above, was again
reported with the addition of the name of Sydney
S. Baxter, and the alterations in phraseology made
necessary by the addition.]
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to recommit the whole subject with in-
structions, and on that motion the gentleman from
South Carolina calls for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN. I ask that those instruc-
tions may be reported.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to recommit
to the Committee of Elections, with instructions
to report the reasons and grounds on which they
ask the authority of the House to send for per-
sons and papers. The question is on seconding
the call for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN. As I understand it, the
original resolution reported by the Committee of
Elections, together with those instructions sug-
gested by the gentleman from Georgia, are to be
recommitted; also, the resolution proposed by the
gentleman from Indiana as a substitute. These
together are to be recommitted, if this vote pre-
vails.
The SPEAKER. That is so.
Mr. ORR. And then the House can determine,
when the committee reports again, what direction
it will take; whether power shall be confided to
the Committee of Elections, or whether it shall
be given to commissioners.
Mr. WASHBURN. And, as I understand, it
is competent for the committee to report on either
branch, either way.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to this debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered-to be put.
The question being on the motion to recommit,
Mr. DEAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion to re-
commit was agreed to.
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the motion was agreed to; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid 011 the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. BENSON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 present the memorial of Hiram P. Ben-
nett, claiming a seat in this House as a Delegate
from the Territory of Nebraska. I ask that the
