1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The Chair will slate that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is entitled to the floor on this question;
and he submits a motion to postpone its consid-
eration until Tuesday next. The Senate must
first dispose of that motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the bill will not be
postponed. If the Senator from Massachusetts
desires to speak on Tuesday, I presume that he
can do so; but certainly somebody else may
have the floor between now and then.
Mr. SUMNER. I submitted my motion
entirely with reference to the business of the
Senate, and not my own convenience. I took
into consideration the pending question in regard
to the Iowa railroads, the other pending question
in regard to the Danish Sound dues, and the
other with regard to the Navy. I supposed that
if I should presume to address the Senate while
those questions were struggling for a hearing, [
should be unwelcome. Therefore, and following
a hint from others, I proposed that this subject
should go over until next Monday ; but if the
Senate desire me to proceed before that time, I
am ready.
Mr. MASON. I desire to make a suggestion.
The motion to reconsider the Iowa land bill, I
understand,according to the decision of the Chair,
is a privileged question. It will be necessary, so
far as I am concerned, having an interest in the
resolution of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
that I should yield it, perhaps, to that. The
Senator from Illinois is aware, I am sure, that the
question concerned in that resolution is one of
imminent importance just now m our foreign
intercourse. 1 have thought that there was a dis-
position on the part of the Senate to continue the
debate on it until it was ended. It was made the
special order for to-day, at half past twelve o 'clock;
but was superseded, as I have said, by the con-
tinuance of the very able speech of the honorable
Senator from Michigan. I would suggest, there-
fore, to the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts—as I presume wo can get through with the
motion to reconsider the Iowa land bill to-day—
to modify his motion so as to postpone this sub-
ject until next Thursday, and allow me to have
to-morrow to get through with oilier business.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will yield my assent to
that proposition.
The 1'RESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts modify his motion?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly, if it be agreeable
to the Senate. I wish to consult the views of the
Senate.
> The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on postponing the further consideration of
the sub ject before the Senate until Thursday next.
Mr. MALLORY. There is a special order for
to-morrow in regard to the naval board. I do
not desire to interfere with the arrangement of
the Senate, but it does'semi to nic that if mi con-
tinue to take up special ordeis in this way, we
shall accomplish nothing. I supposed it to be
the understanding of the Senate that wo should
go on with the naval question to-morrow, and
dispose of that first.
Mr. WELLER. The understanding of the
Senate was that we should dispose of the naval
?uestion before proceeding with anything else.
certainly should not have felt myself at liberty
to delay bringing up some of the unfinished bills
of which I have charge, but for the faet that 1
supposed the Senate had agreed to dispose of that
measure before proceeding to any other. I hope
that course will be adopted; and that when we
take up the Kansas question again we shall con-
tinue it until wc finally come to a vote. I think
that is the best way, and the shortest way of
dispatching the public business, and the only way
of disposing of the various bills now before us.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of the motion to re-
consider the Iowa land bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
must first be taken on postponing the bill before
the Senate. It is proposed that it be postponed
until Thursday next.
Mr. PRATT. I think, sir, there is only one
material point for us to consider in making our
decision as to the time when the subject of Kansas
affairs shall be again taken up. In my judgment,
we must come to this conclusion: That, when it
shall be taken up, it be with the understanding
that we shall continue to debate it as long as any
one desires to debate it, and that then we shall
decide it. I have noticed, during the present ses-
sion, what I think must be apparent to every one
—that there has been less interest felt in the meas-
ures which have been discussed here than has
usually been manifested. I have never known,
as a general thing, so few Senators in their places
as at the present session. I think it is to be at-
tributed to the fact that one subject is taken up
after another, a single speech made about it—
generally a set speech—and we know beforehand
that on this day week, or on some other day, such
a subject is to be discussed with a written and
prepared speech. There has really beenno debate
during the present session. We have simply
listened to the delivery of essays, which are not
in accordance with my understanding of what is
legitimate debate. We have had essay after essay
delivered on the important subjects which are
pending, a week intervening between each one,
when the interest which we feel in it is lost by
the time which has elapsed.
I ifcpe, with the Senator from Califotnia, that
when wc take uj) anyone subject again,we shall
pursue it until we dispose of it. Then the interest
which is excited on one day will abide until the
next day, and we shall come prepared to discuss
and dispose of the questions before us. I there-
fore ask the Senator from Illinois to agree to any
day which may be fixed by those who desire to
discuss this bill, provided it be with the settled
understanding that when it shall be taken up the
Senate will continue to discuss it until it be
disposed of.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senate will fix on a
day when this bill shall be taken up, and be
continued until it be disposed of, not allowing
anything else to interfere with it, I am ready to
agree to it.
Several Senators. Say Monday next.
Mr. SUMNER. Monday will suit me; and
it seems to me, with reference to the other busi-
ness of the Senate, that that would be the better
day. I therefore move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until Monday next.
I make the motion entirely with reference to the
convenience of the Senate, and not of myself.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If it be the understanding
that we shall go on with the debate on Monday,
and continue it until disposed of, allowing nothing
else to intervene, I will agree to the motion.
[" Certainly."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone the further collab-
oration of this bill until Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
• DANISH SOUND DUES.
Mr. MASON. I hope now that the Senate will
take up—at any rate 1 make the motion as a test
question — the resolution of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, in regard to the Danish Sound
dues, which was made the special order for to-
day, at half past twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I now move that it be made
the special order for to-morrow at half past twelve
o'clock, and I will sit here as long as any Senator,
to continue its consideration untii we dispose of it,
Mr. MALLORY. Will that order, if it be
made, interfere with the business which has been
specially assigned for one o'clock to-morrow?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair, if entered upon at half past twelve
o'clock, it will be entitled to precedence during the
day.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I move to amend the
motion of the Senator from Virginia, by fixing
Thursday, at half past twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will first be taken on the postponement for the
longest time.
Mr. MASON. I understand that the Senator
from Florida—and I certainly donotwish to inter-
fere with him—expects to-morrow to conclude
the debate on the questions connected with the
action of the naval board. We have had, also,
an intimation from the Senator from Kentucky,
that he expects to speak on that subject, and to
speak very much at large.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir; that is a mis-
apprehension. I do not wish to speak very much
at large.
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator will
speak very tfljly, I have no doubt, but extendedly.
Other gentlemen wiH'certainly participate in that
debate, so that there will be no probability of
ending it this week; because, when we come to con-
sider the details of the several measures, we shall
be involved in a great deal of discussion.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from'Virginia
furnishes me with a reason for insisting on my
motion. If what it was understood should be
the concluding argument is not to be the con-
cluding argument, and if the debate is to go
on, the sooner that argument be made the better.
I insist on the motion to postpone the further con-
sideration of the resolution in regard to the Danish
Sound dues, until Thursday.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Will that override the
Iowa land bill, if it should not be disposed of in
the mean time?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
with respect to the Iowa land bill is a privileged
question, though it may be set aside like any
other question.
Several Senators. We will dispose of that
this evening.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone the further consid-
eration of the resolution of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, in regard to the Danish Sound
dues, until Thursday next, at half past twelve
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills:
An act to remove obstructions in the mouths of
the Mississippi river, at the Southwest Pass, and
Pass 5 1'Outre.
An act making an appropriation for deepening
the channel over the flats of the St. Mary's river,
in the State of Michigan.
LAND FOR RAILROADS IN IOWA.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill granting
lands to the State of Iowa to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads was passed, will now be
taken up, if there be no objection.
Mr. FOOT. I do not feel myself prepared to
go on with the discussion of that question, not
supposing that it would eome up again to-day.
Several documents were placed in myhands about
five minutes befoio the commencement of the dis-
cussion this morning. I have not had time to
arrange and examine them as I desire to do; in
fact, they are now out of my hands and beyond
my reach for the time being. I have not the
maps and papers which I desire. My apology
is, that I had no sort of expectation that the ques-
tion would come up again to-day. I move, there-
fore, that it be postponed till to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I can assure the Sen-
ator and Senate that I have had no collection of
documents made for me until within a few min-
utes since by my collcaguc. I asked him to pro-
cure for me the statutes of Iowa, in order that I
might show to the Senate whether or not they sus-
tained me in the position which 1 have taken in
regard to the railroads covered by this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that it was the understanding' of the Senate
that this question should be taken up, if there
were no objection. The Senator from Vermont
objects. The subject having been postponed
until to-morrow, it will be necessary to recon-
sider that vote in order to reach it.
Mr. WELLER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the subject was postponed.
Mr. CLAYTON. I should be very much in-
clined to go on with this discussion to-day, but I
do not think it would be treating the Senator
from Vermont properly. The case stands thus:
That Senator had the floor this morning, and was
addressing the Senate, and was called upon to
give way. In order to gratify the Senate he gave
way, in the midst of his speech, when he had all
his documents and maps around him. Now, sir,
after the lapse of some hours, when the object for
which he gave way has«been attained, contrary
to his expectations, and contrary to the expecta-
tions of the Senate, he is called upon, in the
absence of his papers, to go on with the discus-
