1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
memorial may be referred to the Committee of
Elections, and ordered to be printed.
The memorial was so referred, and the order
made.
The SPEAKER. The business in order is the
election of a Chaplain.
CLERK FOU THE COMMITTEE OF ELECTIONS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have a res-
olution from the Committee of Elections, which
I nsk the unanimous conscnt of the House to in-
troduce and put upon its passage: It provides
for the appointment of a clerk for the Committee
of Elections. Everybody must be satisfied that
it is absolutely necessary that a clerk should be
provided for that committee.
There being no objection, the resolution was
received, read, and adopted, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections be authorized
to employ a clerk at the usual compensation.
CLERK FOR THE MILITARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. QUITMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following res-
olution from the Committee on Military Affairs:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Allans be
authonzfri to employ a clerk at the same compensation al-
lowed at the last session of Congicss.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I do not think that
committee needs a clerk.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman from
Alabama object?
Mr. COBB made a response, not heard by the
reporter.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will then be
received.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I understand that it is
not necessary that this committee should have a
clerk. I therefore object.
Several Members. Too late.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the objec-
tion comes too late.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then I withdraw my ob-
jection. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. Why, Mr. Speaker, I distinctly
objected to the introduction of that resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair distinctly put the
question to the gentleman from Alabama, whether
he objected, and be did not object.
Mr. COBB. The Chair did not hear me, then.
I objected distinctly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair again states that
he put the question distinctly to the gentleman
from Alabama, whether he objected, to which he
made some response, but did not object.
Mr. COBB. I presume the Chair did not hear
the gentleman from Alabama.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. HAVEN. I think that it isamatter of very
little importance to ascertain whether anybody
objects; but, sir, as the resolution is fairly before
the House, it becomes us to inquire whether it
ought to pass. Now, sir, I had once the honor
of belonging to that committee. It is an important
committee, but according to my recollection on
that occasion, the mam business that wc wanted a
clerk for was to drum the committee up and get
it together. There really was not any business
before the Committee on Military Affairs, in the
Congress before last, that made it necessary that
wc should have a clerk. Itis possible thatitmay
be very desirable that the committee should have
a clerk now; it may be very desirable for other
committees to have them also: but wc ought not
to let these matters slide without knowing some-
thing about them. If there arc any reasons which
render it necessary or desirable that this committee
should have a clerk, let the gentleman state what
those reasons are, and then we can vote intelli-
gently. But, unless some reasons are given
beyond what I have heard, I shall vote against
the resolution. If the gentleman will satisfy me
that it is right, I will vote for his resolution.
Mr. QUITMAN took the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interposing.) If the gentle-
man from Mississippi will allow me, I want to
say a word upon a point which precedes this. I
understood my colleague [Mr. Cobb] precisely as
he states to the Chair—as objecting to the intro-
duction of the resolution.
Mr. COBB. J did object.
Mr. HOUSTON. It "is, 1 know, very difficult
for the Speaker always to hear what members
Mr, SEWARD. The Speaker distinctly in-
quired of the gentleman from Alabama if he
objected, and there was no response.
Mr. COBB. I made no response, because I held
to my first objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not disposed to cast
any ccnsure upon the Speaker. I know that very
often the Speaker cannot hear objections made by
members in distant parts of the Hall. I intend
no reflection upon the Speaker or upon anybody
by these remarks; but merely to suggest, as a
proper course of action for the Speaker in cases
like this, where objections are made by members
that he does not hear, that, when members state
that they did object, he should consider the ob-
jection as having been made.
The SPEAKER. In cases such as that stated
by the gentleman from Alabama, the Chair would
pursue the course he has indicated; but, in the
case of the gentleman from Alabama on the right
of the Chair, [Mr. Cobb,] the Chair clearly and
distinctly put the question to him, as to whether
ho objected, and he did not respond in the affirma-
ativc; and the question was then stated on the
resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. Perhaps my colleague did
not hear the interrogatory of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman certainly
heard the Chair.
Mr. COBB. I did not.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman addressed
some answer to the Chair, but it was not in the
nature of an objection.
Mr. COBB. I do not think I addressed any
answer to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair addressed the
inquiry to the gentleman from Alabama, if he ob-
jected, and he did not respond that he did object,
but made some response in the nature of conversa-
tion, and the resolution was reeuved; and there-
fore the Chair decides that it is too late to make
the objection.
Mr. COBB. A gentleman near me states that
the response I made was, that the committee did
not need a clerk.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will insist upon
its decision upon the facts stated, that the Chair
inquired of the gentleman if he objected to the
resolution, and the gentleman did not say that
he objected.
Mr. COBB. And the gentleman from Alabama
states that he did not hear the Chair, and thathis
first objection stands. It is a matter of no con-
sequence. I only ask for my rights. I shall
stand to them. j
Mr. QUITMAN. T deem it my duty to say, j
that I heard the inquiry of the Chair, and that 1 \
was of th«  opinion the gentleman from Alabama ;
withdrew his objection. j
1 will now, in response to what has been re- ;
marked by the gentleman from New York, declare
here, that I shall never introduce a proposition
which 1 am unwilling to have discussed. I shall j
never attempt to slide any measure through the !
House. I know that it is difficult sometimes to 1
obtain the floor—that it is difficult to get proper 1
explanations before members. If the'majority j
of the House do not wish the passage of the rcso- j
lution, let it be voted down. I yield to the sense )
of the House. I have abundant reasons in favor |
of the passage of the proposition; and I am sure, !
when stated, they will commend themselves to j
the approbation of every member. Our Journal |
shows a larger amount of business already com- |
nntted to the Military Committee than any of the j
other committees of the House; and it is likely
that, during this Congress, the committee will be |
especially burdened with a great amount of busi- i
ness. It had a clerk ai the last session of Con- j
gross: and I am told by the late chairman of the .
committee, [Mr. Faulkner.] that a clerk is mdis-!
pensably necessary for the progression of its
business. 1 believe that economy demands the j
passage of the resolution, if I did not think so,
I would not offer it, and advocate its adoption.
The members of the committee do not, I am sure, ■
shrink from the discharge of their duties. In this ;
proposition they evidence the fact. They wish to i
prepare the business rapidly and economically, j
But, as it seems that the gentleman from Ala-'
barn a conceives that he has been deprived of a
constitutional right, I propose that the resolution
shall be placed so that it will be open to discus-
sion. I will never introduce a proposition which j
I am unwilling shall be discussed; nor shall I
ever slide, any measure through the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I be°; the gentleman from
Mississippi to understand that, in the remark X
made, I had no possible reference to any action
of his. The House was in turmoil; and I thought
I would say a word, and endeavor to bring1 it
down to the business before it. I appealea to
gentlemen, as reasonable men, not to dispute
about the question of whether objection was or
was not made, but to take the resolution into
consideration. I intended no reflection on the
gentleman. I did not say that the resolution
ought not to have been introduced, nor, indeed,
did I say that-it ought not to pass. I only asked
that we might hear what was to be said in favor
and what against the resolution, and that then
action should be taken on it. \M
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It is true that jf
this debate should be closed, and I therefore now
call for the previous question.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I would ask the gentle-
man to withdraw his call, in order that I may
offer an amendment giving power to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to employ a clerk.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw itfor that pur-
pose provided, when the gentleman has offered his
amendment, he will renew the call for the pre-
vious question, without debate.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I will renew the call.
I now submit the amendment that I have in-
dicated; and the amendment being received I re-
new the call for the previous question.
Mr. MACE. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to withdraw the call for the previous question, in
order that I may submit an amendment to author-
ize the Committee on the Post Office and Post •
Roads to employ a clerk.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw it for that pur-
pose. I think that committee ought to have a
clerk.
Mr. 3VT ACE. 1 offer the amendment I have sug-
gested; a .id renew thecal! for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can the resolution
of the gentleman from Mississippi be amended?
It is reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs. It comes in bv unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the amendment is not relevant to the original
resolution, and is therefore not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is there then anything now
before us hut the original resolution ?
The SPEAKER. There is not.
Mr. GIUITMAN. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If the call for the pre-
vious question is not sustained, will the original
lesohuion be then orjen for amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. MARSHALL. A substitute may be sub-
mitted 5
Mr. JONES. In reference to the same com-
mirtee ?
The SPEAKER. It will be subject to any
amendment germane to the resolution.
Mr. MARSHALL. If the call for the previous
question is not sustained, 1 shall move, as a sub-
stitute for the resolution, that the committees
which had clerks at the last session be authorized
to employ clcrks for this.
Mr. ORR. That would not be germane.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is not rele-
vant, and would not be in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. During the last Con-
gress many committees were allowed clerks for
a limited period.
A Member. For the short session?
Mr. RICHARDSON. The short and long
sessions, both of theni. Some had clerks for
thirty days.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sisippi calls for the previous question. By unani-
mous consent, the gentleman will proceed with
his explanation.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not care to make
the statement. I will only ask the gentleman from
Mississippi whether he thinks it "will be neces-
saty for that committee to have the services <>t a
clerk for the entire session, or can he fix a shorter
period ?
Mr. QUITMAN. I will pledge myself to the
gentleman from Illinois that the committee will
discharge the clerk whenever they think his ser-
vices are no longer required.
