2078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 13,
it. I hope we shall be enabled to dispose of it
by one o'clock•, and, so far as I am concerned, I
shall afford every facility for doing so, if the
Senate will go into executive session.
Mr. ADAMS. It is well known that, on the
last night of the session, we have hours and hours
when the conflict is going on between the com-
mittees of conference, as we are to presume will
be the case again, When we have nothing in the
world to do, and we may devote almost the whole
night to the transaction of executive business. I
think we can take that course this session; I
shall therefore vote against this motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, na^s 12; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Higgs, Bigler,'Bright,
Brown, Butler, Cass, Dodge, Foot, Foster, Mason, Sebas-
tian, Seward, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson
of New Jersey, Toombs, Wilson, and Wright—20.
NAYS— Messrs. Aclams, Benjamin, Geyer, Jones of
Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Pugh, Slide!!, Trum-
bull, Wade, Weller, and Yulee—12.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business; and after three
hours and a half spent therein, the doors were
reopened,
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ccllom, their Clerk, announced that they
had passed the following bills of the Senate with
amendments:
S. No. G3. A bill to authorize and direct a set-
tlement of the accounts of the Bank of the State
of Missouri for money advanced for the subsist-
ence and transportation of volunteers;
S. No. 191. A bill for the relief of Cozaire
Wallace, of the parish of Bossier, State of Lou-
isiana; and
S. No. 203. A bill for the relief of Mrs. Agatha
O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J. P. J. O'Brien.
Also, that they had passed the following bills
of the Senate:
S.No. 137. An act for the relief of Amos B.
Eaton, a commissary of subsistence in the United
States Army;
S. No. 158. An act for the relief of Dempsey
Piltman;
S. No. 184. An act for the relief of Samuel
Forrest;
i5. No. 194. An act for the relief of Joseph
Smith;
S. No. 201. An act granting a pension to
Nathaniel Motherehead, of Missouri;
S. No. 306. An act increasing the pension of
Albert Hart;
S. No. 207. An act for the relief of Levi C.
Harris;
S. No. 208. An act for the relief of Betsey
"Whipple;
S. No. 209. An act restoring Joshua Mercer
to the roll of invalid pensioners;
S. No. 210. An act to increase the pension of
Alpheus T. Palmer, late a lieutenant in the ninth
regiment United States infantry;
S. No. 212. An act to increase the pension of
Amaziah Goodwin, of the State of Maine;
S. No. 215. An act granting a pension to
Samuel B. Porter, a soldier in the late war with
Great Britain;
S. No. 24(i. An act granting a pension to Mrs.
Olivia W. Cannon, widow of Joseph L. Cannon,
late a midshipman in the United States Navy,
now deceased; and
S. No. 247. An act granting a pension to
Morris Powers.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; which were read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
H. R. No. 11. An act for the relief of J. W.
Todd, a lieutenant of ordnance in the United
States Army—to the Committee on Pensions;
H. R. No. 260. An act for the relief of the legal
representatives of Thomas Gordon, deceased —
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims;
H. R. No. 269. An act for the relief of the
sureties of the late Lieutenant Charles E. Jarvis,
United States Army—to the Committee on
Claims;
H.R.No.243. An act for the relief of George If.
McGuimegle, surviving partner of the late firm
of Hill and McGunnegle, of St. Louis, Missouri,
—to the Committee on Claims;
H. R. No. 275. An act for the relief of Cap-
tain Thomas Ap Catesby Jones—to the Com-
mittee on Claims;
H. R. No. 281. An act for the relief of Betsey
Nash—to the Committee on Pensions; ' *
H. R. No. 333'. An act for the relief of Collins
Boomer—to the Committee on Claims;
H. R. No. 336. An act for the relief of Rans-
dell Pegg—to the Committee on Claims;
H. R. No. 358. An act for the relief of George
Schellinger—to the Committee on Claims;
H. R. No. 359. An act increasing the pension
of George W. Torrence—to the Committee on
Pensions;
H. R. No. 360. An act to reimburse the State
of Vermont the expenses incurred by her in
paying her militia called out in 1838 and 1839 to
preserve the neutrality of the country—to the
Committee on Military Affairs;
H. R. No. 365. An act for the relief ofCharles
L. Denman—to the Committee on Claims.
H. R. No. 366. An act for the relief of Re-
becca Smith—to the Committee on Pensions;
H. R. No. 367. An act for the relief of Mary
B. Winship, widow of Oscar P. Winship—to the
Committee on Pensions;
H. R. No. 368. An aetfor the relief of Ursula
E. Cobb, widow of Charles Cobb—to the Com-
mittee on Pensions;
H. R. No. 369. An act for the relief of Albro
Tripp—to the Committee on Pensions;
H. R. No. 371. An act for the relief of Dolly
Empson—to the Committee on Pensions;
H. R. No. 372. An act for the relief of Lyman
N. Cook—to the Committee on Pensions;
II. R. No. 374. An act for the relief of Clai-
born Vaughn—to the Committee on Pension*:
H. R. No. 375. An act tor the relief of George
Bond—to the Committee on Pensions;
11. R. No. 376. An act for the relief of Rob-
ert S. Wimberly—to the Committee on Pensions;
H. R. No. 3(8. An act for the relief of Rich-
ard I. Murray, a soldier in the Seminole war of
1818—to the Committee on Pensions;
II. R. No. 379. An act for the relief of Rob-
inson Gammon—to the Committee on Pensions;
II. R. No. 380. An act for the relief of John
Campbell—to the Committee on Pensions;
An act for the relief of Isaac Adams — to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office;
II. R. No. 3. An act'for the relief of James
M. Lindsay—to the Committee on Claims;
II. 11. No. 4. An act for the relief of Salva-
dor Accardi—to the Committee on Claims;
11. R. No. 6. An act for the relief of William
II. Chase—to the Committee on Claims; and
An act authorizing the legal representatives of
Manuel Gonzales Morn to entei certain lauds in
Missouri—to the Committee on Private Laud
Claims.
GUSTAVUS B. HORNER.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Gustavus B. Horner, deceased. It
was read twice by its title.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to have this bill
put on its passage now. It provides that the
heirs of Dr. Horner shall be allowed to receive
his half pay for life, as a surgeon of the revolu-
tionary war. A bill has been three times passed
in the Senate, at different periods, granting him
his commutation pay. The reason he did not
receive that pay was, that after the services of the
Army were through, in 1781, he went home as a
supernumerary, waiting orders, before the proc-
lamation of peace. The resolution of 1780, which
allowed the half pay for life to the officers, took
effect if they served to the close of the war, and
that has been construed to mean until the proc-
lamation of peace in 1783. After the actual ser-
vices were over, and really for the benefit of the
country, he went home as a supernumerary wait-
ing orders, and therefore his case does not come
strictly within the resolution, and he did not
receive his commutation pay. There have been
passed three times in the Senate bills granting
him his commutation pay, but they have failed m
the House. Now, the House have passed this
bill and sent it here.
The bill of the House is the same in substance
as the bills which the Senate have passed hereto-
fore, except in this respect: having provided gen-
erally by another measure that these officers shall
receive half pay for life in lieu of the commu-
tation, they have passed this bill granting to his
heirs the half pay during his life. The case has
been so repeatedly before the Senate, so fully
considered, and so often passed upon, that it is
thought the Senate ought not to be troubled fur-
ther m relation to it, but pass this bill at once.
Those gentlemen who are in favor of passing the
general bill, allowing the half pay for life in lieu
of commutation, ought to vote for this bill, and
those who have not made up their minds that
half pay for life should be granted, should go for
allowing these heirs the commutation pay.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I must object.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object; but 1 will state that,
whatever may be the reason for this payment
not having been made, the Senator from Ver-
mont has not given the true one, for the case he
states is within the letter of the provision.
The I'RKSI DF.XT pro tempore. The bill can-
not be considered to-day, objection being made.
BANK OP MISSOURI.
The bill (S. No. 63) to authorize and direct th8
settlement of the account of the Bank of the State
of Missouri, for money advanced for the sub-
sistence and transportation of volunteers, was
referred, with the amendment of the House, to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
CEZAIRE WALLACE.
The bill (S. No. 91) for the relief of Cezaire
"Wallace, of the parish of Bossier, State of Lou-
isiana, was returned from the House of Repre-
sentatives with an amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the amendment will
be concurred in. I have examined it. The bill
is to confirm a private land title. There is no
necessity for reference. Let the amendment be
read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the consideration of the amendment?
The Chair hears none. The amendment is, after
the word " confirmed," to add:
And if its location should interfere with any valid pre-
emption claim, the same, to the extent of such eonfliction,
may be loeated on any public land of the district to which
there may be no existing preemption or other valid claim
under such regulations a-- may be piescribed by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that amendment will
not be concurred in without some examination.
If the man has got no right, I do not intend to give
him a float.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator is mistaken.
The bill confirms his title to certain lands in what
is called disputed territory. That land was con-
firmed to him by Texas. This bill provides for
the confirmation of his location; but it provides
that the preemptors who have gone in in the
interval, who have taken part of his land, may
remain, and authorizes him to take an equal
quantity in some other pait of the district, not
interfering with valid preemptioners.
Mr. TOOMBS. If he has the title, let him roust
the preemptors.
Mr. BENJAMIN. He is satisfied with this.
Mr. TOOMBS. Of course he is satisfied to
take our land.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The preemptors pay for
their lands—why force him to come in conflict
with other private claims?
The amendment was concurred in.
MRS. AGATHA O'BRIEN.
The bill (S. No. 203) for the relief of Mrs.
Agatha O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J. P. J.
O'Brien, with the amendment of the House, was,
on motion of Mr. Weller, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill (H. R. No. 153) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending 30th June, 1857, with the action of the
House on the Senate amendment, was, on motion
of Mr. Hunter, referred to the Committee on
Finance.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ccllom, their Clerk, announced that the
House disagreed to the first and third amendments
of the Senate to th« bill (H. R. No. 189) making
