468
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 8,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Geyer.
Senate.
and s.t the same time defeat the intent of the
Constitution and of the act oi Congress passed in
pursuance of it. Every porson who attempts to
arrest ft fugitive, or Assist anothei, must be pre-
pared at all times to prove that the claimant is
the owner, and that the escape was from him, and
rot from his bailee or agent, at the hazard of being
punished as a felon, and under the eighth section
paving heavy damages to the fugitive, to be recov-
ered in a civil action.
Bv the same act all officers of the State are
prohibited, under heavy penalties, from issuing
process in fugitive slave cases, or assisting in the
arrest of a fugitive. Any person acting as counsel
or attorney for any claimant of an alleged fugitive
under the act of Congress, is to be disqualified
and prohibited from practicing in any court of the
State.
This legislation, so obviously designed, so cun-
ningly contrived to defeat a compromise of the
Constitution, is approved and sustained by Sen-
ators who are most loud in their complaints of
the disregard of a legislative compromise by the
constitutional repeal of an act of Congress, and
who are now more consistently employed in justi-
fying rebellion in Kansas on the ground that bad
laws were enacted by the Legislature.
Now, Mr. President, I turn to the proceedings
which resulted in a convention to form a consti-
tution and State government for Kansas. While
the Legislature was yet in session, measures were
adopted to call meetings with a view to organiza-
tion. Governor Robinson, in his late message,
says that the first movement was in July. The
first meeting was held at Lawrence, where it was
resolved to hold a convention to consider and
determine upon all subjects of public interest, and
especially the speedy formation of a State con-
stitution. The reason is stated in a preamble to
be that the Territory always had been, and then
was, without any law-making power.
On the 5th of September, the Big Springs con-
vention was held, and adopted resolutions con-
fessedly insurrectionary, nominated Governor
Reeder as the candidate for Delegate to Congress,
and fixed the day of election after that appointed
by law. The first Topeka convention was held
on the 19th and 20th of September, and resolved
to hold another convention, to be chosen on the
second Tuesday of October, (the same day ap-
pointed for the election of Delegate by the Big
Springs convention.) The convention thus called,
was chosen, and assembled at Topeka on the
fourth Tuesday of October, and formed what is
called a State constitution.
It has been conceded here, by the honorable
Senator from Vermont, that, if the organization
of the Kansas legion and the Big Springs conven-
tion have any connection with the meeting at
Lawrence, or the conventions at Topeka, their
proceedings furnish evidence of a design to dis-
place the existing government, setup a new one,
and maintain it by force of arms if necessary;
but he argues that neither the Kansas legion nor
the Big Springs convention is in any way con-
nected with the proceedings in the other meetings
and conventions, and therefore he took no notice
of them in the minority report.
The question has been very fully discussed by
the Senator from Illinois, and I think he has
shown very clearly, by reference to the proceed-
ings at the several meetings and conventions, that
they are connected together in a direct line, all
having the Bame end in view. I propose only to.
invite the attention of the Senator from Vermont
to a few facts, not unworthy of consideration,
which he appears to have overlooked, and which
tend to sustain the view of the subject taken by
the Senator from Illinois.
By reference to the published documents it will
be seen that the grand vice general of the Kansas
legion organized the meeting at Lawrence, of
•which the grand quartermaster general of the same
Jegion was secretary, and both these grand offi-
cers were members of both the conventions at
Topeka, Colonel Warren was a KjembeF of the
Big Springs convention. How many n)Qre of
the members of that organization were active in
the proceedings of the assemblages mentioned
cannot be ascertained now, as their names have
not been disclosed. The president of the consti-
tutional conventi'on, the assistant secretary, and
fifteen or sixteen of the thirty-six members who
1 signed the constitution, were members of the Big
Springs convention. Several of these, and others
1 of their associates at Big Springs, were in the first
Topeka convention, which recognized its proceed-
ings, and appointed the same day for holding the
elections. The election for Delegate to Congress,
and for the members of the constitutional con-
vention, was held on the same day, conducted
under the superintendence of the same persons,
and Reeder, the nominee of the Big Springs con-
vention, and the members of the constitutional
convention, one half of whom were his associates
at Big Springs, were elected by the same people;
and Robinson, Governor elect, also a member of
the last convention, recognizes the proceedings at
, Big Springs, and quotes a part of them in his
message.
The whole proceedings, from beginning to end,
show that the same spirit animated all the assem-
. blages in succession; though that at Big Springs
i was more indiscreet than the others in disclosing
the purpose to resist the laws to a bloody issue
if they did not obtain a peaceful remedy by an
appeal to the judiciary or Congress.
The fact that one half of the constitutional con-
vention, or near it, was composed of members
of the Big Springs convention—that Governor
Reeder, who was present at that convention and
participated in its proceedings, was their nominee
for Delegate—that the first Topeka convention
recognized their proceedings, in connection with
those brought to the notice of the Senate by
the honorable Senator from Illinois, ought to be
regarded as conclusive against the position of the
Senator from Vermont.
I find that, of the signers of the memorial pur-
porting to be that of bona fide residents of Leaven-
worth county, Kansas Territory, praying the
admission of Kansas into the Union, the first is
James Redpath, who is the person, I presume,
that signed the constitution as " reporter." He
was, I am credibly informed, a member of the
late Republican convention at Pittsburg, claiming
to be a delegate from the State of Missouri. I
believe that he is a reporter sure enough, and, as
f am informed, of some paper in the habit of pub-
lishing " roorbacks" as news from Kansas.
But the Senator from Vermont does not appear
to be entirely satisfied that the meetings and
conventions which he recognizes were peaceable
assemblies, to petition for the redress of griev-
ances. He takes some pains, both in the minority
report and in his speech, to set forth and prove
that grievances existed which justify revolution.
The first Topeka convention understood them-
selves to be engaged in a revolutionary movement,
and they set forth a formidable number of griev-
ances to justify it. Peaceable assemblies to peti-
tion for redress need no such manifesto as that
issued at Topeka, and no such defense as has
been made for the assemblies in Kansas.
The Kansas legion is a military organization,
and that it was prepared for active service, was
made manifest in the Wakarusa war. It was a
party of armed men of that legion who forcibly
rescued a prisoner from the lawful custody of the
sheriff, swearing that they recognized no law, and
relied only on their rifles; and when the Governor
called the militia to enforce the laws, a large body
of men armed with Sharpe's rifles was promptly
embodied and ready for resistance, at Lawrence,
and maintained their attitude of hostility until
Governor Shannon, becoming apprehensive of a
serious collision between the men assembled by
his authority to execute the laws, and the men
in arms to oppose them went to Lawrence and
there entered into an engagement by which peace
was restored.
Mr. President, the convention at the Big Springs
recommended their friends to " organize and dis-
cipline volunteer companies, and the procure-
ment and preparation of arms;" and thus far we
have seen that their recommendation has been
attended to. We know that military corps have
been organized, and supplies of arms and muni-
tions of war have been provided; we know that
the chairmen of the executive committee and
con)Rtittees of safety have appointed missionaries
of agitation, and sent them into the free States
to recruit njeij and procure arfris and munitions
of war; we know that a shipment of arms has
recently been made to Kansas. And now 1 will
mention a few facts, indicating the determination
of the friends of the movement in Kansas, in the
free States, to carry out the recommendation of
the Big Springs convention, and cooperate with
them to the full extent proposed.
At the Republican convention recently held at
Pittsburg, Mr. Mann (and alluding no doubt to
the proclamation of the President) said:
"The first drop of human blood shed in Kansas by the
authority of the United States will be the end of slavery,
not only in this country but upon the globe."
Yes, sir, insurrection or no insurrection; even
if armed insurgents are openly resisting the au-
thority of the law, and it becomes necessary
to subdue them by arms, it is said that the first
Federal gun that shall be fired in Kansas, in the
execution of the laws, shall be the death of
slavery everywhere. They have the means, they
think.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Who said that?
Mr. GEYER. Mr. Mann, at the convention
at Pittsburg.
Mr. SEWARD. AbijahMann, of New York.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It has been said here,
I think.
Mr. SEWARD, t havenot heard it said here.
Mr. GEYER. Here is something which is, I
believe, of a later date. A large meeting was
held at Worcester, Massachusetts, at which Gen-
eral Pomeroy, the agent, and Mr. Thayer, the
secretary, of the Massachusetts or New England
Emigrant Aid Society, were present, ana ad-
dressed the people; the report of the proceedings
was published in the Worcester Spy, of Satur-
day, 9th February, the concluding part of which
I will read:
"Mr. Fomercy'g rema||#*were received with many
demonstrations of applaule, and at their conclusion a col-
lection was taken up in aid of Kansas ; about fiity dollars
were contributed in cash, and written pledges given to the
amount of $150 more, which is only a beginning of what
Worcester will and can do for the cause.
"At the close of Mr. Pomeroy's address, the president
called upon Eli Thayer, E^q., to address the meeting, and
Mr. T. responded in eloquent terms. He said he was a
peace man, and his offer to furnish a thousand superior
rifles, (Mr. Thayer is engaged in the manufacture of a
newly invented rifle, said to be far superiorto Sharpe's,) was
based upon an earnest and sincere desire to prevent the
shedding of blood. A large number of men were engaged
in their manufacture in this city, and a portion of them
would be completed in the coming week, but as it was de-
sirable that some additional arms should be sent to the Ter-
ritory at once, he proposed to pay for ten Sharpe's rifles at
twenty-five dollars each, on condition that, during the com-
ing week, other citizens of Worcester would subscribe
enough to make up the number to one hundred rifles.
" Several gentlemen subscribed for a rifle, anil sent their
names to the chair; and before the audience left the hall,
twenty-three rifles, equivalent to the sum of $575, were
subscribed for. Mr. Thayer's generous proposal was re-
ceived with great applause, and a committee of three was
appointed to solicit subscriptions for the requisite number.
Of course they will find no difficulty in securing the mate-
rial aid necessary."
Here, then, we find the agent in Kansas, and
the secretary, both actively engaged in " the pro-
curement and preparation of arms," as recom-
mended by the Big Springs convention, and it
seems that the secretary is himself engaged in
the manufacture of "facilities" " superior to
Sharpe's."
It appears that the missionaries have stirred up
the people of Chicago, the city of the residence of
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Territories, to activity in furnishing material aid
in the same cause. In the Kansas Herald of
Freedom, of a late date, I find, what I will now
read, under the head "A Noble Letter:"
" The editor of the Chicago Tribune writes U3 from that
city, under date of February 15th, from which we make the
following extract:
"' Chicago, February 15,18®.
"!Editor Herald or Freedom: There is about two
thousand dollars subscribed to help the free-State cause,
which is placed in the hands of an executive committee, to
be checked on by your committee of public safety, and other
proper persons, not to purchase scrip, but to pay for muni-
tions, necessaries, &c., for the assistance of the free-State
cause. We shall raise considerable more means, and wheii
the spring opens you may look for a large number of emi-
grants, who will handle an ax or Sharpe's rifle, as the
occasion may require. .
" ' The whole western States are profoundly moved with
indignation at the wrongs your people have sustained. 4a
sistance will pour in next spring in abundance. ' Though
the heavens fall, or the Union be rent in twain, Kan.=as
shall not be cursed with slavery,' is the voice of the North.
Be of good cheer, and prove faithful to the end. Your re-
ward will surely come. Several of your people are with us,
