478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
<1
Mr. RICHARDSON., That is sufficient.
The previous question received a second, and
the. main question was ordered to be put; and
being put, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. MACE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer this resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be allowed a clerk, with the usual compensation.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
We fall into confusion whenever we attempt to
depart from the regular order of business. I de-
sire to know what'is the next business in order?
The SPEAKER. Tlie election of a Chaplain,
under the order of the House.
Mr. MILLSON. I call for the regular order
of business.
CHAPLAIN TO THE HOUSE.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When the House,
some days ago, determined to proceed to the elec-
tion of a Chaplain, I put in nomination the name
of Elder Robert C. Leschman, of Prince William
county, Virginia. The nomination was made
without his knowledge, and of course without
his consent. He is one of those.who believe that
preference should be given to no denomination of
Christians 
Mr. STANTON. Is this debate in order? If
a speech be made in favor of one candidate, it can
be made in favor or against any other.
Mr. JONES. I am going to withdraw the nom-
ination.
Mr. STANTON. Then I make no objection.
Mr. JONES. I merely wish to say, ii! justice
to the gentleman to whom I have referred, that I
put his name in nomination without his knowl-
edge or conscnt. He is a member of that branch
of the Christian Church who are opposed to all
connection between State and Church. They are
opposed to the employment of chaplains by this
Crovernment; and he would not, m my opinion,
accept of the office even if he were unanimously
elected. Therefore, I withdraw his name from
nomination.
Mr. FLAGLER. I desire to ask if it would
be in order to move an indefinite postponement
of this election ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would.
Mr. FLAGLER. I make the motion for the
reason that I prefer the existing arrangement, by
which the clergymen of this city and 'George-
town officiate alternately at the opening of our
sessions. Therefore, for the purpose of getting
rid of this-subject, 1 make the motion.
Mr. BENSON. 1 am requested by my col-
league, [Mr. Knowlton,] who is now absent, to
state that he put m nomination the name of Rev.
Mr. Conway without that gentleman's knowl-
edge or consent, and desires me to withdraw it.
Mr. JONES. I suppose, sir, that, if this mo-
tion to postpone indefinitely is agreed to, then the
order some time since adopted, on the motion of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Dowdell,]
will be in force ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. JONES. Then it will be at the pleasure of
the ministers of the Gospel of the District to make
an arrangement among themselves to attend here
as suits their convenience. I hope, therefore, that
this motion will be adopted, and the election be
indefinitely postponed. j
Mr. FLORENCE. Upon the motion to post-;
pone I demand the yeas and nays. I
The yeas and nays were ordered. j
Mr. SANDIDGE. Having paired off with a !
gentleman from Ohio, I shall not be at liberty to
vote upon this question, but I wish to say one .
word as to what I would like to see done by this
House in reference to this matter. I am perfectly
satisfied with the present arrangement, and would j
like to see this House go on under the rule already ;
adopted. At the opening of every session of j
Congress, the ministers, not only of this city, but !
of the surrounding country, come here, either in j
person or through their agents, and log-roll to ,
obtain the position of Chaplain. I think it high j
time that this system should be abolished. If it!
is an office to be conferred, I think it should be i
conferred alike upon all the ministers of this city,'
and they should be invited to appear here and
officiate alternately, according to arrangement '
among themselves, as Chaplain of this House,
and they should all be paid what is now paid to
one. 1 hope this matter will be postponed, and
that we shall go on under the existing arrange-
ment.
Mr. DOWDELL. Did I understand the Chair
to decide that the resolutions which were intro-
duced by me and adopted, in relation to this matter,
previous to the organization, of the House, will
be the standing order if this motion prevails ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the resolution referred to is a subsisting order,
and has been acted upon up to this time.
Mr. DOWDELL. I shall then vote for the
pending motion to postpone indefinitely.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire information before
I vote upon the proposition to postpone. I desire
to be informed by the gentleman from Alabama,
and by the House, what would be the practical
effect of postponing the election of a Chaplain in-
definitely. Under the present order of the House
the clergymen of this city have been invited to
entertain us with their prayers. [Laughter.] I
desire to know how those gentlemen are to be
paid ? I am perfectly willing that those gentle-
men should favor us with that which we so much
need; but how are they to be paid?
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
Is all this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair assigned the floor
to the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. San-
didge,] before any response was made to the call
of the roll. The motion to postpone is an original
question before the House; and upon it the main
question has not been ordered, and therefore it is
in order to debate that question.
Mr. MILLSON. Is discussion of the ques-
tion of postponement in order after the House
has decided that the main question shall be put
upon the original proposition?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the main question was exhausted when the ori-
ginal resolution was adopted. The resolution
ordering an election has been adopted, and the
motion to postpone is an original question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I intend to vote for an
indefinite postponement of this question, pro-
vided the clergy of this city who shall entertain
us shall be restricted in their compensation to
what would be allowed to a Chaplain, if one was
elected; but, sir, if those gentlemen are to come
here and call upon us to pay nach one of them
such sum as they may choose to charge, I am
opposed to a postponement, and opposed to the
present plan. I desire to know of the gentleman
from Alabama what was his expectation in pre-
senting his resolution to the House? I desire
that the House shall vote understandmgly upon
the question.
Mr. DOWDELL. There is nothing suggested
in the resolution about compensation. As far as
I am concerned, I left that out intentionally, in
order that we might have prayers without pay
out of the FederalTroasury;aniuntil the preach-
ers ask for pay I suppose that question will not
. be before the House.
I have myself conversed with some of the min-
isters m this city on the subject, and I understand
that they did not look for or expect a salary.
They were willing to comply with the request of
this body, and open its sessions with prayer with-
out pay, at least out of the Federal Treasury. If
contributions were offered voluntarily by mem-
bers, well and good. They doubtless would be
thankfully received; and surely " the laborer is
worthy of his hire."' By adopting this motion,
Mr. Speaker, and thereby continuing in operation
the resolutions which I introduced before the or-
ganization of the House, we get all the benefits
claimed for the chaplaincy—continue in spirit the
customs of our fathers, and avoid the objections
urged against the system. Under these resolu-
tions no money will be taken out of the Treasury,
and not the slightest discrimination will be macle
between the different denominations of Christians
in our country. In rotation a representative of
each branch of the Christian Church will be called
upon and invited to perform this duty, and I am
persuaded they will cheerfully comply. Our de-
liberations will thus be opened with prayer, as
they should be, and I imagine there will be found
none to object. Those who attend should be en-
titled to the privileges of the floor, and will be.
They can mingle with us, and I apprehend wo
shall lose nothing, but gain much, by social inter-
course daily with humble, pure, and holy men.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. McMullin]
will therefore understand that, so far as I intended,
my resolutions will take nothing out of the Treas-
ury. As the Chair has stated that they will be
the subsisting order of the House, if the pending
motion tojpostpone prevails, I consider it unneces-
sary to oner them again, as I had contemplated
doing a few days since.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am very much gratified
to have the response which we have just received
from the gentleman from Alabama; and I do hope
that we have piety enough, and practical Christi-
anity enough, left in the city of Washington to
entertain us without money and without price. I
shall therefore vote with great pleasure to post-
pone the resolution indefinitely; and whenever
the clergy of the city of Washington shall be un-
willing to come and entertain us without money
and without price, then it will be time enough for
us to elect a Chaplain and pay him. I was going
to call for the previous question, but as I see a
gentleman desiring to address the House, 1 will
not do so.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I avail myself, sir, of
the present occasion to present to the considera-
tion of the House a memorial on this subject,
which I received this morning from R. L. Hen-
drix, and one hundred and forty-eight other citi-
zens of the county of Henderson, in the State of
Tennessee, in which they protest against the elec-
tion and payment of a Chaplain by this House.
I only received it this morning, and avail myself
of the first opportunity to present it. I will re-
mark that the petitioners are too far removed from
the store of Federal bounty to expect its aid or
ask its favor. They belong to that respectable
class of people 
Mr. FLAGLER, (interrupting.) Is this me-
morial in order at this time?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee docs not propose to present the memorial.
He is merely stating the substance of it, and in
doing so is m order.
Mr. ETHERIDGE, (resuming.) They are
from that section of the country in which the
people are so respectable, and so little skilled in
political machinery, that I do not suppose any one
of them has ever before signed a memorial to be
presented to Congress upon any subject. They
have embodied their objections to the election of
a Chaplain in a strong argument, which is worthy
the attention of the members of this House.
Severn! Members. Read it.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The argument is short,
brief, pertinent. If any reasons can be urged on
this subject that would be perfectly unanswerable,
I think this memorial contains them. The hasty
examination I have given the memorial convinces
my judgment that their objections are reasonable
—I will not say unanswerable. The petitioners,
in part, belong to that influential and respectable
class of Christians with which my friend from
Tennessee [Mr. .Tones] is, of late, inclined to
consort. [Laughter.] I do not know them to be
"Hard-Shell Baptists;" but, if they are, let me
assure the House that no denomination of Chris-
tians is more distinguished for unpretending piety
and Christian meekness. In the immediate sec-
tion of country in which I reside, their politics—
like their leligion—is subject to no innovation.
Those who are my neighbors are of the Demo-
cratic faith; and I rarely ever knew one who was
not both able and willing to pay his debts.
[Laughter.] If it be m order, and general con-
sent be given, I will ask to have the petition read.
[Cries of Read ! read!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man to send it to the Clerk, and have it read.
There being no objection, the petition was ac-
cordingly read, as follows:
MEMORIAL.
To the konorable Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States:
The undersigned, citizens of the State of Tennessee,
deeming the employment of a large number of chaplains or
national clergy by Confess and thioujrh its authouly, at the
expense of Government, a serious violation oi om lights of
conscience, and of those principles of civil and leliyious
equality and freedom, sought to be protected by the provis-
ions of oui national Constitution, lespectfuily call jour at-
tention to some of their reasons for asking the immediate
abolition of the office of national chaplain m CongiC33, m
the Army, and Navy, and elsewheie.
1st. By Article 10th, of Amendments, the Constitution
piovules thata Thepouersnot delegated to the United States
by the Constitution7 nor prohibited by it to the States, are
