1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
reserved to theStatesrespectively, or to the people," and the
right of employing clergymen to preach or pray for the peo-
ple, or any poition of them, not being delegated to Congress,
either dneetly or constructively, we claim, as a revived
right, sacred, inalienable, and absolutely essential to our
civil and religious freedom.
2d. By Art. 1, of Amendments, the Constitution pro-
vides that " Congress shall make no law res-pectins, an estab-
lishment of religionand we deem the appointment of a
cleigyman of any sect, an establishment, to a ceitain extent,
of the religion of that sect Inasmuch as he is thereby made
an officer of Government, the doctrines preached by him
in Ins official capacity must be considered as tho*e of the
Government whose acknowledged agenthe is, and by whom
he is paid for promulgating his sectanan views, with money j
drawn from the whole people, nine tenths of whom, per-
haps, hold sentiments- eniueiy at vauance with those they
are thus by law eomp oiled to support.
3d* By Art. 6, § 3, the Constitution declares that "JVo
religious test shall ever he required as a qualification to any
offi-'e or public trust under the United Statesand, fioin the
very nature of the office of chaplain, aiehgious test is an in-
dispensable piorequisite to determine the qualification of a
candidate theicfor, as the employment of a non-piofcs.-or
of leligion, or an avowed infidel, to such office, would be an
inevitable absurdity. Such an office or public tru-t is most
clearly unconstitutional. It i= an office to which all citizens
are not equally eligible without a lehjious test, as contem-
plated by that instrument fiom which Confess derives all
its nghtful powers.
4th. The immense increase of the number of chaplains
employed by the Government withm the pa--t lew yc.u.-, lias
alarmed us to apprehend that an extension of tb" system
may ultimately subject us to all tne oneiou-s and oppiv-^ive
features of an unholy union ofChuiehand State. with Which ■*$
the woild has been so guevously bunkmed m all ages, and
from winch we had hoped wo ueie forever delivered by the
glouous epoch of the American Revolution. The leport of
tile Judicial j Committee of the, Iiouce of Representatives
to tlie last Congie^, at its fn-t se^nm, on the Mibjeet of The
numerous petition!? foi tlie abolition ol the chaplaincy, shows
tiiat the number of national cletgy winch the citiz"us ou>ur
country aie annually to<ccd to support, by lodnuct taxation,
i? as (ollows . thirty m the Aimy ; i'wt:s'rY-roiu in the
Navy, and nvo m Congie-* ! besides a huge number at the
vaiious naval and military schools, stations, and outposts.;
and at various missionary stations, ostensibly as teaelieis
of Indian schools. The aggregate amount winch we aie
annually compelled to pay ioi the sii[)poit ol cb-i'iuti'm, as ■
officers winch the Constitution give- Cou^ie-s no power to I
cieatc oi impose upon u.-, but on the contiai v po iti wh mo- j
hibit-, cannot theietoie vau'l.ir lion) a q.ictcr of a an "ion 1
oj dollars <tnmmlhj ' Should the niunlxn ot nation.d euap-
lam*> continue to lnctea-e m the ratio oi tli° p.v-t bnv >eais,
it will soon equal thai of The national cJejj^ in tlie (ie-po-
ti«ms ot tlu: Old World, where the Chuieii and State ;u e
allies m corruption and oppie-sion Indeed, we know ot no :
stopping place or limit that can be set to an est «t  pio'.'ie^s, :
when precedent has overthrown the protective bameis oi i
the Constitution ;
5th. AVe cannot peiceive why clergymen should be sus- j
tamed by Government in eithei House of Congress, at our i
military and naval stations, on boaid our ve^els ot wai, [
and in each regiment of our Aimy, any moie tha.i in each I
township, paush, distilet, oi village tluoughout the land;
and to sanction the former could not be leiraided otherwise
than as an assent to the extension of the r-ame system that
would place us upon a level with the priest-ndden de>po-
tisms ot the Old World. Ourmembers of Confess, mditaiy
and naval officers, soldieiy and seamen, aie, oi should be,
paid a.just compensation foi their cei vice*, and bo left, like
all other citizens, to suppoitany elemymcn, or none, as their
consciences may direct them, without legal agency or eo-
oeion Neither Chriftjamly nor the gemiisoi our uMilu-
tions contemplates anj aristoeiaey piedicaicd upon the
clencal pioiession, and no special" piovi-ion theiefore is
necessary by the Government to admit daymen to om
Aimy and Navy, as they may "riUst like othci men, and laboi
like Jesus himself and hi-> apostles among the pooi fisiiei-
irien on the sea-bide. It it be objected that tew clergynu n
would serve among th« troops and marines upon such to1 ins, !
we can only say that, if actuated by correct tehgions motives, 1
no minister would wait for Government gold to lead him to
Jus labor* of love among them,and that none but hypocrites
■would be debarred by the w:mt of it. Wo thinkihe Gov-
ernment should not evince more leligious zeal than pio-
fessed ministers of the gospel themselves by bribiwr them to
peiform religious service. If the oleigj-men m the Aimy
and Navy lock for other compensation than the voluntary
contribution of those among whom they labor, the various
religious societies of the country might be more appropri-
ately appealed to, as their funds aie volunUmly contnbuted
foi such purposes ; while those of the Government are taken
foi national purposes, by authority of law, equallyfiom all
classes of citizens of whatever sects, andwhethei piofcssors
or non-piofessois of religion.
Oth. Believing that leligion is a matter entnely between
man and his Maker, with which no human Government
has a light to meddle, and that it*= tine exeiciscs must be
voluntarj,it is equally humiliating and painful to u<, as
Cluisuan^, and as citizens, to find the barbarous system of
poiseeution. winch characterized the daik ages, employed
at this flavin our Aimy and Navy, to compel attendance
upon the lelunous seivices of our national cleigv. Among
the many ca^es of the kind maybe instanced the recent
one of the pnvate Dusuan, who wa? sentenced by comt-
maitial,at Foi t Columbus, New York liaibor, for neglecting
to attend the chaplain's rchgiou5 services, after having been
fiequently punished foi the same oflcn-e, to a fixe of five
dollars per month lor months, th« torture of the hall and
chain for four months, and partial starvation upon bread and
water tlining the remaining two months oj sohtarxj impiuon-
nient. We lejoiee that apportion of his sentence was re-
mitted by the clemency of the Department, but deeply i egret
that any religious persecution whatever is anthouzed by
Government, or rcndeied nece.ssaiy to nulitaiy discipline,
by the employment of eleigymen as Government ofnce;  to
p.'iform religious services in the Army and Navy,
7th. While we reverence religion as a divine institution,
only claiming the free exercise of our own consciences con-
cerning it, we firmly believe that all attempts of human gov-
ernments to foster it will result similarly to that of Constan-
tino, in its conuption and great detriment, and in rearing an
ecclesiastical austocraey of hireling hypocrites who will
assume the clerical character from unholy motives, and
ultimately lead to all the oppressive proscuption, imposi-
tions, and persecutions which have resulted from the same
policy in the Roman and all other European Governments,
We, therefore, earnestly pray your honorable bodies to
carefully consider the unconstitutionality, injustice, and op-
piession of the national chaplaincy system, and to abolish
the office of chaplain wheicver it may exist by your author-
ity, thereby restoiing us the liberty of contributing our own
money for such religious and charitable puipo es only as
our consciences may approve.
Mr ETHERIDGE. As the House has in-
dulged me, somewhat out of order, in permitting
the memorial to be road, which presents tlie
views of that respectable portion of my constit-
uents who have signed it, it mi^ht, perhaps, be
improper for rac to detain the House a moment
lonftcr with any remarks of mine. However, I
may say, that 1 will bo satisfied if the proposition
of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Dowpell]
prevails, requesting the clergymen of this city to
open the proceedings of the House with prayer
during the present session of Congress. The
object which we would accomplish by the elec-
tion of Chaplain will then have been attained. I
shall, myself, vote for the motion to postpone,
because, by postponing this election, and invit-
ing the cleigy of the city to attend every morning
and open the session with prayer, if they think
proper, you will have respected the sentiment of
that portion of the people who think that our
daily proceedings should begin with an appeal to
Almighty God—a labor of love which any Chris-
tian minister would willingly perform—while, at u
the same time, you will have removed the objec- j
Hons to creating the office of Chaplain, and theio-
by makingit apolitical office, whuh my constit-
uents have «?n strongly urged in their memorial.
1 will remark again,that the petitioners are a part
of a highly respectable denomination of Chris-
tians, and are earnest and sineurc ill the objec-
tions which they urge with so much apparent
force. I would vote for no proposition which
would cause us to dispense entirely with the vol-
untary offices of a Christian minister; but as we
will have their voluntary prayers and ministra-
tions whenever required if this election be post-
poned, 1 hope tho motion to that effect will be
agreed to.
For myself, I confess that I have witnessed
electioneering efforts connected with the chap-
laincy of the House which I think were not at
all compatible with tho ministerial character.
These scenes will be obviated if the office is abol-
ished, and our daily proceedings shall have been
left to be opened by an appeal to Heaven from
such ministers as may do so without any pecu-
niary incentive.
To-morrow, I will present the petition under
the rule, and have it referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. STAXTOX. I rise to aquestion of order.
■ For myself, I think tho only question for the
i House is, whether the proceedings of the House
; should be opened with prayer. As to this idea
| of our sponging our Gospel from the ministers of
| this city without compensating them, I have no
i notion of any such thing. The question which I
; desire to make to the Chair is tin's: The House
1 has adopted a resolution to proceed to the election
: of Chaplain. Am I correct in that statement ? I
: understand now, that there is a motion pending,
1 after the adoption of that resolution, to indefi-
: nitely postpone. Now, that is equivalent to a
rejection of the resolution. A resolution, after
, being adopted, may be postponed definitely to a
; given day; but an indefinite postponement is ab-
; solutely inconsistent with the action which the
| House has just taken. I hold this motion to be
! entirely out of order and inadmissible; and I
J make that point of order.
I Mr. RICHARDSON". Do you mean that such
J amotion cannot be made? Is that your idea of it?
! Mr. STANTOjN". Yes; such amotion cannot
I be made after the resolution is adopted. When
! the Chair shall have disposed of this question of
order, I shall ask the previous question on the
> resolution.
| The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
' calls the previous question upon the motion to
j postpone.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to know if it
would be in order to commit this whole subject
to a select committee, composed of the clergymen
in this House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
not be m order.
Mr. GREENWOOD. If it is not in order, I
have no proposition to make. I would like to
make that disposition of the matter.
Mr. BRANCH, I wish to inquire if the me-
morial, read at the instance of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Etheiudge,] has been regularly
presented to the House?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. BRANCH. If it had been, I should have
proposed a reference of it.
Mr. FLAGLER. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question for a moment.
Mr. STANTOJN". I would cheerfully do so,
but there arc numerous other gentlemen who wish
to be heard; and if I give way to one, I must do
it for all. I think it is time that this matter should
bo disposed of.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pone, with the following result—yeas 57, nays 58;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bark?dale, Billinghurst, Bliss,
Branch, Broom, Cadwalader, Caskie, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Oraige, Crawford, Davidson, Dickson, Dowdell, Eng-
lish, Rthovidge, Faulkner, Flagler, Foster, Greenwood,
Giow, Sampson W. Hams, Holloway, Houston, Ilughston,
Geoiffo VV. Jones, Kelly, Kennett. Knight,Lake, Lumpkin,
Samuel S: Man-ball. McMullin, Smith Miller, Morrill,
Mott, Nichols, Mordecai Oliver, Q.uitman, Rufiin, Rust,
fcJabm, Savage, Scott, Seward, Shoitcr, William Smith,
Spmnei, Stephens, Stewavt, Snanahan, Bvvope, Thurston,
Wade, Williun-x, iVmslow, and John V". Wright.
NAYS—iVIes'-r.x. AiKcn, Albiight, Barbour,Bell, Hendley
S fiennett, Benson,Bingham,Boyce, Bienton,Burling<ime,
John P. Campbell, Lewis J). Campbell. CIaw<on, Colfax,
Coming Cox.Cullen, Cumhack, Dean, Dick, Podd, Dunn,
Ev.ms, Floieneo, Thuina-s J. D. Fullei, Granger, Harrison,
Haven, Thomas It. Hot ton, Howard, Kelsev, Knapp, Knox,
Leiter, IIumphrovMarshall, lulhan Millet /Millson, Noiton,
Patko^Pe.unmgKm, l'euy.i>lH-i\y^P\ke.PurviaiK>c,L)virye'<u,
I'oade, Rivois, Robbins, !rinimoii«, Stanton, Tiafum. Vail,
Walbndge. Waldron, Kllihu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Watkms, and Woodruff.
[In consequence of an error in counting the
votes by the Clerk, the motion was declared to be
carried, by a vote of—yeas 63, nays 57.]
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi, stated that he
had paired off with Mr. Sherman*.
Mr. ORR stated that he was not within the
bar when his name was called, or he should have
voted no.
Mr. ELLIOTTstated that if he had been within
the bar when his name was called, he should
have voted ay.
Mr. LETCHER made the same statement.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, ofOhio,askedandobtained
leave to present certain communications from the
War Department, which had been sent to the
Committee of Ways and Means; which were re-
ferred to that committee, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the motion, to enable me to ask for
another member to be appointed on a committee.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. DA VIDSON. I desire to ask the consent
of the House that another member may be added
to the Committee on Enrolled Bills. I could
present reasons, showing the necessiity of the
appointment, that would be satisfactory to the
House; but I understand it is usual to appoint
additional members to that committee, and I pre-
sume, therefore, no explanation will be necessary.
There was no objection, and the proposition
was assented to,
Mr. HAVEN. I desire the consent of the
House to withdraw from the files the papers in
the case of Mr. McGruder. The case has al-
ready been passed ujoon m the Court of Claims,
and they want the papers for the purpose of
making up an interlocutory judgment.
There was no objection, and leave was granted.
Mr. PENNINGTON". I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of this House
i fifty thousand extia copies of the map of Central America,
| recently piepaied at the office of tlie Coast Survey.
