2080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 13.
Mr. HALE. The Senator has not put it quite
so high as I really do get. I get more than that,
and would \ote for this bill if it doubled it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WELLER. Will the Senator be good
enough to tell me what he does get?
Mr. COLLAMEli. The mam question is in
what manner the pay shall be increased. I shall j
propose, before I sit down, to move, as a substi-
tute for this bill, a proposition which I formerly
presented, and which has been printed, that the
members of Congress of each House shall 4je-
ceiye twenty-five per cent, in addition to what
they are now entitled to, for their attendance,
leaving the mileage to stand as it is, and not in-
terfering with it. I wish to be heard for a very
few minutes to state my reasons for entertaining
this proposition.
In relation to mileage, about which much has
been said, I think the bill proposed by the com-
mittee does not essentially interfere with it. It
leaves it the same for one thousand two hundred
and fifty miles that it is now. That will cover
the greater part of us. There are not many who
fo beyond that distance, and those who do go
eyond it will be affcctcd by a reduction of one
fourth. The undertaking to interfere to this lim-
ited extent with the mileage is hardly worth
talking of. It is not a matter of much conse-
quence. The truth is, that those gentlemen who
come from a very great distance have something
more to sacrifice than the mere difference of ex-
pense in coming. Men who go so far from home
must entirely lose sight of any supervision of
their business. They must, if they have fami-
lies, and especially young families, necessarily
bring them with tliem. Those who live within
three hundred, or four hundred, or five hundred
miles, with our present facilities of communica-
tion, may reach home, and especially on receiv-
ing telegraphic notice, in a few hours. In this
view of the case, inasmuch as we cannot make a
difference in the mode of paying for the attend-
ance of gentlemen who come a great distance, the
better way is to leave the mileage as it stands,
unless we enter into the whole subject, atid do
much more with it even than the measure pro-
posed hy the committee would indicate. I there-
fore pass over the question of mileage.
My proposition is a very brief one. While I
agree that something should be done on this
subject, I think no violent measure should be
taken. The occasion does not call for it. Then
what is the proper manner of making an increase?
My proposition is simply, that their shall be an
addition of twenty-five per ccnt. to the present
pay for daily attendance. Hike that best, because
it is undisguised — it is unqualified. It is what
every man can understand—vviiat the whole com-
munity can see. In the next place, 1 prefer that
course, because it seems to me that the experience
of our own political history would decidedly in-
dicate that that is the more satisfactory method.
The old pay of members of Congress was six
dollars a day. In 1815 or in 1816, there was a
plan adopted allowing a salary of $1,500, in lieu
of the per diem.
One argument is urged in favor of a salary to
which I will briefly advert. Itissaid that, while
you are paid by the day for attendance, there is
an inducement to members to extend the session
unnecessarily, in order to obtain their per diem,
and that if a salary were given there would be no
inducement of this kind. Mr. President, it is
impossible to escape the question in that way,
because the same inducement which would nuw
operate on men to lengthen the session and
increase their per diem allowance, would, if they
were paid a salary, induce them to shorten the
session at the public expense; so that they might
pocket the salary and do nothins. We do not
escape the private interest which may operate on !
men's minds in the least by such a change; and if!
by it the sessions are made short, they will be
made short by neglecting the public business.
That was the very objection which was made to
the salary bill of 18i(>. It was that, instead of
paying members by the day, you paid them a
salary to induce them to neglect business and go
home. That was one of the great and leading
objections.
But, sir, if it be true that the fair and honest
purpose is to shorten the sessions of Congress,
ana if you thmk they ar« lengthened in conse-
quence of men being paid by the dw, how sim-
ple is the answer! If men stay in Congress be-
yond the time which the public interest require
to get eight dollars a day, the way of curing the
evil is very simple—give them six dollars. Every
man of ordinary discernment would say at once,
if you really acknowledge that members stay
there unnecessarily to get their per diem pay,
reduce it. No man will believe that, while we
propose giving a round salary of something like
a thousand dollars in addition to the present pay,
our honest purpose is to really shorten the ses-
sions, when we can shorten them so much more
affectually by reducing the pay. We cannot
therefore escape in that way. No man will be-
lieve in the sincere purpose of effecting that de-
sign in such a manner when the other mode would
more suitably effect it. We may as well come
up to the question fairly, and say we ought to
have an increase of pay because we need it.
Another reason why I think this is the better
way, is this: in 1816, when that salary was fixed
it was so entirely dissatisfactory to the country,
that it was repealed by the next Congress as
soon as it could be, and a per diem was again
adopted. They raised the pay by the day at that
time, from six dollars to eight dollars. They
raised it thirty-three per cent. Nobody com-
plained of that. It went on, and it has gone on
ever since for forty years. No objection was
made to raising the pay in that way. There
were two objections to that bill. One was that
it was retroactive, and went into effect for the
benefit of the members who passed it. But the
main objection was, that it fixed a salary, instead
of paying gentlemen in Congress by the day, for
the time they spent in the public service.
I think this lesson should teach us something.
Inasmuch as, since the organization of the Gov- I
eminent, the money has been paid by the day, I j
think that is the way which experience has shown I
is most satisfactory. I desire to retain it; and, *
therefore, I prefer simply to say, that this per !
diem allowance should be raised twenty-five per
cent. If gentlemen prefer thirty-three or fifty per
cent., or anything of that kind, let them propose
it; but I wish it to be distinctly understood, that
I am in favor of increasing the pay because I
think it is just and right to do so. The people
of my own State, as well as of others, have raised
the pay of all their departments within three or
four years, even the Legislature, thirty-three per
cent. The necessity of raising our pay is clear;
but as to the manner of raising it, and the extent
of doing it, I think the method which I have
suggested is altogether more satisfactory.
Air. PRATT. Personally, I do not care one
fig whether this hill passes or not. I think the
compensation of members of Congress is much
too low, and shall therefore vote, under certain
circumstances, with great pleasure, for the
passage of the bill; but that will depend on an
extraneous matter, which I now want to state,
and to get the views of the other side of the
Chamber in reference to it.
Past history on this subject, to which the Sen-
ator from Vermont has referred, admonishes us
that this was made a topic of discussion in the
political canvass which then, as now, was ap-
proaching. Now, sir, if the passage of this bill
is to be made by cither party a political hobby in
the canvass, I ao not think the money we are to
get is worth the trouble of meeting this question
when we go before the people in the presidential
canvass. I am informed that all oil the other
side of the Chamber are going for it. If so, there
can be no difficulty about it; but that is what I
wanted to ascertain. There are three parties in
the country, each represented in this Chamber.
If we all know it is a matter of right that there
should be increased compensation, let us go to-
gether, and then neither can complain; and if we
do not go together, and either of the parties goes
against it, I shall go against it.
Mr. IVERSON. I propose to offer an amend-
ment for the purpose of obviating the objection
raised by the Senator from California. I can
well appreciate his reasons why a large compen-
sation should be given to those Senators and
Representatives, who live at a very great distance,
as stated by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr, COLLAMER. I wish to send my amend-
ment to the Chair.
Mr. IVERSON. I wish to present mine.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment of the com-
mittee, unless there be an amendment offered to
it.
Mr. BUTLER. I understand the Senatorfrom
Vermont to offer his proposition as an amend-
ment to the amendment, to which, of course, the
Senator from Georgia cannot offer his now.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask that mine be read for
information.
Mr. Collamer's amendment is:
Ttiat, after the present session of Congress, the members
of the Senate and IIou>e of Representatives thai! receive
for their attendance at the sessions of Congress twenty five
per cent., in addition to what they by law are now entitled
to receive tor attendance.
The amendment of Mr. Iverson was read for
information. It is:
Provided, That no Senator, Representative, or Delegate,
shall receive less than the aggregate amount of per diem
and mileage now allowed by law.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not care whether you
adopt the mode proposed by the Senator from
Vermont, or the other. 1 prefer the bill which I
originally introduced to either; that is, to give
$3,000 salary, and twenty cents for every mile
traveled. That would equalize the compensation
about as well as any other mode. The commit-
tee have thought proper to substitute $3,500. I
acquiesce. I am not one of those who would be
willing to diminish the allowance of gentlemen
coming from a very remote distance; for I agree
to the remarks and sentiments expressed by others
on that point. They must bring their families
here, ana subject themselves to inconvenience.
Perhaps in this view their relations to the capital
might induce them, in some measure, to be bound
more closely to something like the associations
of a distant capital than they otherwise would be.
But now let me make a remark to the Senator
from Vermont. He says, to get rid of the diffi-
culty of having long sessions, you should put the
per diem down to six dollars a day. I introduced
my bill for the very purpose of making a just
compensation to such persons as ought to serve
in Congress. If you were to reduce the pay to
three dollars a day, or one dollar a day, you
would have members of Congress; but who would
be your members ? You would make an aristoc-
racy of wealth. Wealthy men would be very
glad to come for one, two, or three, or six dollars;
or if you did not have that class of men, you
would hav? needy adventurers who would put
their hand up to the elbow into the Treasury to
make money by their seats here. Either needy
adventurers would be here,or wealthy men. That
would be the result, if you reduced the allow-
ance.
Now, sir, the best thing you can adopt by way
of inducing persons of moderate fortune to comc
to Congress, is to compensate them; and there
is no other power to make the compensation hut
Congress itself, for the Constitution has left it to
Congress to regulate its own compensation. So
grossly inadequate is the compensation now, that
1 have not conversed with a man, I have scarcely
seen a single newspaper, that does not at once
admit that some change ought to take place. The
common clerks about this House get more money
than we do. We have increased the pay of
judges, we have increased the pay of clerks, we
have increased the pay of the heads of Depart-
ments, we have increased the pay of everybody
else, but we are afraid to do justice to ourselves,
under the Constitution, when the duty is imposed
on us, and nobody else can do it. If we are
afxaul to do it because we may offend popular
opinion, we are afraid to do our duty when justice
demands it of us.
I do not know that the question of compensa-
tion, one way or the other, would regulate me in
coming to the Senate; but, whilst I am here, I
know it was the intendment of my forefathers
that I should have, at least, a reasonable com-
pensation for the privations of my separation
from home and business, and what 1 now get is
not a reasonable compensation. To be sure, I
might take a small room, and live by merely
eating, drinking, and sleeping; but I do not think
that was the meaning. I must see my friends
and constituents when they come here; and that
is not the way of giving them a very hospitable
reception. Mere naked compensation is all I a$k,
and we know this is not adequate compensation.
We know, Mr. President, it has been said,
