480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
The resolution was referred, under the rule, to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SABIN. I ask, if there be no objection,
that the following resolution may be adopted:
Resolved, That the papers in the case of the administra-
tor of Samuel Holgate be referred to the Court of Claims,
the same being now pending in said court for adjudication.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
• The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
iialf-past three o'clock) the House adjourned
watil to-morrow^ at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 21, 1856.
. Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
- The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HUNTER presented an additional paper
in relation to the claim of Lucy Tate for a pension;
which, with her petition on the files of the Senate,
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
-Claims.
Also, the petition of Thomas Gregory Smith,
praying that some honorary testimonial be offered
hy Congress to the memory of Lieutenant Mat-
thew Smith, who fell at the battle of Gcrmanto wn,
in the revolutionary war; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. PEARCE presented additional papers in
relation to the memorial of Harriet L. B. Ruth,
for compensation due to her son, for magnetic
•and meteorological observations made at Girard
College; which were referred to the Committee on
the Library.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a let-
ter of Jos£ Manuel Gallegos, Delegate in Con-
gress from the Territory of Now Mexico, asking
that provision maybe made for indemnifying the
■citizens of that Territory who have suffered by
Indian depredations; which was referred to the
•Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
Foxhall A. Parker, a captain m the Navy, praying
for the reimbursement of certain expenditures
made by him on public account, while m command
of the frigate Brandy wine in the Chinese seas;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have been requested to
ask leave to withdraw some papers in reference
to the case of Mrs. Nancy Weathersford, widow
of William Weathersford. A portion of the pa-
pers relating to her case are in the Senate, and a
portion in tiie House. A bill has been intro-
duced into the House in reference to the matter,
and it is desirable that the papers should be to-
gether. I ask leave, therefore, to withdraw the
papers in the case of Nancy Weathersford, for the
purpose of having them used in reference to the
«ame matter m the House.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Ann Robinson; ibe petition
•of the heirs of Edward Rudd; the petition of .YImy Martin,
widow ot Robert Lindsay; the petition of Ifeniy A. Wise,
and the petition of the" legal repiesentatives ot William
Bean, all piaymg for compensation out of the fund provided
under the treaty of Ghent for slaves captined by the Bntish
during the war of 1812, be withdrawn from the files, and
reforied to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the heirs of William
Fiannagau and William Papons, praying lor indemnity foi
losses sustained in building the frigate Java under conuact
with the United States, be withdiawn from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the vestry of Washington
parish, asking Congios< t« puicba-p an additional number
ot burial sites in the Congressional Buiymg-Ground,be with-
diawn from the files of the Senate, and leiened to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings.
On motion by Mr. COLLAMER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Azel Spalding, pra\ing for
-compensation for services as pension agent; be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. BIGGS, it was
Ordered, Thatleave be granted to withdrawfrom the files
of the Senate the papers relating to the sale of a portion of
the land adjoining the arsenal at Fayetteville, North Caro-
lina, for the purpose ot being used m the House of Repre-
sentatives.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the Senate the papers in the case of Gibson & Co., Gib-
son & Bell, and John Gibson &, Co., praying for a remission
of duties.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heiis of Robert Sewall,
praying for compensation for pioperty destioyed during the
late war with Great Britain, be withdrawn from the files
of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. TOUCEY gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend an " Act to
increase the efficiency of the Navy."
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART. There was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands the petition of the
heirs of Samuel Miller, praying for commutation
pay on account of services during the Revolution.
This subject properly belongs to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims; and I am therefore
instructed by the Committee on Public Lands to
report back the memorial, and ask to have it re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom were referred various
petitions, praying for the benefit of the resolu-
tions of the Continental Congress for the relief
of officers of the revolutionary army, reported a
bill to provide for the settlement of the claims of
officers of the revolutionary army, and of the
widows and orphan children of those who died
in the service; which was read the first time and
ordered to a second reading. He also submitted
a report on the subject; which was ordered to be
printed.
CHANGE OF NAME OF BRIG VIGIE.
Mr. DODGE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report a bill (S. No. 108)
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
change the name of the French-built brig Yigie
to Minnie. I ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider it and pass it now.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to change
the name of the French-built brig Vigie, now
owned by John Cummins, of Charleston, South
Carolina, to that of Minnie, and to issue a register
in that name, provided it shall be proved to his
satisfaction that the repairs put upon the vessel
in the United States are equal to three fourths of
her cost when repaired.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time and
passed.
EMPLOYES IN THE DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. HUNTER. I present the following reso-
lution:
That the Secretaries of State, Treasury, In-
terior, War, and Navy, the Postmaster General and Attoi-
ney General, be required to report to the Senate, as early
as practicable, the number of messengers and employes
other than cieiks now employed m the several offices and
bureaus of the Executive Departments at Washington city,
and the amount of comperi-ation now paid to each ; al&o,
the number of such employes whether denominated mes-
sengers, packers, laborers, watchmen, or otherwise, and
each of them respectively, that are required to be employed
m said offices and bureau's for the proper dispatch of the
public business, with the annual compensation which
should be paid for the services of each of the respective
classes of said employes, with a view to legislation providing
uniform compensation therefor.
I will state, in regard to this resolution, that
its object is to meet a number of petitions that
are presented to the Committee on Finance, from
messengers and laborers, complaining that their
pay is unequal. We wish to asceitain from the
heads of the Departments how many they will
want, and what rate of compensation they think
ought to be paid. I hope the resolution will be
now adopted.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
ILLINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolutions; which were considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicate to the Senate any correspond-
ence which may have taken place between the Illinois
Central Railroad Company and any of the Departments of
the Government on the subject of transporting the United
States mails over said raihoad; also, such correspondence
as may have been had with reference to the transpoitation
of munitions of war, public moneys, and other property of
the United States, as well as the United States mails.
Resolved, That the President be requested also to com-
municate to the Senate whether any fui ther legislation may
be necessary to enforce a compliance with the provisions
of the act of Congress, approved 20th September, 1850, for
tiansporting the United States mails, munitions ot war, and
othei public pioperty, and making a grant of land to the
State of Illinois, to aid said State in the construction of said
railroad,
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The correspondence
between the American Minister at Valparaiso and
the Government of Chili was called for in May,
1854, and by some means or other it was referred
by mistake to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, without being printed. I have spoken to
the chairman of that committee, and I wish that
communication of the President to be printed for
the use of the Senate. I do not propose to have
printed any extra copies; and I hope there will
>be no objection to my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORT OF SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.
Mr. HUNTER. I have heretofore omitted to
make a motion to refer the annual report of the
Secretary of the Treasury to the Committee on
Finance. I now submit that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
LIBRARY FOR YOUNG MEN.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom was
referred a bill (S. No. 87) to establish a library
for young men the District of Columbia, to report
it back with an amendment, and recommend its
passage. For reasons which I will state as soon
as the bill shall be read, I am further instructed
to ask that it be put on its passage now.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to constitute James Dunlop,
Chief Justice of the Circuit Court of the District
of Columbia; John T. Towers, Mayor of the
city of Washington; Henry Addison, Mayor of
the city of Georgetown; Joseph Ilenry, Secre-
tary of the Smithsonian Institute; John S. Mee-
lian, Librarian for Congress, and their successors
in their respective offices, with such persons as
the Mayors of the two cities may designate, a
corporate body forever, under the name of Co-
lumbia's Library for Young Men. It provides
further, that the corporation may receive and
possess property, real and personal, for the pur-
poses of the library; and if a lot and house shall
be granted or devised for the library, and occupied
by the corporation, provision is made that no
sale of it shall be made without the consent of
Congress. The bill gives power to the corpora-
tion to appoint needful officers, and make ail
necessary rules for the regulation of the library;
and to receive permanent aid from the cities of
the District. It is to be exempt from municipal
taxation.
Mr. BROWN. The only amendment which
the committee propose is, to limit the amount of
property which may be held by this corporation
to §100,000. They did not think it proper to
allow them to go to an unlimited amount. In
reference to the bill itself, which I am desired by
the Committee on the District of Columbia to have
put on its passage now, I am requested to say,
that a citizen of this District, whose name I am
not at liberty to mention, but who is a man of
large fortune, proposes to make a donation of a
large sum of money to this library so soon as the
bill shall be passed. It is desirable, therefore, to
have it passed as soon as possible. It appropri-
ates no money, and does not complicate the Gov-
ernment with the matter at all. It is a subject
exceedingly interesting to the young men of the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, and I sup-
pose there will be no objection to allowing the
bill to be passed at once.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to, and the bill, as amended, was reported to the
Senate. The amendment was concurred in, and
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and rend a
third time. Itwasread athird time, and passed.
