470
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1,
34th Cong....1 st Sess.
Policy of the Republican Party—Mr. Perry.
Ho. of Reps.
Whose devotion to the Union can never be doubted, has
given renewed vigor to our institutions,and restored a sense
of repose and security to the public mind throughout the
Confederacy. That this repose is to suffer no shock during
my official term, if X have power to avert it, those who
placed me here may be assured."
The last Congress had been in session only a
few months before the country was startled with
the unexpected rumor, that an old time-honored
compact, which was originally entered into to
avert the most threatening dangers, and which
had been most religiously lived up to for more
than thirty years, was to lie ruthlessly abrogated.
The sequel is-too well known to nfeed an ex-
tended notice. Leading men in the Democratic
party, in utter violation of their past professions,
forced into Congress the most violent, fearful
slavery agitation that ever distracted this country.
President Pierce repudiated his pledges, trampled
under foot the platform upon which he was
elected, turned his back upon the friends that
had elevated him to power, and used the whole
force of his Administration to carry on this agita-
tion, and expose the vast regions of Kansas, and
Nebraska to the inroads of African slavery. "The
deed was done.
Slavery agitation, thus reopened in its most
violent form, was not long confined to the Halls
of Congress. It went out and spread all over
the country, kindling up the raging fires of inter-
nal discord in every direction. The people be-
came alarmed, and aroused themselves in their
lion strength to meet the impending danger.
Through all the free States they resolved that
" forbearance had ceased to be a virtue, and that
they would resist the outrage in the peaceable,
constitutional way of settling such questions—at
the ballot-box. This inaugurated a new politi-
cal era. With a patriotism worthy of the men,
and the cause which incited it, the freemen of the
North laid aside their old party predilections, gave
a paramount importance to the great issue forced
upon them, and in almost every instance gave
those members of Congress who had voted for
the Kansas-Nebraska bill leave to stay at home.
Only seven members from the free States, out of
the whole number who voted for this measure,
have found their way back to the present House.
The repeal of the Missouri compromise has
completely broken down old Darty distinctions.
The old Whig party, once mignty and powerful,
andwhich in times past has had intellectual giants
-for its leaders, scarcely has a name in any State,
North or South. The once glorious old Demo-
cratic party has been stabbed in the house of its
friends; and, after retreating before the surging
waves of popular indignation> can now only be
found around the shades of the presidential man-
sion, or in little squads about our custom-houses,
post offices, and such other places as are dispensed
executive favors, in the shape of " loaves and
fishes." Asa national party, it has no longer
on existence. The causes, to which a brief allu-
sion has been made, have created the necessity for
■another party. That party has been inaugu-
rated ; and as its principles are but the revival of
the doctrines of the immortal Jefferson and the
republican fathers, it is perfectly natural and
"proper for it to assume the time-honored name of
" Republican."
As I announced in the commencement of these
remarks, I shall now attempt to show that the
Republican party is a national party; that it stands
Upon a platform of principles eminently national;
and that no national man, North or South, East
OX West, can, with any show of consistency,
refuse to stand upon it.
The Republican party, through its delegates at
Pittsburg, on the 23d of February last, adopted
«a address, containing; a "declaration of its prin-
ciples and purposes," which has been published
to the world, and which is briefly summed up as
follows:
" We declare, in the Urn place, our Bxed and unaltered
devotion to the Constitution of the United Btateq—to the
ends for which it was established, and to the means which
it provided for their attainment. We accept the solemn
protestation of the people of the United States, that they
ordained it 'in order to form a more perfect Union, estab-
lish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the
common defease, promote the general welfare, and secure
the blessings of liberty to themselves and their posterity.'
We believe that the powers which it confers upon the Gov-
ernment of the United States are ample for the aceompUsh-
mWrt of these otofstts; and that if uiMb pbVero 11% exer-
cised in the spirit of the Constitution itself they cannot lead
to any other result. We respect those great rights which
the ConstituUon declares to be inviolable—freedom of
speech and of the press, the free exercise of religious belief,
and the right of the people peaceably to assemble and to
petition the Government for a redress of grievances. We
would preserve those great safeguards of civil freedom, the
habeas corpus, the right of trial by jury, and the right of
personal liberty, unless deprived thereof for crime by due
process of law. We declare our purpose to obey, in all
things, the requirements of the Constitution, and of all
laws enacted in pursuance thereof. We cherish a profound
reverence for the wise and patriotic men by whom it was
framed, and a lively sense of the blessings it has conferred
upon our country and upon mankind throughout the world.
In every crisis of difficulty and of danger we shall invoke
its spirit and proclaim the supremacy of its authority.
" In the next place, we declare our ardent and unshaken
attachment to this Union of American States which the
Constitution created and has thus far preserved. We re-
vere it as the purchase of the blood of our forefathers, as
the condition of our national renown, and as the guardian
and guarantee of that liberty which the Constitution was
designed to secure. We will defend and protect it against
all its enemies. We will recognize no geographical divis-
ions, no local interests, no narrow or sectional prejudices,
in our endeavors to preserve the union of these States
against foreign aggression and domestic strife. What we
claim for ourselves we claim for all. The rights, privileges,
and liberties which we demand as our inheritance, we con-
cede as their inheritance to all the citizens of this Repub-
lic."
Now let me candidly ask if there is anything
sectional in the sentiments contained in the above
declaration ? If there is, then the whole country I
has been laboring under a delusion ever since our
Government was formed. But, to be more specific, j
it is not to be denied, that the great leading idea |
of the Republican party is the non-extension of I
slavery, in other words, opposition to its extension
into free territory. This is no new dogma. The i
heroes of the Revolution, the patriots of the early
times, who shaped and fashioned our political
institutions, entertained the same views, and in- ;
corporated them into their political action. They
belle ved chattel slavery to be a great moral, social,
and political evil. So believing, they adopted
every practicable mode in their power to prevent
its spread; at the same time looking forward to
; the aay which should witness the fruition of their .
: earnest hopes—its total abolition. To place this
matter beyond all doubt or cavil I will refer to
a few well-authenticated historical facts, in proof
of the position here assumed.
George Washington, in a letter to Robert
'Morris, dated Mount Vernon, April 12, 1786,
said:
"I can only say that there is not a man living who wishes
more sincerely than I do to see a plan adopted for the abo-
lition of it, [slavery ;] but there is only one proper and
effectual mode in which it can be accomplished, and that is
by legislative authority; and this, so far aa my suffrage will
go, snail never be wanting."—9 Sparks's Washington, 158.
In a letter to John P. Mercer, September 9,
1786, he expressed the same sentiment:
"I never mean, unless some particular circumstances
should compel me to it, to possess another slave by pur-
chase, it being among my first wishes to see some plan
adopted by which slavery in this country may be abolished
by law."—Ibid.
Afid in a letter to St. John Sinclair he further
said:
" There are in Pennsylvania laws for the gradual aboli-
tion of slavery, which neither Virginia nor Maryland have
at present, but which nothing is more certain than they must
have, and at a period not remote."
Thomas Jefferson, in an able article on the
rights of the American colonies, by him prepared
and laid before the Virginia Convention which
assembled in August, 1774, for the purpose of
appointing delegates to the proposed Congress,
remarks as follows:
"The abolition of domestic slavery is the greatest ob-
ject of desire in these colonies, where it was unhappily
Introduced in their infant state. But, previous to the en-
franchisement of the slaves, it is necessary to exclude 1
further importations from Africa. Yet ourrepeated attempts
to effect this by prohibitions, and by imposing duties which
might amount to prohibition, have been hitherto defeated
by nts Majesty's negative; thus preferring the immediate
advantage of a few African corsairs to the lasting interests
of the American States, and the rights of human nature,
deeply wounded by this influnons practice."—American
•Sroltvss, 4th Series, vol. 1, p. 696. |
Mr. Jefferson farther declared his own senti-
ments in his Notes on Virginia, when he said:
" Nobody wishes more ardently than I to see an aboli-
tion not only of the trade, but of the condiUon of slavery;
and certainly nobody will be more Willing to encounter any
sacrifice for that object."
In the same work he farther said:
"The commerce between muter and slave I* a
continual exercise of the most unremitting despotism on the
one part, and degrading submission on the other." * *
* * " With what execration should the statesman be
loaded, who, permitting one half of the citizens thus to tram-
ple on the rights of the other, transforms those into despots
and these into enemies, destroys the morals of the one part,
and the amor patria of the other! Can the liberties of a
nation be thought secure, when we have removed their
only firm basis, a conviction in the minds of the people
that these liberties are the gift of God ? That they are not
violated but by his wrath? Indeed, I tremble for my
country when I reflect God 18 just, and his justice
cannot sleep forever."
In the convention which framed the Constitu-
tion, Mr. Madison declared he " thought it wrong
to admit into the Constitution the idea, that there
could be property in man." (3 Madison Papers,
1.429.
Gouverneur Morris said he "never would
concur in upholding domestic slavery; it was a
nefarious institution; it was the curse of Heaven
on the States where it prevailed." (3 Madison
Papers, 1263.)
Mr. Gerry thought the convention " had noth-
ing to do with the conduct of the States as to
slaves, but ought to be careful not to give any
sanction to it. (3 Madison Papers, 1394.)
Mr. Mason, of Virginia, said " slavery dis-
courages arts and manufactures. The poor de-
spise labor when performed by slaves They
produce the most pernicious effects on manners.
Every master of slaves is born a petty tyrant.
They bring the judgment of Heaven on a coun-
try. (3 Madison Papers, 1391.)
Mr. Ellsworth, of Connecticut, said "slavery
in time will not be a speck in our country." (3
Madison Papers, 1392.)
Mr. Sherman, of Connecticut, said "he was
opposed to a tax on slaves, because it implied
tney were property." (3 Madison Papers, 1396.)
Mr. Williamson said "that both in practice
and opinion he was against slavery." (3 Madi-
son Papers, 1428.)
Similar views were expressed by other mem-
bers. In the conventions of the States, called to
ratify the Constitution, similar opinions were
expressed by the leading men in the same. I will
only refer to a few of them.
James Wilson, of Pennsylvania, had been a
leading member of the convention; and in the
ratification convention of his State, when speak-
ing of the clause relating to the power of Congress
over the slave trade after twenty years, he said:
" I consider this clause as laying the foundation for ban-
ishing slavery out of this country; and though the period is
more distant than I could wish it, it will produce the same
kind, gradual change as was produced in Pennsylvania."
* * * * " The new States which are to be formed will
be under the control of Congress in this particular, and
slavery will never be introduced among them."—2 Elliot's
Debates, 452.
In another place, speaking of this clause, he
said:
"It presents us with the pleasing prospect that the rights
of mankind will be acknowledged and established through-
out the Union. If there was no other lovely feature in the
Constitution but this one, it would diffuse a beauty over its
whole countenance. Yet the lapse of a few years, and
Congress will have power to exterminate slavery from
within our borders."—2 Elliot's Debates, 484.
In the ratification convention of Massachusetts,
General Heath said:
" The migration, or importation. Sec.,' is confined to the
States now existing^nly; new States cannot claim it.
Congress, by their ordinance for creating new States, some
time since declared, that the new States shall be republican,
and that there shall be no slavery in them."—a Elliot's
Debates, 115.
Nor were these views and anticipations con-
fined to the free States. In the ratification con-
vention of Virginia, Mr. Johnson said:
" They tell us that they see a progressive danger of bring-
ing about emancipation. The principle has begun since the
Revolution. Let us do what we will, it will come round.
Slavery has been the foundation of much of that impiety
and dissipation which have been so much disseminated
among our countrymen. If it were totally abolished, it
would do much good."—3 Elliot's Debates, 6,48.
But I will not consume further time to prove
this point, but will only add an extract from a
speech delivered by Mr. Leigh in the convention
of Virginia, in 1832, which fully corroborates the
truth of this position. He said:
«i thought, till very lately, that it was known to eveiy-
body that, during the Revolution, and for many years after,
the abolition of slavery was a favorite topic with many or
our ablest statesmen, who entertained with respect all the
schemes which wisdom or ingenuity could suggest for it*
accomplishment."
