1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
'Mr. CRITTENDEN. Was your speech oil
the 23d of February ?
Mr. WILSON. I believe my speech on the
Kansas question was delivered on the 18th or
19th of February, and I remember the day on
•which my attention was called to it, from tliefact
that I left the Senate Chamber for the purpose of
foing home to look at the proofs of that speech,
think it was the 22d or 23d of February.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. As stated by the-hon-
orable Senator from Delaware, I happened to be
present at the conversation alluded to between
himself and Mr. Crampton. I will not attempt
to state the whole conversation, which was con-
tinued for a considerable time; but 1 am quite
confident that Mr. Clayton made no admission
that the Island of Roatan belonged to Great Brit-
ain; but, on the contrary, asserted and contended
earnestly that that island was embraced by the
treaty of 1850, and to be abandoned and yielded,
according to the terms of that treaty. Mr. Cramp-
ton did not then say or intimate that Mr. Clay-
ton had ever admitted to him that Roatan be-
longed to Great Britain.
I cannot state with certainty the time of this
conversatiofl; but my impression is that it oc-
curred inMarch last. It was the only conversation
I ever heard on the subject between those gentle-
men; and most certainly it contained^ nothing to
warrant the statement which is made in what lias
been read from a newspaper, by the Senator from
Delaware, as an " extract" from a letter of Mr,
Crampton to the Earl of Clarendon under date of
the 31st of March, 1856. The statement, how-
ever, is given only as an " extract;" and even if
it is truly given, the letter may contain other mat-
ters which might explain and control its meaning.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have a word more to say
in reference to the letter to which Mr. Crampton
refers. 1 have heretofore made a full explanation
of the subject of the letter referred to by Mr.
Crampton to the Senate, and shown that there
could nave been nothing in that letter as referred to
by the Senator from Massachusetts which author-
ized him or anybody else to draw such an infer-
ence as it seems, from the unrevised version of his
speech, he did draw from the letter. Indeed sir,
in the conversation to which I alluded, and which j
took place in the presence of my friend from
Kentucky, I particularly pressed Mr. Crampton
upon that question, to know whether he had ever
authorized any one to say that I had admitted
that Roatan was a British possession, and out
of the treaty. He unqualifiedly, as I understood
him, denied that he had ever made any such
statement.
Sir, if you look back to the history of what
actually occurred, you will see that it must have
beeg impossible I.couJd have made such declara-
tions as he has imputed to me in his letter of the
31st of March last. Previous to the year 1853,
I never saw him to converse with him on the sub-
ject. When I left Washington in July, 1850, a
few days after the treaty, Sir H. L. Bulwcr was
the British Minister—not Mr. Crampton. The
only conversations between him and me, on this
subject, occurred in 1853, and afterwards, while
he was the British Minister; and immediately
after I arrived in Washington, in 1853, I made a I
speech on the treaty, such as 1 have stated. I
then placed the title to Belize on the ascertain-
ment of a geographical fact then not settled, but
which was afterwards settled, by examination,
against the British claim. I addressed the Senate
at length again in January, 1854, as the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Cass] will well recollect,
upon this subject, to prove that Roatan could not
possibly be a dependency of Belize, which was
the ground on which it was then claimed that
Great Britain had a title to Roatan. I have often
-—as often as the subject has been debated here—
denied the British title. Then, sir, after all the
declarations and labored efforts on my part here m
the Senate, from time to time, to prove that itwas
impossible that Roatan could be a lawful British
possession; while I constantly, in public, was
declaring the reverse to every one else, is it to
be believed I was secretly admitting to him that
Roatan was such a British possession, and exempt
from the treaty of 1850 ? It will appear to all men,
I think, to have been impossible, unless I was
bereft of reason. No man in his senses,coming
to the Senate, and, day after day, making speech
after Speech to prove directly the reverse of what
Mr. Crampton contends for, can be believed to
have, at the same time, admitted what Mr. Cramp-
ton states to be true.
Our defense against these and all similar misrep-
resentations, will be found in the plain language
of the treaty, and of my own letter to the British
Plenipotentiary, on the 4th July, 1850, at the very
moment of the exchange of ratifications. All pre-
vious letters on either side are, as Mr. Buchanan
said to Lord Clarendon, like the mere scaffolding
to a building, which must be taken away when
the edifice is completed. That is a complete,
triumphant, and overwhelming reply to all the
pitiful falsehoods and subterfuges which have
been or can be invented. It at once meets and
crushes all the ridiculous inferences made from
Sir H. L. Bulwer's previous letters, claiming
Roatan as a British island, and all subsequent
inventions to bolster up a perversion of the treaty
by parol evidence of what I said, or any other man
said, before or after the deed was executed.
I am willing to place the most charitable con-
struction on his mistake. I cannot possibly ac-
count for it in any other way than this: he has
heard it repeated by me that, if Roatan should
prove geographically not to be one of the islands
adjacent to what was called the viceroyalty of
Guatemala, it would be without the treaty; and
so, too, if it was one of the smalt islands desig-
nated in the treaty of 178(1, (which he negatived
by his letter,) it belonged to Great Britain. I
can appeal to the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, who often engaged in debate with me on this
subject, to confirm what I have stated, as I am
sure he will perfectly recollect the discussions to
which I have adverted, and the impressions which
they left on his own mind.
Mr. CASS. There arc two clusters of islands,
or rather a cluster of larger islands, and a cluster
of islets. This cluster of islets is enumerated in
the treaty which I have before me, a treaty be-
tween England and Spain in 178G, in which they
are thus described:
"The Hnglish nation shall erijoy the liberty of refitting
tlicir liieiclmnt ships in tlie southern tuangle, included be-
tween the point ot' Oayo Carina, and tlie cluster 01" small
islands wineh are situated opposite that paitof tlie coast
occupied liy the eutteis, aL the distance ntViglit leagues t'lom
tlie liver W.tllis. seven Jiom (Jayo Casina, and three liom
the river .Silicon."
This little cluster ofislets is some twelve or four-
teen leagues, 1 think, from Belize, and they have
been known as dependencies of Belize. The other
islands arc in the Bay of Honduras, two hundred,
or two hundred and fifty, or three hundred miles
from the Belize, for in regard to the distance the
accounts differ; 1 do not know the distance. The
principal of them is a large island called Roatan,
seventy or eighty miles in extent, with very fine
harbors, and it is a very important station for a
commercial as well as a military marine.
When the treaty was negotiated, the cluster of
islets to which I have alluded, was the one referred
to; for in the very letter which the honorable Sen-
ator has read, the writer refers to the cluster of
islets described in the treaty of 1786, and here
they are. There is no reference to the large
islands in the Bay of Honduras two hundred or
three hundred miles off, which belong now to the
State of Honduras.
I merely wished to confirm the statement of
the honorable Senator on that subject. There is
something in this matter that seems to me very
incomprehensible. It is utterly impossible that
the honorable Senator could have told Mr. Cramp-
ton such stuff; and if so, how does it happen that
this important fact, after a discussion of five or
six years, does not come out until this late day?
There must be some very strange misapprehen-
sion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Before this matter leaves
the possession of the Senate, I would ask the
honorable Senator from Delaware what is the
date of the letter of Mr. Crampton ?
Mr. CLAYTON. January 7,1854, is the date
of the letter read by me.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What is the date of the
letter to the British Government?
Mr. CLAYTON. The 31st of March, 1856;
about the time of the conversation between him
and me, in the presence of my friend from Ken-
tucky.
Mr, CRITTENDEN. As given here, it pur-
ports to bo an extract from a letter of Mr. Cramp-
ton. There may be some qualification. The parts
of that letter which are not given here might
throw over this misapprehension some light; but
I do not know anything at all about that. The
language is:
"Mr. Clayton has, on various occasions since, in conver-
sation with me, stated that he considered Roatan as much
a British possession as Jamaica, or any other British West
India islands."
In the conversation which I heard between
those two gentlemen, and which seemed to be a
full conversation—it was of considerable length
—the Senator from Delaware pressed him upon
this point. He seemed to desire to have Mr.
Crampton speak out. The Senator did not, in
that conversation at any rate, admit that Roatan
was de jure and de facto a British possession as
much as Jamaica.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. Crampton did not pre-
tend that it was.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. He did not pretend
that it was, so far as I recollect. The simple
fact, that it was known to this Government that
the British had taken possession of it, was ad-
mitted, as I understood; but that it was not cov-
ered by the treaty, or that it was a British pos-
session de jure or de facto, was not admitted, nor
was it asserted, by Mr. Crampton; but the con-
trary, as I understood, was clearly conceded and
admitted.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to ask what evidence
have we of the authenticity of this letter ? It
seems to me that there must be some mistake
about it. I would inquire of the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware whether he has asked the
British Minister whether this letter is authentic?
Mr. CLAYTON. I have no knowledge at all
of its authenticity. My attention was called to
it this morning, and I was nevermore astonished
in my life. I found it in the public prints.
Mr. PRATT. Would it not have been the
better course for the honorable Senator to inquire
of the Minister whether the letter be genuine be-
fore discussing it ?
Mr. CLAYTON. My first duty was to my-
self, and that was, to show that the statement, no
matter by whom made, was absolutely and en-
tirely withoutfoundation. IfMr.Crampton never
made such a statement, he is not injured; if he
made such a statement, it is for him to explain it.
I have no reason to doubt or deny the authenticity
of the paper, though it does appear in the public
prints. It appears there, and until it is denied
or disavowed 1 am bound to suppose that it is a
full extract from a letter sent by the Minister to
his Government. I should be very happy to find
that it is not so.
Hero the conversation dropped.
Mr. CLAYTON subsequently rose and said:
I desire to put a question to the honorable Senator
from New York, [Mr. Fish.] During the year
1854, in the month of January I think, I had a
conversation with the British Minister here, in
the course of which he referred to an important
paper on the files of the British Legation, which
established the fact that the Island of Roatan was
not a dependency of Belize. Thatpaperl remem-
ber very well; and some time during this last
spring, prior to the conversation which has been
referred to this morning, I had a conversation
with my friend from New York in regard to it. 1
was then sick, and was notable to visit the British
Minister, and therefore I requested my friend from
New Yoik to call on Mr. Crampton, and ask him
if it was consistent with his duty, to let me see
that paper, as it was an important one, and I did
not see any reason why it should not be shown.
My friend from New York called on tho British
Minister, and the Minister stated to him, as X
understand, that he would himself see me on the
subject. He came and saw me. He did not sup-
ply me. with the paper; but the conversation which
has been detailed by myself and by my friend from
Kentucky this morning then occurred.
Now, as my friend from New York had re-
peated conversations with the British Minister,
Mr. Crampton, in reference to this point—howfar
the American negotiator of the treaty of 1850 was
committed to tho British title in Roatan, I desire
him to'state what was the impression made on
his mind when the British Minister returned to
him on the same day after our conversation, and
stated that he had seen me, and also stated to the
Senator from New York his conversation with
me. I wish to kno^- whether the honorable
