THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 14, 1856.
New Series No. 131.
that in consequence of the inadequacy of the pay,
members of Congress have resorted to shifts.
Yes, sir, some of them, if you believe the news-
papers, would not take $10,000 for their seats.
They make more out of their naked seats than
they would any other way. So it has been said;
I do not know how truly. I do not undertake to
say it is true, but that imputation has been made,
and we all know it has been made. I say, reg-
ulate the pay so that a reasonable man with a
tolerable fortune can come here, and barely be
compensated for his privations. That is what I
ask. I do not care which mode you take, except
that I want one to shorten the sessions. .
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, it was my
intention to let this subject pass without any
remark; but after the manner in which it has been
treated by the honorable Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Pratt,] I should seem to be wanting in
frankness if I should not express my views. I
shall do so very briefly.
No interest of my own is affected by it. It
has been, from the beginning of my public life
to this day, my settled rule, one to which I have
always adhered, never to take an office where
the emoluments were to be regarded as com-
pensation for whatever of public duty 1 might
perform; in other words, to accept no trust in
which the expenditure which I should make
would not exceed the amount that I should receive.
So in my case the question always is, whether
I can afford to take an office tendered to me,
and not what I can make out of it. That is the
consideration on which I act now. I know no
reason why this subject ought not to be con-
sidered by every Senator for himself, and determ-
ined upon his own convictions without argument
on the part of others; certainly 1 shall address
none to any one to persuade him to vote for this
bill, for I am not going to vote for it myself. I
shall address no arguments to any one to induce
him to vote against it, or prejudice the public
mind against it, if a majority shall think it is
right and just to passit; nor shall I ever raise any
question upon the subject. It is so delicate a
one, that 1 do not feel that it would be right,
manly, and honorable, to make difficulties out of
it. The Senator from Maryland, and all others,
may feel assured that I should feel as reluctant
as they to see the public nnnd arrested and di-
verted from great public issues by a question of
this kind. 1 ought, however, to say, that in the
public estimation there are two evils attending
the labors of Congress. One is that of long
sessions; the other is the absenteeism of mem-
bers of Congress. This bill ought to have been
wisely framed, I think, with reference to what
is the true policy of the country on those two
subjects.
Now, in regard to long sessions of Congress,
it may be said this bill will have the tendency to
shorten them. I think so, too; but I am not of
, the opinion that long sessions of Congress are an
evil. On the other hand, I think that it is to the
interest of a confederacy like this that represent-
atives from all its parts should be together for
consultation upon its affairs as large a portion of
the time as possible. In the first place, Congress
ought to be here to watch the Executive Admin-
istration with jealousy. Secondly, there are,
amongst so many States a's these, difficulties oc-
curring such as necessarily occur in other large
States. These differences, in all confederacies,
must be either talked out or fought out. The
European system and eastern system has been to
fight out difficulties and troubles. Ours is to
talk them out. Congress is tho field where that
labor is to be performed. I have, therefore, no
objection to long sessions of Congress. In re-
gard to the other question, I think it would be
wise, in regulating our compensation, to take care
that the measure should be adopted so as to secure
the attendance of members of Congress as effect-
ually as possible in their places, because the
absenteeism from either House is in itself an in-
convenience of which the public have a right to
complain, whenever it is unnecessary. At the
131
same time, members of Congress, no more than
other persons, can control accidents. It is very
certain that members cannot be here all the time,
neglecting their families in siclmessorin difficulty,
and neglecting their private affairs. I'could wish,
however, that the bill before us was better adapted
to prevent unnecessary neglect of the duty of at-
tendance on our debates.
Mr. TOOMBS. The principle of this Govern-
ment, as established in the Constitution, is, that
the members of the two Houses of Congress shall
be paid, and the rule ought to be a just compen-
sation. Certainly, none would require, if paid at
all, that they should be paid less than their actual
expenses. It is universally ceded that the pres-
ent rate of compensation does not do this, and
therefore it is proper that it should be raised.
Throe thousand dollars is tho highest amount
named. Ifr efer the original bill, for T think that
would come nearer paying the reasonable expenses
of members of Congress.
I differ with the Senator from New York as to
long sessions. A great many gentlemen would
come into the public service, provided they were
not required to stay here so long. It is not every
gentleman who may be sent heie that can afford
to have public olHces that do not pay expenses,
like the Senator from New York. At ail events
the principle is adopted in our Constitution to
meet that very difficulty.
There was another difficulty. The members
of the British parliament get nothing, and the
framers of tiro Constitution saw that two evils
grew out of that. In the first place, it shut out
poor men and sent in jobbers; and then, if poor
men got there, it corrupted tliem. Our Constitu-
tion went on a different principle, and that is to
pay a f.ur and just compensation.
I think long sessions are very great evils, and
I think the compensation had better be paid in
the shape of salary than m any other way,
because the payment of members of Congress is
the .smallest portion of our legislative expenses.
Our printing amounts to h:2,000,0(10 a year.
Various other items amount to a great deal. I
say that the people who conn: lane to do the
legislate busim ss of this limited Government
ought to £et a fair and reasonable compensation
for their expenses, and go home as soon as pos-
sible, and that would be for the best interests of
the. country. Therefore I shall vote for the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote for the bill as re-
ported by the committee, allowing $2,500 salary
to members of Congress. I regret, however, that
the committee have changed the mileage. The
change docs not affect me; it does not affect most
members; but it does affect those members who
reside at a great distance from the Capitol. As
stated by the Senator from Vermont, there are
many inconveniences which those members suffer,
which we do not, who can go to our homes in
twenty-four or forty-eight hours. I should prefer
to leave the mileage as it now stands, and let
members of Congress who reside at a distance,
or on the Pacific coast, have the same mileage
which they have now. Then you will not reduce
the pay.
Mr. IVERSOX. I have sent up an amend-
ment to the Chair which obviates that difficulty.
Mr. WILSON. I did not so understand it;
but Iamveryglad the proposition has been made,
if it does obviate the difficulty. The Senator
from South Carolina has suggested that one of
the evils of low pay is, that members of Congress
make "shifts." 1 shall vote for the increase of
pay, but I shall not vote for it with the hope of
remedying that evil. By the increase of pay wo
shall nut prevent corrupt men from being cor-
rupt. If there bo men in the Congress, in either
House, who are corrupt, who have the reputa-
tion of being corrupt m the public mind, in my
judgment they are men to whom this increase of
pay is of no consequence. I do not believe this
will have much effect in that respect, but I believe
it to be right that we should raise the pay of mem-
bers of Congress.
The Senator from Maryland has suggested that
this may be used as a political question. I trust
there is no man in the Senate, and no man in this"
Congress, who will resort to that small game of
politics. I do not believe any party can make
anything at this time, when we are spending
$75,000,000 annually to carry on this Govern-
ment, by opposing tlie payment of a reasonable
compensation to members of Congress. If any-
body undertakes that small game, I believe hb
will be frowned down by the good sense of the
people. I shall vote for this allowance of $2,500.
I think it a reasonable compensation. I shall
vote very cheerfully for it, and if there is any
personal responsibility that is to attach to any of
us for tnuking this change, I am willing to take
my full share of the responsibility.
Mr. HUNTER. The bill as proposed by the
Committee on Finance will add to the annual
expense of this body for pay, taking the average
of the two sessions, about fifty thousand dollars
a year. The subject was one of some difficulty;
for, whilst we felt that the members who lived at
a great distance should be allowed, on account of
their living at a distance, a larger compensation
than those who arc near, it was also felt that
there ought to be some proportion, that the dis-
parity in the presentmode of compensating mem-
bers was too large, some getting perhaps three,
or even four times as much as others. The Com-
mittee on Finance sought, therefore, to adopt
some principle which would enable the more dis-
tant members to get increased compensation, in
consideration of tbeaapeaterdistance at which they
live, not on the idHfcftat it costs them so much
more to travel, bitrWcmise the-'fact of their living
at such a distance really creates inconveniences
which entitle them to increased pay. They pro-
posed, then, in order to meet this, that there
1 should be a deduction of mileage from forty to
; thirty cents per mile on all distances over twelve
hundred and fifty miles. On examining the table
j which was made out in reference to the com-
'> pensation of each member, it was found that it
i seemed to operate tolerably equal. It raised all
! under twelve hundred and fifty miles $1,000,and
it increased those over that, with the exception of
my friend from California, (and that case will be
remedied by the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia.) Those who live at a greater distance
are not increased so much absolutely; but still,
on looking at the table, I think it Tyill be found
that the relative amount which members will
receive under tho proposed scheme is something
like what is just and equitable. It makes an
allowance in favor of those who live at a distance
far beyond any increase in the expense of travel,
but to meet a consideration, which is a fair and
just one, that members who live so far from the
seat of" Government cannot return to their homes
or attend to their business. I think now it will
be found that some members receive more than
double as much as others; but still, taken as a
whole, if any member will examine the list, I
think lie will find, if he takes into consideration
the question of distance, this scheme operates
tolerably fairly. Perhaps no scheme could operate
more so.
As to the other question, whether itwould not
be better to allow more, I shall not enter into it.
It struck us as being probably the best practica-
ble arrangement that could bo made with refer-
ence to existing affairs. It would give members
more pay than they now receive, and under a
system which will operate rather more equally
than the present compensation. That it is per-
fect, or may not bo amended, no one will say.
In regard to the objection urged by the Senator
j from Vermont, that the per diem would operate
! better than the principle of salary, I can only say
' that, so far as I was able to consult members,
the contrary opinion generally prevailed. They
seemed to think it would be better to give a sal-
ary.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I aminelined to sup-
! port this measure; but I would prefer very much
if it were limited. I consider it important as an
I experiment, and I should like very orach, to see
