472
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Policy of the Republican Party—Mr. Perry.
Ho. of Reps.
w«  not only bound by a solemn act, but there
was an implied pledge of honor, incidentally con-
nected with the act, of which the parties could not
direst themselves.
2. The South received the consideration coming
to them paid in hand. The contract was rati-
fied; and, with the ratification, Missouri was
admitted. This repudiation is the more insulting
to the North, from the fact that, just as soon as
the consideration assigned her in this compact
become of any Talus to her, she was cheated oilt
of it. Good faith, fair play, and honest dealings,
all require the restoration of the contract.
3. This compact was abrogated under false
tenses, and in its practical operation was a
iraud upon the people. This will appear for two
reasons:
First. At the time the Kansas-Nebraska bill ,
•was under consideration, it was declared over and
over again, both in and out of Congress, that
slavery never would go into any part of these
Territories. This pretext was used as an argu-
ment to quiet the excited feelings of the people, :
and reconcile them to the outrage. Charity would
leave us to presume that no member of Congress
would make such an assumption and send it to
the country, unless he believed it. If so, no
greater mistake could have been made. An hon- ;
orable Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. i
Hale,] in a recent speech in the Senate, which '
has since been published, says, that in looking >
over the debates in the Senate upon the Nebraska I
bill, he finds such opinions were expressed by
Mr. Pettit, of Indiana; Mr. Hunter, of Virginia;
Mr. Toucey, of Connecticut; Mr. Thomson, of
New Jersey; Mr. Brodhead, of Pennsylvania;
Mr. Badger, of North Carolina; Mr. Everett, of
Massachusetts; Mr. Douglas, of Illinois; Mr.
Dixon, of Kentucky; Mr. Jones, of Tennessee;
and General Cass, of Michigan. i
In the House, the advocates of the bill gene- '
rally said the same things. These declarations
were sent all over the country, and had their effect.
They were retailed out with great gusto by all
the office-holders of the Administration, from the
highest in grade and employment to the four
and six penny postmasters and tide-waiters, j
The barrier of freedom was Btricken down; and !
what then become of all their pompous assump-
Slaveholders went into Kansas, carrying with 1
them their slaves. The first Legislature elected
under the organic law of the Territory, by slave- j
holders and " border ruffians"—a Legislature,
the laws of which the friends of the Administra-
tion say are legal and binding—laws which the
President has threatened to enforce at the mouth
of the cannon and the point of the bayonet, enacted
and placed upon the statute-book of the Territory
a law, declaring—
" If  ny person print, write, introduce into, or publish,
or circulate, or cause to be brought into, printed, written,
published, or circulated, or shall knowingly aid or assist in
bringing into, printing, publishing, or circulating, within
this Territory, any book, paper, pamphlet, magazine, band-
bill, or circular, containing any statements, arguments,
opinion, sentiment, doctrine, advice, or inuendo, calculated
to produce a disorderly, dangerous, or rebellious disaffection
among the slaves of this Territory, or to induce such slaves
to escape from the service of their masters, or to resist their
authority, lie shall be guilty of a felony, and be punished by
imprisonment at bard labor, for a term not less than five ;
years."
Here is another section of this barbarous stat-
ute:
" If any free person, by speaking or writing, assert or
maintain that persons have not the right to hold slaves in
tMs lemUHy, or shall introduce into this Territory, print,
pnblisn, write, circulate, or cause to be introduced into this
Territory, written, printed, published, or circulated, in this
erntojy, any book, paper, magazine, pamphlet, or cir-
cular, containing any denial of the right of pcTsonB to hold
snvesiii this Territory, such person shall be deemed guilty
at felony, and punished by imprisonment at turd labor tor i
a term apt less than two years." j
fa the "Squatter Sovereign," a newspaper ',
published at Atchison, in Kansas Territory, by
Stringfellow & Kelly, and which is receiving the
patronage of President Pierce and his Adminis-
tration, under date of February 19, 1856,1 find
the following advertisement:
"Fob SUle—A very likely Negro Girl ten years old.
Apply at this office. Feb. 18, '56. 50 4w"
We prove here by one of the Administration
organs—which > by the way, lauds Pierce and the
Democratic party to the skies—that slavery not
only exists de facto in Kansas, but that little negro
girls are publicly advertised and sold in that Ter-
ritory.
I will give one more specimen of the barbarous
code of the " border ruffian" Legislature, which
is designed to corrupt the very fountains of justice
and establish and perpetuate slavery in this Ter-
ritory :
" No person who is conscientiously opposed to holding
i or w^° does not admit the right to hold slaves in
■ this Territory, shall sit as a juror on the trial of any prose-
cution for any violation of any of the sections of this act."
Thus facts prove that the argument that, on
account of soil, climate, or other reason, slavery
would not go into Kansas in conseque nee of the
repeal ot the Missouri compromise, was all a de-
lusion; so far as it had ail influence, it every-
where deceived and cheated the people.
Another reason ureed with great vehemence by
the advocates of the Nebraska bill in favor of the
measure, was this; that it would " establish the doc-
trine of popular sovereignty," and give the people of
the Territories the right to form and regulate their
own domestic institutions. I have now no time ,
to go into an extended argument to showthe utter
fallacy of this specious pretense, this false light,
held out to blind, bewilder, and cheat the people
into the support of a measure abhorrent to all
i their better feelings.
But I will call the attention of the committee to
one or two facts, which go to prove, beyond all
controversy, that the friends of the bill, while
they declared when the same was under consider-
ation, that the bill would confer upon the people
of the Territories the right to legislate upon the
question of slavery in the same, meant no such thing;
they were looking one way and rowing another;
that while they were pretending to confer certain
rights, they were forcing a bill through Congress,
the veiy object of which was to deprive them of
any such power.
Now to the proof. When the Kansas bill was
under consideration in the House, an honorable '
, member from Indiana [Mr. Mace} offered the i
I following amendment: 1
" And the Legislature of said Territory is hereby clothed
with full power, at any session thereof, to establish or pro-
hibit slavery."
This amendment was rejected—ayes 76, noes
94. (Cong. Globe, vol. 28, part 2, p. 1238.)
Another amendment to said bill was offered by
one of my honorable colleagues, Mr. Fuller,
which reads as follows:
" And the Territorial Legislature shall have power to
establish or exclude slavery, as to them shall seem proper."
In offering this amendment, my honorable col-
league said:
" This bill has been advocated at the North solely upon
the ground that itgives the people of the Territory trie right
to legislate for themselves upon the subject of slavery while
in a territorial state. I declare myself here to be the friend
and advocate of that doctrine; and it is because this bill does
not establish this great American principle, and vindicate
this doctrine, that I am opposed to it in its present state.
Now, sir, I wash my hands of any attempt to deceive them
upon this vital point in the bill. My constituents shall not
be deceived by me."— Cong. Globe, vol. 38, part 2, p. 1239.
My honorable colleague put the only reason-
able, legal construction upon said bill that it
would bear. This amendment, too, was voted
down.
In further proof of the position 1 am now
considering, I will cite the thirty-second section
of the " act to organize Kansas and Nebraska."
The phraseology of this section is peculiar. It
was artfully drawn; and, while it pretends one
thing, meant quite another. It first undertakes to
extend the " Constitution " over the Territory by
declaring that— '
"The Constitution, and all laws of the United States
which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the same
force and effect in said Territory of Kansas as elsewhere
in the United States, excepting the act preparatory to the
admission of Missouri into the Union." j
Who ever before heard of such a monstrous
absurdity? Congress, who derive all their power
to act/rom the Constitution, here undertake to .!
extend this great fundamental law of the land i
over a Territory within the jurisdiction of the
United States. WTien did ever a Congress under- '
take before to legislate the Constitution into a Ter- j
ritory? Never, sir; never. No such provision j
was eve* contained ill any previous act organiz- 1
ing a Territory: hence,by fairreasoning,Oregon,
| Washington, Utah, New Mexico, and Minnesota,
i are all left without the protection of the Constitu-
; tion; and Congress can have 110 jurisdiction over
1 them, for the reason that that branch of the Gen-
eral Government derives all its power to legislate
from the Constitution; and the only legitimate
conclusion which follows is, that these Territo-
ries are each now so many indejiendent sovereign-
ties, owing allegiance to no power but themselves.
After declaring the Missouri compromise " in-
operative and void," the same section goes onto
j say:
J "It being the true intent and meaning of this act, nut
; to legislate slavery into any Territoiy or State, irr toexelude
' it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free
to form and regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, subject o.ity to the Constitution of the United States
The deception lies in this—that, while this act
professes to make a certain grant of power to the
people of the Territories, it contains a proviso
i which, according to the southern sectional con-
struction given it by the Democratic party, en-
tirely takes it away.
j The argument to this: The Constitution is the
I great fundamental law of the United States.
| To make the fraud less perceptible, by a sort
of extra-judicial legislation the Constitution is
| extended over the Territory. The grant of power
here is made " subject to the Constitution," which
j is another piece of extra-judicial legislation. Then
! follow out the southern construction—that the
"Constitution allows slaveholders to carry their
slaves into the Territories, and there protects them in
thai kind of property," and you have the whole
thing in a nutshell. Of course the people of a
Territory cannot make a law contravening the
Constitution. Thus it is plain that the act was
intended, not to give " popular sovereignty," but
to take it away; and, by a forced construction of
the Constitution, legislate slavery into the Territory
of Kansas. In order to show that I am treating
this matter fairly, and do not misrepresent our
Democratic friends, I will read from remarks of
, an honorable member from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
J. Glancy Jones,] made in answer to certain
interrogatories propounded to him by an honor-
able gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Cox,] prior
i to the organization of the House. From the
acknowledged talents and high standing of the
j honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania—from
! the fact that he was the author of die resolutions
j adopted by thefirstDemocraticcaucusof members
of the House, and is a distinguished leader of
that party—I feel justified in drawing the infer-
ence that he truly reflects the opinions of that
party.
In answer to certain questions propounded by
the gentleman from Kentucky, as to the legality
of the territorial laws of Kansas, he said:
" In my opinion, the Constitution limits the power of Con-
gress to the extent of prohibiting them either from establish-
ing or abolishing slavery in the Territories. Admitting that
1 view to be correct, I suppose it follows, as a matter of
course, that the Constitution of the United States confers
upon the people of the Terrfpory no light to dispossess any
man of his right to property, whether it be slave Or any
; other property. And therefore, the Legislative Council of a
] Territory, though they may pass laws regulating the'dis-
i posal and protection of property, have no right to so admin-
ister those laws as to establish or abolish the right to hold
that property."
Another honorable member, ex-Governor Smith,
of Virginia, in the same debate, said:
" If I had supposed there was any one opinion more uni-
versal than any other in the South, it was the opinion that
a territorial government, While it remained in a state of
infancy, has no power either to admit or to prohibit slavery
within its limits. I say that this Congress, this Government,
having no right or power whatever to admit slavery or pro-
hibit it in the Territories, has no right or power to delegate
that power to the Territories themselves."
A distinguished Senator from Mississippi, (ex-
Governor Brown,) a few days since, in a speech
in the Senate, said:
" It will be seen at once that the line of argument which
I have marked out for myself will lead me to consider, to
some extent, the doctrine of ' squatter sovereignty.' This
doctrine, however well designed by its authors, has, in my
judgment, been the fruitful source of half our troubles.
Before the people of the two'sections of the Union having
—as they supposed, though I think erroneously—hostile
interest, and already inflamed by angry passions, wore in-
vited into the country, we, who gave them laws, should
have defined clearly and distinctly what were to be their
rights after they got there. Nothing should have been left to
construction. J believed, when the Kansas bill was passed,
that it conferred da thfe inhabitants of tbe Territories, during
