1208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14.
rial of the Legislature of Kentucky and the peti-
tions of her citizens, investigate the subject, come
to the conclusion that the prayer ought to be
granted, and pass a bill granting it. Suppose,
then, that I, orsome much more distinguished man
from the State of Tennessee, should come into
the Senate the next day and enter a protest in the
form of a memorial, and ask Congress to reverse
its decision,because I, living in Tennessee, have
an interest in a railroad which I desire tcucon-
st.ruct in the State of Kentucky, and I want my
interest to be respected; I want my feelings to be-
come predominant, and the whole legislation of
the Congress of the United States to be set aside
or modified to suit my particular views—now, I
ask my very distinguished friend from Kentucky,
what would be his feelings towards me on that
occasion"Why, sir, if sueh a petition came here
under those circumstances, I know how it would
be received by him. It would be met by just
sueh an indignant shake of the head as he atone
of all men on earth could give; and, sir, when he
came to meet it—when he came to contest it, he
would not speak fifteen minutes with the tre-
mendous torrent of invective and denunciation
which he could so well employ, against the out-
rage attempted to be perpetrated upon his con-
stituents and the dignity of his State, until, in
sheer protection for myself, I should call upon
the mountains and rocks to fall upon me, and to
hide me from his indignant contempt. That is
just the way, I am sure, in which the distin-
guished Senator from Kentucky would treat me
under circumstances of this kind.
But, Mr. President, that is not the point which I
wish to make. I do not hold that Mr. Schenck has
any right to complain of any injustice done to him.
WJiat wrong has he suffered ? Assuming that
he may, without any violation of the principles
of modesty, comc here protesting against the
action of Congress, upon what ground of jus-
tice will he predicate his demands for a hearing ?
I ask how is he or his road affected by this legis-
tion ? To take up his memorial and look at it,
one would suppose that the rights of that road
were to be sacrificed and obliterated. Not at all.
I do not hold tliatany of these roads lias an in-
disputable right over any other, or that it has
inalienable rights which are not to be encroached
upon by others. _ The company represented by
Mr. Schenck, it is said, have secured a charter
from the Legislature of Iowa to build a road.
Upon what ground? Upon the ground that they
want to build it, and have the ability to build it.
Then let them build it. But they want public
lands, und he says they expected to get them. If
they fail to get public lands, the argument is, that
ho is not willing that other roads should get them,
illustrating the fable—I do not use the illustration
in an offensive sense to him—of the dog in the
manger, who could not cat the hay, and would
not permit the ox to eat it. He has obtained no
land for his road, and probably can get none for it,
and he is, therefore, protesting against land being
granted for the other roads.
But more than that; I maintain that he has no
right to complain in any sense -whatever. There
is no such contiguity between these roads as jus-
tifies any complaint. How far is his contemplated
road from the one nearest to it which is provided
for in the bill? I have examined the mop, and
from the best information which I can get, not
only from that but from other sources, I find the
truth to be that, from the Burlington road to that
of Mr. Schenck, the distance is between thirty
and forty miles; and from Mr. Schenek's to the
Davenport road the distance is forty miles. Then
his road is between thirty and forty miles from
any other. Will any one here pretend to say
that it is the policy, either of this Government or
of the States, to limit the construction of roads to
a distance of lorty or fifty miles apart? In my
State it was attempted, but no one ever dared to
fix the limit beyond twenty miles; and even to
that limited extent experience has demonstrated
the folly and uselessness of such restrictions. If
roads are necessary, they will be made even at
distances much less than twenty miles apart. Here
Mr. .Schenck ;s road is about forty miles from the
nearest one provided for in the bill. Then, why
should he object to having land granted to these
oilier roads? ^
Tf he thinks that his road is entitled to a grant
of land, why does ho not come here with a peti-
tion front the Legislature of Iowa, or from citi-
zens of Iowa, and ask the Congress of the United
States to grant him alternate sections of land ?
If he will do that, I shall give his application a
respectful consideration; and if I become satisfied
that it is right and pr&per, and that the interest
of the Government will be promoted by it, I shall
vote to give to his road alternate sections; but 1
am not willing to do it on the pretext before us,
because it is calculated—whether so intended or
not—to defeat the passage of this bill, which has
been struggled for through adverse circumstances,
as you know, sir, during the last six or eight
years.
But, further, Mr. President, I find that the ex-
treme southern road named in this bill has a direct
connection with a railroad already completed
through the State of Illinois, and finished up to
that point. There is no conjecture about it; the
road is actually constructed. Then we come to
the road commencing at Davenport. There is a
road finished "within twenty-five or thirty miles
of that point, running m a direct line to it. Then
you comc to the lines of road at Dubuque, and
there you find two roads from Chicago passing
through that extended region of country of the
utmost productiveness. Thus, it will be per-
ceived that all the roads provided for in this bill
connect with other works east of them. There
is a manifest propriety and necessity—there is
good sense and policy in the United States grant-
ing alternate sections #of land to these roads.
These facts show that the grant is not for roads
beginning nowhere and ending nowhere.
Now, I desire to know with what road docs the
one proposed by Mr. Schenck connect ? Is there
any road built from any point, connecting -with
his ? I have the map before me,and I find a dotted
line to indicate Mr. Schenck's road, showing that
it is merely a projected road, not constructed.
There is no guarantee that it ever can, or ever will,
be constructed. Itis a continuation of an air-line
fantasy, whereby it is expected to build the road
and make connections ultimately with other rail-
ways.
Then I maintain that on every principle of safety
and justice, the Congress of the United States has
done right in making grants of land for the roads
provided for in the bill, forming a connection with
lines of railway, through a vast extent of country,
passing through many States. It is in that view
that I think the Senate of the United States ought
not for a single moment to entertain the idea of
granting a rehearing of this question. As we
have passed this bill, let it stand.
Let Mr. Schenck come here with his represent-
ations, petitions, and memorials; and let us give
them a fair, candid, impartial, and honest investi-
gation. Then, if it turns out that those whom he
represents are entitled to a grant of land, I shall
be ready to vote it; but I will not embarrass this
bill, or endanger its passage by putting on any
such amendment.
Mr, FOOT. Mr. President, I shall be content
with a very brief statement of facts which I think
have a material bearing on the question now
before the Senate. The motion is, to reconsider
the vote by which the House bill, making grants
of alternate sections of land for the construction
of four roads through the State of Iowa, as indi-
cated in that bill, was passed on Friday last. I
shall vote for the reconsideration, not with any
hostile intent towards the measure; not with any
view to defeat a fair, and just, and liberal appro-
priation of public lands, in order to aid Iowa in
the construction of her railroads; but I think
enough has already been disclosed, iu the brief
discussion which has been had upon the motion
for reconsideration, to show its necessity. Abund-
ant reason has already been disclosed why this
bill should undergo the consideration and careful
examination of a standing committee of this
body, in order to reconcile the various conflicting
statements which have been made on this floor—
with a view, if possible, to reconcile any conflict-
ing interests which may exist in respect to the
•various grants of land proposed to be made for
railroads in that State.
What does the bill which we passed in such
hot haste on Friday last, and which had never
been discussed or considered in either House of
Congress, propose ? I say, and will show in a
short time, that it is a new bill entirely—one
which has never before been presented to the
consideration of either House of Congress—one
which has never been presented to the consider-
ation of any committee of either House of Con-
gress—one which was never recommended by
the Legislature of Iowa. That I will show be-
yond question or controversy.
"What is the hill that was before us, a motion
to reconsidcr the passage of which is now under
consideration? Why, sir, it presents us with
the startling, not to say preposterous, proposi-
tion, on the very face of it, to aid, by the bounty
of the Government, in the construction of four
parallel lines of railroad through the whole length,
east and west, of the State of Iowa. The whole
length of that State, east and west, is about three
hundred miles. The breadth of the State is two
hundred miles—I think the geography says ex-
actly two hundred and eight miles. Is not that
rather a liberal proposition, which proposes to
construct four parallel roads, of three hundred
miles length each, within the limits of a single
State ? The distance from the northern to the
southern road, as indicated in this bill, is not
over one hundred miles. The proposition, then,
is to build four parallel lines of road through this
State within a breadth of about one hundred
miles. To me, sir, it seems not only a startling
proposition, but a most wild and chimerical un-
dertaking.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do I understand
the Senator to say that it is but one hundred
miles from Dubuque to Burlington ?
Mr. FOOT. 1 do not compute the distance by
the river, which is very much more (by the de-
tours necessary in consequence of the windings
in the river) than the average distance between
the different lines as they run through the length
of the State.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to get at
the facts. The map before me shows a very dif-
ferent state of things.
Mr. FOOT. I do not question the accuracy
of the honorable Senator's statement of the dis-
tance between Burlington and the point at which
the air-line road crosses the river between Bur-
lington and Davenport. I presume the distance
as to these places is stated correctly; but that is
no indication of the average distance of these
several roads, one from the other, through their
entire length. I will state here that, from the map
before me, from the General Land Office, it ap-
pears that the two southern lines indicated in this
bill are so near together that, in taking alternate
sections of the public land within the range of
fifteen miles, they lap one upon the other almost
the entire distance. That fact I show you from
the map now before me from the Land Office.
That, of course, shows them to be within thirty
miles of each other. In taking the alternate sec-
tions within the range of fifteen miles, they will
lap one upon the other, and entirely shut out this
American Central railroad, as it is designated in
general terms. This is one of the obvious ob-
jections to this bill. It infringes upon, and im-
pairs, if it does not utterly destroy, the rights of
other parties, and who are entitled to your pro-
tection. At any rate, they have a right to invoke
the good faith of the Government to protect their
interests against any such invasion under the
sanction of its own acts.
Now, in the first place, I have to say that it is
a wild and chimerical scheme to attempt to con-
struct four parallel roads within one hundred miles
in any State, and above all in a new and com-
paratively unsettled State. I undertake to say
these roads cannot be built even with the bonus
by the Government of these alternate sections of
public lands; and if they could be built, what
would they be worth? They would be utterly
bankrupt and worthless—ruinous to the stock-
holders and even to the bondholders. There afe
no two parallel roads in the most thickly settled#
most populous, and most wealthy sections of the
country,within the range oftwenty-five, or thirty,
or forty miles, that pay a dividend; and many of
them do not even pay the interest on their bonds.
How are four roads to be sustained within this
breadth of one hundred miles? They could not
be sustained at all, sir. I say then, if we were
to consult the interest of Iowa alone, wc should
make her a bonus for the construction of no more
than two roads, at the outside. Perhaps two
roads might be constructed with advantage to
the State, and without/uin to tho stockholders,
