1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
478
34th Cong.—1st Sess.
Policy of the Republican Party—Mr. Perry.
Ho. or Reps,
their tenitonal exigence, "• right to exclude, or in any-
wim to iun-nrre with, * * * I
■■ IVn kw «> * certain undefined idea in the
Bunds of some men U>at the sovereignty of a Territory is
inherent n ilie people ol" a Terntorj; that it come to them
ironi oa Iier^—a sort of political manna, descended from
heaven on these children ol 111# fjieai. This doctrine, I
coo.'Vss, is a hitle too eiherenl for me; I d > not comprehend
it; but ilus 1 know—if the sovereignty is in the people of
the Territory, whether they obtained it Prom God or men,
the coatftirtaf Uu) Government towards them is most
extraordinary. It h nothing short of downright usurpation
and despotism. We have now seven Governors appointed
by ihe President, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, lo *oven> the seven Territorial of the United States.
We ban seven ditterent sets of territorial judges, appointed
in the same way, to expound the laws fur the seven Tern- ,
tones. * We have marshal* to arrest, and district attorneys
to prosecute, the inhabitants of these torrrri^nlin in tiieir
own country. We require the Territories to legislate in
obedience to our acts; and, lest they may go astray, we some-
times oblige them {o send up their laws for our approval. It
has happened, tune and time again, that their legislation haa
Mien under the disapprobation of Congress, and thereby
become void. What a mockery to disclaim the sovereignty
yourselves, declare that it is in the people of the Territory,
and then send a governor to rule them, judges to expound
their law*, marvhuls to arrest, and district attorneys to pros-
ecute them ; and. Anally, to require these sovereigns to send
up their laws for your sanction ; and then, by your disap-
proval, to render them null!"
The Richmond Enquirer, (Virginia,) a leading-
Democratic paper, recently contained an elaborate
article, from which I make the following extract: |
« We mart, in Ike Cincinnati platform,rowdiafe  fMatter :
srerrifnty, mud r-rprtsiiy assert Stale tfWMJf. We must
declare that it is the duty of the General Government to see
thai m wvkboaa or injurious distinctions are made between
the people or the property of different sectioas in the Ter-
ritories- We do IKK mean to dictate. It may be that the
assertion in the platlonii of the abstract proposition of State
equality may suffice to carry along with it the consequences
which we desire. But it is often charged that the Kansas-
Nebraska bill contains the doctrine of squatter sovereignty,
and that squatter sovereignty is the mo*t efficient agent of
Free-Soilism. Pome [all] northern Democrats hare maiit-
tminrd Hum ;mri Now, ma aim most bk spiked. It
bum appear from out platform that we maintain practical
State equality, and repudiate that construction of the Kan-
•as-Vebntska act which would defeat it."
The doctrine that the Constitution carries sla-
very into the Territories, and there legalizes and
protects it, and that the people of tLe Territories
nave no right under the Constitution to legislate
upon the subject, except to "regulate" it, was,
at the time of the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, and now is, the doctrine of the friends of that
measure.
Then I ask, sir, what becomes of your siren
song of "squmtter sovereignty," and the right
fiven to the people of the Territories by the Ne-
raska bill " to form their own domestic institu-
tions?" It is all a baseless humbug, an outrage-
ous imposition, whose light only
" Leads to bewilder, and
Daisies to blind."
There is one more very important reason why
the Missouri compromise should be restored. It
is to protect the people of Kansas in the enjoyment
of their constitutional rights. As we have already
remarked, the Kansas-Nebraska bill was advo-
cated on the ground that it would confer powers,
rights, and privileges, upon the people of Kansas,
not enjoyed by the people of other Territories
under their organic acts. Now, what haa been
its practical operation ? I have now no time to j
answer this question in detail. Instead of en-
joying the extraordinary rights promised by the
Kansas-Nebraska act, the people of that Terri-
tory have been hunted down like wild beasts—
been waylaid and butchered in the streets; they
have been lynched and mobbed; their houses
sacked and burned to the ground; their printing
Sresses thrown into the rivers; their property
estroyed; and almost every indignity which the
wickedness of men or devils coula invent, show-
ered down upon their devoted heads.
The Territory has been invaded by armed
mobs, who have spread themselves into every
settlement; the peaceful settlers have been forced
to surrender their ballot-boxes at the point of the
bayonet, and then driven from the polls. In
order to show the kind of spirit which actuated
these invaders, I read the following extract from
the Kickapoo Pioneer, a paper which supports
this Administration, and receives its patronage:
" The South must be Hp and doing; Kansas mast and
shall be a slave Stale. Ma.'k what we say, southern
freemen! Come along with your negroes, and plow up
every inch of ground that is at this moment disgraced and
defaced by aq Abolition plow. Bead the sootmdreh back
to WMtan they earns, or send titttn to ben, it raatttn not
which destination 5 suit your own convenience. Sound
the bugle of war over the length and breadth of the land,
and leave not an Abolitionist in the Territory to relate
their treacherous and contaminating deeds. Strike your
piercing nfle-balls and your glittering steel to their black and ,
poisonous hearts; let the war-cry never cease in Kansas
again, until our Territory is divested of the last vestige of
Abolitionism."
Sir, the "Constitution of the United States has
been legislated into Kansas," and the people given
" popular sovereignty;" and this is the kind of
protection it has afforded them. All the protec-
tion the National Administration has afforded
these hardy pioneers has been the protection the
" wolf affords the lamb," by removing Governor
Reeder and sending out Wilson Shannon to en-
force the bogus laws of a border-ruffian Legisla-
ture. There never will be any permanent peace
in Kansas until the ouestion of freedom or slavery
is settled, either by the restoration of the Missouri
compromise, or her admission into the Union as
a free State, which is substantially the same
thing.
I now pause to inquire, Is there anything
sectional on the part of the Republican party, in
their constitutional attempts to restore the na-
tional honor, and protect the people of Kansas in
the peaceful enjoyments of their civil rights ? If
there is, make the most of it.
The second general proposition I now desire
to discuss, is the " Sechonality qf the Democratic
party." In pursuing this investigation I intend
to speak respectfully, but plainly. There are
many reminiscences still lingering about the old
Democratic party of a pleasant character. It was
once a great and powerful party. It was the
party originally founded by Jefferson; and as we
travel from its organization down the stream of
time, we find in its front ranks some of the greatest
and best men that ever honored and graced our
country. It was once a party proudly standing
upon a platform of national principles, around
which the patriotic of every section, North and
South, could consistently rally. But " how have
the mighty fallen," and the "fine gold become
dim!" Where stands the so-called Democratic
party of the present day ? Has it not changed
fronts; abandoned its ola landmarks; denied the
faith, and gone over to sectionalism? These
questions I now propose to discuss.
Slavery can in no just sense be termed a na-
tional institution. We have already shown that
the founders of the Republic did not so consider
it. Both the Constitution and the early legis-
lation of the country clearly indicate the fact,
that Washington, and Jefferson, and Madison,
and their cotemporaries, looked forward to the
ultimate extinction of this evil at an early day.
The framers of the Constitution left slavery where
they found it—with the States—a municipal regu-
lation, subject entirely to their jurisdiction and
control. Being left to the States, it became of
necessity sectional. Beyond the jurisdiction of
the States where it exists, it has no legal protec-
tion. Again, slavery is an unnatural right, and
can only exist by virtue of the local laws if the
States.
This question has been so decided by our judi-
cial courts, North and South, over and over again.
But in order to put this matter beyond all doubt,
I will cite two or three authorities from the
decisions of courts in slave States.
In the case of the State of Mississippi vs. Isaac
Jones, the Court decided that—
" The right of the master exists not by force of the law
of nature, or of nations, bat by virtue only ot the potitive
law of IAe Stale."—Walker'  Reports, 86.
In another case in the same State, the Court
say:
" Slavery is condemned by reason and the laws of nature.
It exists, and can onlyexist, through municipal regulation."
—Hary vs. Decker; Walker's Reports, 42.
The next authority which I read is from 2
Marten's Louisiana Reports, 403, 403:
" The relation of owner and slave is, in the States of
this Union in which it hall a legal existence, a creature of
municipal law."
I will cite one other authority to this point out
of the many that are found in the Reports. I
read from the case of Rankin vs. Lydia, 2 Mar-
shall's Kentucky Reports, in which the Court
say:
" Slavery is sanctioned by the laws of this State. (Ken-
tucky) and the right to bold them uader our usifcyatwf-
ulations is unquestionable. But wo view tliis as a right
existing by positive law of a municipal character, without
foundation in the law of nature, or the unwritten and com-
mon law."
Chattel slavery has no existence except in one
jeelionol'thecountry; therefore,any political party
which favors slavery, or in any way lends its
influence to spread it, favors one section of the
country at the expense of the other, and is most
emphatically a sectional party. A party whose
leading object is to favor the " peculiar institu-
tions of the South, can have no element of na-
tionality about it.
I have already remarked that the Democratic
party was once a national part jr. The leading men
of the party, until within a tew years, held that
Congress had constitutional power to prohibit
slavery in the Territories, and that it is expedient
to exercise this power. I have already spoken
of the position of leading Democrats in the early
history of the country. So well settled was this
principle, that when the Wilmot proviso was first
introduced into Congress in 1847,only two Dem-
ocratic members from the free States voted against
it. Among those who voted for it, were the Hon.
Robert McClelland, now Secretary of the Interior;
Senator Brodhead, of Pennsylvania; ex-Governor
Dun]ap, of Maine; and the late Senator Norris,
of New Hampshire. .The late lamented Silas
Wright, General Dix of New York, and other
leading Democrats all over the country, favored
the measure. The leading papers of the Demo-
cratic press came out for it. The Eastern Argus,
the leading Democratic paper in Maine, and the
New Hampshire Patriot, the leading Democratic
paper in New Hampshire, both took strong ground
for the proviso. More than this, a majority of the
free States of the Union passed resolutions in-
structing their Senators in Congress to go for the
i measure; and in a majority of these States the
1 Democratic party held the political control. In
1848 the following, among other Democratic mem-
bers, voted for the bill organizing the ^Territory
of Oregon'with a proviso forever prohibiting sla-
very: Messrs. Allen, of Ohio; Benton, of Mis-
souri; Bright and Breese, of Indiana; Douglas, of
Illinois; Dodge, of Wisconsin; Dix and Dicker-
son , of New York; and Houston, of Texas. (Con-
gressional Globe.)
President Pierce himself, at a meeting held at
Concord, New Hampshire, June 12, 1845, as re-
§orted in the New Hampshire Patriot, in reply to
enator Hale, said:
" He had only to say now. what he had always said, that
he regarded slavery at one V the greatest moral and social
evils-—a curse t<pon the whole country; and this he believed to
'■ be the sentiment of all men of all parties at the North. Mr.
P. was free to admit that he had himself approached this
subject of annexanon [of Texas] with all his prejudices
and prepossessions against it, and on ohe ground alone-
its suvuy feature. II16 convictions on this subject
were, as he bad stated, strong—not the result of any new
light, but deeply fixed and abiding. The only difficult*
IN HIS MIND EVER HAD BEEN THAT OF A RECOGNITION BT
ANT NEW ACT OF OUR GOVERNMENT OF THE INSTITUTION
or domestic slavery ; and he had found it extremely dif-
ficult to bring bis mind to a condition impartially to weigh
the argument for and against the measure."
In 1851, General Pierce, in the convention of
n New Hampshire for revising the Constitution,
i left the chair, made a speech which was reported
in the New Hampshire Patriot, and among other
. things said:
" 1 WOULD TAKE THE SKOUND OF THE NON-EXTENSION Of
t SLAVERY—THAT SLAVERY SHOULD NOT BECOME STRONGER.
: But Congress have only reenacted the old law of 1793.
Union-loving men, desiring peace and loving their country,
conceded that point—unwillingly conceded it—and,
planting themselves upon this law against the outbursts of
popular feeling, resisted the agitation which is assaulting
all who stand up for their country. But the gentleman says
that the law is obnoxious. What single thi.no is there
connected with slavery that is not obnoxious?
Even the oentleman from Marlborough (Dr. Batehel-
lar) cannot feel mors deeply than i do on the sub-
ject."— Videspeech of Senator Hale,February 26,1856.
New Hampshire and Maine have heretofore
been the two leading Democratic States, not only
in New England but the Union. The Democratic
party in these two States were the very last to
falter, and the last to be conquered; for they, like
General Taylor, "never surrendered.As long
ago as 1828, the county of Cumberland, in Maine,
the larger portion of which is in my district,
" solitary and alone" in all Jfeu> England, govt
her electoral vote to Andrew Jackson. For this act
of fidelity to the gallant did hero, this ettunty
