1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1209
Where you attempt to construct four roads par-
allel to each other, and within so short a distance,
no capitalists can be found blind enough, or stu-
pid enough, to invest money in either of them.
Even if they could be built, all our railroad ex-
perience in this country assures us that they
could not do a sustaining business.
It is altogether a mistake in gentlemen—and I
trust the Senate will not be misled by that state-
ment—to attribute to the Committee on Public
Lands, or any member opposing the passage of
this bill, the purpose of bringing another line of
road within the bill. There is no such purpose
011 the part of any one. The utmost that I would
propose would be to substitute one road for these
two southern lines, and I would substitute the
main line of road, in which the parties who pro-
test against the passage of this bill are interested.
That is to say, I would unite the two southern
lines of road named in the bill, with the central
air-line road, and upon terms which should equally
subserve the public interest, and do exact justice
to all the parties.
Much stress has been laid by the Senator from
Iowa, and by the Senator from Tennessee, this
morning, upon the fact assumed—not upon the
fact in reality existing, but upon the fact assumed
—that the roads provided for in the bill which
we have passed are in pursuance of the instruc-
tions of the Legislature of Iowa. That is totally
incorrect. Not one line of the four roads described
in this bill conforms to the description of the
different roads prayed for by the Legislature of j
Iowa, in her resolutions upon that subject, and 1
in her instructions to her Senators and Represent- !
atives in Congress. In the first place, I will read j
the description of the four roads proposed to be
built through the State of Iowa, and for which
they asked donations of the public lands to aid-
in their construction. The first one is described
in their memorial, which was presented to this
body on December 12,1853, in these words:
" Your memonahsts, the General Assembly of the State
of Iowa, respectfully repicsent, that the great interests of
the State of Iowa, and ot the nation at large, will bo greatly
advanced by the construction of a railroad from the city of
Burlington, and the city of Keokuk, to ^ome convenient
point of junction iioithua^t of the Des Moines nver, thence
011 the most feasible route to a point 011 the Missouri river,
at or near the mouth of Platte river.''
The description in this bill of this line of road
is:
"That there be, and is hereby, granted to the State of
Iowa, fur the purpo&c of aiding in the construction of rail-
roads from Burlington"— ~
Not from Burlington and Keokuk, according to
the terms of the resolution of the Legislature,
and the instructions to her representatives here,
but—
"From Burlington, on the Mississippi river, to a point
on the Missouri iivej,near the mouth ot the Platte nvei."
The memorial of the Legislature of Iowa asks
for donations of alternate sections of public land
for the construction of a railroad from Keokuk
and from Burlington, meeting in some common
point at some distance west, and then running
upon a common line to the Missouri river, near
the mouth of the Platte river; thus varying from
the instruction of the Legislature, and from what
that Legislature has asked of Congress in that
particular.
There is a more glaring disparity between the
second road, as described in the bill, and that
which is asked for by the Legislature of Iowa.
The second road is the next north of this air-line
central road. I ask the particular attention of
Senators to the description in the bill which we
have passed, and which was said by Senators the
other day to be in conformity with the instruc-
tions of the Legislature of Iowa. It is as fol-
lows:
uFiom the city of Davenport, via Iowa City and Fort
Bps Moines, to Council Bluffs."
That is the line of road described in the bill
which we have passed. What did the Legisla-
ture of Iowa ask for ? What did they instruct
their Senators and Representatives to insist upon?
I will read from then* memorial:
" That for several >eais the people of this Slate have peti-
tioned y oui honoKibie body toi a giant ot land to aid in the
construction of a railroad irom Davenpoit*3—
Beginning at the same point as that in the bill
does—
''in Scott county, by the way of Muscatine, in Muscatine
county, to some point at 01 near Council Bluff?, on the
Missouri river**' «
Now let me point out the difference on the map
between thisroad,as indicated in the bill, and that
asked for by the Legislature of Iowa. When
gentlemen lay so much stress upon the propriety
of our adhering to the instructions and memorials
of the State of Iowa, and of granting what she
asks, and in the manner she asks it, let us see
how near we have conformed, in our action in the
passage of that bill, to her request. The road
described in the bill begins at Davenport; and,
according to the description of the bill, runs to
Iowa City and Fort Des Moines, and thence to
Council Bluffs. That is the line of road as de-
scribed in the bill which wc have passed, starting
from Davenport and running to Council Bluffs—
beginning and ending at the same point as re-
quested by the Iowa Legislature, and for which
her Senators are instructed to ask grants of land.
But instead of running to Iowa City, the Legis-
lature asked for a road running down to Musca-
tine, and from that point towards Washington,
on this line as indicated by the map, to Council
Bluffs, and from some point near Washington to
the Missouri river, thus running along the iden-
tical line now covered by the American Central
road, upon which we have infringed, and which
we have utterly crowded out by the bill which
we have passed.
We are asking you, then, to conform in your
action to the request and instructions of the Legis-
lature of Iowa, so far forth as to run the line of
this road 011 the route of th? road now called the
American Central line, in pursuance of the very
instructions of the Legislature which you are pro-
fessing to obey. If you follow the instructions
I of the Legislature—if you are obedient to these
i instructions—you will adopt, in the main, almost
« the entire length of this line which constitutes
1 the western portion of this Central road.
I Again: the bill which we have passed provides
| for the construction of a road from Lyons, as
i indicated by a pencil mark on the map before me,
| to the Missouri river. No instructions from the
| Legislature of Iowa — no resolutions from her
. Legislature—no action of her Legislature—and no
i bill ever before presented to Congress—embraced
| that road, or any part of it. This is almost
entirely a new bill. It has never been presented
to the consideration of a committee of either
House of Congress. It has never been considered
and discussed atlength before its passage in either
House; for this bill, let me say here, passed the
House without debate or explanation, under the
previous question. It was not originally reported
from the committee. Another and an entirely
different bill came from the committee. The bill
which passed the House and came to us, was
moved as a substitute for that bill; the previous
question was sprung upon it, and it passed with-
out discussion. I know of many votes which
were given for it under an entire misapprehension
of its character. I have been told so bymembers
themselves of the Houseof Representatives.
Again, the fourth road, as described in the bill
which wc have passed, runs from Dubuque, on
the Mississippi river, in a direction towards the
northwestern part of the State, to a point on the
Missouri river near Sioux City. Have the Legis-
lature of Iowa ever asked for any such road as
that ? Never. The Senator from Iowa has never
been called upon by his Legislature to ask of
Congress alternate sections of public lands for the
construction of any such road. Let me read the
description of this road in the bill which we have
passed:
<•' From the city of Dubuque to a point on the Missouri
river near Sioux City."
There is no controversy but that the upper line
011 the map before me indicates the direction of
that road, according to the description of the bill.
What have the Legislature of Iowa asked for?
I invite special attention to this point. I read a
resolution of the Legislature of Iowa which was
presented here, and ordered to be printed, Decern*
ber 12th, 1853, which is in these words:
<c That our Senators in Congress be instructed, and our
Representatives requested, to use their be>t exertions to
procure a grant of land from the Genera! Government to aid
in the construction of a uiilroad from McGregor's Landing,
m Clajton county, on the Mississippi river, to the Mi-souri
nvev at or near the mouth of the Big Sioux river, in this
State."
Where is the lino of road prayed for by that res-
olution? Not from Dubuque, but from McGre-
gor's landings which is far up abo've Dubuque, on
the Mississippi river, and above the mouth of the
Wisconsin river, running off westwardly to Sioux
City. This line would indicate it, [pointing it
out on the map.] The Legislature did memorial-
ize Congress for an appropriation of land, to aid
in the construction of a road from Dubuque—to
what point? To Sioux City 9 No. To the mouth
of Platte river? No. To any of those pointa
above Council Bluffs? No. But to a place called
KanesvtUe. Where is Kanesville ? I will ask the
Senator from Iowa where Kanesville is. I do not
find it indicated on the map.
Mr. HARLAN. Council Bluffs and Kanes-
ville are the same thing.
Mr. FOOT. So I supposed. This is the me-
morial of the Legislature:
"Your memorialists would, therefore, respectfully ask
of your honorable body anappiopnation of land in alternate
sections, equal to six sections per mile, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Dubuque, on the Mississippi
river, to a point on the Missouri livpr, at or near Kanesville,
in the county of Potawatomie, by the way of Fort Des
Moines."
The road, then, for which the Legislature of
Iowa have asked aid, starting from Dubuque,
instead of running to Sioux City, as the road does
provided for in the bill which we have passed;
was to run from Dubuque, in a southwesterly
direction, to Fort Dps Moines,and thence to Coun-
cil Bluffs, called in the memorial Kanesville. That
is the road prayed for by the Legislature of Iowa-.
The road for which we have granted land in the
bill, and which Senators say and urge upon us as
an argument for its passage, as being in accord-
ance with the wishes and prayer of the Legisla-
ture, runs in an entirely different direction. The
road laid down in the bill forms no part of the
road which the State asked for, starting from
Dubuque. Instead of running down to Council
Bluffs, it runs up to Sioux City, and through a
section of country where vacant lands are more
abundant.
Senators, I put the question to you all, is not
this a case, at least, proper for an investigation
by a committee of your body5 Are you quite
certain that you have conformed your action to
the wishes of the Legislature of Iowa, as ex-
pressed through her memorials and resolutions?
Are you certain that you have not infringed upon
other and vested rights? You would do no such
thing as that knowingly and fittingly. If you
have done it, you have done it by an act of hasty
and inconsiderate legislation. If you are satisfied
of this, 1 doubt not you will reconsider your ac-
tion. We are not asking for an additional road
to the four already provided for in the bill. We
aie not asking you to disregard the expressed
wishes of the Legislature of Iowa, but we rather
ask you to conform to their wishes, as they have
expressed them in the memorials which I have
read to you. We are not asking you to enlarge
the number of roads in Iowa, as some gentlemen
have studiously asserted all through this discus-
sion; but, on the contrary, we are asking you
to reduce the number designated in the bill by
uniting, at least, two of them, together with the
air-line road, in one common trunk line.
I have shown that you have departed essentially,
in respect to every line of these roads, from the
instructions of the Legislature for whose voice
you profess so much respect. I have shown you,
and the map before me from the Land Office will
show you, that the two southern roads, one start-
ing from Burlington, and the other from Daven-
port, lap one upon the other, and supplant this
great American Central line—a road in which the
people of Iowa, the people of Illinois, and the
people of Indiana, all along the line, are deeply
interested. It is a national road—it possesses the
characteristics of a national road—subserves the
interests of the people of Iowa more extensively,
more directly, and far better, than these two roads
j would do if they could ever be built. I repeat,
j again, if you build these two southern parallel
J roads—without reference to the two northern
j roads—within tweniy-five or thirty miles of each
! other, through a length of three hundred miles,
' both of them will, become bankrupt and useless.
; One road might subserve the interests of the
: southern part of Iowa, and the public interests
; generally. One road might live, but two roads
| would not do business enough, I undertake to tell
j you—an# I speak from some experience in these
I railroad matters—to pay the current expenses of
i running them.
