474
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 1,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Policy of the Republican Party—Mr. Perry.
Ho. of Reps.
was long known as the " Star in the East;" and
the now venerable James C. Churchill, who was
the standard-bearer of the " unterrified" in that
freat fight is now an honored member of the
Republican party. I have seen a letter written
by him, dated Portland, March 21, 1856, in
answer to an invitation from the "American
Republicans" of Dover, New Hampshire, to
meet with them and celebrate the late glorious
victory in that State, in which he says:
■ "I congratulate you most heartily and sincerely in having
obtained a victory so signal and so glorious. It seems tome
the advocate of ' Ram' lacks good morals and good judg-
ment ; the advocate of extension of ' slavery' lacks good
sense and good principles, and every good thing for which
our fathers fought and conquered in the Revolution."
In 1839, Maine gave her ten electoral votes
to Old Hickory, and gallant New Hampshire
wheeled in by her side, with her seven. In 1836,
they both went for Van Buren. _ In 1840, the
democracy of Maine, after a terrible fight, was
beaten only by a few hundreds. " Hard cider,
log cabins, and gold spoons," were too much for
her. But New Hampshire, firm as her " granite
hills," breasted the storm, withstood the shock,
and gave her seven electoral votes for Van Buren.
In 1844, both States went for James K. Polk; in
1848, both voted for General Cass; and in 1852,
both, by overwhelming majorities, chose electors
for Franklin Pierce.
"With this clean Democratic record, where has
the Democratic party in these States stood upon
the question of slavery prohibition in the Terri-
tories? I answer, just where the Republican
party now stand; ana I will proceed to prove
it.
The Democratic State Committee of New
Hampshire, in October, 1847, passed the follow-
ing resolution:
" Resolved, That we declare it ou* sole** conviction,
as the Democratic party have heretofore done, that neither
slavery nor involuntary servitude should hereafter exist in
•ny territqfy which may be acquired by or annexed to the
United States; and that we approve of the votes of our
delegation in Congress in favor of the Wilmot Proviso."
: In 1848, the Legislature of that State, which
had an overwhelming Democratic majority, re-
solved as follows:
" Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives in
general Court convened, That we are in favor of the pas-
sage of a law, by Congress, forever prohibiting slavery in
New Mexico and California, and in allother Territories now
acquired, or hereafter to be acquired, by the United States,
in which slavery does not exist at the time of such acquisi-
tion."
< And in 1849, the New Hampshire Legislature,
Still strongly Democratic, unanimously adopted
the following resolutions:
" Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives in
General Court convened. That, opposed to every form of
Oppression, the people of New HmnpelHre have ever viewed
with deep regret the existence of slavery in this Union; that
while they have steadfastly supported all sections in their
constitutional rights, they have not only lamented its exist-
ence as a great social evil, but regarded it as fraught with
•danger to the peace and welfare of the nation.
• " Remitted, That while we respect the rights of the slave-
holding as well as the free portions of this Union—while we
•will not willingly consent that wrong be done to any mem-
ber of the glorious Confederacy to which we belong, we
are firmly and unalterably opposed to the exten-
sion or SLAVERY OVEK ANT portion Or American soil
how free.
" Resolved, That, in our opinion, Congress has the con-
stitutional powek to abolish the slave trade and
slavery t  tatDistrict or Colombia ; and that our Sen-
ators be instructed, and our Representatives be re-
quested, to take all constitutional measures to
accomplish these objects."—See speech of Senator Hate.
But how have the Democratic '• veterans of an
hundred battles" in Maine stood upon this ques-
tion? We will see.
In 1847, Hon. John "W. Dana was Governor of
Maine, and the Legislature was strongly Demo-
cratic. In his annual message Governor D. said:
" The territory which we may acquire as indemnity for
claims upon Mexico, is free; shall it be made slave terri-
tory ? The sentiment of the free States is profound, sincere,
and almost universal, that the influence of slavery upon
productive energy is like the blight of mildew,—that it is a
moral and a social evil; that it does violence to the rights
of man, as a thinking, reasoning, and responsible being;
that its existence in this territory will shut out free labor,
because the free man will not submit himself to the degra-
dation which attaches to labor wherever slavery exults.
Influenced by such considerations, the free States will op-
pose the introduction of slavery into the territory which may
be acquired."
la speaking of the right of slaveholders to hold
their slavesin the Territories of the United States,
he further said:
" On the other hand, the slave States claim that this ter-
ritory will be acquired, if acquired at all, by the blood and
treasure of all the States of the Union, to become the joint
property of all; to be held for the benefit of all. And they
emphatically ask,' Is it consistent with justice ?' His right
to acquire and possess property is one of the inherent rights
of man, independent of laws and constitutions. Not so
with the right to his slave; that is an unnatural, an ar-
tificial, a statute right; and when he voluntarily
pases with a slave to a Territory, where the statute recog-
nizing the right does not exist, theq at once the right ceases
to exist. The slave becomes a free man, with just as
much rioht to claim the master, as the master to
claim the 8lave."
This is precisely where the Republican party
now_ stand. And who is Governor Dana > Now
Minister to Bolivia, and appointed by President
Pierce.
The_ Legislature responded, and passed the
following resolutions, with only six nays in the
House, and by a large majority in the Senate:
" Resolved, That the sentiment of this State is profound,
sincere, and almost universal, that the influence of slavery
upon productive energy is like the blight of mildew; that it
is a moral and social evil; that it does violence to the rights
of man, as a thinking, reasonable, and responsible being.
Influenced by such considerations, this State will oppose
the introduction of slavery into any Territory which may
be acquired as an indemnity for claims upon Mexico.
" Resolved, That in the acquisition of any free territory,
whether by purchase or otherwise, we deem it the duty of
the General Government to extend over the same the ordi-
nance of seventeen hundred and eighty-seven, with all its
rights and privileges, conditions and immunities.
"Resolved, That our Senators be instructed, and our
Representatives requested, to support and cany out the
principles of the foregoing resolutions."
August 2,1848, the Legislature of Maine, still
strongly Democratic, passed the following resolu-
tions relating to the extension of slavery in newly-
acquired territory:
" Resolved, That Maine duly appreciates the concession
and compromises which led to the adoption and establish-
ment of the Constitution of the United States; and she
will cheerfully and honestly abide by the letter and spirit
ofthem. At the same time she will firmly resist all demands
for their enlargement and extension.
" Resolved, That the sentiment of this State is profound,
sincere, and almost universal, that the influence of slavery
upon productive energy is like the blight of mildew; that
it is debasing and degrading in its influence upon free labor;
that it is a moral and social evil; that it does violence to
the rights of man as a rational, thinking, and accountable
being; influenced by these and other important considera-
tions, this State will firmly oppose the introduction of sla-
very into any Territory acquired as an indemnity for claims
upon Mexico.
" Resolved, That it is the duty of Congress to prevent,
by the exercise of all constitutional power, the extension of
slavery into territory of the United States now free.
"Resolved, That our Senators in Congress are hereby
instructed, and our Representatives requested, to support
and carry out the principles of the foregoing resolutions."
June 28,1849, the Democratic party in Maine
held a State convention, at which Hon. John
Hubbard was nominated for Governor. This
convention was composed of six hundred dele-
gates, at which the following resolutions were
passed—only one solitary member voting against
them:
" Resolved, That the institution of human slavery is at
variance with the theory of our Government, abhorrent to
the common sentiment of mankind, and fraught with dan-
ger to all who come within the sphere of its influence; that
the Federal Government possesses adequate power to inhibit
its existence in the Territories of the Union ; that the consti-
tutionality of this power has been settled by judicial construc-
tion, 4y ootemporaneous expositions, and by repeated acts
of legislation ; and that we enjoin upon our Senators and
Representatives in Congress to make every exertion, and
employ all their influence, to procure the passage of a law
forever excluding slavery from the Territories of California
and New Mexico.
"Resolved, That while we most cheerfully concede to
our southern brethren the right, on all occasions, to speak
and act with entire freedom on questions connected with
slavery in the Territories, we claim the exercise of die
same right for ourselves; and any attempt, from any quar-
ter, to stigmatize us or our Representatives for advocating
or defending the opinions of our people upon this subject,
will be repelled as an unwarrantable act of aggression upon
the rights of the citizens of this State."
At this convention a committee, of which Col-
onel Ephraim K. Smart was chairman, was
raised to report an address to the people, from
which address I read the following extract:
" The Whig party of this State will undoubtedly present
a candidate in opposition to him [Hubbard] who will be
a swift advocate of anti-slavery principles; but he will, at
the same time, necessarily feel himself under greater obli-
gations to give aid and comfort to a President [Taylor]
and Cabinet hostile to the inhibition of slavery in our Ter-
ritories. A Governor with such associates would utterly
fail to exact any moral influence in favor of freedom in
™ Territories. The anti-slavery professions, we are
sure, of one who is bound to do the bidding of the pres-
ent Cabinet at Washington, will be taken at their true
value. The people have become justly jealous of those
who make such professions and at the same time cling to the
great central power at the Capitol, and, for favor there,
even submit to the sacrifice of principles. In the pres-
ent temper of the times it wUl be very difficult for such to
obtain power."
And who is Colonel Smart? Answer. Col-
lector at Belfast, Maine, appointed by President
Pierce, while he is now publishing a newspaper
called the "Free Press/' puffing the President
to the skies, advocating the reelection of General
1 Pierce with a zeal and fanaticism which throws
every other Democrat in Maine far into the shade.
Governor Hubbard, after his nomination, was
written to by some of his political friends as to
his position, and made the following reply:
Hallowell, July 17,1849.
Gentlemen: Yours of the 16th, requesting a "state-
ment of my views in relation to the extension of slavery
into Territories of the United States now free," is before
me. The question in all its practical bearings, as a subject
of deliberative and solemn legislation, is an extensive one.
I can only give here a brief statement of the principles which
would guide my action upon it.
First. I believe Congress to have entire, constitutional
jurisdiction over the whole subject of slavery in the Terri-
tories of the United States.
Second. I am opposed to slavery in all its bearings, moral,
social, and political, and especially am I opposed to its ex-
tension.
Third. I would adopt all constitutional and equitable
means to prevent the extension of slavery into Territories
now free.
Hoping, gentlemen, that this brief expost will meet your
views, I am, with sentiments of respect and regard, yours,
JOHN HUBBARD.
Messrs. Adams Treat, Thomas M. Merrow, William
Merriam, Author Treat, Jesse Smart, John Hodg-
don, P. Simonton, G. N. White, Nathan Worthing,
Daniel Wentworth, Joseph Bachelder, Daniel
Smith.
In 1854 the Legislature of Maine—being in
session at the time the Kansas-Nebraska bill was
pending before Congress—passed the following
resolutions, with but six nays in the House, and
only one in the Senate:
" Resolved, That the Senators in Congress from Maine
be instructed, and the Representatives requested, to oppose
in every practicable way the passage of the Nebraska bill,
so called, so long as it shall contain any provision repealing,
abrogating, rescinding, or in any way invalidating that pro-
vision of the act of Congress approved March 6,1820, com-
monly called the Missouri compromise.
" Resolved, That the Governor be requested to forward
a copy of the above resolution to each of our Senators and
Representatives at Washington."
Among those who voted for these resolves
were Hon. N. S. Littlefield, a leading Democrat
in my State, and four years a member of Con-
gress, and president of the last Democratic State
< convention in Maine, held in June last, and Hon.
| Lot M. Merrill, another leader of the party, who
j was the Democratic candidate for the United
j States Senate in opposition to Hon. William'P.
Fessenden, and is now president of the Senate in
Maine.
During the congressional canvass in my dis-
trict, in 1854, ana a few days before election,
my competitor for Congress, Hon. William K.
Kimball, came out in a letter, in reply to one
addressed to him by Hon. W. H. Vinton, and
others, inquiring as to his position upon the
slavery question—which letter was extensively
circulated through the district—in which Mr.
Kimball said:
" Gentlemen, I have received your letter of the 1st instant,
and lose no time in replying to it. Upon the general sub-
ject of American slavery, my opinions, perhaps, are not dif-
ferent from your own, or from those usually entertained by
northern men. I regard it as a social, moral, and political
evil; and its successful abolition in my judgment would be
worth almost any priee short of the Union itself. The idea
of its extension into new Territories must be abhorent to
every right-minded and sound-hearted man. Nothing could
induce me to give my vote or influence to establish it on a
single foot of free soil."
With this letter in their hands, the friends of
Mr. Kimball, on the very eve vf the election, went
through my district, urging men who had for-
merly been connected with the Free-Soil party to
vote for him, alleging, as a reason, that he was
more ultra than myself upon the slavery question,
at the same time producing that letter as evidence
of that fact.
Mr. Chairman, I could go on at almost any
ength in proving by the records of the past that,
lthe Democratic party upon this question have
in years past, held the same position now occu-
pied by tne Republican party; but I have no time
