1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1211
on to Council Bluffs, is an improvement on the
former bill; that it is more m conformity with the
present condition of things in Iowa; more pur-
suance of, and 121 conformity with, the wishes and
the intei-ests of the people of Iowa. That, sir,
is not the point. The point is, that you stated,
when the bill was before us, on its passage, that
it was identical with those presented to us years
ago, and considered by the Committee on Public
Lands, and passed by this body time and again.
I show you that it was an entirely different affair.
You have one road in this bill that was not in
any part of the former bill. You have left one
road out of this bill which was embraced in that.
You have run a road from Dubuque in an entirely
different direction from the former. You have
made thence two roads in a different direction
from those laid down in the. former bill. The
suggestion that this bill was substantially the
same with that, undoubtedly had an important
influence. It probably had a controlling influ-
ence in the Senate when they were called upon
to pass this bill, without a reference and without
an examination.
Mr. YULEE. I ask the Senator from Vermont,
to give way for a moment. The hour has ar-
rived for the special order, which is the naval bill;
but as there is no desire on the part of my col-
league (though he is prepared to proceed with his
remarks on that subject) to interfere with the
progress of this question, and, as being a privi-
leged question, itis probably entitled to continued
consideration, I propose simply that the Senator
give way to take up the subject to which I have
referred, for the purpose of appointing for it
some other day when my colleague rnn y be heard
upon it.
Mr. FOOT. 1 yield the floor for that motion.
Mr. YULEE. I now ask the Senate to take
up the naval bill for the purpose of making it the
special order for Friday.
Several Senators. Do not say Friday.
Mr. WELLER. There are a number of pri-
vate bills which should be disposed of on Friday.
Mr. YULEE. Theic is no other day which
we can take.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Vermont yield the floor for the purpose of per-
mitting the bill, referred to by the Senator from
Florida, to be taken up ?
Mr. FOOT. I had yielded the floor to the hon-
orable Senator from Florida for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Florida
moves to take up the bill (S. No. 113) to amend
the act entitled " An act to promote the efficiency
of the Navy."
Mr. STUART. I do not wish to interfere
with this arrangement, but I suggest whether it
is not better to defer it until theie can be a com-
mon understanding on some day. I am satisfied,
that if an attempt is made to make it a special
order for Friday, it will lead to debate.
Mr. YULEE. Then I withdraw the motion,
and in the course of the day we can agree on some
time when the bill shall be taken up.
Mr. FOOT. I was about to say that if there
were other memorials or resolutions of instruc-
tion from the Legislature of Iowa, aside from those
which I have presented or read, of a later date,
requesting any modification m reference to the loca-
tionand direction of any one or all of these roads,
or for any other road, or presenting a different
6-ogramme from that introduced by General
odge in 1853, I have been unable to find it. If
there were any resolutions or memorials from
the Legislature of Iowa, or if any bill has been
introduced into this body embracing the same
programme, or nearly the same programme, as
that embraced in the bill now under consideration,
I presume the Senator from Iowa will be able to
present them to us. There are none upon your
files, sir. I am not aware of any others. I have
shown you a most wide departure, apparently
an utter"disregard of the wishes, interests, and
instructions of the State of Iowa in the hill which
you are now called upon to reconsider.
Again, sir, at the time when this bill was put
upon its passage, we were not only told that it
■was in conformity with the wishes, interests, and
instructions of the Legislature of Iowa—notonly
that it was in conformity with bills which had
time and again passed this body—but that no
petition had ever been presented for another load.
When we showed you that the two southern lines
of road provided for in the bill overlapped and
utterly-displaced and annihilated this great im-
portant Central Air-Line road from Fort "Wayne
to Council Bluffs, we were told by the Senator
from Iowa that nobody had asked for the aid of
the Government for that road; that no petition
had ever been presented to this body, or to the
other House, asking for the aid of the Govern-
ment for that road. Sir, I have very great respect
for that honorable Senator. I know him to be an
upright and an honorable man, I admire the
enthusiastic zeal with which he prosecutes, here,
any matter of interest to his State and to his con-
stituency; but, at the same time, I regret that, in
the excitement of the moment, he should have
been led into statements so palpably erroneous in
point of fact—unintentionally, inadvertently, no
doubt; and, being satisfied of that error, no man
will more promptly, and cheerfully, and honor-
ably to himself, retract any such statement, than
he will be, as he has already done in reference to
a mere personal matter.
Now, sir, so far from there never having been
a petition presented to this body or to the House
of Representatives for the aid of the Government
fortius Central railroad, runningfrom Fort Wayne
in your State, Mr. President, through Illinois and
Iowa, to Council Bluffs, I hold in my hand twenty
petitions numerously signed by citizens in those
different States interested in the road, having, if
not a dircct pecuniary interest, the same common
interest with all citizens of the country, praying
for the aid of Government by the grant of alter-
nate sections of the public lands through which
the road may run, for its construction. Some of
these petitions weie presented by yourself, sir;
some by your late colleague, Judge Pettit; some
by the Sen.itois from Illinois; many of them by
the late colleague of the Senator from Iowa, Gen-
eral Dodge, and three of them by the Senator
himself.
Was he not a little mistaken, then, when he
said that no petition had ever been presented to
this body in behalf of this road ? 1 called the
attention of the honorable Senator to it, and I
pointed out to him his mistake, and put in his
hands those very petitions. There are twenty
petitions, and proceedings of public meetings m
behalf of this line of road, which have been pre-
sented to the Senate. T hold in my hand a large
bundle of petitions which have been presented to
the House of Representatives m behalf of this
road, signed by citizens of Indiana, Illinois, and
Iowa, more numerously and as respectable as any
petition or memorial that has ever been presented
to the consideration of either body, m behalf of
any great public woik or enterprise which has
been submitted to the consideration of Congress.
Why. sir, what is this road which is now over-
lapped by the two southern roads proposed m the
bill before us? If is a road running from Fort
Wayne, in Indiana, through the three States of
Indiana, Illinois, and Iowa, to the Missouri river
at Council Bluffs. It is a consolidation under the
statute laws of those several States of three dif-
ferent corporations—for they arc necessarily dif-
ferent m the three States—ail forming one contin-
uous line of a great contemplated road, connected
at Fort Wayne with the system of roads to
Philadelphia'and New York," through the inter-
vening States.
What is the present condition of that road—
that portion of it which lies within the State of
Iowa, and along either side of which you propose
to grant lands to aid in the construction of another
road within fifteen miles? If this road be built
you will have under this bill, if it becomes a law,
and the roads embraced in it are constructed, three
roads, each three hundred miles in length, parallel
to each other within the breadth of thirty miles !
Sir, there is no set of men outside of a lunatic
asylum who would ever entertain a proposition
of that character. Forty-two miles of this Cen-
tral road have been put under cuntract with a re-
sponsible company in the city of St. Louis. Two
hundred thousand dollars of county bonds within
the State of Iowa have been placed in the hands
of those contractors. County and other bonds
raised within the State upon the line of the road,
to aid in its construction, have been put into the
hands of the contractors, Chase & Co., of St.
Louis, to the amount of $200,000. About one
hundred thousand dollars in otlv-r funds have
been put into then hands. As as the 20th
December last, the contractors had three han-
dred laborers employed on the grading of this
road placed in their charge by that contract.
Sir, not this an important interest, both as
respects the public and as respects these individ-
uals, to be thus impaired, infringed upon, and
destroyed, when, at the same time, you are ad-
vancing no public interest, either of the State of
Iowa or the country generally ? I will read, in
this connection, a paragraph from the statement
of one of the directors of the road, Dr. Bell, a
gentleman, 1 presume, known to the Senators
from Iowa, who can vouch for his character, and
standing, and influence. I know nothing of him,
but he appears as one of the directors in this
company—of the road within the State of Iowa.
He appeared in that capacity at a public meeting
of the three companies forming this consolidated
road, held at Fort Wayne, on the 20th of De-
cember last, and made this statement, which is
published in their proceedings:
'•'The company wasoigamzcd in 1850, under tlie general
unlioad law ufJuwa. The preliminary Mu\ey> have been
made, and a union effected euendmg'the oiganization of
tins? and other roaib to Foit Wayne, m Indiana. Forty-
two miles uie under contract, and about thiee hundred
hands engaged in the construction. The subaciiptkms
relied on are piivate and county subscriptions, which the
company aie assuied can be extended so as to secure the
preparation of the load-bed as the work advances west-
ward The principal uilbjt is now made on the firsst •sec-
tion, but early operations will be extended so as to reach
the valley of the l)es Moines, where the surplus products
of jhe country have no convenient mode of Uansportation.
The curves and giade> on this road will be exceedingly
favorable, and the position of this hue is such as to lender
I it the mosr deniable unite that can be found to connect the
Mi.-sis-appi and Missouu rivers."
In addition to this statement, as has already
been said, $300,000 have been paid into the hands
of the contractors. What progress has been made
on the work since the 20th of December last,
since this meeting was held, I am not advised.
Mr. Ptcsident, some strictures, unjustly as I
think, have been passed upon Hon. Mr. Schenck,
president of these consolidated roads, for his al-
leged uiteiferenee in this matter. I have only to
say that Mr. Schenck presents himself here, not
in behalf of any personal interest of his own; not
for any personal scheme; not in his individual
capacity, but in a fiduciary capacity, as the pres-
ident, agent, and trustee of these consolidated
companies, representing their interests to the
Congress of the United States. They, with va-
rious other companies formed for the construc-
tion of other lines, are asking the aid of this Gov-
ernment towards the construction of those loads,
by granting them Alternate sections of the public
land through which they may run.
Is it a singular instance for Mr. Schenck, as
the agent and president of these companies, to
present himself here to give Congress all neces-
sary information in regard to the character of the
work? Sir, we have had these agents before us
many times and often, and this is the first occa-
sion that 1 have ever heard any criticisms or
strictures passed on them for their appearance
here, or upon their alleged interference with busi-
ness under the consideration of Congress. We
often need their piesenee here to give us the
necessary information on the very subject-matter
on which we are called upon to legislate. iVtr.
Schenck has but recently been connected with
.this road, having had no connection with either
of these companies from the time of their forma-
tion in 1853, under the general laws- of these sev-
eral States, until lately. Mr. Schenck, at the time
of their organization, was representing this Gov-
ernment at a foi'-ign court—Brazil, in South
America. He did not return to this country until
a year after these companies were organized.
Some year and a half ago fh<>stp several companies
having been consolidated into one, desiring the
aid, and efforts, and influence of some gentleman
known to the country as a man of character, in-
telligence, energy, and enterprise, secured the
services of Mr. "Schenck as president of the com-
panies and ex officio director in eaeh on*-4 of them.
What do you sav of the character of those men
; whom he directly it-presents—the various boards
of directors in Indiana, m Illinois, and  n Iowa?
"Who arc they? Who is Mr. Schenck represent-
ing here? As he has been charged with immodest
or unbecoming interference with matters properly
belonging tu Congress, I desire to present this
point. The persons whom he represents—the
directors of me road in Indiana—are Messrs. L.
