THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
under the resolution some time ago adopted by the
House,'as to a permanent chaplaincy".
But, sir, I was saying, why should we discuss
the necessity of this thing? It may be that the
old shade tree which has stood for centuries is
not of great intrinsic value, but where is the man
who would say, " Cut it down?" True, it may
be of questionable utility, but it is associated with
all the recollections of the homestead, and who
would give it over to the woodman's ax? It may
be, that there was no original necessity that the
first annual message sent by the President to the
first Congress should contain an acknowledgment
of our dependence upon a Supreme Power, but
where is the President who would now depart
from this custom ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, (interrupting.) My
Colleague ascribed to me a disposition not to have
prayers at the opening of our daily sessions.
Wow, sir, every portion of my remarks directly
assumed that we were-to have tliem; but, sir, I
prefer to continue the voluntary system, rather
than to adopt the hireling system.
Mr. MILLSON. Well, sir, I do not care to be
making experiments always, and in all matters
I think there are some things so sacred by usage,
and by the approbation of the whole people, as to
be entitled to exemption from these rash experi-
ments.
The gentleman wants the experiment tried as
to the comparative efficacy of mercenary prayers,
as he may please to consider them, and of grata- j
itous or voluntary offices. I know, sir, it is
fashionable to sneer at the clerical profession, |
because of their willingness—because, if you !
please, of their desire—to receive a decent or even i
comfortable provision; and they rarely do more i
than this, why, Mr. Speaker, they are men; !
they have the wants of other men, and they
must be compensated for their services as other
men are. If you wish them to have leisure to
devote themselves to the acquisition of theo-
logical information, they must depend \ipon the
contributions of others for their support; and I
think it is not in good taste to sneer at them be-
cause of their willingness to receive a compensa-
tion which is often inadequate for the services
they are appointed to render.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not rise to debate
this question, but for the purpose of terminating
the debate upon it. I move the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the motion
to postpone upon the table.
The question was taken; and the motion to
postpone was laid on the table.
Mr. DOWDELL. I ask that the preamble
and resolutions under which the daily sessions of
the House have been opened with prayer, may be
read.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
The House then preceded to vote viva voce
a first time for Chaplain for the present session,
with the following result; Whole number of votes
cast, 129; necessary to a choice, 65; of which—
Rev. Darnel Waldo received 23
Kev. William G. Baldwin 16
Rev. D. T. Dossett 15
Eev. William Fatten 11
Rev. T. H. Stockton   9
Rev. Thomas Fisher  8
Rev. Byron Sunderland  8
Kev. K. I). Morris  1
Rev. J. G. Butler  ~
Rev. William Hodges    6
Rev. William Moseley  6
Rev. A. G. Carutliers    3
Rev. Miss A L. Brown    3
Rev Lawyer  2
Rev. Hildt  2
Rev. C. W. Ruter  1
Rev. ■—- Conway  1
Hon. Joshua R. Giddmgs  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail;
For Mr. Waldo—-Messrs. Billinghurst, Cmlingame, Col-
fax, Cox, Cumbaek, Dickson, Dodd, Flagler,Granger, Grow,
Tliomas R. Uorlon, Kelsey. Knox, Humphrey Marshall,
Perry, Reade, Seott, Sherman, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron,
F.Iiihu B. Wasllburne, and Williams.
For Mr. Baldwin—Messrs. Caskie, Clingman, Craige,
Elliott, Houston, Jewett, Letcher, Samuel S. Marshall,Mc-
Mullin, Phelps, Richardson, llutthi. Ru-f, William Smith,
Damei JR. Wright, and John V. Wught.
For Mr. Daggett—Messrs. Aiken, Boyee. Doivdell, 13th-
eridge, Faulkner, Thomas L. Harris, Harmon, Kelly, Mill-
ion, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Puryear, Kobison,
Seward, and Stephens.
For Mr. Patten—Messrs. Blis,s, Chaffee, Dean, Dunn,
Mace, Pelton, I'ikc, Simmons, Thurston, Wells, and
Woodruff.
For Mr. Stockton—Messrs. Benson, Bingham, Lewis D.
Campbell, Comins, Orr, Stanton, Stewart, Trafton, and
Israel Washburn.
For Mr. Fisher—Messrs. Bell, John P. Campbell, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Evans, Foster, Alexander K. Mar-
shall, and Porter.
For Mr. Sunderland—Messrs. Branch, Holloway, How-
ard, Knapp, Killian Miller, Norton, Stranahan, and Wake-
man.
For Mr. Morris—Messrs. Allen, Cadwalader, Florence,
Purviance, Ritchie, Roberts, and Winslow.
For Mr. Butter—Messrs. Barksdale, Hendiey S. Bennett,
Brenton, Robert B. Hall, Kunkel, Leiter, and Quitman.
For Mr. Hodges—Messrs. Clawson, Dick, Kennett, Pen-
nington. Robbins, and Vail.
For Mr. Moseley—Messrs. Crawford, Sampson W. Har-
ris, Lumpkin, Smith Miller, Shorter, and Taylor.
jFor Mr. Caruthers—Messrs. Cullen, Parker, and Wat-
kins.
For Miss Brown—Messrs. Mott, Nichols, and Spinner.
For Mr. Lawyer—Messrs. Henry Bennett and Jlughston.
For Mr. Hildt—Messrs. Greenwood and Pearce.
For Mr. Ruter—Mr. English.
For Mr. Conway—Mr. Morrill.
For Mr. Giddings—Mr. Brooks.
Mr. DAVIDSON (when his name was called)
stated that he declined to vote.
Mr. HOLLOWAY stated that Mr. Albright
was detained from the House in consequence of
indisposition.
Mr. H. MARSHALL stated that, in order to
facilitate an election, he would change his vote
from Mr. Fisher to Mr. Waldo.
After the result had been announced,
Mr. A.K. MARSHALL submitted the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That Daniel Waldo be, and he hereby is, declared
duly elected Chaplain of the House of Representatives for
the first session of the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent is ne-
cessary to the introduction of the resolution.
Several Members objected.
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, the claim of Fran-
cis Vigo is pending in the Court of Claims, and
there arc on the files of the House papers which
are needed in evidence; and I now ask that leave
be granted for their withdrawal, for reference to
that court.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I objcctto everything else
than the regular order of business.
SECOND VOTE FOR CHAPLAIN.
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce a
second time for Chaplain, with the following re-
sult: Whole number of votes cast, 127; necessary
to a choice, 64; of which
Rev. Dduiel Waldo received 70
Rev. William G. Baldwin 25
Rev. D. T.Dognett 12
Rev. William Moseley  6
Rev. T. H. Stockton  5
Rev. Byron Sunderland  3
Rev. Robert D. Morris....,  2
Rev. William Patten 2
Kev. Miss Antoinette L. Brown  1
Hon. Joshua R. Giddings  1
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Waldo — Messrs. Henry Bennett, Benson, Bil-
hnghurst, Bliss, Burhn<rame, John P. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Clawson, Clingman, Colfax, Cox, Cullen, Cum-
baek, L)oan,Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Flagler. Florence,
Granger, Giow, liobert B. Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Harri-
son, Holloway, Thomas It. Horton, Howard, IIugh ton,
KeNoy, Kennett, Knapp, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace,
Alexander K. Marshall, Uumplirej' Marshall, Morrill, Nich-
ols, Noiton, Ancltew Oliver, Parker, Pearc. Pelton, Pen-
nington, Perry, Porter, Purviance, ll«;ide, Ritchie, Bobbins,
llobeits, Robiscn, Sabin, Scott. Sherman, Stanton, Swope,
Thurston, Tiafton, Vail, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron, Elhhu
B. Wasllburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Williams*, and
Woodiuff.
For Mr. Baldwin— Messrs. Barksdale, Hendiey S. Ben-
nett, Caskie, Ciaige, Ciawford, Davidson, Elliott, English,
Foster, Greenwood, Jewett, Lctchei, Lmdlcy, McMulhn,
Smith Miller, Orr, Phelps, Quitman, Kichaidson, Ruffin,
William Smith, Stewart. Watkms, Winslow, and Daniel
B. Wright.
For Mr. Dog°elt—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Boyee, Dowdoli,
Etheridgc, Faulkner, Thomas L. Harris, Kelly, MiUson,
Mordecai Oliver, Puryear, and Seward.
For Mr. Moseley— Messrs. Sampson W. Harris, Houston,
Lumpkin, Shorter, Taylor, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Stockton—Messrs. Bingham, Brenton, Comins,
and Watson.
For Mr. Sunderland— Messrs. Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Stranahan, and Wakcman.
For Mr. Morris—Mews. Branch and Oadwalader,
For Mr. Fatten—Messrs. Chaffee und Pike.
For Miss Bro>tn~Mr. Spinner.
For Mr. Giddings—Mr. Brooks.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FLORENCE said: Mr. Speaker, I give up
my personal preference, and, that there may be
an election, vote for Mr. Waldo.
The Speaker then declared that Daniel Waldo,
having received a majority of the votes cast, was
duly elected Chaplain of the House for the first
session of the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
REGENTS OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that there be taken
from the Speaker's table, and put on its passage,
the joint resolution from the Senate " for the
appointment of regents to fill the vacancies in the
Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion."
There being no objection, the resolution was
taken up, and read a first and second time by its
title. It was then read in extenso. It provides
that the vacancies occasioned in the class " other
than members of Congress," by the resignation
of Rufus Choate, and the death of J. McPherson
Berrien, be filled by the appointment of George
E. Badger, of North Carolina, and Cornelius C.
Felton, of Massachusetts. The resolution was
then ordered to a third reading, was read a third
time, and passed.
PAPERS FOR THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to
transmit to the Court of Claims, on the application of the
clerk of said court, the papers in his office m any case that
is now or may be hereafter pending in such court, taking
a receipt therefor.
The resolution does away with the necessity
for asking leave for the withdrawal of papers in
each particular case. I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the resolution.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the gentleman will
hear the resolution again read, I am sure that he
will withdraw his objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will state my objection. If
the resolution does not conflict with it, I will in-
terpose no obstacle to its passage. There is a
principle involved, that ought to be looked to
before action is taken in reference to various
claims before this body. I understand there is a
provision in the law creating the court, not only
giving it jurisdiction in the three classes of cases
specified, but " of all such cases as may be com-
mitted to the court by either House of Congress."
Now, sir, if that general jurisdiction exists in
the law, as I think it does, from the very slight
examination which I have been able to make, I
j shall object to conferring jurisdiction upon that
court in this general broadcast way.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The resolution pro-
! poses that upon the application of the clerk of the
I Court of Claims to the Clerk of this House for
papers, in all cases now pending before that court,
or which shall hereafter be pending before it, the
papers shall be delivered to him.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will hear the resolution
read again. I will object to all references to that
court of anything not included within the express
provisions of the law organizing that court; and
that is the reason I objected to the resolution of
the gentleman from Illinois. If it does not con-
flict with my views, I will withdraw my objection.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am as much
opposed as the gentleman from Alabama, or any
other person, to giving to the Court of Claims
jurisdiction by the mere reference to it of papers.
But, if I understand that resolution, I do not
think that, by reference of papers under it, any
jurisdiction is conferred upon the Court of Claims.
They obtain jurisdiction when the case is origin-
ally carried there; and the court decides the ques-
tion of jurisdiction, not upon the papers given to
the clerk under that resolution, but upon the case
outside of this resolution. This resolution is
merely to give to the clerk of that court papers
when he calls forthem, to be used m a case already
pending in the court before he shall apply for the
papers.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is all.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw my objection
The resolution was then agreed to.'
LEWIS BENEDICT.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House, that House bill, No.
722, together with the petition of Lewis Benedict
and the accompanying documents and papers re-
ferred to the Court of Claims under the general
order of the 3d of March, 1853, be withdrawn
from the files of the Court of Claims, and that the
same be referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
