1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
47T
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. TVellcr.
Senate.
pacific railroad.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN B. WELLER,
or california,
Is the Sexate, *3pril 18,1856,
On the bill to authorize and facilitate the conjunction of a
Railroad and Magnetic Telegraph through the territories
of the lTMnl States, from the Mississippi river to the
Pacific oncao.
Mr. WELLER said: Mr. President, this sub-
ject has occupied a good deal of the attention of
the American people for many years past. It has
been discussed in the public press, in popular
assemblies, in national conventions, and in State
Legislatures. More than twenty States have
passed resolutions in favor of the construction of
a railroad from the valley of the Mississippi to
the Pacific ocean; and it cannot be doubted that
• very large majority of the American people are
in favor of this enterprise. Notwithstanding we
have had their judgment pronounced at each ses-
aion of Congress, in the form of memorials, peti-
tions, and resolutions, yet we have boen unable,
up to this time, to procure the sanction of their '
representatives in Congress to this measure. j
The importance of a railroad connecting the
Mississippi river with the Pacific ocean was '
brought to the attention of Congress in the year 1
lS4o, by the memorial of Asa Whitney, and in
some shape or form it has been before us at each '
•r33100 of Congress since that year. Near the
close of the last session a bill was for the first
time passed through the Senate providing for a
Pacific railroad with two branches, but it was
too late to be acted upon in the House of Repre-
sentatives.
The bill now under consideration differs in
•ome particulars from any heretofore submitted
to Congress. It provides for the construction
of only one road. It invites competition from
the various routes which have been surveyed.
It gives to the contractors alternate sections of
land for the space of twelve miles on each side of
i the road, from its eastern to its western terminus;
deficiencies to be made up from any unoccupied
and unappropriated lands belonging to the United
States, within thirty miles of the road—mineral
lands in California excepted—and parties are
allowed in that State to make up deficiencies
within the distance of fiAy miles from the road.
It further provides that, upon that part of the
road which passes through the territories of the
United Suites, the Government will advance to
the contractors—ill the form of a loan—two and a
half millions of its bonds, bearing six per centum
interest, for each hundred miles of the road
which shall have been completed and put into
full operation. This advance, however, is not to
exceed fifteen millions of dollars in the aggregate,
is to constitute a first mortgage upon the road,
and is to be returned to the United States in
fifteen years after it shall have been completed.
The Secretary of War, the Secretary of the
Interior, and Post master-General, are required,
upon six months' notice,to invite sealed proposals
for the construction of the road and telegraph, in
which proposals the bidders are required to state:
First. The point on the Mississippi river where
the said road shall begin, and the point on the
Pacific ocean where it shall terminate, and the
general route upon which it shall be constructed.
Second. The time in which the party or parties
propose to construct, complete, and finish the en-
tire road and telegraph ready foruse, which period
must not exceed ten years from the signing of
the contract; and, also, what extent ana portion
thereof they propose to complete and put in oper-
ation during each and every year: provided that
the President of the United States may, if in his
opinion the public interest requires it, extend the
time for the completion of the road to fifteen
years.
Third. The time in which such party or parties
will surrender and transfer, free of cost, to the
United States, for the purpose of being surren-
dered to several States, as herein provided, the
•aid road, with its appurtenances and furniture.
Fourth. The sum, not exceeding $300per mile, |
for carrying the United States mails daily both I
ways on said road, under the direction of the I
' Post Office Department, for the period of fifteen
years from the completion of the road; and, while
in course of construction, for the portion in use,
I and at what rate per mile, for a like period, and
on the portions in use, while being constructed,
they will carry on said road, under the direction
of the proper Department, all military and naval
stores, supplies, munitions, troops, and freights
of all lands for Government purposes, which sum
or rate must not exceed that now paid in the
aggregate for such service; and from and after
the expiration of the said period of fifteen years,
said transportation, postal, military, naval, and
for every other Government purpose, shall be in
like manner performed on said road, under the
direction of the proper Department, at reasonable
prices, not exceeding those usually paid for the
time being on other nrst-class roads, to be ascer-
tained by Congress in the event of disagreement
between the Government and the owners of the
road.
After the time for receiving proposals has
expired, the persons already named, under the
direction of the President of the United States,
shall proceed to open and examine the several
bids which shall have been offered, and to select
1 the one which in their opinion shall be the best
, adapted to insure the construction of the road
and telegraph in the most thorough and permanent
manner, and which will be most advantageous to
the interest of the United States.
The parties to whom the contract shall be
awarded shall deposit with the Secretary of the
Treasury the sura of $500,000—or the value
thereof—in bonds or certificates of stock of the
United States, or State bonds, whose market value
at the time of making such deposit shall be at or
above par, which stocks or bonds may be sub-
sequently drawn out by the said contractors in
sums of £5,000 each as the work progresses,
upon the production of vouchers showing satis-
factorily to the Secretary of the Treasury that
an amount equal thereto has been applied in good
faith to the construction of said road.
Whatever opposition this bill may meet with
in the Senate, it can hardly be charged by the
strictest constructionist that it violates either the
letter or the spirit of the Constitution. Notwith-
standing the absolute necessity, in my judgment,
which exists for the construction of this road, I
could not give my sanction to a bill which violates
any of those constitutional principles by which I
have been governed since my first entrance into
public life.
It has been the policy of this Government, for
many years past, to make large and liberal dona-
tions of the public lands to States and companies,
to aid them in the construction of roads and
, canals. Nor has the Government suffered any-
thing by this policy. Whilst the States have
been materially benefited, the General Govern-
i ment, by the increased value of its reserved lands,
has been fully remunerated for these donations.
Ohio, Illinois, Alabama, Indiana, Mississippi,
Michigan, and some other States, have been en-
abled, by this policy, to complete public works of
.incalculable value to the whole nation.
Under this system, the Federal Government is
regarded as a land-proprietor—the owner of an
immense region of unoccupied lands; and, as such,
is called upon to contribute towards a public
work, which renders valuable, lands which in their
present condition are valueless.
In these wild and uninhabited regions—norw a
, howling wilderness—the hardy, enterprising em-
igrant would soon find a home, ana surround
himself with all the comforts of life. The un-
civilized Indian and the beast of prey would soon
disappear before the onward march of Christianity
and civilization.
In regard to the other feature of the biH—I
allude to the loan of a sum not exceeding
$15,000,000 in Government bonds—there cer-
tainly cannot be any constitutional difficulty in-
terposed . The power of Congress to appropriate
the Federal Treasury to roads and other public
improvements within the Territories of the United
States has never, I believe, been questioned. At
each session of Congress we appropriate liberally j
I to the construction of military, territorial, and ,
other roads in our organized Territories. We j
I have the power, if we saw fit to exercise it, to i
| make direct appropriations from the Treasury
I towards the construction of that part of the road
which is to pass through the Territories, and is
not within any of the States. The loan has been
placed in this form to obviate the objections which
have been very properly uvged against making
internal improvements oy the General Govern-
ment within the_ States of this Union; so that,
whatever objection may be made to this bill in
other respects, it cannot be said to be unconstitu-
tional in its provisions.
Senators have heretofore raised the objection
that we did not possess the information neces-
sary to enable us to determine the practicability
of this enterprise. This objection no longer
exists. We nave already expended $340,000 in
surveying and exploring the immense region of
country through which we propose to run this
road. The voluminous reports from the various
parties are now before us; and they enable us to
ascertain the facts necessary to enlighten our
judgments. But notwithstanding these reports,
and other reliable information which we have, I
regret to say there are some Senators who still
persist in affirming that the whole country be-
tween the Mississippi river and the eastern bound-'
, ary of California is a barren and desolate waste,
1 which can never be brought under cultivation by
, the labor of man.
I Why, sir, in 1703, after the defeat of Generals
Harmar and St. Clair, when it was proposed to
I send General Wayne with an army to protect the
few white settlers northwest of the Ohio, it waa
opposed on the ground that that section of coun-
try could never be made the abiding place of the
white man. In that territory we now have some
five millions of free, happy, and prosperous peo-
ple. Hardy pioneers have converted that " barren
wilderness" into a beautiful garden, which now
blooms and blossoms as the rose.
Again, when we acquired Texas it was said
that that country was covered with swamps and
marshes, which must forever prevent its cultiva-
. tion; but my friend here from Texas [General
Rusk] will now tell you that the best cotton lands
in the world are to be found within that State.
The large exportiltions of cotton which she an-
nually makes will sustain this assertion.
When that country from whence I come was
purchased from Mexico, it was declared by one
of our most distinguished statesmen that it was
"notworth adollar;" and yet within the last six
years some four hundred millions of dollars in
gold have been taken from her soil, and this is;
but the beginning of the work.
I have no doubt that Senators from the old
States are falling into the%ame error with regard
to the territory through which this road is pro-
posed to pass. Rich and productive valleys of
no inconsiderable extent will be found in the
ranges of the Rocky Mountains, capable of sus-
taining a large population. We find by the offi-,
cial report of the Secretary of War, that what is
called the Colorado desert is susceptible of reduc-
tion to cultivation by irrigation. He says:
" Another feature of interest developed in the course of
the further examination of the work on the route of the
thirty-second parallel is, that the Colorado desert, which ia
traversed by the route for a distance of one hundred and
thirty-three miles, and which, in the report referred to, waa
noted as consisting of a soil that needed only water to ren-
der it highly productive, is, in fact, the delta of the Colorado
river; and, according to barometric levels, is so much lower
than that stream, as to be easily irrigated from it. Thus
thera is every reason to believe four thousand five hundred
square miles of soil, of great fertility, of which nearly one
, half is in our territory, may be brought into cultivation in
> one unbroken tract along the route."
Captain Humphreys, tl\p officer in charge of
these surveys, says:
" An analysis of the soli of the alluvial portion of the
Colorado desert, which covers an area of four thousand five
hundred square miles, and is four times greater in extent
. than the land under cultivation on the Mississippi river,
between the mouth of Red river and the Balize, shows that
1 it has all the elements of great fertility, and, but for the ad-
verse climatic conditions, would rival in its production®
j the best lands of the Delta of the Mississippi. According
I to the barometrical levelings of Lieutenant Williamson, the
alluvial portion of this plain is lower than the surface of the
Colorado river; and should this be confirmed by more ac-
curate modes of leveling, as there is every reason to believe
it would be, an extensive system of irrigation would entirely
change the character of its surface by the introduction of
water, the only element required for great productiveness.
About one half of the Colorado desert is within our terri-
tory,"
