1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2087
which the gentleman alludes was passed I was
not here. If I had been present I should have
voted against the resolution. 1 withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to restore the
words struck out by the Senate, and to attach to
them the following proviso:
provided, That any member of the House who may be
unwilling to receive said books may give nonce of the same
to the Clork of the House of Representative*, who shall re-
tain feaid books to which puch member may be entitled, and
report the facts at the commencement of the next session
uf Congress.
I offer that proviso, in order that those consci-
entious gentlemen who make speeches against
book resolutions, and who are yet in the habit of
receiving the books under them, may have an
opportunity of exhibiting their conscientious-
ness.
Mr. HICKMAN. I raise a question of order.
The proviso offered by the gentleman from Ohio
is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. /The Chair holds the
amendment in order, as it is to restore the text,
together with a pioviso.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I admit that this is an
unusual proviso, such as I have never hitherto
known attached to such a proposition. But m
past Congresses I have heard these conscientious
gentlemen make very large speeches in reference
to the distribution of books, but when the books
have been offered them, their conscientious scru-
ples have fled, and they received the books. It
has been even said that some of them have sold
the books, but I do not know that to be the fact.
Now, sir, I shall not discuss this proviso further.
I merely offered it so as to provide the means by
which gentlemen may make a public exhibition
of their virtue in the matter. They can leave the
books with the Clerk, for the benefit of those
members who may be voted them hereafter.
Mr. HICKMAN. My simple object in making
the remarks "tfhich I did make, on the matter now
before the House, was, for the purpose of al-
lowing the fact to be distinctly known, that the
benefit of this vote does not mure to the new
members of the present House of Repiesentatives.
It is supposed now by the country, that, under
the resolution which has been adopted by this
House, each new member will receive books to
the value of nearly thirteen hundred dollars. If
such an impression as that exists, I wish to dis-
pel it, and to state distinctly, that the books
voted to members by this resolution, are bought,
and can at any time be bought in tins market,
for a sum not exceeding $000; and I understood
this morning, from good authority, that they
can be bought for ^300; that this resolution will
inure to the benefit of persons outside of tins
House to an amount not less than ^90,000; and
that, while the Treasury is to be robbed, the
proceeds of the robbery do not pass into the
pockets of the new members of this House, but
into the pockets of other persons. Now, I am un-
willing to adopt the suggestion of the Committee
of Ways and Means, and prefer that the House
should concur m the amendment of the Senate,
for the reasons which I have given.
The question being on Mr. Campbell s pro-
viso, „
Mr. CAMPBELL called for tellers.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Does the Chair hold
the amendment to be m order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds it to be
in order. , . .
Mr. COBB. How does it come in."
The CHAIRMAN. The Senate proposes to
amend the bill by striking out a certain portion
of the text. The Committee of Ways and Means
recommend a non-concurrence with the amend
ment of the Senate. The gentleman from Ohio
moves to amend the amendment by inserting the
words which were originally contained, together
with a proviso. The Chair holds an amendment
to the Senate amendment to be in ordei.
Mr. COBB. The Chair holds it to he in order
to disagree with the Senate amendment, and then
to amend our own original bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hoids that the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio to amend
the amendment of the Senate is in order, on the
ground that you may perfect an amendment before
you are called upon to vote whether you will con-
cur or non-concur in it. ^
Mr. COBB. The Chair will permit mc. Sup-
pose this goes baek to the Senate, and the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House, then the
clause will stand stricken out with an amendment
—that is, the words to which the provisos at-
tached will not be in the bill, and the proviso will
be. I appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. In the case which the gen-
tleman supposes, the question would be whether
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio having
been adopted, I submit that no further amend-
ment is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment of the gentleman from New York
is in order.
Mr. FLAGLER. The amendment I have of-
fered ought, in my judgment, to receive the ap-
the Senate would concur m the proposition of ii probation of this House. During the last Con
« i t* i * . .] '. i !     — ..a,. u av./1 /.i t.t
the House, as the House has now amended it.
Mr. SNEED. I rise to a question ot" order.
The Chair has decided this proposition to be in
order ou a question of order raised by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,]_ and
no appeal was taken. Subsequent to that decision
of the Chair the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] called for tellers, and the House lias
taken action. I submit that it is too late now
for the gentleman from Georgia to raise the same
question, and then to appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order taken by the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not understand how
the question is to be put. I should like the Chair
to tell me. The rule is, that you may concur in
the Senate's amendment with an amendment.
[Calls to order.] I am in order. Is the question
here as I understand it?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I object to this.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire the Chair to state
what is the question as the committee is to un-
derstand it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
stated the question as he understands it. _ The
Senate has agreed to an amendment to the bill by
striking out a portion of the text. The gentle-
man from Ohio proposes, before the committee
shall be called upon to vote on concurring in that
amendment, to amend it; and the chair holds that
the House has a right to do so, and therefore rules
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio in
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the Chair de-
cides that you may disagree to the Senate's amend-
. ment with the amendment.
i The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides thus:
j that you may amend the amendment of the Sen-
, ate. Such has been the practice of the House in
] committee and out of committee.
gross, one hundred and sixty copies of Hickey's
Constitution were purchased for, and distributed
in, each congressional district of the United
States. The resolution was advocated on the
ground that it would be of great advantage to
the country to disseminate as far as possible
among the people a knowledge of our Constitu-
tion. In the discharge of his duty, each member
of the last Congress", so far as I know, distrib-
uted in his district the copies to which he was
entitled. I know that such was the case in my
district. It is proposed now, that, in so far as
| there are new members here, the districts lepre-
j sented by them shall have the benefit of another
j distribution of this work. I protest against any
! such measure of inequality among members. I
I conceive there is no justice in the provision that,
i because a district has not changed its Represent-
| ative, it shall not have these books, while those
] districts which have changed their Represent-
I atives in this House, shall have them. This new
1 and unequal distribution can be advocated only
! on the ground that the constituencies of new
members on this floor ore either more worthy or
more ignorant than those represented by mem-
bers of the last Congress. I admit neither; and
my amendment is to do away with this inequal-
ity T St!«n f?p«ire that this work shall be fur-
Mr. HOUSTON. I never heard such a decision
in committee m my life.
Mr. KD1E. In case the appeal is not sustained,
what will be the firt>t question before the <jorn-
mittee ?
The CHAIRMAN. On agreeing to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio "> fhe amend-
ment proposed by the Senate. . .
Mr. EDIE. Then I will vote for sustaining
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The House have de-
cided this question of order, sustaining the decis-
ion of the Chair. I will, therefore, withdraw my
appeal from the decision ot the Chair.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment to the Senate's amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wixslow
and Dodd were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 90, noes 38.
So the amendment was adopted.
The question was tiit-n on the ame
the Senate as amended.
ity. I also desire that this work shall be fur-
nished at a fair price. Under this book resolution,
I a clerk in the Senate receives an income fully
i equal to that of the President of the United States;
i and I am opposed to that.
! Mr. LEITER. Is not this the same proposi-
! tion offered 111 committee some days since, and
I voted down ?
! Mr. FLAGLER. The gentleman can answer
^ that question for himself as well as I can.
|j Mr. LEITER. Then I say it is the same
[■ amendment; and X raise the question of order
i that we cannot amend our own proposition. We
!! have, as a House, already agreed to a certain pro-
i1, vision m that bill, and it is incompetent for us to
jj offer an amendment to what has been already
ij agreed to.
! i The CHAIRMAN. The Chan- overrules the
!( point of order.
j: Mr. GALLOWAY. I will say a few words
!; in reply to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
J' Flagler.] He agues that not more than a
II single copy of Hickey's Constitution ought to be
f allowed each new member, as a distribution of one
! hundred and sixty copies to each district was made
' at the lastsession of Congress. I voted againstthe
resolution providing books for members; but, in
| my judgment, that part of the resolution which
; provided for a distribution of Hickey's Constitu-
i tion is the wisest and most justifiable. A general
' and judicious distribution of those heretofore
; given may have been made in his district. I have
i no evidence, however, thot the district which I
| represent has been supplied. Judging from the
1 anxietv, indicated by many requests, 1 conclude
!| that a new distribution would be eminently bene-
1! ficial. Admitting the allegation that the copies
i. of this work giten two years since were fully
!' and faiily distributed, it must be conceded that
!' the wants of an increased and changed popula-
ndment of 'j tion will justify a new distribution.
i Mr. FLAGLER. I want the gentleman to
Mr. SEWARD. I move to strike out the lat- ; - ...
lause of that amendment. It has gone to the ;! has also increased.
; bear in mind that the population of my district
ter clause oi uiai ameiiuiiiLin. ^ ..... ,, y , be s0; but
country that we have voted to the new members ;j Mr. GALLOWAY itmt may
41 .SOtl' worth of books each. I want the country whether they have minim tl equfuy in
$l,S00'worth of books each. I want the country
to understand how the matter stands.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
"entleman front Georgia is not in order; the com-
mittee having adopted what he proposes to strike
out.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move the following amend-
ment to that just adopted:
Provided, alio, That no more than one eopv of Hickey's
Constitution ..hall he allowed totaeh meml.ei and Del.'gatu
of ttiH Uouie, and that at a cost not exceeding si.\ty cents
1icr iore-
Mr. EDIE. I rise to a question of order
The
ed°-e with my constituents, may admit of an
■ honest doubt. There is another view of the sub-
ject. Those who may be benefited by my dis-
tribution of these books, constitute a class ol
1 people differing in political sentiment from those
! who have received the kind consideration and
\ favor of my predecessor. I ask, is it not but just
S that those constituents who sympathize with me
I in sentiment should receive the benefit of so vaiu-
I able a work ?
! These are the only books given to us that can
1 be distributed with great advantage. There M a
