1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not think the House
can make that order. I suppose it must be done
by the court.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
order will be granted.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
clerks to committees.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I do not intend to
detain the House long. I am sorry the gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. GLtjitman] who intro-
duced a resolution yesterday authorizing the
Committee 011 Military Affairs to employ a clerk,
is not in his seat. I hope, when I make a motion
to reconsider the vote by which that resolution
was adopted, that the House will not consider me
captious in reference to the allowance of clerks to
the different committees, because X am aware that
theie are committees of this House which need
and ought to have clerks, while there arc other
committees which do not need them, and there-
fore ought not to be allowed any. The commit-
tee of which I am a member—tlie Committee 011
Public Lands—can do without a clerk, unless they
want one to do what the clerk of that committee
did last session, and that is to puff us into notice.
That was the principal business of the clerk of
that committee at the last session of Congress,
and I do not know whether or not he succeeded
in that.
I do not propose now to interfere with the res-
olution of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
"Washburn-,] authoiizing the Committee of Elec-
tions to employ a clerk; but I will read that res-
olution, and then the resolution offered by the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman,]
and submit the question to the House, whether
there is not something wrong in them ? I am far
from saying, that there was any intentional wrong
011 the part of the gentlemen who presented them,
but I do say that the resolutions will bear a con-
struction which the House did not intend should
be put upon them when they voted for them.
Under the phraseology of the resolutions, I am
satisfied that the clerks appointed under them
will get, upon the start, their four dollars a day,
and the two hundred and fifty dollars extra com-
pensation allowed to the cler&s at the close of last
session. I will now read both resolutions, and
see if the House will not construe them as I do.
The first resolution is that offered by the gentle-
man from Maine, and is as follows;
II Resolved, That the Committee of Elections lie authorized
to appoint a clerk, at the usual compensation."
That resolution is not so broad in its terms as
the one to which 1 first referred, and in reference
to which I intend to move a reconsideration.
The resolution offered by the gentleman from
Mississippi reads thus:
*' Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs he
authorized to employ a cleik, at the suae compensation
allowed at the last session of Congiess."
What was that compensation, 1 ask the House?
How does the House understand it ? I know how
they did understand it when they passed the res-
olution; but I think you, Mr. Speaker, will agree
with me as to the effect of the resolution. Will
it not give to the clerk appointed under it four
dollars a day, and the two hundred and fifty dol-
lars which the clerks got last session as extra
compensation ? He starts out with that amount.
Was that the intention of the House? X will
leave it to the decision of the Chair, if the resolu-
tion is not susceptible of the construction I place
upon it?
1 move, then, to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution offered by the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi was adopted. But as the gentleman from
Mississippi is not in the House, and as I am sat-
isfied that he did not intend that his resolution
should be susceptible of the construction I have
placed upon it, I will have the motion entered,
and waive action upon it until the gentleman shall
be in his place.
Mr. FAULKNER. I am satisfied that it was
never m the contemplation of the gentleman from
Mississippi who offered that resolution to give
it the construction which the gentleman from
Alabama has placed upon it,
Mr. COBB. 1 thmk so myself, but that does
not alter the fact.
Mr. FAULKNER. Nor will it bear the con-
struction placed upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon thesubjcct
of the employment of clerks, I will say that, at
the time the clerks to the committees were paid-
four dollars a day, the pay of the clerks of the
House was $1,500 a year, or about four dollars a
day. Then, when clerks were employed at the
usual compensation, it was at four dollars a day.
Since that time the pay of the clerks of the House
has been increased, and they now receive $1,800
a year. Now, when a resolution is adopted at
this session, authorizing the employment of clerks
at the usual compensation, I take it, that it will
be construed as at the compensation which the
clerks of the House are receiving at the present
time—at the rate of §1,800 a year.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] will be entered.
'withdrawal op papers.
O11 motion by Mr. FLORENCE, it was
Ordered, That leave be gianted to withdraw from the
files of the House the petition and papers of Mori is Poweis,
for the puipo&e of leference m the Senate.
bill introduced.
Mr. CLINGMAN, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill to
amend and explain an act entitled "An act to pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy," approved Feb-
ruary 28, 1855; which was reatl a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
communication from the treasure.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have in my hand
a communication from the Treasury Department,
in reference to the marine hospital at Galena,
Illinois. I ask that it may be referred to the j
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
It was so ordered.
statutes at large.
Mr. SIMMONS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That e;u*h member of The House he furnished,
by the publisher*, with a copy of the tenth volume of the
tftatuto at Lai2<-; <uul that lite preceding volumes be fur-
nished to those membe.is who have not already received
tliem.
introduction of bills.
Mr. CARUTHERS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill, of which previous notice had
been given; which was read a first and second
time by its title, as follows, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce:
A bill to appropriate the sum of one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars for the improvement of j
the navigation of the Mississippi river between j
St. Louts and New Orleans.
Mr. SHERMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced bills; which were severally read n first
and second time by llieir titles, as follows, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce:
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
of Vermilion, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Sandusky City, Ohio; and
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Huron, Ohio.
Mr. KENNETT, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, as follows, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands:
A bill granting to the State of Missouri public
lands to aid in completing the geological survey of
said (State.
Air. WINSLOW, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution; which was rtcul a first
and second time by its title, as follows, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs:
Joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
War to sell a portion of the site of the arsenal
at Favetteville, North Carolina, and to purchase
other lands with the proceeds of such sale.
Mr. WASHESURNE, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, and 111 pursuance of previous notice, in-
troduced a bill; which was read a first and second
time by its title, as follows, and lefeired to the
Committee on the Judiciary:
A bill to change the time of holding the courts
in the northern district of Illinois, and for other
purposes.
Mr. RUST, by unanimous consent, in pursu-
ance of previous notice, introduced a bill; which
was read a first and second time by its title, as
follows, and referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals:
A bill granting alternate sections of land to the
State of Arkansas, to aid in the construction of the
Mississippi, Ouachita, and Red River railroad.
O11 motion by Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous
consent, a bill was taken from tbe Speaker's table,
read a first and second time by its title, as follows:
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions: *
Senate bill (No. 56) to provide for the pay-
ment of George P. Marsh for judicial servicos
rendered by lnm, under the act of 11th August,"
1848, while Minister Resident of the United States
at the Ottoman Porte.
pacific railroad.
Mr. DENVER, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
as follows:
A bill to provide for thevestablishmeiit of a rail-
road and telegraphic communication between the
Atlantic States and the Pacific ocean, and for
other purposes.
Mr. DENVER. As that is an important bill,
I ask that it may be referred to a select com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. Composed of what number ?
Mr. DENVER. Thirteen.
Mr. DUNN. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from California, that if the bill is to be
referred to a select committee, it should be com-
posed of one member from each State in the Union.
Mr. DENVER. I have no objection to that, if
it will make the reference any more satisfactory;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move to refer tl>c bill to a select committee?
The SPEAKER. It is, if no other reference
is proponed.
Mr. LETCHER. Another reference is pro-
posed: I move to refer the bill to the Committee
oil Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. That motion, being to refer
to one of the standing committees of the House
will have precedence.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to refer to the Committee on Public Lands.
The question then recurred on the motion to
refer to a select committee of thirty-one.
Mr. STANTON. It seems to me that a com-
mittee of that number would be very unwieldy;
I think thirteen is a much better number.
Mr. DENVER. I myself prefer the original
number, and will adhere to the motion in that
form—with the number thirteen.
Mr. DUNN. I move to amend so as to make
the committee consist of one member from each
State in the Union. This is a great question, and
m my opinion every State in the Union should
be represented on the committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Indiana ought to know that a committee
composed of thirty-one members would be a very
i unwieldy body. It would require sixteen mem-
! beis to constitute a quorum, and perhaps they
; would hardly ever be able to get a quorum lo-
j gether. If the gentleman ever desires to secure
a report from that committee, he had better make
[ it some reasonable number. I think the number
j of which the ordinary standing committees arc
| composed—nine—is quite sufficient. The report
1 of that committee will, of course, go to the Com-
! mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
i where every one who desires can be heard. I
j thmk it would be unwise to raise a committee to
i consider the subject composed of thirty-one
I members.
I Mr. DENVER. I hope the gentleman from
' Indiana will not insist on his amendment. I ap-
peal to him to withdraw it.
t Mr. DUNN. As the gentleman seems to insist
: upon it, 1 will withdraw my amendment.
: The bill was then referred to a select com-
mittee, to be composed of thirteen members.
i further introduction of bills.
Mr. DENVER, by unanimous consent, in pur-
suance of provious notice, introduced a bill to
1 establish the collection district of Humboldt Bay,
m m tbe State of California, and to fix the salaries
; of the officers of the customs therein; which was
!' read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ii ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
!; Also, a bill to crcats an additional land district
