2088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August IS,
demand for them. They contain valuable
information. No member needs or wishes more
than one of them. Even if one hundred and
sixty additional copies of Hickey's Constitution
are distributed to each congressional district, it
must be manifest that a small proportion of the
people can be accommodated; ana yet the few
■who may receive, if faithful to the laudable design
contemplated in the distribution of the work, may
be instrumental in circulating a species of inform-
ation which cannot be otherwise obtained, and
which is much needed at the present crisis of
political sentiment.
Mr. MORGAN. Is there any reason, justice,
or propriety, that any one district should have
more copies than another ? Is not my district
entitled to as many as the gentleman's district?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. SNEED. I came here as a new member,
and those to whom I may distribute these books
maf not have been benefited by the distribution
of my predecessor.
Mr. HICKMAN. Suppose the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio is adopted: how then
will the Senate's amendment stand ? What will
be the effect of the gentleman's amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio has been adopted: and the
effect of it is this: the original text stands, with
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
The question was taken on Mr. Flagler's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. WALKER offered the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Jlnd provided further, That any member of tin? piesent
House who may have been amemberof any pievious Con-
gress, and who has received his books, may, if lie thinks
proper, either return the books or the cost ot' the same to tile
Clerk of the House, who shall report the same at the next
session.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would inquire of
the Chair, what all the provisoes amount to if
they are adopted ?
The CHAIRMAN. The provisoes will be a
part of tho amendment of the House.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I ask my colleague
to accept the following proviso as a part of his
amendment, and then I will vote for it:
Provided, That the Government shall pay the expense of
transporting the books to members, and of bringing them
buck again.
Mr. WALKER. I accept the modification as
a part of my amendment.
JVtr. CRAIGE. I desire to say a word 111 op-
position to that amendment.
Tho CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted upon
the amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN offered the following amend-
ment:
-.'lad provided. That for such books as are out of piint, or
are considered by the member as but of little or no value,
mich new member may select other books of a public (Intr-
uder, which relate to either tho legislative, judicial, or ex-
ecutive departments ot the Government, or to tho hktory
or politics of the country, of a cost in the aggregate not to
exceed that of the books be declines to receive.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 call for tellers upon the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sherman
and Cullen were appointed.
The question was taken; and tho tellers re-
ported—ayes thirty-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move to amend by add-
ing the following proviso:
Provided, That the books shall ho puiehased of tile
publishers of the same.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I offer tho following amend-
ment:
Provided, That for the supply of the new members of this
House with books, the accounting officers of the contingent
iund of this Rouse are hereby required to eiedit the Clerk
of this House with tile amount of money by him actually
paid for said books, and 110 more ; and the >.aid Clerk shall
keep an accurate account of the money by him so actually
paid, and return such account to this House, with the name
ot the person or persons to whom such money may iiave
been by huu paid.
I am in favor of furnishing new members with
the same books as the new members of former
Congresses have been furnished with, and I am
in favor of stopping any abuses which may have
existed m the purchase of books. I am opposed
to putting this matter wholly into the hands of
the Clerk of this House, as it H rumored that he
is to make by this operation more than twenty
or thirty thousand dollars. If these books can
be puAnased for one half the price that has been
heretofore charged for them, there is no reason
why the Clerk should be permitted to credit him-
self for anything more than he pays for them.
Mr. TRIPPE. The operation of this amend-
ment is formally to demand that the Clerk shall
produce vouchers for his expenditures. I appre-
hend tfiat there is already a provision connected
with all expenditures of money.
Mr. WADE. The Clerk furnishes vouchers
for books; but,as I understand it, he charges for
the books at the actual original cost price, when
he gets them at one half or one third of that
amount.
Mr. TRIPPE. Thisamendmentdoesnotmake
the matter more stringent upon the Clerk than it
already is. The amendment conveys an insinu-
ation which I am unwilling to convey by way of
an amendment to this appropriation. I may
remark, by the way, that I am totally opposed
to this whole book matter from beginning to end.
But if we are going to do it, and if we are never
going to stop it, then do not go and put on a general
appropriation bill that which is a direct insult to
your Clerk; that which amounts to nothing less
than the insinuation that he is dishonest; that
which would amount to nothing in law; which,
were he a dishonest Clerk, would not be worth a
snap of the finger; which, were he honest, would
be unnecessary; and which would be rendered to-
tally nugatory by the provisions of former laws
as to the appropriation of money. It is in precise
terms intimating that the Clerk is going to cheat,
and that you will put the law stronger upon him
by reeuacting it.
Mr. WADE. If the Clerk is honest in his
action, it puts no stigma upon him at all; but I
do not understand that it is a stigma on an officer
of the House.
Mr. TRIPPE. I do not say that the gentle-
man from Ohio intends that. I do not believe he
does; but that will be the effect. The statute
now requires tho Clerk to present vouchers for
his expenditures; and the adoption of this amend-
ment would only be reiinacting an already exist-
ing law.
The question was taken; and Mr. Wade's
amendment was rejected.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the appropriation five dollars.
T^ie CHAIRMAN. The amendment has
already been adopted by the committee, and the
gentleman's amendment is therefore not in order.
Mr. STANTON. Then I propose the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall interfere
wiih the contiol of the House over its own contingent fund.
I desire to say but a word or two on this
amendment. I was not present when the book
resolution was adopted. If I had been I proba-
bly should have voted against it. As it is, I am
entitled to the benefit of it. But, for myself, so
far as the question is concerned as to whether the
proposition shall ultimately prevail or not, I do
not care a sixpence. But it seems to me that
this contest between the House and Senate in-
volves the dignity of this House, which it
should maintain at all hazards, and in every ex-
tremity. This is the first instance in which I
have noticed an attempt on the part of one branch
of Congress to interfere with the control of the
contingent fund appropriated for the use of tho
other branch of Congress.
Now, how do we stand? The House passes
a resolution for the purchase of books for its
members, and it appropriates the money to pay
lor them out of its own contingent fund; and now
the Senate takes upon itself to say that we shall
not expend the money in the way we propose to
expend it. If tlj£ House wish to preserve the
least shadow of importance—the least shadow of
dignity—to being considered as an element of this
Government at all, then it must rebuke such an
assault as that upon its privileges. I hold, as a .
member of the House, that in any question in- !
.volving appropriations for the public service of |
the country, whenever there is a controversy i
between the two branches of Congress, the sense !
of the House should always prevail. This is an |
inherent privilege of the immediate Represent-1
atives of the people—the only just tribunal for
levying and disbursing the revenues of the coun-
try . How is it ? Is it true that the two gentle-
men who represent Florida in the other branch
of Congress should have an equal voice in the
levying, assessment, and distribution of the rev-
enues of the country with the thirty-five members
on this floor from the State of New York? Is it
so, sir? On all other questions of general legis-
lation not connected with the revenues of the
country, on questions affecting the relative power
of the States and General Government, the Senate
is entitled to equal consideration with this House.
But the principle of this Government, that rev-
enue bills shall originate in this House, is a prin-
ciple established by the British Parliament, from
whom we borrowed it; and the practice of the
House of Commons is not to tolerate any inter-
ference by the other branch with the rights and
powers of the popular branch of the Legislature.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio
is, I think, mistaken in his facts, and if so, all of
his declamation must fall to the ground. The
item of $250,000, as originally reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means—the miscella-
neous item—was that which first included the
money to pay for the books; but it was so mod-
ified by the House, that the item for books was
separated from the others going to make up the
sum of $250,000, and was made a distinct appro-
priation to itself. Hence, his assertion, that the
Senate had attempted improperly to interfere
with the contingent fund of the House of Repre-
sentatives, does not apply, and is not strictly cor-
rect; for though this book item may be under
the head of contingencies of the House of Repre-
sentatives, yet, in truth, it was not a contingency
as it stood m the bill from the House. This item
the Senate has seen fit to strike out, and therein
it has exercised precisely that jurisdiction which,
as a coordinate branch of this legislative body,
it has a right to exercise. I resisted, while on
the Committee of Ways and Means, appropri-
ations of this character put in the bill by the
Senate. I do not know that there was ever an
issue between us in relation to books—probably
there was not; but whenever the Senate attempted
to ingraft on an appropriation bill an item to come
out of their contingent fund, or out of any other
fund, which the Committee of Ways and Means
regarded as improper, we resisted it.
Sir, the gentleman has lost sight of the great
question involved, which is, is this appropriation
proper and right? Jf it is an appropriation that
should be made, let it be agreed to; but if it ia
not, it is the duty of the Senate, as it is the duty
of every other member of either branch of Con-
gress who so believes, to oppose it. It would be
truly a strange doctrine, if this House should see
fit to make an appropriation (I do not care what
it is, or what the amount may be) which the
Senate deemed improper, that the Senate should
not interrupt it at all. It would be a strange doc-
trine to maintain that, however the House may
err in regard to an appropriation inserted in a bill,
the Senate must not touch that appropriation, be-
cause the House put it there. What a monstrous
absurdity! Would we agree that the Senate
should put in this appropriation bill what they
please, and arc we not to be at liberty to strike
it out? Whoever heard before now of such doc-
trine being advanced or advocated in the House
of Representatives of an American Congress, its
that one House cannot check or arrest the waste,
profligacy, or corruption of the other ? We have
equal powers on the subject of appropriations;
and while I agree with the gentleman from Ohio
in what he said in regard to the origination of
revenue bills, yet, under the Constitution, the
Senate has a right to strike out, or add to, (both
as to amounts and items,) appropriations of the
House; and the House has a right to amend, to
change, to strike out, to modify, at its pleasure,
the Senate's amendments.
I did not intend to interfere in this discussion.
I have had as much to do with these books as I -
care to have. I regard the practice as all wrong,
and I have always resisted it; but the thing is so
perfectly mixed up by the rulings of the Chair,
and the amendments that have been adopted,
that it will require a special committee to tell
what we have done. Perhaps the select com-
mittee on the Pacific railroad had better take
these amendments that have been incorporated
