THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
February 25,
in the State of California; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
newspapers for members.
'Mr. STANTON, byuaanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House is hereby author-
ized to furnish numbers of the House with the amount of
newspapers authorized by the resolution of the last House
o£ Representatives.
introduction of bills and withdrawal
of papers.
Mr. HALL, of Iowa, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce two
bills; which were read a first and second time by
tlieir titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill making a grant of land to the State of
Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State Re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands; and
A bill for the .relief of Joseph Kerr, of Iowa.
Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. KNOX, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
constitute Peoria, in the State of Illinois, a port
of delivery; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. PERRY, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files ol the House ot" the petition and papers of Peter
Grover, for the purpose ofrefeience m the Sfnate.
Mr. GREENWOOD, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce two
bills; which were read a first and second time by
their titles, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands:
A bill to provide for compensation of district
land officers for the performance of certain duty
now required of them by law, and
A bill granting public lands to the States of
Arkansas, Louisiana, and Missouri, in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Springfield, Missouri, via Bentonville, Fay-
etteville, Van Buren, Port Smith, and Fulton, in
the State of Arkansas, to Shreveport, in the State
of Louisiana.
On motion by Mr. BLISS, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal fiom
the files of the House of the petition and papers of Charles
Olcott, and that they be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the motion to adjourn, m order that I
may move to reconsider the vote, authorizing the
Committee of Elections to employ a clerk.
Mr. STEPHENS. I think a clerk ought to
be allowed to that committee, and I cannot with-
draw my motion for the purpose stated by the
gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suggest to the
gentleman from Georgia that this is the last day
upon which a motion to reconsider that vote can
be made.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, I will lot the motion
be entered.
Mr. McMULLIN. I make the motion, and
ask that it may be entered,, as I do not desire a
vote upon it now.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks leave of
the House to present to it certain papers from the
Executive Departments.
No objection being made,
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications; which were read and
disposed of as indicated below:
A communication from the Department of
State, transmitting the annual report of the pas-
sengers arriving in the United States during the
year ending December 31, J855. Laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Treasury, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the provisions of the
twentieth section of the act of August 26,1842, a
detailed statement of the manner in which the
contingent fund of that Department has been ex-
pended, from June 30,1854, to June 30,1855, and
of the southeast building; together with the state-
ments furnished by the heads of the several bu-
reaus in that Department. Laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with the provis-
ions of the eleventh section of the act of the 25th
of August, 1842, a statement of the clerks em-
ployed in that office, and in the several bureaus
of the Treasury Department, for the year 1855.
Laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Legation of the
United States in China, submitting an account
of fees for judicial services, both of receipts and
expenditures, at the several consulates, with ac-
companying exhibits. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
A communication from the Court of Claims,
returning, in compliance with the resolution of
the House of the 13th instant, the petition and
papers of Daniel Winslow, which were referred
to the Court of Claims under a resolution of the
last Congress. Laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
A communication from the Court of Claims,
transmitting, in compliance with aresolution of the
House of the 18th instant, bill (No. 4G5) for the
relief of Isaac Adams, together with the accom-
panying papers, referred to the Court of Claims
under an order of the House of Representatives
of the 3d of March, 1855. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
bills introduced.
Mr. LANE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following bills, of which previous no-
tice had been given; which were severally read a
first and second time by their titles, and referred
as indicated below, viz:
A bill to provide for the payment of commis-
sions to the paymasters in the United States
Army who paid the volunteers of Oregon in the
Rogue river war in 1853. Referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Albon, major
of the United States Armjr. Referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
jepferson's manual, etc.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce
the following resolution:
Resolved, Tliat the Clerk of this House be directed to
procure a copy of the Rules and JeffcisonV Manual to be
printed for the use of the members, to he neatly bound,
and incorporating therein also a copy of the matter usually
contained in the Congiessional Directory.
Mr. STEPHENS. A similar resolution has
already been passed this session.
Mr. BENNETT. I was not aware of the
fact, and therefore withdraw the resolution.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following bills, of which previous no-
tice had been given; which were severally reaila
first and second time by their titles, and referrST
as indicated below.
A bill to establish certain post roads in Mis-
souri. Referred to the Committee on the Post
Oifice and Post Roads.
A bill to make the city of Hannibal a port of
delivery. Referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
A bill to authorize the selection of the residue
of the land granted to the State of Missouri, and
to aid in the construction of the Hannibal and St.
Joseph's Railroad in said State. Rreferred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. SWOPE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to withdraw from the files the petition
and papers in the case of Samuel Perry, in a
matter of claim against the Government for the
transportation of Indian supplies.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 object.
Mr. SWOPE. I am sure the gentleman will
not object when I state that the object I have in
view is to present the papers to the Court of
Claims.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman can do that
under the resolution which has been passed to-
day.
Mr. SWOPE. The case is not pending there
at all.
Mr. LETCHER. I want to know the reason
for allowing the privilege. We have already
passed a resolution to give these papers to the
clerk of the Court of Claims in certain cases.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the order of the House does not cover this case.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The only objection to
granting this general leave is the fear that we
may be giving that court some jurisdiction thereby,
which is not conferred upon it by the law of its
organization.
Mr. SWOPE. I do not ask to have the papers
referred. I ask for leave to withdraw them,
merely.
Mi*. LETCHER. Then I understand the papers
are to be withdrawn for the purpose of giving the
parties the opportunity of presenting them at the
Court of Claims, or to the House again, as they
may think proper. Well, sir, I have been on the
Committee on Claims, and I know what difficul-
ties have arisen out of just such proceedings on
thepart of the House as we are now asked to take.'
Members have obtained leave to withdraw papers'
from the files of the House; the parties have as-
certained upon what grounds they have lost their
cases before the Committee on Claims; they have
revised the papers, so as to remove the difficulty;
and have again presented them in a shape by
which their cases were made out. That is precise-
ly the reason why I object to the gentleman's
request now to withdraw, unconditionally, these
papers.
Mr. SWOPE. I am willing that copies of the
papers shall be left on file, i ask leave to with-
draw them with that understanding.
Mr. LETCHER. If you will take copies and
leave the original papers, I have no objection.
Mr. SWOPE. No, sir. Mr. Speaker, I am
very much surprised at the objection which has.
been raised by my friend from Virginia to the
application for leave to withdraw these papers
from the files of the House. I will withdraw my
application, hoping that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will look into the case and satisfy himself
of the propriety of the request.
I now ask leave to withdraw from the files the
letter addressed by General Hull to Captain
Wallace.
There being no objection,leave was granted.
CLERK TO THE COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN
AFFAIRS.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask leave to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be au-
thorized to employ a clerk, at the usual rate ot'compensation,
for such time as they may deem necessary.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and thereupon (at
fifteen minutes before four o 'clock) the House ad-
journed until Monday next, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 25, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, information of the amount necessary
to complete the fortification at Pea Patch Island,
in the Delaware river, and the time wirhm which
the work can he done; which, on motion by Mr.
Brodhead, was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, a copy of the report of the board
of naval officers, convened in pursuance of the
act of February 28,1855, to promote the efficiency
of the Navy; which, on motion by Mr. Clay,
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, the correspondence in relation to
the inspection of the steam frigate San Jacinto
at New York, on her late return from the West
Indies; which, on motion by Mr. Brodhead,
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
widows of revolutionary soldiers residing in the
