4*a
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 18,
34th Cong....1st Skss.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. WeUer.
Senate.
It has been found by these surveys that the ,
Colorado river is thirty-seven feet above the level j
of the desert, so that it can be readily irrigated. (
I have alluded to this circumstance here to show
how much we have been m istaken in the opinions
heretofore expressed in reference to th* character
of that country. ... , _ ..
Four different routes for railroads to the Pacific
hare been surveyed, the maps and profiles of
which are now before us. One of these routes
has been pronounced impracticabje—the route
near the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth parallels
of latitude; but Inave no doubt that further ex-
plorations will show this to be a mistake.
Whilst I have the utmost confidence in the in-
telligence and ability of the officers in charge of
this portion of the surveys, I do not think that ftill
justice has been done to this route. It possesses
some advantages over the other routes, and by a ,
alight deflection a pass will be found at a much
lower elevation than that indicated by its profile.
I have before me a summary of the reports of
these different surveys, prepared by the Secretary
of War, which I now read:
« Tba advantages and disadvantages of the several routes
maj be bnefly recapitulated, a* follow*:
" I. JMi Mir lit forty ttvtmih and forty-ninth jwr-
alleU.—The advantage* at this route are—its low profile,
which is important in relation to climate; its easy grades,
and small amount of ascents and descents, both important
it" the road should be developed to its foil working power;
the great extenstoa west of the prairie lands; in the supplies
of timber over the western halt of the route; the facilities
which the Columbia river and its tributaries, and the Mis-
souri, will afford to the construction of the road; in the
abort distance from the Mississippi to a sea-port of the
Pacific, (one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four miles
to Vancouver;) in the western terminus of the road on
Paget sound being nearer to the ports of Asia than the
termini of the other routes; in the proiimity of the eastern
terminus to Lake Superior, from which a continuous navi-
gation for sea-going vessels extends to the Atlantic ocean;
and in the existence of coal on Puget sound.
" Its disadvantages are—the difficult and costly construe- !
tion, including a long tunnel, through a mountain region of
five hundred and fifty miles, (comprising ninety miles on
the Columbia river;) the delay in construction, and the
liabilities of the road to great injury and destruction through
a large part of this region from the high freshets on the
Bitter Boot, Flathead, Clarke fork, and Columbia rivers;
in the severe and long winters on die prunes east of the
Bocky Mountains, and on the greater portion of the route
suspending labor in the open air for such a large part of the
year, and impeding the working of the road when built;
in the distance of its western terminus from that port, (Ban
Francisco,) wl ich will give the only large travel and busi-
ness which may be counted upon with certainty; and,
finally, its proximity throughout to the frontier of a power-
ful foreign sovereignty.
'• II. Route near the forty-fint amI forty-second far-
mUtU—Its advantages are—comparatively cheap construc-
tion, due to the favorable (features of the Bocky Mountain
system in this latitude, and those of the Great Basin, both
of which result in a low sum of ascents and descents, which
would be a favorable element should the full working
power of the road be developed; in the mountains being
passed without tunnels; the probability of its possessing
extensive coal-fields in the middle of the route; and in the
aid which its conjunction would receive from the popula-
tion of Utah.
"Its disadvantages are—the very difficult and costly con-
struction along the Sacramento river for one hundred and
thirty-ax miles; the construction through the calion of the
Tinpanocos; die costly construction through the Black >
Hills to the South Pass, for nearly three hundred miles,
(the route by the Cheyenne Pass apparently giving an
equally costly road;) in the great elevation of the summits
in the Bocky Mountain system; and in the great elevation
of its plain, and the long and severe winters on it, and the
prairies east of the Bocky Mountains, suspending labor for
several months of the year, and impeding the working of
the road when completed, by their seventy, and the snows
an the prairies and in the mountain ravines and gorges.
" III. Route near the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth par-
allel*.—No peculiar advantage was developed in the explo-
ration of this route, ea.-ept the probability of the existence
of extensive coal fields in the valleys of the Grand and
Green rivers.
" The extraordinary difficulties to be overcome from the
Coo-cbetopa Pass to the Great Basin (five hundred miles)
render the route impracticable. The elevations of the
passes in the Bocky Mountains are the greatest found, being
nine thousand two hundred, and ten thousand feet, the
, latter, the Coo-che-to pa Pass, requiring a tunnel at an
elevation of nine thousand five hundred feet.
"IV. Route near the thirty-fifth parallel.—The advant-
ages of this route consist in water and fuel being generally
less scanty than on the others, excepting that of the forty-
seventh and forty-ninth parallels; in a better supply of
timber west of the Bio Grande; in the greater mildness of
the winter than on the routes north of H; in the temperate
character of the summer over nearly the whole route; in
no tunnels being required on the Bocky Mountain passes,
and none on the route to San Francisco by the Tay-ee-
chay-pah Pass; in the probability of tbe existence of coal-
fields in tbe middle of the route; and in the assistance that
the population of New Mexico and the Mexican provinces
of Chihuahua and Sonora may ' '
supporting tbe road.
give in constructing and
"The disadvantages are—its greater length from the
Mississippi to the Pacific than the route south of it; the ap-
parently rough and broken character of the country through
which much of it lies; its much greater cost, and the greater
number of ascents and descents, the sum of which is tbe
greatest of the four routes, and which would become seri-
ously objectionable should the ftill working power of the
road be developed.
" V. Routt ntar the thirty-second parallel.—Its advant-
ages are—the short distance from the eastern terminus to a
Pacific port, (one thousand six hundred and eighteen
mile3;) the small cost of the road, it being to a Pacific port
less than two thirds of the cost of the cheapest of the other
routes, and to San Francisco $*>>000,000 less than the least
of the others, (die cheapness of construction being due to
the location ot the route upon more than one thousand
miles of table-lands and plains;) in the open and otherwise
favorable features of the mountain passes; the lowness of
their summits; in their natural slopes admitting of use
without extensive and costly preparation; in the mild
winters and temperate summers of all the route except
that portion of the Gila and Colorado desert where, for
three hundred and fifty miles, labor in the open air must be
suspended for three months of the year; in there being no
reason to apprehend difficulties, impediments, delays, and
dangers from snow and Ice; in the coal-fields of the
Brazos; and in the aid that the population of New Mexico
and the provinces of Chihuahua and Sonora may give in
constructing and supporting the road.
" Its disadvantages are—tbe cost of construction of a
portion between the Pecos and Bio Grande; the circuitous
route to San Francisco from the plains of Los Angelos,
whiah, unless further explorations determine a more direct
route, rsauires a second crossing of tbe coast range, and a
passage through the Sierra Nevada; in the sum of ascents
< and descents being the next largest after that of the thirty-
! fifth parallel, the extent of which objection depends upon
I tbe amount of business to be done on the road; and,finally,
in the scanty supply of water and fuel on the route." i
Not having had the opportunity to examine J
critically this summary, I am not prepared to
speak of its fairness; but I am inclined to believe
that, while it does not over-estimate the advantages
of any route, it depreciates the value and impor-
tance of some of them. And it may, perhaps, be
found that this summary does not fully present
the reports made by the engineers in charge of
the respective routes; ao that those who desire to
obtain exact information on this subject must
refer to the reports themselves. j
The first route—near the forty-seventh and for-
ty-ninth parallels, from St. Paul a to Vancouver— |
is put down at 1,864 miles equatorial distance;
and its cost was estimated by Governor Stevens
at a fraction over one hundred and ten millions
of dollars. The summit of the highest pass on j
this route is 6,044 feet.
The route from St. Paul's to Seattle, near the
same parallel, is 2,025 miles, estimated to cost
over one hundred and seventeen millions;and the
highest summit is the same as the first route.
The route near the forty-first and forty-second
parallels, via South Pass, from Council Bluffs to
Benecia, California, is put down at 2,032 miles
equatorial distance; estimated cost over one hun-
dred and sixteen millions; highest pass 8,273 feet.
This route passes through Utah Territory, now
inhabited by some seventy-five thousand indus-
trious, hard-working Mormons, who, with their
energy and enterprise, would contribute largely
towards the construction of the road. This route,
running through Noble's Pass, would strike the
head waters of the Sacramento river near Fort
Reading. The accounts which I have received
from intelligent persons—emigrants, trappers, and
drovers—who have passed along this route, rep-
resent that country as much more productive, and
in all respects much more valuable, than the re-
ports of our engineers make it. Colonel Noble,
the discoverer of the pass which bears his name—
a frontier man of great intelligence and integrity—
has passed over this route several times, and rep-
resents a large portion of that country to be ex-
ceedingly fertile. This description is confirmed
by many intelligent gentlemen with whom I have
conversed on this subject.
The line from Westport to San Francisco, be-
tween the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth parallels,
by the Coo-che-to-paandTay-ee-chay-pah passes,
is estimated at two thousand and eighty miles.
No estimates have been made of the probable cost
of this route. The highest pass is ten thousand
and thirty-two feet.
The route between the same parallels and the
same points by the Coo-che-to-pa ani Madeline
passes is two thousand two hundred and ninety
miles; highest elevation the same as the one I
have just stated.
The route on the thirty-fifth parallel, from Fort
Smith to San Pedro, on the Pacific, is one thous-
and seven hundred and sixty miles, equatorial dis-
tance. The grades on this route are not equal to
those of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad. Although
the first estimate of the cost of this route w$s
$169,000,000, additional information has now-
been received, which reduces this estimate to a
fraction over eighty-six millions of dollars. I may
as well here remark, that it will be found in the
end that all these estimates are extravagant. The
highest point on this route is seven thousand four
hundred and seventy-two feet.
The route from Fort Smith to San Francisco,
crossing direct from the Mojave river to the Tay-
ee-chay-pah pass—distance two thousand and
twenty-five miles—is estimated to cost a little over
ninety-fourmillions;and the summitof the highest
pass is the same as on the route last named.
The route on the thirty-second parallel, from
Fulton to San Pedro, on the Pacific, is set down at
one thousand six hundred and eighteen equatorial
miles; the cost at a little less than sixty-nir.e mil-
lions; the highest point at five thousand seven
hundred and seventeen feet.
The route from Fulton to San Francisco is two
thousand and thirty-nine miles; estimated cost a
little over ninety-three millions; and the highest
point on this route the Bame.
I have no preference to express with regard to
any of these routes. I stand here as the represent-
ative of the whole State of California. I nave no
other ambition than to connect the waters of the
Mississippi with the Pacific ocean; and to me, per-
sonally, it is a matter of indifference which route
is finally adopted. When I become the advocate
of sectional interests, 1 hope my constituents
will have patriotism enough to dismiss me. A
position in this Chamber could have no attrac-
tions for me, after I had ceased to enjoy the con-
fidence and respect of those with whom my des-
tinies are united. Then, the post of honor would
be a private station. Whilst here, I will endeavor
to discharge my duties faithfully, honestly, and
in such a manner that hereafter no one shall
blush who has hitherto sustained me. My con-
duct, as a Senator, will soon be passed upon by
those who sent me here; and, be their decision
what it may, not one word of complaint will be *
uttered by me.
Nor do I regard the route which may be event-
ually selected, so important as other Senators
seem to consider it. No matter where located,
branches will intersect it from the north and the
south, as the business and commerce of the coun-
try demand it. Differences of opinion of course
existed amongst the members of the committee
of which I am the chairman, as to the route
which ought to be selected; but, in a spirit of
compromise, they have laid aside their predilec- ♦
tions, and have agreed to submit that question to
the tribunal named, under the limitations con-
tained in the bill. I hope the same spirit may
pervade our councils in the Senate, and that that
sectional feeling which has embarrassed us in the
past will not impede us in the future.
So far as California is concerned, San Ftan-
cisco, the great city of the Pacific, has sufficient
capital ana public spirit speedily to connect with
the road, take what route it may.
I am glad to find, by the report of the engineers,
that a route, eminently practicable, has been
found from the mouth of the Gila to San Fran-
cisco. I will only trouble the Senate with a short
extract from the report on that subject.
It says:
" A rough reduction of portions of the field-work, at the
most difficult points, shows that a railroad route from the'
headwaters of the Salinas, through the spurs of the Coast
range, direct to the plains of Los Angeles, is not practica-
ble; whilst that along the coast route is eminently so. With
equal length, it has the advantage over the route by New
(Williamson's) and Tay-ee-chay-pnh Passes, of a less sum
of ascents and descents, less elevation, (the greatest at-
tained being one thousand three hundred and fifty feet above
the sea.) less cost of construction, and of passing continu-
ously through a settled and cultivated country. The grades
are favorable, the greatest required being, with a cut oi'sixty
feet at the summit, one hundred and twtnty-iive feet per
mile for tbe space of fifteen miles, (ascending and descend-
ing;) and this, it is believed, can be reduced to one hundred
feet per mile, by a tunnel one thousand feet long."
As to the cost of constructing this road, Sena-
tors will be enabled to form some opinion from
the table which I now hold in my hand, exhib-
iting the cost of such roads in different sections
of this Union:
