1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14.
to thank Mr. Schenck for having informed us of
the conflicting interests involved in this bill, and
the unjust effect of our action.
I do not suppose that when this bill was passed
there was a gentleman in the Senate who knew
that there were conflicting interests involved.
When private rights are at stake, we ought to hear
patiently before we act. In such a case we be-
come judges of the rights of men. We are not mere
almoners of the bounty of the United States, to
give the public property to whom we please, but
we stand here in a judicial capacity, deciding be-
tween the various interests involved, and we ought
to be careful what we do. I ask, Mr. President,
whether, at the time when this bill was passed,
without explanation, with out argument, there was
anybody here who knew that this great central
railroad, running through Iowa, was to be annihi-
lated by the action of the Senate? Did you know
that the people of Iowa had more than $200,000
invested in it; that contracts were made for the
construction of the road; and that this bill takes
from it the very land requisite for the road bed,
and renders the construction of the work impossi-
ble ? The Senator from Iowa told us, the other
day, that this road was a speculation merely.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I say so yet; and with-
out any real intention to build the road, except
in the " air," or on the map.
Mr. WADE. The prdfeeedings of these com-
panies, to which reference has been made, show
that, supposing from the former action of Con-
gress that they would not be likely to obtain a
grant of land, they met together in May, J855,
to consider what they should do. After the most
thorough deliberation, they concluded that they
would proceed to prosecute the work with what
money they could raise on the line from the per-
sons interested in it throughout its whole length.
I have already alluded to the fact, .that they have
graded one hundred and ten miles in Illinois, and
forty miles in Iowa, and have expended almost
thiec hundred thousand dollars in the enterprise.
They have raised a large sum of money, I think
more than six hundred thousand dollars, in the
shape of subscriptions toward the construction
of the road. They have been doing this under
the apprehension that they should not be able to
get any aid from the General Government. A
contract has been made to pay more than a million
of dollars, and a large amount of it has been al-
ready paid. Notwithstanding these facts, we are
told that this is a kiting operation—a mere spec-
ulation. What in the name of Heaven is there
to speculate upon here? You have granted no
land for this road. Individuals have advanced
their money to carry it on, trusting for their re-
ward hereafter, when the work shall be completed,
to its intrinsic merits. Is it fair and just to say
that this is a mere speculative enterprise?
I hope the Senator from Iowa will tell us how
men speculate in such a manner. 1 can readily
comprehend how there might be a speculation of
a different nature. A man may seek to run roads
as thick as your fingers through the western coun-
try, ask for great grants of land for them, and
get those lands into the hands of corporations,
and the work never be carried out. I can readily
conceive how a merely speculative operation may
be carried on in that way; but how the action of
a company relying on themselves, unaided by the
Government, appealing to the intrinsic meriis
of their enterprise to couimend it to public favor,
is to be consideied speculative, I know not.
The imputation is unjust, uncalled for, and
unwarranted. Whether this road will be worth
anything, remains to be seen. That the parties
interested arc going on with energy and in good
faith, investing large sums of money in it, is un-
doubtedly true.
Mr. President, Yankees are said to have the
privilege of guessing; and I can guess why Chi-
cago, and that portion of Illinois interested in it,
is very cool in regard to thisCentral road. When
it is constructed, it will be a rival to the Chicago
roads. If runs south of Chicago, and must divert
business from it. But this is a point on which I
shall not dwell.
The Senator from Illinois told us that this was
a meritorious work, and would receive his vote
if it were brought forward in a separate bill. He
said that this was a great and worthy enterprise,
but that he understood its friends were in favor of
inserting a fifth road in this bill. He was labor-
ing under an entire misapprehension with regard
to that point.
The roads provided for in the bill fatally con-
flict and interfere with the one of which 1 have
spoken, which has been located and in which so
deep an interest has been taken. We only ask
for a modification of this bill, so as not to inter-
fere with the rights of that road. We'do notask
you to abandon your enterprises. We think that
you can drop one or two of these roads with ad-
vantage to yourselves and to everybody else. At
any rate we think that, upon this great matter,
we are entitled to a hearing at the hands of the
committee, and afterwards, if need be, before the
Senate when the committee shall have deliberated
upon it.
Sir, do I ask anything unreasonable in behalf
of the private rights involved in this road, when
I ask you to listen to their agent and hear what
he can advance in behalf of those whose inter-
ests are committed to him ? Is this asking any-
thing wrong or unusual ? Is there a gentleman
here prepared to say that this great and compli-
cated measure, involving millions of acres of
the public lands, conflicting with the rights of
those who have invested large sums of money in
other enterprises, has already received at the
hands of the Senate that careful deliberation which
a bill of this importance justly deserves?
1 do not stand here condemning the projects con-
tained in the bill. I have given my impressions
in regard to it, but those impressions may be
wrong. It may bo, after all, that the Senator
from Iowa, on full investigation, producing all
his testimony, will be able to convince the com-
mittee that he is right. Nobody will bow more
cheerfully than myself to the decision which they
may make. I am not ordinarily contentious. I
only ask for what seems to me to be fair, in be-
half of those whose interests are involved. 1 ask
that they shall not be condemned without a hear-
ing. I hope that the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] who so eloquently defended the rights
of those naval officers who have been stricken
down without a hearing, will apply his own doc-
trines to this case. His remarks were very just,
and they made a deep impression on my mind.
I can never be content to allow a man's right to
be affected by a decision which is made without
allowing him to be heard and to produce all the
evidence which he can bring forward to sustain
him.
For this reason I am not satisfied with your
action in regard to this bill. 1 am entirely sat-
isfied with my own vote, but I am not satisfied
with the votes of other gentlemen, and I think
they ought not to be satisfied with them. I do
not blame them for their votes, for I know how
these measures pass when onr attention is not
called to them by debate. Hills slip through the
Senate very easily if no opposition is made to
them, and those interested do not come forward.
It is their duty to come forward to giv<* us inform-
ation. Here, however, the advocate of the rights
of those who are so deeply implicated in this
measure, when he comes forward, on the first
occasion when he had an opportunity, is censured
because he has called your attention to it!
Sir, I move for a new trial in this case. This
is all that I ask. I say that the party was taken
by surprise, and well he might be surprised. In
fact, he had no trial at all; you took a snap-
judgment on him.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Docs the Senator say
that he had no trial in the House of Represent-
atives? Was he not heard there?
Mr. WADE.* I cannot say that he was.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. He was heard there.
Mr. WADE. I know nothing in regard to
that matter except what I have heard. Let me
say to the Senator from Iowa now, that 1 do not
indulge in chit-chat on this floor; I do not relate
conversations which I have had with individuals
outside the Chamber, because it would be unfair,
and no one could answer me on such statements.
1 may say, in answer to the Senator, that I did
hear that gentlemen of the House of Repre-
sentatives were not, satisfied with what they had
done in regard to this bill. I do not know that it
is in order for us to take cognizance of what does
or does not take place in the House of Represent-
atives, but I know, from the precipitate manner m
which this bill was acted on in the House, that it
was put through under the previous question, and
that it was moved as a substitute for an entirely
different proposition which had been pending in
the House. Prom this I argue that it is impos-
sible that there could have been a hearing there.
How can a man have a hearing upon a proposi-
tion reported as a substitute for a bill which is
pending^ and entirely different from it, which is
passed under the previous question, which is as
inexorable as the hand of fate, and allows no man-
to interfere or speak in behalf of any one's right?
Do .you call that a hearing?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I know from the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands of the
House of Representatives, and from my colleague
in the House, [Mr. Thorington,] who is a mem-
ber of that committee, that Mr. Schenck did ap-
pear before them; that he submitted his proposi-
tion to them, and that they rejected it. The chair-
man of the committee told me so this morning.
My colleague in the House told me so the other
day. It may be said that he has had no hearing
because he cannot come on this floor and speak,
and could not go on the floor of the House of
Representatives and speak. I know that; but he
has had able champions here to speak for him,
and to utter the words which he dictates from
behind the bar.
Mr. WADE. I am authorized to say that there
was no hearing; that Mr. Schenck never was be-
fore any committee, and did not even know that
there was such a bill there. But, sir, I do not rest
the case upon this point. I rest it upon its gen-
eral principles and bearings.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. There is a question of
veracity here, and I desire to have it settled be-
fore the Senator proceeds further. We are told
now that Mr. Schenck says there was no hear-
ing; that he had no conversation with the House
committee, and did not know that there was such
a bill pending. 1 have a letter from Mr. Tiior-
imgtov, a member of the Committee on Public
Lands of the House of Representatives, and one
from Mr. Bennett, of New York, the chairman
of that committee. I ask that one of them may
be read, so as to show whether or not he ever
talked to them on this proposition.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Hall of the House of Representatives,
May 14,1856.
Sir : I am told that considerable stress is'placed upon a
supposed understanding existing between Mr.Schenek (who
says he is president of the Fort Wayne railroad) and my-
self, with an agieement on your part to eany it oat in the
Senate if it latled in the Hoiwe.
1 have letoiejiee to a contemplated amendment to the
11 Iowa land bill.''
X eeitamly cannot think that Mr. Sehcnck will urge this
with any &ei loudness ; for he must he aware that Ae, in
presence of tiie Hon. Mr. Bennett, chairman of the Com-
mittee ou Public Lands in the House, and myself, receded
from the understanding existing between us, and avowed
himself hostile to the bill in its present form, or with the
proposed amendment attached, and declared his intention
to defeat its passage ; that he did use his best endeavors to
defeat it.
I am not aware of any of the friends of the so-called
Fort Wayne railroad yielding the bill any support.
Your* truly, JAMES THORINGTON.
General George W. Jones.
As far as the facts arc within my knowledge, the fore-
going statement of Mr. Thorington f believe to be substan-
tially correct. HENRY BENNETT.
Mr. WADE. I do not perceive that that con-
flicts at all with the statement which I have made
on Mr. Schenck *s authority. The letter which
has been read states that Mr. Schenck met the
chairman of the House committee somewhere,
and gave him notice that he had objections which
he desired to have considered
Mr. FOOT. With the consent of the Senator
from Ohio, and inasmuch as the {Senator from
Iowa has introduced a letter explanatory of some
proceedings in the House of Representatives, I
am authoiized to present a correspondence be-
tween Mr. Schenck and a leading member of that
House, his own immediate Representative, in ref-
erence to some occurrences on this very question,
and to show in what manner this bill was put
through the House. I will read, in the first place,
the letter of Mr. Schenck to Mr. Campbell, of
Ohio:
Washington, May 12,1856.
My dear. Sir : On the passage, last Friday, in the House
of Representatives, of the bill granting lands to aid m the
consuuction of lailroads m Iowa, you voted in the affirm-
ative. That bill makes no piovision, in any way. for a
giant to the Philadelphia, Fort Wayne, and Platte' River
air-line railroad, being the Iowa section of the groat line
ftom Foit Wayne to Council Bluffs, nor did itsecuie or pro-
tect the interests of &aid load. Knowing you to have been
