THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
laiid and this Government in reference to certain
controverted matters of construction that had
arisen upon the convention between the two coun-
tries, of July, 1850, called the Clayton:Bulwer
treaty, and of other matters connected with Cen-
tral America that were interesting to the two coun-
tries, These documents have gone. to the world,
and I doubt not that the public judgment in this
country is made up on the question between the
two countries, as to on which side the right is
found.
The President, in his annual message, while
giving- to the country a brief history of the differ-
ences that had arisen between the Government
of England and this Government on the alleged
attempts on the part of England to rccruit Tier
armies for the Russian war by enlistments made,
either directly or indirectly, within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States, refrained—and, doubt-
less, refrained on proper consideration—from
communicating to the country the correspond-
ence which had passed between the two Govern-
ments on that subject. He said, however, that,
at a future day, it probably would become im-
portant or desirable to communicate that inform-
ation.
"We have seen, within the last few days, by a
late arrival from England, that the Earl of Clar-
endon, who is, as I understand, the Minister of
Foreign Relations of Great Britain, availed him-
self of an occasion in the House of Lords to give
the British version of those difficulties. As I un-
derstand, sir, that noble lord was either not in
possession of all the information connccted with
that subject, or he looks upon it in a very differ-
ent light from that in which it must be viewed by
this country and by our Government.
Sir, it has been the usage—and the proper usage,
I believe, of all administrations—to keep our fel-
dow-countrymcn informed of great ana leading
measures or events alfectingthe interest or honor
of the country. The public judgment is thus
made up in advance upon safe materials, furnished
for the purpose of general information; and upon
examining into this subject, I have become satis-
fied that the time has now arrived, more especially
in view of what has transpired in England*, giving
the British view of this subject, when all the
documents and correspondence connected with it
should be laid before the country; and, amongst
other reasons, because, if not done, the effect
nmy be to leave our people either uninformed or
misinformed by the character of the information
which has been given oil the other side of the
Atlantic.
I have therefore offered this resolution, asking
for the communication* of all the correspondence
and documents connected with the attempt of
England to recruit her armies for the Russian
war—as we believe, in derogation of the sovereign
rights of the country, and in violation of our
police laws.
Mr. JAMES. Mr. President, I wish to express
my hearty concurrence with, and approval of,
the resolution offered by the honorable Senator
from Virginia. It is time, sir, that the country
should be made acquainted with all the facts con-
nected with the pending controversies between
lour Government and that of Great Britain. We,
as yet, arc m possession of the documents rela-
tive to one of the two great questions only, pre-
sented with the President's annual message, and
which relate to what is termed the Central Amer-
ican question. It may prove that those which
relate to the other question—that of enlistments
in this country for the British service in Russia—
especially demand the grave consideration of
Congress. I do not design to anticipate what the
President may deem proper to communicate on
the subject; but I avail myself of this opportu-
nity to make two or three statements of matters
most important to the country, which seem to
have passed from notice even here, and to be
altogether unknown in Great Britain. These
facts, on due reflection, will serve to fully justify
the course pursued by the American Government.
Sir, the British declaration of war against Rus-
sia bears date Westminster, March 28,1854. On
the 21st of April ensuing, Mr. Crampton, the
British Minister to the United States, communi-
cated the fact of this declaration to our Govern-
ment. (See Executive Doc., 1st Series, Vol. xii.,
Thirty-Third Cong., H. Doc. 103.)
Mr Crampton also presented another declara-
tion, bearing the same date, in which his Govern-
ment expressed its intention to waive, for the
present, in favor of neutral commerce, some of
its previous pretensions to belligerent rights.
In making this communication, Mr. Crampton
proceeded to express the earnest hope of his
Government, that the Government of the United
States would not suffer any privateers under Rus-
sian colors to be fitted out and equipped in any
of its ports; and that our Government would
prevent any of our citizens from taking part in
any such armament of the nation, or in any other
procedure in violation of a strict neutrality. To
this, Mr. Marcy, Secretary of State, replied,
under date of the same month—April 28th; and
after some other pertinent observations, proceeds
to say to Mr. Crampton, as follows:
" The undersigned is directed by the President to state to
her Majesty's Minister to this Government that the United
States, while claiming the full enjoyment of their rights us
a neutral Power, will ob&eive thestrictestncutrality towards
each and all the belligerents. The laws of this country
impose severe restrictions not only upon its own ciUzens,
but upon all persons who may be residents within any of
tne Territories of the United States, against equipping pri-
vateers, receiving commissions, or enlisting men therein
for the purpose of taking a part in any foreign war. It is
not apprehended that there will be any attempt to violate
the Jaws ; bat should the just expectation of the President
be disappointed, he will not fail in his duty to use all the
power with wlueh he is invested to enforce obedience to
them. Considerations of interest and the obligations of duty
alike give assurance that the citizens of the United States
Will in no way compromit the neutrality of the country by
participating in the contest in which the principal Powers
of Euiope are now unhappily engaged."
The Senate will now perceive, that Mr. Marcy
here assures the British Government, in the most
emphatic and explicit terms, not only that our
Government will not allow any privateers to be
fitted out or equipped in any of our ports, but
that they will not allow any men to be enlisted
in the tfnited States. I may here remark that,
when Mr. Crampton applied to have naval equip-
ments in favor of Russia prevented, he seems to
have entirely lost sight of the fact that such equip-
ments were no more a violation of the laws of
neutrality, than the enlistment of men for the
land service of Great Britain; or, if he did not
lose sight of it, he should have borne in mind
that his application for the Government to pre-
vent the violation of the laws of neutrality in
favor of Russia, was an implied pledge of honor
that neither lie nor his Government would attempt
their violation as against Russia, and in favor of
Great Britain. Mr. Marcy would never have
permitted himself to presume, that Mr. Crampton
would be guilty of the indecency to ask the United
States Government to maintain its neutrality
against Russia, and to violate it in favor of Great
Britain. We, therefore, had a pcrfcct right to
look on this application as a declaration of honor,
on the part of the British Government, that they,
at least, would respect our neutrality and our
laws, let Russia attempt what she might.
Notwithstanding this implied pledge of honor,
a different course was pursued. The British Par-
liament was assembled at an early day, on the
special call of the Minister. It met on the 12th
duy of December, 1854, for the special purpose,
primarily, of enabling the Minister to have a law
enacted for the enlistment of foreigners into the
British service. The bill was introduced into the
House of Lords on the first day of the session;
and had its second reading two days afterwards;
and was pressed with the whole power of the
Government through that House in little more
than one week. The bill was introduced by the
Duke of Newcastle, then Minister of War, and
was advocated and defended chiefly by him and
the Marquis of Lansdowne. It was earnestly op-
posed by others, such as the Earl of Ellenborough,
and the Eail of Derby. The Minister, it is true,
did not expressly say, but certainly allowed the
House of llordsto suppose, that the foreign enlist-
ments were to be effected by secret arrangements
with some of the Governments of Europe; and
under thin false impression the bill finally passed
the House of Lords. All this appears clearly
from the speeches delivered on both sides of the
question, as reported by Hansard.
From the House of Lords the foreign enlist-
ment act was introduced into the House of Com-
mons by Lord John Russell, and pushed through,
by his elforts and those of Lord Palmerstofi,
against the most anxious and earnest resistance,
not only of their political opponents in the Com-
mons, but also by many of their friends. It was
earnestly opposed by Lord Stanley, Mr. Disraeli,
Sir Edward Lytton Bulwer, and many others,
who felt and declared that it would be dishon-
orable to England thus to express, indirectly, a
conviction of the military incompetency of her
own people, and to traverse other countries beg-
ging or stealing mercenaries to fight her battles
with Russia. To all this the reply of Lord John
Russell was, as well as that of "Cord Palmerston,
we must have the bill, for we cannot carry on the
war without it. It becomes a stern necessity: if
you pass not this bill, we shall throw up our com-
missions, and leave the country without a gov-
ernment in the very crisis of a foreign war.
Thus, and only thus, they succeeded in bullying
the House of Commons into their measure, and
pushed the bill through, against the better judg-
ment of many, and the sense of honor of the
whole body.
Mr. President, in reading the report of the
debate in the House of Commons, it appears that
honorable and grave members intreatea Ministers
to say how and where they expected to obtain
foreign troops; that the Ministers were frequently
admonished that it was against all principle for
the British Government to undertake tQ„ enter
within the limits of a foreign State, for the pur-
pose of raising recruits, without the consent of
such State; that, should the foreign State consent,
it would be a violation of its neutrality; that, if
it did not consent, then its neutrality would be
violated and outraged by Great Britain. And
one member put his objections in the following
language. I am astonished that against all these
remonstrances the bill passed:
u If it was pointed out that some Power, or some foreign
nation, was willing to allow its subjects to be cnh&ted by
this country for the puipose of making war with Russia,
and yet maintain its neutrality—which was a principle
contended for by some—then he asserted that it was a dan -
gerous pnnciple to lay down. If this were the principle of
the bill j what could we say if Russia were to hire privateers
from the U nited States? Should they not be told that any
country might4 let out' its men and forces without breaking
its neutrality, and that we had ourselves laid down that
principle by a deliberate act of the British Parliament?"
It was in the face of Mr. Marcy's solemn as-
surance to Mr. Crampton of the 28th of April,
1854, and to the admonitory arguments of the
opponents of the bill in the House of Commons,
that Lord Palmerston, having procured the enact-
ment of it, proceeded, in February, 1855, to carry
it out in the United States. Of course, the law
officers of the United States opposed it. We all
well remember the agitation, and the flagrant dis-
turbance of the peace which the enlistment of re-
cruits for the British service produced during last
summer in Boston, New York, and Philadelphia.
At length it was discovered that, although the
business was conducted by Sir Gaspard Le Mar-
chant, the British Governor of Nova Scotia, yet,
in fact, it was under the conduct and zealous per-
sonal superintendence of Mr. Crampton, the Brit-
ish Minister at Washington. The President has
of course demanded of the British Government
ample reparation for this outrage against the sov-
ereignty and neutral rights of the United States.
He would have dishonored his station and his
country had he omitted to do so. I applaud him
myself—I believe we all applaud him; and every
American will applaud him for his course to put
a stop to the business of British enlistments in our
land, which is not distinguishable in* principle
from impressment on the sea, which was not less
sternly rebuked by Jefferson and Madison.
Sir, the Earl of Clarendon, in the speech re-
cently made by liini at the opening of Parliament,
undertook to state two positions which require to
be met by an entire contradiction at once, in the
only place where that contradiction can be clothed
with authority—in the Senate of the United States.
1. Lord Clarendon assumes to justify the acts
of Mr. Crampton, and, in relation to them, says
he has done nothing which should give umbrage
to the United States; nay, that what he did was
satisfactory to Mr. Marcy. I take it for granted,
sir, that when we come to see the dispatches,
we shall find that this imposition on Mr. Marcy
will be totally destitute of foundation. Instead
of being satisfied in having the British recruiting
service prosecuted in the United States, he had, as
we have seen, more than a year before, solemnly
notified the British Government that it should not
be done. As to the participation of Mr, Cramp-
ton in the business, it is absolutely astonishing
