1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
that any one should venture to utter a word in
its justification, it was so notoriously at war with
the rights of neutrality and national honor. Mr.
President, I have learned from numerous original
letters from Mr. Crampton, and the British offi-
cers with whom he corresponded on this subject,
to say nothing of his official instructions to Brit-
ish Consuls and other persons, now on file in the
Department of State, that which proves fully the
scandalous activity of Mr. Crampton in the com-
mission of those acts by which our rights and our
municipal laws, as a neutral Power, were so
basely outraged.
2. But Lord Clarendon, in his second speech,
declares that our laws were not violated by Mr.
Crampton. It is somewhat astonishing that Lord
Clarendon should have ventured on'such a dec-
laration; and it becomes still more so, when we
perceive that he relies for this opinion on a remark
made by Judge Kane, in the month of April, at a
very early stage of the proceedings, to the ciTcct
that it dia not constitute a violation of the law for
a Government agent merely to pay the passage
money of voluntary recruits from Philadelphia to
Halifax. Lord Clarendon is very careful to forget
to state that, when the cases came on to be tried
in jNew York and Philadelphia, in September,
before Judges Ingersoll and Kane, these honor-
able judges charged, in the most explicit terms,
that the acts proved were in violation of law; and,
moreover, that the proofs established the fact of
the guilty complicity of Mr. Crampton with them.
In order that Lord Clarendon, or any one else in
Great Britain, may not hereafter have any excuse
founded on ignorance of this matter, 1 quote the
following passage from the opinion of Judge Kane:
" The case has involved, in its progiess, a tram of facts
of very considerable political interest—perhaps of more
general interest in that aspect of it than m its bearing on
the questions which are to be dccided by your verdict.
There are very few among us, probably none, who have not
felt aggrieved at the tone with wInch the ptes^of foieign
countries, and occasionally of foreign statesmen of the day,
have commented upon what they have been pleased to eall
the over alacrity of the American people to engage in nnhtaj y
controversies m which they properly had no liglitful pait.
Our people and our Government have been accused of for-
getting the obligations of neutrality, and pushing ourselves
lonvard into the conflicts of foreign nation'', inMead of
minding our own business as neutrals, and leaving belliger-
ents to fight out their own quarrels. For one, I confer
that I felt surprised, as this case advanced, to learn, that
duiing the very time that these accusations were fulmin-
ated against the American people by the press of England,
there was, on the pait of eminent British functionaries here,
a series of arrangements in progress-, carefully digested, and
combining all sorts of people, under almost all sorts of influ-
ences, to evade the laws of the United States by which our
country sought to enforce its neutrality—arrangements ma-
imed, upon a careful inspection of the different sections of
our statutes, ingeniously to violate their spint and pimciple
without incurring their .penalty, and thus enlist and send
away f>oldieii> from ourneutial shores to tight the battles
of those who vveie incontinently and not over courteously
admonishing us to fullfil the duties of neutiahty.
The luring or letaunng does not necessarily include the
payment of monej on the pan of him who hires or retains
another. He may hire or retain a person, with an agice-
ment that he shall pay wages when the services shall have
been performed. Thehuingor retaining a servant is not
generally by the payment of money, in the first instance,
but by the promise to pay money when the sei vices shall
have been perfoimed; and so a person maybe hired or
retained to go beyond the limits of the United States, with
a certain intent, though he is only to receive his pay after
he has gone beyond the limits of the United States with
that intent.
'• Moreover, it i«s notnpeessary that the consideration of the
hiring shall be money. To give to a person a railroad ticket
that costs four dollars and board and lodge him lor a week,
is as good a eon^ideiation for the contract of hiring, as to
pay him the money with which he could buy the iailroad
ticket and pay for ins board himself. If there be an engage-
ment on the one side to do the particular thing, to go beyond
the limits of the United States with the intent to enlist, and
on the other side an engagement that, when the act shall
have been done, a consideration shall be paid to the party
perfoiming the services, or doing the work, the hiring and
retaining aie complete.
" The meaning of the law, then, is this: that if any person
shall engage, hue, retain or employ another person to go
outside of the United States to do that winch be could not
do if he remained in the United States, viz: to take part in
atorcign quanel; if he hires another to go, knowing that it
is Ins intent to enlist when he arrives out; if lie engages
him to go because he has such an intent, then the offense is
complete within the section. Every resident of the United
States has the right to go to Halifax, and there to enlist in
any army that he pleases; but it is not lawful for a person
to engage another here to go to Halifax for that purpose. It
is the hiring of the person to go beyond the United States,
that person having the intention to enlist when * c arrives
out, and that intention known to the party hiring him,
and that intention being a portion of the consideration,
because of which lie hires him, that define? the offense.
If you believe the witness, the object here was to effect-
uate an enlistment beyond the borders of the United States,
and yet escape from the provisions of this scction; do
effectively, and yet not seem to do."
Sir, I have but one more remark to make in
reference to Lord Clarendon's view of the law.
It is, simply, that he had no right to enter into
the question as to what our municipal law is.
With this the Government has no right to inter-
fere; it is a question for our own judicial authority
only. The British Government would seem to
have supposed that to them would be referred our
municipal law for construction; and that, if they
could but succeed in the concoction of ingenious
devices for the purpose of evading it, that was
enough. But Lord Clarendon should have re-
flected that the British Government had no right
to recruit for its army in the United States at all,
whether forbidden by our municipal law or not.
He should have looked at the substance, rather
than quibble about the mere letter of an act of
Congress. It would have been much more hon-
orable and magnanimous. The American Gov-
ernment, he knew, had forbidden such recruiting
servicc by our neutrality law; and to undertake
to recruit, in direct violation-of that act, and the
implied pledge of honor from Mr. Crampton to
Mr. Marcy, was a flagrant breach of honor, and
an outrage on our sovereignty. I profess, sir, it
seems to me, there cannot possibly be anything
more discreditable to a great and powerful nation
like Great Britain, than this petty idea of Lord
Clarendon in assuming, for his Government,
petty country-court quibbles as a ground of de-
fense for what he, his country, and the world
know to be a great wrong and outrage against
the United States.
Mr. President, in the close permit me to say,
that I consider the conduct of the President of
the United States in relation to 'the question to
have been dignified, honorable, and patriotic;and
let the result of the controversy be what it may,
no doubt that every true American will cheerfully
sustain him. To the Attorney General also is
due much praise for the highly honorable and
judicious course pursued by him in this trouble-
some business. Long lie sought to adjust the
affair without resort to coercive measures, in a
qu iet and amicable manner; but, finding Ins efforts
of no avail, he was compelled by a sense of pub-
lic duty to exert the force of law. Tims, through
him, the disturbers of our peace and the violators
of our laws were rebuked, and their nefarious
proceedings brought to an ignominious close. He
deserves well of the country for his vigilance, for
his prompt, energetic and efficient action, and for
which he will receive the thanks of the American
people.
And now, sir, my dccided opinion is, that we
should promptly assume, and firmly maintain the
giound of right, and submit to nothing which is
wrong. The people of the United States, as'one
man, will sustain us in that position.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I shall not detain
the Senate long; I am not in a condition to do
so. I rise to return my thanks to the honorable
gentleman from "Virginia [Mr. Mason] for the
motion which he has submitted to the Senate to-
day. I heartily accord with him. It is a sub-
ject that concerns the American people—not less
we who are here, than the great body of our con-
stituents throughout the American Republic. I
agree fully with the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, m the view he has taken of the statement
made by Lord Clarendon in the British House
of Peers. I go further than the honorable gen-
tleman from Virginia, and I say that I never saw
a statement so unsupported by the facts—a state-
ment showing that the speaker was so inatten-
tive to facts, or so disingenuous in his narration
of them. I say this with a perfect realization of
my responsibility and position before this body
and the country, and I think a very few words
will satisfy the Senate that such is the case. The
statement of Lord Clarendon has gone abroad m
England; it is goingabroad in our own countiy.
His speech has already been here for some days.
It is going on the four winds of heaven, traveling
east and west, north and south. It has already
produced an impression—an impression not in
conformity with the real state of facts. Allow me
to read, in a very few words, what Lord Claren-
don has said on this subject. He said :
" The most recent demands of the Government of the
United States airived only two days ago, and it would not
have been conducive to the public interest to produce them
at the present moment.'5
What these demands were, Mr. President, I
know no more than any other member of the
Senate. Two days previous to, his speech he
says a final demand was made by our Government.
I hope it was a demand on the British Government
to recall its representative here. That is my own
wish, and has been from the beginning, if that
demand has been made, and has not been "com-
plied with, I hope this Government will take the
matter into their own hands, and do. what Mr.
Madison did—send away the offending represent-
ative, let the consequences be what they may.
It is an act which we owe to our own dignity and
to the world. It is not an act of war—the sus-
Eension of diplomatic relations; and if it should
ecome so, it will be because England determines
on it.
Wow, let me advert to Lord Clarendon's state-
ment in the House of Peers; and the Senate will
observe that it is jfully entitled to the character
of disingenuousncss:
" The ougm of the point now in dispute is as follows: On
the breaking out or the war, numerous applications from
foreigners, and fiom British subjects in the United States,
were made to the British Government tor permission to join
the army m the East."
Any man on reading this would suppose that
the Kritish Government had been more sinned
against than sinning—that they passed the foreign
enlistment bill not for their own purposes, but to
meet the demands made on them from other coun-
tries of the world. His lordship continues:
" Some of these applications were made from political
motives, some on account of a political interest m the issue,
and others iiom other causes; and, in consequence of them,
instructions were sent to the Governor of Nova Scotia to
consider whether pc^ons from the United States, desirous
of enlisting in the British service, could be received at Hal-
ifax. These instructions were made known to Mr. Cramp-
ton, and lie was told that, however de iious hei Majesty's
Government were to obtain recruits, they were still more
anxious that there should be no violation or infringement
of the municipal law of the United States. Shortly after-
wards, an agent opened an agency office*, and upon com-
plaint being made, Mr. Crampton desired that it might be
made public that the British Government did not recruit or
raise soldiers in the United States, and he made known hia
instiuctions to Mr. Marcy, who then expressed himself sat-
isfied. The passage of persons wishing to go into Canada to
enlist was paid, and Judge Kane laid down the rule that to
pay the passage of men to a foreign poit, and then enlist
them, is no violation of international law. * * *
* * A correspondence of a not very amicable character
has taken place between the two Governments, but the
transactions to which it refers are tygonc ti ansae tions;
and from the commencement the British Government have
disclaimed all intention of infringing in anyway the law of
the United States."
Then, Mr. President, according; to the state-
ment of the British Secretary of Foreign Affairs,
the transactions arose in consequence of applica-
tions made to the British Government from abroad,
and the British Government applied to the author-
ities of Halifax to know what would be lawful
there, and whether recruits from theUnited States
could be received. Let him believe this who will.
A likely story, that the British Cabinet should
apply to the Governor of Nova Scotia to know
whether they might raise recruits there from the
United States! It was a measure of their own,
in which that functionary was their agent. Now,
sir, a month after the war broke out between
Russia on the one part arid England and France
on the other, the British and French Ministers,
in April, 1854, had a conversation with our Sec-
retary of State, in which they stated to the Amor-*
ican Government the course which they meant
to pursue on the subject of privateering, and of
the operation of the laws respecting neutrals on
the high seas during the war. The documents
in relation to that matter have been published for
some time, and I hold them now in my hand. In
the conversation to which 1 allude, Mr. Marcy
told the Ministers what were the provisions of
the laws of the United States on the subject of
recruiting for the belligerents; and two days after-
wards—on the 28th of April—he wrote them a
letter, in which was this paragraph:
" The undersigned is directed by the President to state
to her Majesty's Minister to this Government that the Uni-
ted States, while claiming tile full enjoyment of then rights
as a neutral Power, will observe the stuctest neutrality
towaids each and all the belligerents. The lawa of tins
countiy impose severe restrictions not only upon its own
citizens, but upon all persons who may be residents witlnn
any of the territoues of the Dmted ritates, agamst equip-
ping privateers, receiving commissions, or enlisting men
therein, for the purpose of taking a part in any foreign
war."
The representatives of both France and Eng-
land had a copy of our law. This letter of Mr.
Marcy's was written nearly one year before the
