I&6.J
APirtffVDIX TO trfE CONCkESStO^
431"
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Slavery Question—Mr. Clay.
Senate.
upon the equality of the Stales, can command their
confidence or respect. Do to our people as you
have done to others. Give us the same protec-
tion, the same facilities of communicating with
the central Government, and we will be the last,
as I have already remarked—the very last—to
abandon you. The same blood that runs through
your veins courses through theirs; and, although
most of them are now far from their native places,
they have lost none of their attachment to the
Constitution ^rhich binds us together as one peo-
ple—none of the veneration for their illustrious
ancestors who laid the foundations of our na-
tional greatness. As Americans, they look with
admiratiou upon the same flag that now floats
upon every sea, and is respected in every quarter
of the earth; and have the same high hopes of
our future greatness.
I invoke you, by the high character which your
country has assumed amongst the nations of the
earth—by the memories of the past—by the hopes
of perpetuating this, the best and freest Govern-
ment that the wisdom of man ever devised, to
stand by me and give your sanction to this bill.
AFFAIRS OF KANSAS—SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. C. C. CLAY, JR.,
^ ^ OF ALABAXA,
In the Senate, April 21, 1856.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having under
consideration the bill to authorize the people of the Terri-
tory of Kansas to form a constitution and State government,
preparatory to their admission into the Union when they
have the requisite population—
Mr. CLAY said: Mr. President, this debate,
on the part of the advocates of insurrection in
Kansas, has been worthy of their cause. From
its inauguration by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale,] in his furious ohslaughtupon
the President's annual message, down to. the
attempt to foist upon the Senate the spurious
memorial of the amateur Legislature at Topeka,
they have displayed more personal, partisan,and
sectional asperity, than I have ever witnessed on
this floor. They seem not to desire to restore
peace, to preserve order, and sustain the laws,
bat to increase dissension, create disorder, and
subvert the laws of that Territory. They appear
not as impartial arbiters of this great controversy,
but as zealous advocates with contingent fees
resting on its decision. Determined to know and
to present but one side, they concede no violation J
of law, order, morality, or propriety, by their j
clients. Instead of exhibiting the impartiality, ;
dignity,.and sobriety of an Areopagus, in whose ,
justice and judgment contending States may con-
fide, they nave betrayed the rancorous prejudice
of sectional bigotry, and the blind passion of
selfish partisanship. They have assailed the
reputations not only of those who have appeared
as prominent advocates of slavery in Kansas,
but even of those who have espoused neither
side, but have striven to stay the hand of violence
and to do jostice to both parties. The newspaper
contributions of hireling and anonymous writers
have been gravely paraded as testimony on whieh
to decide this greatiaaue, and with which to de-
fame men whose integrity and patriotism have
been hitherto without reproach and above sus-
picion. When challenged to give their author,
they neither name him nor indorse his statement;
but admit their high esteem for the man whom
they aid in traducing. Thfcy seek to injure, and
to shirk responsibility  j i
" Willing to wound; and yet afraid to strike;" |
The President has been assailed with a bitter- ■
new characteristic rather of personal enmity '!
than political antagonism.
The Misoouriane have been spoken of as for- |
eign and barbarous enemies, rather than as fel- 1
low-citiz|«L descended from a common ancestry
and devoMT to the same civil and political des- !
tiny. j
The South has been assailed' as- aggressive j
and overbearing;acquiring territory, or giving- it j;
away to aggrandise herself, and appropriating j j
federal property and offices to her own use, ana I
to the exclusion of the North. j
The North has not esfeped detraction by her j]
New Series—Nq. 31.
I own sons; for they allege that she has always
I had venal men in market, ready to sell themselves
to serve the ambitious purposes of the South.
Those who proclaim the infamy of their own !
household must share the shame and endure !
i suspicion; and when they wantonly and rnali- .
ciously charge members of their own family with
selling themselves, people will suspect that tftey
have escaped that debasement only for want of a
purchaser.
The President needs not the shield of another
, to protect him against the missiles of their malice,
! and is more honored by their censure than their
praise. Covered in the complete panoply of
truth, he has no vulnerable point exposed—not
even a tender heel—which the curs that bay at
him can wound. If a love of country, which
embraces the whole Union, and knows no North,
no South, no East, and no West, in the adminis-
tration of the Government; if a strict adherence
to his professions of political faith and observance :
of all the pledges with which he came into office;
if a vigilant guardianship of the Constitution, and
j uncalculatftig vindication of its great principles;
if these are marks of the true patriot, enlightened ,
statesman, and honest man, then lias the Presi- [
dent's official career illustrated that character, i
The people of his own section, deceived and mis-
led by artifice, may unjustly condemn him in the
present, bat will in the future correct their errorand
unite with the South in awarding him the honor
due to noble ends attained by noble means.
If the President's friends distrusted his fidelity
to the. Constitution and laws in discharging his
official duty towards Kansas, the conflicting and
contradictory charges of his enemies would fur-
nish his vindication.
.The Abolitionists charge that the President
approved the Nebraska-Kansas bill to open new
fields for slavery; the South Americans, that he
did so to enlarge the area of free soil. The A boli-
tionists say his Administration has been exerted
to make Kansas a slave State; the South Ameri-
! cans, to make it a free State. The Abolitionists
abuse the President for removing ileeder; the
I South Americans, for appointing him. The Abo-
litionists say he was removed too soon; the South
Americans, too late. The Abolitionists say he
was removed for no official delinquency; the South
Americans, that he was retained after repeated
delinquencies. The Abolitionists complain that
squatter sovereignty is frowned upon and threat-
ened with suppression; the South Americans, that
it is countenanced am! encouraged. The Aboli-
tionists complain that the proclamation is leveled
at Free-Soilers; the South Americans, at pro-
slavery men. Thus, do the President's .accusers
contradict aad confute each other, and prove that
he has displeased extremists on both sides by
occupying that middle ground which is consistent
with the rights of both North and South, and
hostile to the interests of neither.
Nor, sir, are the President's northern accusers
consistent with each other. The Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] complains of the
President for issuing his proclamation upon in-
formation communicated by Governor Shannon;
while the Senator from Illinois takes it to have
been issued upon the information of Lane and
Robinson. The advocates of the insurrectionists
denounce Mm because of the proclamation, while
some of their clients thank him fop it. The Sen-
ator from New York [Mr. Seward] denounces
the President as a tyrant, looks in history for his
prototype, and finds it in the person of Georee !
Ill; the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. j
Hale] seeks his similitude in a field more con- 1
genial to his taste, finds it in the vulgar arena, I
and denounces him as a demagogue. j
Neither are the President's accusers consistent;
with themselves. • The Senator from New York,
after his formal arraignment and elaborate accu- j
sation of him, as an accomplice of the Missouri i
invaders, virtually confessed the injustice of the j
charge, by failing to show the law the President j
had violated, or had not enforced, and by asking k
the question-,;" Cannot Congress clothe him with
power to act; and ia it not his duty to ask power j
to remove usurpation and subvert tyranny in a j
Territory of the United States? " j
i The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil- J
son] sat out with the bold assertion that the doc-:
ument sent us by the President would " carry «,
gigantic falsehood to the American people," made
up of "rumors of the hour." Yet, in his tw©
days'speech of minute and elaborate details of
Kansas affairs, he did not controvert, or attempt
to controvert, a single material fact alleged by
Governor Shannon. That leading men had placed
themselves in an attitude of rebellion towards
the Government; that they were attempting to
subvert existing authority and establish a gov-:*
ernment of their own, and with that view had
formed a secret military organization; that the
execution of the laws had been openly resisted;
that houses had been burned and other property
destroyed; that pro-slavery families had been
driven from their homes and forced to seek shelter
in Missouri: these portentous and startling facts
were not disproven, or seriously questioned. In-
deed, in his apocryphal history of Kansas,, l^q,
stated no fact irreconcilable w'ith those set fort?.'
in the official documents.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. IJah].
set out with the declaration that a challenge
had been thrown down by the President^—to 15.,
gathered from the remarks of the Senator from
Connecticut—to which he would reply and would*,
show, " that the President had omitted his constitu-
tional duty," that he had not interfered "when therf
teas a state of facts that would justify and call far hit
interference." The showing he made was an,
extract from an inflammatory stump speech of
Governor Reeder, published last May, declaring
that Kansas "had been invaded, conquered end
subjugated." He does not allege that Governor
Reeder made any officii call upon the President
for protection of the people* of Kansas, or anjf
official statement of her invasion, or, indeed, that
he officially or unofficially called the President's,
attention to the invasion. He sagely concludes,,,
however, that the President must have seea or
heard of it through that stump speech. And
after a formal parade of that to prove a knowl-
edge by the President of facts requiring his inter-
ference, the Senator conceded that he did not
know that there was a state of facts to justify-
in terference !
Again, that Senator, on the 3d of January last,
in his violent attack upon the President, admitted
" there had been nothing in Kansas to justify his
Official interference." But on the 28th of Feb-r
ruary, the same Senator chained, that tb^re h&L
been a state offacts tojustify, and fall for prestdf^M^
interposition! In the former.speecti he compJaijaqtjV
that while nothing had octurred to justify the Prfs-
ident'sinterposition, yet he had interposed, wluther
justified or not, Iir the latter speech, he con«
demns the President for not interposing, although
advertised by Governor Reeder s stump speech.;
I of the urgent exigencies calling for Federal aid!
i Thus the Senator appears ay the President's
! accuser for interposing and not interposing, af
the same time, and under the same circumstances,
j ready to prove the aiErtn&tiye pr negative in orfler.
toi convict him of official misconduct! .One who
did not know the man, would never suspect, the
identity of the author of the two speeches of 3d
of January and 28th of February last, ,;,He>Re-
minds.me of a client of large resources and sin«ll
conscience,.who, when asked by his, coujiselipr
what facts he could prove, repUed," Tell mewljst
facts must be proven, and trust me for producing
the evidence."
The Secretary of War hag not escaped c«j -
! sure. Nor has less of the blindness of seetionjjj
i bigotry been displayed in criticising his letter.to
j Colonels Sumner and Cooke. His accusers pre-
j tend to have discovered a discrimination in favpj-
! of Missouri invaders «ndagainst Fre^-Sc>UJtwH^}TM
rectionista. Far from shawing.iiath^t letter.tfeer
narrow and. sectional spirit of his as^ailahts^it
is; marked by a moderation, philanthropy, and pa-
triotism they have not evinced, and < nscarcely.-
appreciate. If, sir, the omission pf: the word^j
intxtfiee aggression, in the peremptory part of tb  ,
letter, w^s designed, why should the champions
of the emigrants' aid society object.or complain?
Havenot their hitelingsentered. wfUTerritory with
arms not fitted for sport, but war—|i>ot designed tP ■
kill game, but men?—and, with the fear of cpgT
scious blood-guiltiness, and the cunning.of frftud,
they smuggled them into the Terrkoryin bpxe^r- ,
marked" books,"or ""carpenters' tools !" Are
