2092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 13,
of nerve that presides at the head of the Govern-
ment, then they are the worst architects of ruin
that this country has ever seen.
It now seems quite certain there will be no
further prosecution of these indictments for trea-
son. This Administration has tried the temper
of the country till it is at the verge of civil war.
It has played out its game of rule or ruin; and
now, after months of imprisonment, it is about
to turn free its victims, with no more knowledge
than it has all along had. The pressure of the
presidential contest, the necessities of party power,
have driven the.Administration to arrest a course
of misrule, which they have hitherto denied to be
misrule, which the ambition of party power
initiated, but which now threatens to ruin those
who began it. Perhaps it could not safely be
done before the Cincinnati Convention ! The pros-
ecution of those indictments is of itself ground of
impeachment; the levying of war against the
United States is alone treason; the assuming to
make a State government with a view of asking
admission by Congress cannot be treasonable, nor
any act leading to it; and constructive treason is
unknown to our laws. The continuing those pros-
ecutions, knowing the grounds to be unfounded
and impossible, is a grave offense; the final dis-
mission, under political stress of weather, is a
confession of the original error, and should recoil
with ruin on the Administration. This amend-
ment is futile and needless; but the thing it seeks
to accomplish must be done. If done, the Ad-
ministration pleads guilty: if it be not done, the
people will render the same verdict. That is all
I have to say.
The question was taken upon Mr. Grow's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. KUNKEL. I move to amend by adding
the following words:
And fat there shall be no further prosecutions for politi-
cal offenses herctofoie committed in said Turntory.
The amendment of the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Pennington] referred to pending
prosecutions; and by way of inducing the House
to reject it, the gentleman from Ohio, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
made the astounding announcement that he knew
these prosecutions for treason against the enact-
ments of the usurped authority in Kansas would
not be carried to their consummation. I desire to
know whether the knowledge of the gentleman
goes to the extent that no new prosecutions will
hereafter bo commenced for alleged violations of
the pretended laws of Kansas ? But how does the
gentleman from Ohio come by this knowledge ?
Who has authorized him to say to this House
and the country that these proceedings will be
stayed ? How has he received this grave informa-
tion,denied to all those with whom lie usually acts?
How, when, and whence, does this information
come? I demand to know. I respect the gentle-
man from Ohio, Mr. Chairman, and have been
willing to act under his lead; but he must not ask
me to act upon knowledge resting solely in his
own bosom, and for which I could give no response
to my constituents. I will not vote upon the decla-
ration of the gentleman from Ohio. I, too, must
know. I, too, represent one hundred thousand of
the freemen of this country, just as does the gen-
tleman from Ohio; and holding myself as the hum-
blest member upon this floor, I claim my right to
know, when I am called upon to vote, whence this
information,given to us in such authoritative way
is derived, and how far it may he relied on.
Why, sir, how is this? But yesterday this Ad-
ministration stood forth to the world, declaring in
this House, m the Senate, by the President, that
the shameless usurpation in Kansas was a valid
Legislature, and its enactments were to be enforced
though every free-State man should hang high as
Haman. YVhathas occurred to produce a pause—
a doubt—a reconsideration ? Why are not these
laws to be enforced and traitors hung? I want
light. Is it the penitence of this dying Adminis-
tration for its wrongs to the people of Kansas ? or
is it the base fear of the Democratic party trem-
bling under the guilt which foreshadows its doom ? j
Let this House and the country know the facts.
u"ey,(iarmotremain long concealed. If, after all
that this Administration has so solemnly said and
done on the Kansas question—if, after all its threat-
enmgs and slaughter breathed against. free-State
men, and the merciless cruelties it has allowed
and practiced upon them, it now stands before the
country with a nolle prosequi in its hands for all
political offenders in the Territory of Kansas,
why, then, sir, it is quailing before the gathering
indignation of the country, and the gallant free-
State men of Kansas will owe their lives and lib-
erties, not to the justice or the mercy of the Admin-
istration, but to the firmness of the majority of
this House and their northern constituencies.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It iswellknown
that I have had no sympathy with the present
Administration. I have had none with the party
which has brought this great wrong upon the
country, through the repeal of the Missouri pro-
hibition. I said a few moments since, in refer-
ence to the proposition of the gentleman from
New Jersey, [Mr. Pennington,] that I knew, or
iiad good reasons to believe, as I now repeat,
that those men arrested in Kansas under a charge
of treason for violation of the laws of what is
termed the " bogus Legislature," would not be
prosecuted to punishment. But, Mr. Chairman,
eloquent as may be the appeal of my friend from
Pennsylvania, and cogent as may be the reasons
urged, let me say that I never have, and, so help
me God, I never will, violate a confidence reposed
in me. I only say that I have reasons to justify
what I have said. Mr. Chairman, this is an ex-
traordinary provision of legislation attached to
an appropriation bill, in violation of the uniform
usages, in violation of law, and in violation of
our rules. At the head of the Ways and Means
Committee, I am unwilling to put in jeopardy the
measures which are necessary to carry on this
Government, under circumstances such as now
exist.
I know the delicacy of my position. I know
its responsibility. And, knowing it, I dare to
meet it. Sir, this Congress has not discharged
its duty. If there are fraudulent laws on the
statute-books of the Territory of Kansas, why
has not a proposition been made to repeal them ?
Why has not my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kumkgl,] at an early part of the session, intro-
duced a bill to repeal them? Why has the Judi-
ciary Committee notproposed measures in behalf
of those imprisoned ? Now, at the close of the
session, we find gentlemen talking eloquently
about those fraudulent laws, and other wrongs,
which should have been remedied, and endeav-
oring to ingraft their provisoes on appropriation
bills. The appropriation of $380,000 for mem-
bers' books has been run through, however, in
a lew minutes, without any effort to restrict it by
these provisions; but when it comes to provide
for the pay of witnesses who have been honestly
summoned before the court in Kansas, or to pro-
vide for the payment of the marshals who may
have honestly and faithfully performed their ser-
vices, we are to withhold from them their pay,
and repudiate the obligations of the General Gov-
ernment. 1 toll gentlemen, if they insist upon
their provisoes to all these bills under such cir-
cumstances, tliey endanger the success of the ap-
propriation bills, and will raise such a whirlwind
of indignation among the industrial masses, whose
interests depend upon the success of the Govern-
ment, as has been unknown in the history of our
past.
The question was .taken on Mr. Kunkel's
amendment; and it was rejected.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
men t.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to add, at the close
of the section, " that nothing herein contained
shall be so construed as to authorize the President
of the United States to discontinue any pending
prosecutions.'' This is a matter, Mr. Chairman,
of more than ordinary importance and interest,
not only to the legislative branch of the Govern-
ment, but to the country. It is of the first im-
portance that the legislative branch should know,
if the fact be so, that a certain line of policy has
been adopted, and that that line of policy is to be
carried out.
If it has been determined by any competent
authority under this Government to dismiss these
prosecutions, or to resort to any other means for
the purpose of screening these parties, and of
preventing them from being brought to punish-
ment,then,it seems to me,itisnot only the right
of the House to know the fact, but it is the right
of the country to know it. Whence comes this
proposition.' Ky what authority is the announce-
ment made on this floor? Give us the facts; and
we can then judge whether or not if comes from
a party who has the proper authority to make it.
Now, I hold that neither the President of the
United States, nor any officer of the Government
at the capital, has the right to interfere with
prosecutions which have been originated under
the authority of the courts, either in the States
or Territories of this Union. Whenever these
courts have acted—whenever their judgment has
been pronounced—then the pardoning power is
given to the President of the United States, and
then it is for the President to interfere, and, by the
exercise of this power, discharge the party, if he
believe him to have been improperly convicted.
But I hold that there is no power, except m the
court itself in which these prosecutions origin-
ated, to discharge the parties from these prosecu-
tions before the trial occurs. If the attorney for
the United States shall choose to present a nolle
prosequi, and the judge of that court shall approve
of that nolle prosequi, then let it be so entered, as
the judgment of the court, and let the parties be
discharged.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia, whether he denies to the
President, in the present condition of the prose-
cutions in Kansas, the power to order the dis-
charge of the persons now in custody on a charge
of treason, under the pardoning power vested in
liim ?
Mr. LETCHER. I do deny, most emphatic-
ally, that the President has a right to discharge
parties charged with crime in Kansas, any more
than he has the right to discharge them' in the
Commonwealth of Virginia. I deny it distinctly
and flatly; _and I imagine it would bother the gen-
tleman from New Jersey to find a decision in this
country which would establish such a doctrine as
he contends for.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I will quote both the
authority and action of Mr. Jefferson against the
gentleman from Virginia. The great apostle of
Democracy ought to be regarded asgood authority
on this point by the gentleman from Virginia and
his party.
Mr. LETCHER. The President can pardon
whenever judgment is'had.
Mr. PENNINGTON. And so he may before
judgment; or he may order a nolle prosequi in such
cases as those to which the amendment applies.
Such is the express decision of the Supreme
Court. Pardons have been frequently granted
before judgment, not only in this country but in
England; and Mr. Jefferson, during his Presi-
dency, directed nolle prosequi to be entered in the
celebrated treason cases in the gentleman's own
State. President Pierce has done the same thing
in cases of indictment for a violation of the neu-
trality laws. *
Mr. LETCHER. What I desire to know is
this: where this declaration comes from, and by
what authority it is made. It strikes me that,
if it is made through an organ of this House—the
head of the Committee of Ways and Means—
charged with action on this bill, it is tlte right of
every member on this floor, who is called upon
to vote on bills coming through that channel,
to be informed of the facts Mhicli are to control
his own action. That is nqr view of it. If it
were a confidential communication, not intended
to be made known, then, I take it, my friend
from Ohio ought not to have made reference to it
on this floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I spoke of no communi-
cation .
Mr. LETCHER. I understand this: that the
gentleman has received a communication confi-
dentially, from some reliable source,and in such a
shape as justifies him in declaring to this House
that these prosecutions are at an end. Now,
where did that information come from?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I said that my belief was,
that these prosecutions would not be carried on.
Several Members. You said you knew it.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman not only
said that he knew it, but that he would not be-
tray confidence, and let the House have the ben-
efit of his knowledge.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to say a word upon
the extraordinary aspect which the question be-
fore the committee has assumed. There can be
no question, I presume, that, if the executive
promises are to be relied on, these prosecutions
