THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
foreign enlistment bill was passed; so that, m all
t>f the subsequent transactions of the British Gov-
ernmental home, and its agents upon our border,
and its Minister here, they went forward to their
work with the perfect knowledge of our statute
law on the subject, furnished by our own Gov-
ernment, and a warning that our Government
would enforce the law.
' Mr. President, within a few months after that
s. scheme was devised in England for enlisting
men in foreign countries. The foreign enlistment
bill was passed by the British Parliament. It was
an act of their own. It was an act to invite men
From foreign countries. It was passed by the
British Government with a view to engage them
in the Crimean war; and while upon its passage
it was opposed and denounced as an unjustifiable
measure, which would necessarily bring the Brit-
ish Government into contact with neutral nations
by the attempt to violate their laws. But these
representations were useless. The law was passed
with.a view to raise men in foreign countries for
theBritish military service. We all know that.
It is a historical fact about which there can be no
dispute. Immediately after that law was passed,
what, was the result ? What did Lord Clarendon
himself say was the result? The instructions
respecting the matter were communicated to Mr.
Crampton, the first fact of which we have noticc
in this country, as developed in the trial at Phila-
delphia, was that on the last of January, 1855.
Persons here had seen this law, and having a wish
to engage in the British military service, they
applied for permission to do so. They were
informed by Mr. Crampton that he could not
give them an answer,.but would in a few days,
ias he expected instructions, showing conclusively
that such instructions were contemplated, not in
consequence of previous application, but to meet
themwhem made; and three or four days after—
namely, February 24,1855—Mr. Crampton writes
a note, saying that he could give the information.
He had then, as he said, received information
from home. All this, and indeed all the whole
proceedings, contradict the assertion of Lord
Clarendon, that this business of recruiting was
adopted in England bccause applied for here. Lord
Clarendon's statement is, that on the breaking out
of the war applications were made to join the
British army in the East; and then he says :
" Tn consequence of them, instructions were sent to the
Governor of Nova Srotia, to consider whether peisonsfiom
the United States, desirous of enlisting m the Bntish service,
could be received at Halifax."
Does one honorable Senator believe such a
thing? Is there a man within the sound of my
voice, Senator or spectator, who believes that the
British Government, with our law before them,
eight months after the communication of Mr.
Marcy, wrote to the Governor of Nova Scotia to
ascertain whether they could receive recruits from
the United States ? 1 he instructions which were
fiven the Governor of Nova Scotia were sent, as
e says, to Mr. Crampton, but the whole meas-
ure was devised by the Bntish Government. It
was the scheme of the Government from the bo-
gining to the end. The scheme obviously was to
get men in our country to "evade" as Mr. Cramp-
ton said—for that is the word testified to, by the
'witnesses who swore as to his statements—to
evade the operation of our laws. I hold in my
hand the report of the Hertz trial at Philadelphia,
which contains the statement of the district attor-
ney and of Judge Kane—statements condensed
from the trial. The district attorney m his open-
ing says:
" I "have said that the war in the Crimea was conducted
by the British, Frcnch, and other nations, as allies, again
the single power of Russia. I have said thai the conse-
quence of that war had been disastrous to the besieging
parties, and that the signs of the times indicated the1>tiU
more humUinting fate. The English armv having met the
most serious losses, the Government of Great Britain, m
direct violation of her duty towards us, and with a design of
misleading those residents of the United States who did not
fully comprehend the nature of our laws, devised a plan for
the purpose of partially regaining the position and standing
which, in the absence ot the exeieise of the advanced mil-
itary experience of the age they had lost.
" A plan for this purpose was adopted and attempted to
be earned out by his Excellency John F. Crampton, the
Minister .Plenipotentiary of her Majesty, assisted by several
agents of the British Government, within the teriitory and
jurisdiction of the United Stales; and. I think, you will be
satisfied that Mr. Crampton thus acted with the knowledge
and approbation of his Government.'"
I will not detain you, Mr. President, with the
minute details which are scattered through the
trial, and which can leave no doubt on the mind
of any man who reads it. I may remark, how-
ever, that Mr. Crampton is not here on trial.
We are trying no manf. We are dealing, not
•with strictly legal, but with moral facts. We
are finding out truths affecting the welfare and
character of the nation. It is not a trial before a
court as to the guilt or innocence of an individual;
but it is a moral trial* to ascertain what were the
general facts which took place, what were the
motives, and what was the conduct of the British
Government and of its agents. Judge Kane,
before whom this case was tried, in summing up
to the jury, says, as to the pretenses of the British
Government:
" Our people and our Government have been accused of
forgetting the obligations of neutrality, and pushing ourselves
forward into the conflicts of foreign nations, instead of
minding our,own business as neutrals and leaving belliger-
ents to tight out their own quarrels. For one, 1 confess that
I felt surprised, as this case advanced, to learn, that during
the very time that these accusations were fulminated against
the American people by. the press of England, there was,
on the part of eminent Bntish functionaries here, a series
of arrangements in progress, carefully digested, and com-
bining all sorts of people, under almost all sorts of influ-
ences, to evade the laws of the United States by which
our country sought to enforce its neutrality—arrangements
matured upon a careful inspection of the diffeient sections
of om statute ingeniously to violate their spirit and principle
without incurring their penalty."
This, sir, is true. Get men, at all events, was
the spirit of the order, but take care not to be
caught by the laws of the United States; and
this caution runs through the whole matter.
There you have the view of Judge Kane as
disclosed to the jury, and founded upon the facts
submitted in evidence. Notwithstanding this,
what do we find to be the assertion of Lord Clar-
endon? He states that " These instructions were
made known to Mr. Crampton, and he was told
that, however desirous her Majesty's Govern-
ment were to obtain recruits, they were still more
anxious that there should be no violation or in-
fringement of the municipal law of the United
States." There is not a man who hears that
declaration but will put his own construction on
it. The plain English of it is, "We want the
men in the United States; go, and raise them,
but take care to avoid their law if you can." Why,
sir, one of the witnesses who testified on that
trial says, that Mr. Crampton, in speaking with
him, used the expression that "The American
law was very lax; do not expose yourself to it;
you can evade it, and the British Government will
support you in so doing.'"' Lord Clarendon ob-
serves, Shortly afterwards an agent opened an
agency office, and, upon complaint being made,
Mr. Crampton desired that it might be made
kn<\wri that the British Government did not re-
cruit or raise soldiers in the United States, and
he made known his instructions to Mr. Marcy,
who then expressed himself satisfied."
Now, I aver as a fact that there is no foundation
for this statement. I stand here on my responsi-
bility, nnd any there is no foundation for the state-
ment, that Mr. Marcy ever expressed any content
or satisfaction at the course of the British Gov-
ernment. No such paper can be found; no such
paper was issued. Would it notbe a most aston-
| ishing declaration, after the letter he had written,
I and which I have quoted, and after the informa-
] tion which he had given to the British Minister,
| when those proceedings became matters of noto-
| riety through the country, to express himself
! satisfied? And yet this is one of the misstatements
| which has gone to the world*, and I now venture
S to say. when the papers called for by this resolu-
j tion shall come in, you will find nothing in them
! to justify the statement of such a fact by the
I British Government. The object of Lord Clar-
i endon's statement is clear, it is to produce its
! impression on the British people. We all know
| that our friend, John Bull, is a pretty credulous
! sort of animal. He swallows readily and digests
| easily, and this statement of Lord Clarendon has
already produced its impression upon him; and,
I may add, has not been without effect in our own
country.
His lordship further observes:
" The passage of persons wishing to go into Canada to
enlist was paid; and Judge Kane laid down the rule that,
to pay the passage of men to a foreign port, and thou enlist
them, is no violation of international law."
What is the object of that statement ? Clearly
to satisfy the British people that, in the whole
course of this business, their agents had kept
within our law, for that Judge Kane had decided
that it was no violation of law to take men from
here and enlist them in British territory. Sir,
Judge Kane never made such a decision; and, at
the very time when Lord Clarendon made this
statement, he had this trial before him. What
did Judge Kane say ? No judge could say what
he is represented to have said, because that would
have been a mere evasion of law. I will read
what Judge Kane says, and then compare it with
the statement of Lord Clarendon. Judge Kane
said:
" The act of Congress is in these words—I read the words
material to the question, leaving out those which apply to a
different state of circumstances: 4If any person shall,
withm the territory of the United States, hire or retain any
person to go beyond the limits of the United States, with
the intent to be enlisted in the service of a foreign prince,
he shall be deemed guilty of a high misdemeanoi.'
" The question which you have to pass upon is—did
Henry Hertz hire or retain any of the persons named m
these bills of indictment to go beyond the limits of the
United States, with the intent to be enlisted or entered in
the service of a foreign State ?
" Did he hire or retain a person ?"
The Senate will observe that the principle laid
down by Judge Kane is clear, that they have no
right to hire people here with a view to enlist
them in the British dominions. Judge Kane laid
down the principle that the payment of transpor-
tation brings them within the law. Judge Kane
may, on some preparatory investigation of this
matter, have said: " You must bring these facts
home to the person; you must show that, in
going to Halifax or elsewhere with these people,
he went with that view." No doubt you must;
the intention must be shown; but the general prin-
ciple is, beyond ail doubt, that to hire a man in
the United States to go to Halifax with a view to
enlist, is a palpable violation of our law, and this
fact is a palpable contradiction to the assertion
made by Lord Clarendon, and at this moment
believed by nine tenths of the British people.
There is not the slightest foundation for it. Our
law is as plain as words can make it. Our courts
have interpreted it, and our juries have decided
according to its plain words. Allow me to read
once again what Lord Clarendon said on that sub-
ject:
<k The passage of persons wishing to go into Canada to
enlist was paid; and Judge Kane laid down the rule that to
pay the passage of men to a foreign port, and then enlist
them, is no violation of international law."
In addition, let me add another extract from
Judge Kane addressed to the jury, and let that
be placed in juxtaposition with Lord Clarendon's
declaration:
" Judge Kane. The meaning of the taw, then, is this,
that if any person shall engage, lure, retain, or employ an-
other person to go outside of the ^United States to do that
which he could not do if he remained m the United States,
viz: to take part in a foreign quarrel; if he hires another
to go, knowing that it is his intent to enlist when he arrives
out; if he engages him to go because he has such an intent
to enlist when he arrives out; if he engages him to go be-
cause he has such an intent, then the offense is complete
withm the section. Every resident of the United States has
the right to go to Halifax and there to enlist m any army he
pleases; but it is not lawful for a person to engage another
here to go to Halifax for that purpose. It is the hiring
of the poison to go beyond the United States, that person
having the intention to enlist when he arrives out, and that
intention being known to the party hiring him, and that
intention being a portion of the consideration because of
which he lures him, that defines the offense."
And to engage men here, in order to enlist in
Halifax, was precisely the plan of the British
Government, the superintendency of which was
intrusted to their Minister here, and to the Lieu-
tenant Governor of Nova Scotia; and for which
large sums of money were advanced and ex-
pended.
Mr. President, I observe that some of our own
newspapers speak of an apology having been
made by the British Government; and I observe
that the most reckless of all reckless journals—•
the London Times—in an article just received,
states that there have been apologies enough made
by England to satisfy ten European monarchies.
Sir, standing here in my place, I say that no
apology has ever been made. Lord Clarendon,
in the speech before me, does not say a single
word about apology in the statement of his own
case. The British Government, as I understand,
from time to time, when the subject has been
alluded to, has said to us: " Your law was not
violated, and we will not believe that our officers
ever violated it." That is the nearest that they
came to an apology, which, it is said, would sat*
isfy ten European kingdoms. I repeat, no apology
