1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2093
are to be dismissed; but, sir, I have no faith in
the promises made at, the other end of the avenue,
and I will not legislate upon any such promises.
I hope the House will pass the amendment in its
present form. Mr. Chairman, the question before
the House is purely one of legislative discretion.
There is no revolution in it.w There is no prop-
osition to stop the wheels of Government. It is
simply the ordinary discretion in controlling the
appropriation of money—a discretion which every
Congress exercises. And, sir, the proposition
may be subjcct to the objection raised by the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] that it
amounts to very little after all. I am afraid it
does not amount to as much as would be desirable.
But, sir, so far from its being revolutionary, it is
not even anything extraordinary- It is simply,
that certain appropriations of money shall not be
made for a particular purpose, if these prosecu-
tions are continued. If the President has stopped
them, then the proviso will amount to nothing,
and can do no harm.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Suppose this pro-
viso is inserted, and Congress refuses to make
this appropriation for the expenses of the Terri-
torial Legislature of Kansas,and that Legislature,
when it meets, should levy a tax upon the people
of Kansas to defray these expenses, how would
you remedy that?
Mr. STANTON. The people would remedy
it by refusing to pay the taxes. This bill pro-
hibits the President from using the military forces
of the country in executing any of the acts passed
by that body, and the taxes could not be collectcd
because the enactment would be void. That
body of men can impose no valid obligation upon
any citizen of Kansas.
fiut, Mr. Chairman, my colleague, [Mr. Camp-
bell,] in his concluding argument, is to say what
he has to say upon the subject of this proviso
after the previous question shall have been called
in the House. Now, sir, it is scarcely fair, when
the House has acted upon the proviso in com-
mittee, that he should make his speech in the
House when all opportunity of reply has been
cut off.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I trust that, if it is the
intention of a majority of this House to sustain
this proviso under any contingency, and at any
hazard, they will do it now. I hope no one will
vote for it now who does not intend to stand by
it to the bitter end. Let us take our positions
distinctly. For one, I am for adhering to this
proviso, regardless of consequences. If the Senate
chooses to persist in their disagreement to it, to
the defeat of the bill, let them do it, and take the
responsibility. And, sir, if my colleague [Mr.
Campbell] votes against this proviso, let him
take care that he has not to stem a heavier torrent
than he has invoked for us. Sir, I am greatly
mistaken if the people are not prepared to sustain
the hands of those in this House who go for
granting hot one dollar for continuing these pros-
ecutions, whatever may be the consequences.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. ORR. I move to amend, by adding the
following proviso:
Frovulcd, That tills act shall not be constiued to author-
ize Congress m interfering m the administration^)!* justice
111 the Territory.
Mr. Chairman, while I have no official inform-
ation to communicate to the House, I have but
little doubt that the supposition thrown out by
the gentleman from Ohio is correct. I do not
concur in the opinion expressed by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] that the Presi-
dent has 110 right to control the prosecutions in
the Territories for violations of the laws of the
United States. I think that question was settled
in the treason trials during the administration of
Mr. Jefferson. The power was then exercised,
and has been subsequently by other Administra-
tions. But, sir, it is a monstrous assumption for
the legislative department of the Government to
undertake to direct how prosecutions may be
commenced, and when, and how, they shall be
ignored.
Now, sir, those parties who have been pre-
sented by the grand jury in Kansas were guilty
of a grave offense there—unloyalty to the laws
of their country; and the grand jury, in the dis-
cretion confided to them, have indicted them; they
have been arrested and are imprisoned; but pend-
ing their trials, if the Executive of the umntiy,
when the facts come to light and reach him, has
reason to believe that treason has not been com-
mitted under the Constitution of the United States |
—and treason is defined there very distinctly—he j
has full authority to direct his subaltern officers !
in the Territory to enter nolle prosequi#. I do 1
not know whether there has been treason com-
mitted or not. I have not had the opportunity
of examining minutely the testimony; but so far
as it has come to my knowledge, I do not believe
the parties had proceeded far enough to consti-
tute the offense of treason against the United
States, although they were on the verge of that
offense; and if they had not been arrested, the
offense in a few days, or weeks at most, would
have been consummated. The grand jury in
Kansas, however, took, as they had the right, a
different view from this of the facts, and presented ,
those parties for treason. But, as I remarked,if
the President is satisfied that the ojfense of trea-
son has not been committed, I have no doubt
that he has the authoiity abstractly, and from pre-
cedent, to order that nolle proscquis shall be en-
tered. But in so doing, I do not by any means
admit the sequence stated by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kuvkf.l,] that it will be a
virtual declaration that the laws of Kansas are
invalid. No such thmg. Such action will n<ft
at all invalidate the position taken by the Execu-
tive, that the laws of Kansas are valid and bind-
ing, and must be obeyed. These prosecutions
originate under the laws of the United States, and
not unde&any territorial laws; and how can the
abandonment of the prosecutions be construed
to invalidate the laws passed by the territorial
government of Kansas ? So that, if the President
has exercised this power, the gentiemnn has mis-
taken its interpretation when he argues that it
involves any such admission by the President
as he has stated. But if gentlemen are very soli-
citous to know what instructions have been given
by the President to his subaltern officers in Kan-
sas, let them offer a resolution calling on him for
such information, and they will doubtless receive
from him a prompt response.
Mr. SHERM VN. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, what law or pro-
vision of law it is against which these men are
alleged to have committed treason?
Mr. 0R.Il. I have not investigated the subject
closely, but have stated already that these indict-
ments were drawn under the laws of the United
States. There are general laws of the United
States defining and punishing the crime of trea-
son, and theoc indictments have been framed
under those laws.
Mr. GALLOWAY. Mr. Chairman, we are
asked by the other side, why we have not at an
earlier day moved measures for the abolition of the
obnoxious laws of the usurping Legislature of
Kansas? I11 reply, I will state that this House has .
passed substantial measures for the abrogation of j
those laws. The bill of the gentleman from In- ]|
diana [Mr. Duxx] provided for the inauguia- !|
tion of a new government in that Territory, and i
the virtual abolition of those infamous laws; but jj
not one of the Opposition voted for that pacific i|
measure. Yet we are askrd why we have not l|
moved in this matter ? "We have moved and en- '
ergetically acted for the relief of the oppressed in
Kansas, and have in every effort met a stubborn
and seem resistance from the friends of the Ad-
ministration. But will the gentlemen of the other
side promise to concur m any action for the re-
demption of the oppressed ana imprisoned in that
Tun itory ? Do they pretend to sympathize with
those who have been crushed and confined for
loving freedom too ardently? No, sir, they tell
us they will not vote for any law making void the
usurpations of that mock Legislature of Kansas.
Mr. Chairman, we are now reduced to the
hard alternative of the present proceeding. We
have been driven by this Administration to take
our position on the appropriation bills—and there
erect our fortress of freedom. There is 110 other
method for protecting not only the rights of the
people of Kansas, but the rights of the people
whom we represent. They sent us here to vote
appropriations of money from the Treasury for
the support of an honest Government; but thus i,
would scorn and repudiate us if we voted a single j}
dime to establish a reign of terror and of tyranny. : j
As the representatives of our people we should '■
fully reflect their sentiments; and what are they?
Sir, they are those of opposition to the usurpa-
tion which has taken place in Kansas, and to
those acts of cruelty which have soiled the civili-
zation of our age, and obscured the luster of our
national glory.
Sir, it comes with a very bad grace from our
opponents, to ask us why we have not proposed
measures for the settlement of this nifliculty,
when again and again they have persistently
voted against all remedial measures. But it is
said now, that the interrogatory,"Why have you
not proposed a bill to repeal the obnoxious
laws?" comes from one of our own side. I care
not, even if the taunting inquiry comes from one
of our own company. In a controversy between
freedom and tyranny I am ready to sacrifice even
the dearest friend or colleague, rather than be
false to the strongly expressed will of my constit-
uents, and to the clear voice of humanity and of
freedom.
We are told that the President, or somebody
else, contemplates a suspension of these pretended
Kansas laws, and the release of those sweltering
in prison. Are we to be content with the prom-
ises of this covenant-breaking Administration?
Why has not the President mercifully interposed
to stay the desolations of cruelty? He has not
done so; and shall we—can we trust him for the
future? Has he not taken his usual rest and
recreations, although his ears have again and
again been saluted with the mournful tale of the
wrongs and outrages perpetrated upon the inno-
cent and unoffending on the plains of Kansas ?
Has he not exhibited a strange insensibility of
feeling,whilsthorrid crime has stalked unrehuked
upon American soil? Domitian amused himself
with killing flies while his people groaned; and
Nero fiddled while Rome was burning. Has not
our country furnished a parallel in the cold^heart-
less indifference of our Executive ? We are told
that these prosecutions are to be suspended. We
have no reliable mformation.of that fact. We are
oppressed with anxiety in this crisis of our na-
tional affairs; and yet we are told that there i3
a icmcdy which cannot, in this hour of our great
necessity, be given. We are asked by my col-
league to believe that there is some to us un-
known, invisible power to suspend the further
execution of these Kansas laws, and take from
prison those bold brave men who have been in-
carcerated for daring to be freemen. Tf there be
such power, why has it not been exercised be-
fore ? Why has the President in this day of trib-
ulation coolly looked down from his throne of
power, and refused to aid the representatives ofthe
people,who have been earnestly struggling to give
safety and comfort to our fellow-countrymen in
Kansas? Why has he fanned, when he might
have repressed, the flames of angry controversy?
Why has he struck with dismay the national
heart, and surrendered our own American men
and women to be prosecuted, pillaged, and mur-
dered, when he might at any moment have saved
our nation from the disgrace which has been
inflicted upon it, and preserved the people of Kan-
sas from the unspeakable calamities which have
fallen upon them. Ah, Mr. Chairman, the doors
ofthe prison-house will be opened, and the cap-
tives will be set free; but deliverance will come,
because there is a higher intelligence than that
which graces the presidential mansion~-an intelli-
gence which will confound the stupidity and evil
counsels which have recently and lamentably W
prevailed in the administration of our Govern-
ment.
Mr. ORR, by unanimous consent,withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. H. MAR.SHALL. I offer an amendment
pro forma^ to insert, as an addendum to the section
under consideration, the words: " this restriction
shall terminate on the 4th of March next."
I want an opportunity to submit one or two
observations only, in view of the facts that have
just transpired. I want to say that the friends
of the Union—the lovers of peace—can breathe
freer and deeper now than for months past. The
spectacle presented by those parties which esteem
themselves the great parties of this country, is
novel, striking," and wonderful. Their great
sectional quarrel seems to have been somehow
adjusted, and the news comes to us under such
auspices as to deserve, as it will no doubt attract,
instant oublic attention. I thought I foresaw
