1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1219
nine miles, which will he a link of this road, are
in operation, with two or three daily passenger
line% very well sustained. I was myself presi-
dent of what will make another link of this road
—the eastern link—the Sunbury and Erie, ex-
tending- from Iiidgway to Sunbury on the direct
hue to Philadelphia. From Ridgway to Kinsman,
or "Warren, oil the Ohio line, a company is organ-
ized, in the hands of enterprising, intelligent, and
persevering public men. They have secured a
small amount of capital. They have not com-
menced operations; hut they are laboring very
diligently to raise capital. From the Ohio border
to Fort Wayne is the Clinton line. I think the
president of that line is Professor Day, of Hud-
son, Ohio, whom I have frequently met—a very
energetic man, who is endeavoring to push this
enterprise through. It is m process of construc-
tion. What amount of capital they have secured
I am nor. able now to say. I believe that from
Fort Wayne westward, through Illinois and Indi-
ana, a less amount of work has been done; but
this entire link is a real railroad line. The com-
panies arc organized; part of the work is m pro-
cess of constitution, part of it in actual operation,
and from Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, New Jer-
sey, New Yoik, and Connecticut capitalists and
experienced railroad men are engaged m this en-
terprise, and they are regarding it as one of the
most important in the country.
So much, sir, I have felt required to say on this
point. If the Senator will allow me—as I do not !
s.ntend to trouble the Senate further on this sub- '
jeet—I will explain my position, as I shall vote I
in favor of the reconsideration. I have certainly j
no inclination to continue this debate; I have a
great desire to terminate it; but it is right to my- 1
.self that I should explain briefly the main reason j
for changing my vote. I am blarney, orthy for j
not considering this subject when it was before
the Senate the other day; it was my duty to do ;
so, but I neglected it. Now, sir, 1 shall vote for j
the reconsideration. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am willing that :
my friend shall have every opportunity to explain
Ins course; but 1 trust that he will not interpolate
a speech on me. If he will be short m his ex-
planation, I shall be willing to yield; but if he is
going into an argument, giving his reasons and
motives, I ask him to let me get through, and lie
can go on afterwards.
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I shall yield with
pleasure to an explanation. j
Mr. BIGrLER- 1 discover that my explanation j
would be much longer, perhaps, than I had j
intended, and the Senate might become restive j
before I got through; however, if I had uttered j
but a sentence or two more, perhaps 1 need not j
say anything further. :
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. You may do that, j
with a great deal of pleasure, so far as 1 am con- j
corned. |
Mr. B1GLER. Well, sir, I desired to say that j
I had made up nay mind to vote for bills granting j
alternate sections of land to encourage railroad i
enterprises. I did this, because, upon reflection, ,
I came to the conclusion that it was about as good j
a use as we could make of the public lands. I |
feel, too, that the new States should be encouraged !
in enterprises of this kind—they are needing cap- j
ital. . ]
But, sir, as all the considerations for these i
grants are public—as the lands belong to all the j
States and to the people, in making these grants j
we are bound to consider the use that will be '
made of them. It should be a purpose to con- j
struct avenues which, as far as possible, will I
answer all the great purposes of the country-- j
great throughtares extending from our Atlantic j
cities to our western States, facilitating tiade and j
commerce and genera! inleicouise, winch add so ;
\eiy much to our growth and prosperity, and to i
our good feelings as a people. Hence a gr^-at line ;
hke this extending from the Atlantic States to the j
West may justly clnmi consideration. j
Further, sir, the whole experience in our coun- |
Iry just at this time, as well as in Europe, is sig- i
miicant against parallel roads. In France they j
have interdicted them. In Germany they have j
failed. In our own country the evidence is against
them. New Yoik has two parallel lines extend-
ing from her great Atlantic city to the west; part of
the way she has four; and who is not aware that
two of these roads are now very seriously embar-
rassed? We have one in Pennsylvania, extend-
ing irom the east, westward, and we are endeavor-
ing to construct another. You will see that there
is one for all this region of country, the Baltimore
and. Ohio railroad. 1 am willing to vote for a bill
which will give to the State of Iowa two roads for
the whole distance, which will make about six
hundred miles. I shall fee] that in doing that I
am liberal; but I do not like the scheme of this
bill; it is too extensive.
There is another point on which I wish to be
understood. I should prefer that the central road,
making a link in the line to which I have alluded,
should be aided, but that will not decide my vote.
If this bill be referred to the committee, and abill
be reported which seems to me to be a reasonable
one, granting to that State a fair share of the public
lands, I shall vote for it, although the line of which
I have spoken may not be inluded.
These are substantially the views which I de-
sired to express, without going into any of the
; details; and 1 am confident that my friend from
! Iowa will be satisfied that I have no desire to m-
j terfere with his own personal views. I return 1
: my thanks to the Senator from Tennessee for his j
! courtesy. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator from ]
i Pennsylvania has enlightened us to some extent ;
as to the destiny of this air-line road; but in doing j
so he has furnished me with an additional tact,
and that is, that the people of Connecticut, New j
Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Indiana are all !
interested in getting up this road. That is just '
what I had supposed from the beginning, that there ;
were interests outside of Iowa that had a control- j
1 ling influence upon the action now before the j
; Senate. !
1 Now, let me take up the argument of the Soli-
citor from Ohio where I hjft it. He says that i
these gentlemen ought not to br interfered with, 1
1 that they have invested their money, and that '
1 there should be no conflict of interest, that the
very petition of Mr. Schenck, he maintains that
they were expecting a grant of public land.
Mr. WADE. The gentleman docs not under-
stand me. I said that in May, 1855, when they
met to consult as to what they should do, they
came to the conclusion then that they would not
be likely to get any land from the Government.
The question then was, what they should do, and
they concluded to proceed and rely on their own
energies. Of course, they will be glad to get a
donation of land if they can; but I said they ex-
pected no such thing when this meeting was held.
1 referred to this fact to show that this was not
a speculation, but an undertaking in good faith,
relying on the merits of the enterprise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will read the
paragraph of the memorial to which I alluded.
When I refer to the objccts of persons, 1 do not
mean to misrepresent or misunderstand anybody.
I will read from the memorial:
Youi memorialist, representing the interests of this com-
pany in Iowa, as the head or' the corporation, (and being
aUo pn^ident ol'tlic above-mentioned railioad companies
in Illinois and Indiana.) was l«d to bchevt* that some ap-
propriation of public lands would be made by Congiess at
the piesent session for the benefit of important lines of
railroads in the biate of Iowa.*'
This shows that they were looking for the
very identical benefits which are accorded to the
roads that are already laid down.® Now, what is
the difference ? These gentlemen propose to in-
vest their funds in making this road to the Mis-
sissippi river and the border of Iowa. Other
gentlemen have actually expended their money,
and their roads are now in operation. I submit
to the justice of every honest man, if you are to
decide between them, are you not bound to de-
termine in favor of those who have actually spent
their money and put the roads in operation,
rather than take it from them and give to a pros-
pective ioad? ^No gentleman can escape tjiat
proposition 1 think.
The Senator from Vermont spent most of his
t time in arraigning what he considers a great
Congress of the United States ought not to lend inconsistency* on the part of the Senator from
itself to the destruction of interests invested by | Iowa. What is it? lie says that this bill is not
I these gentlemen most patriotically. I admit the
; proposition, but 1 utterly deny the conclusion at ;j
! which he arrives; because, as I have already re- Ij
marked, I maintain that the aggression, if there ;J
I be an aggression, was on their part. In his me- ^
i morial, Mr. Schenck says that ^00,000 in bonds :j
: of the counties along the line have been paid over j
I to the contractors, and some other means, amount- j
i ing, he says, 4o nearly $300,000, have been ;j
| vested, and a contract has be n made, amounting 'I
\ to ft! ,000,000. Iiow much has been invested on .|
; the road from Davenport r I do not know any- :
■ thing myself about the pnva'e and domestic af-
■ fairs of that State; but the Senator from Iowa
1 [Mr. Harlan j inform- d me that about S'3,500,000
i have been invested there, and about $1,500,000
on the road bdow it. Then, on the score of
i magnanimity, and justice, and protection of the
rights of individuals, I ask if it is not your sol-
emn duty to stand by your declarations, and
recede yourselves ?
Mr. WADE. We do not want you to recede.
] Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. You ask us to
: reconsider the bill, and to drop out one or more
] of these roads, m order that you may come in.
! If that is not receding,! do not know what r.Hro-
; cession is
the same bill which was before the Senate years
ago. lie held up a map to show the inconsist-
encies and the divergence s between the two propo-
sitions. The Senator from Iowa is not half as
much mistaken as the Senator from Vermont, and
I will show it. He spoke often of the divergence
at Muscatine. Now, the bill which was passed
before proposed to build a road from Davenport,
by the way of Muscatine and Iowa City, and the
j Senator says that this road does not come up to
| Muscatine. How far is it from Muscatine to the
; line of load that runs from Davenport to Iowa
' City? Eight or ten miles I believe. Further, I
understand that the people of Muscatine, antici-
; pating the probability of a more direct route from
! Davenport to Iowa City, have actually constructed
I a road to intersect the Davenport line, and it is
: now in operation. So much for that wonderful
i divergence! So much for that inconsistency be-
i tween the bill of two years ago and the bill now!
; I have before me the bill actually passed by the
1 Senate heretofoie. Each of the four roads ill
I this bill is in that, with a single exception, as I
, believe; for I have gone over it as carefully as I
; could in the short time allowed me. The two upper
roads beginning at the same point are required
to come together at some common junction, so
i Hut, Mr. President, the great point which I ; as to make Sioux City the western terminus en
I make is, that you are called' upon to defeat two 1 of these two roads. With that difierence the
j roads that have their connections now running to ! 1 bill which we passed heretofore embraces the four
I the north and northeast. All of us should desire, roads in this bill.
i as wise and sensible men administering a com- ■' Now I wish to know if the Senator from Iowa
i mon national fund, to make our grants for roads ; was so greatly mistaken r The chairman of the
i forming part of a national and connected system. Public Band Committee, [Mr. Stuart, ]_ who is
Why make a road through Iowa to a point on 1
of the most astute men, and less liable to
W ny maKe a roau tnroiudu jowa to a punuuti ««■    -----  
the Mississippi river that has no connection with e be caught m traps than anybody 1 e\er savv, for
other places f We are told that this air-line road "< he is sharper than a steel trap itself said to the
is going to be constructed, but it is not coil- ^
strutted. Wr ask you to make your grants for
jiujius where roads are already constructed, and
take certainty for uncertainty. ^ 1
There is another mistake into which the Sen-
ator from Ohio fell. He assumed, ill his argu-
ment, that these gentlemen had entered on this ,
work, not as a speculation. For "what purpose
then r For the puipose of budding up a great
national road. 'He said they were relying 011
themselves, upon their own friend-', and upon.'
! their own energies. Why, Mr. President, in the
Senatethatthey were the same bills substantially,
and the record, 1 think, will prove that they are
the same bills substantially. The only divergence
is the one to Muscatine, and the other requiring
the two upper roads to unite at a common point,
making Sioux City the terminus. That disposes
of the whole of the long and eloquent appeal of
the Senator from Vermont to show us that there
is some mistake in this matter—that Senators
have not looked af it, and have been deceived
about it. T ,
I thought that when I voted for the bill I knew
