464
appendix to the congres^iqnajl
[April 21,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Slavery Question—Mr. Ciay.
Senate.
the poisoned arrows not tolerated in honorable
warfare, which the foreign and domestic foes of
the South are ever discharging at her; and when
shot by the hand of any son of New England is
not only poisoned with calumny, but barbed
•with ingratitude.
It is the domestic produce of the. South that
gives employment to the; hands, and food and
raiment to the bodies, of the people of New Eng-
land; that has multiplied her population and mag-
nified her wealth; that has built up her Lowell
and her Boston; that has made her merchants
princes, and her manufacturers lords of the loom;
that has retioulated her surface with railroads
and studded it with thrifty villages; that has en-
abled her capitalists to indulge in European mag-
nificence and Asiatic luxury.
Take from New England, sir, the cotton of the
South, and she would learn, in the sad reverse
and rapid decline of her fortunes, the immense
and incalculable value of that involuntary servi-
tude which one of her Representatives, in inex-
cusable ignorance or more censurable malice,
denounces as a " withering, blighting, and con-
suming curse." Take from her the fleecy fabric
of the South, and in her waste water-falls, her
fireless furnaces, her moss-covered mill-wheels,
her grass-grown streets, her deserted villages,
her unfrequented harbors, her dilapidated pal-
aceS^ her untraveled railroads—in every spot,
now full of life, and blooming with the vigor of
commercial health and active enterprise—would
be quickly seen the sad antithesis of death !
I allude to these facts in no spirit of vain
triumph. 1 am constrained to do so by the wanton
and. ill-founded taunt of the Senatorfrom Massa-
chusetts. I could, too, easily paint a picture of
the wrongs inflicted and sufferings endured under
that system of servitude called voluntary in New
England, which would prove that there labor
often fails to get its just reward. But it yields
me no pleasure to contemplate the misfortunes or
faults, the errors or infirmities of my fellow-men
—far less those of my fellow-countrymen. I
rejoice rather in their virtues, their good deeds,
and good fortune. I appreciate the intelligence,
enterprise, industry, economy, thrift, and energy
of the people of New England, and have awarded
due honor and praise for their heroic struggles
and achievements in every field of human labor,
even in the very address the Senator quotes to
misapply. I am ready to acknowledge, too, as
in that speech, that the South is a large debtor as
well as creditor of New England, deriving from
her many materials of necessity and luxury. As
just and friendly neighbors, they are mutually
useful and .beneficial; but as foes, neither lend-
ing nor borrowing, giving nor taking, the South
would suffer far less than New England.
What New England has to sell, the South could
make at home, buy elsewhere, or do without.
What the South has to sell, New England cannot
make at home, do without, or buy elsewhere.
Cotton is the staple of her existence. She knows
it, as well as she kopws the plant is grown, and
its fruits plucked by the hands of slaves. Yet,
with all pious horror of slavery, she gives it daily
aid and encouragement, in employing slave labor,
in rewarding slave labor, in using the products
of slave-labor, in buying from and selling to the
slave-owner—all for her own sake. How mag-
nanimous and unselfish to refuse the slave-owner
the privilege of enjoying, like herself, the profits
Of slave labor in peace and quietness! How grate-
ful and honorable in her to curse the giver, while
she pockets the gift—to denounce him as & thief,
While she receives and appropriates the stolen
property ! Oh! sir, if she sincerely abhors the
*' peculiar institution"—if she sincerely desires its
overthrow—if her conscience tortures her as acces-
sory to our guilt, so long as we are permitted to
hpld a slave in a Territory, or reclaim him when
a fugitive, let her ease her troubled conscience,,
and prove her faith by works of self-purgation
and self-denial. Then will we believe-her. Let
her cease to buy, spin, weave, wear, or sell cot-
ton. Let her cease the use of sugar, rice, and
tobacco. Let her cease to buy molasses to con-
vert into rum, with which to speculate on the
vices, crimes, and miseries of the human family.
Let her cease the carrying trade for the South;
l«t her send no more vessels to our ports, or to
those of Cuba or Brazil. When she refuses to
make or receive any of the profits of slave labor,
or to deal with slave-owners, she will vindicate
her honor and the sincerity of her pious pro-
fessions of philanthropy, relieve herself from the
reproach of saintly hypocrisy,and will escape the
"responsibility of sustaining, extending, and per-
petuating an institution which in her heart of
hearts she believes to be wrong." Until she do
this, she cannot escape that responsibility.
What injustice has been done the North in dis-
tributing the Federal revenue, of which she has
furnished not exceeding one fifth, or one dollar
where the South furnished five dollars? Have
her military defenses been neglected, her harbors,
rivers, and roads unimproved, her soldiers unpen-
sioned—in short, has she gotten less money than
she was entitled to? Let us see:
Up to June, 1846, #838 76 had been spent in
defending, with forts, each mile of northern coast
from the river St. John's to Delaware bay; only
$416 89 had been expended per mile of the coast
from North Carolina to Mississippi, inclusive.
In June, 1847, $60 01 had been expanded in
light-houses for each mile of the northeni Atlantic
shore; not half that sum had been spent on the
southern Atlantic coast.
The disproportion in expenditure for lamps
was still greater. The South had scarcely half
as many lamps as the North had light-houses in
1840.
Of §15,201,223 expended up to 1845, upon
roads, rivers, and harbors, (excluding the Mis-
sissippi and Ohio, which are common to both sec-
tions,) $12,743,407 were expended in the North;
1 $2,757,816 in the South: being $2,805 for every
ten miles square of the northern States,and $451
for each ten miles square of the southern States.
I Of $35,598,964 paid in revolutionary pensions
1 from 1791 to 1838, inclusive, $28,262,597 were
paid to the North, and $7,336,367 to the Souths
being $127 29 for every soldier which the North
had in the war, and $49 89 for every soldier the
South had in the war; or $14 35 for every white
person in the northern States in 1790, and $5 61
: for every white pqttftn in the southern States in
that year. And ylfthe South furnished one hun-
j dred soldiers out of every two hundred and nine
I men within her limits, of military age, in 1790;
J the North one hundred out of two hundred and
I twenty-seven, according to General Knox's re-
! port; which he concedes does not do the South
j justice—because, he says, " in some years of the
greatest exertions of the southern States, there
are no returns whatever of their militia.''
Of irfvalid pensions, there was paid during
the year ending 30th June, 1854, to the North
f303,652 81; to the South, $132,087 35. The
tatc of New York alone, received quite as much
as all the southern States, excepting Tennessee.
Of pensions of all kinds, there tyas paid in
the same year, to the South, $459,96S 84; to the
North, $1,068,010 30—New York alone receiving
$292,209 55. And yet the South has furnished
more soldiers for all our wars than the North.
The South furnished, for the war of 18^2, (which
was fought mainly to protect northern shipping
and New England seamen,) 18,288 more volun-
teers man the North; for the war with Mexico,
nearly two soldiers for onefrom the North; and
for out Indian wars, a still larger proportion.
And she has done this with but little more than
half tie population of the North !
Up to 1850, there had been granted to the new
non-slaveliolding States for internal improvements
18.5 acres for each square mile of their surface;
to the new siot>e-holdmg States 9.3 acres to the
square mile. Louisiana had received 10.8 acres;
Alabama 9.8 acres, while Ohio had received 29.6,
and Indiana 47.6 acres.
Alabama for all purposes of internal improve-
ment has never received as much as 1,000,000
acres of land, nor indeed for railroads 500,000
acres, the assertion of the Senator from New
York [Mr. Seward] tothe contrary notwithstand-
ing. New York received at one time in the dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the public lands, j
quadruple the amount, in value, of all the public !
lands granted to Alabama for internal improve-
ments of all kinds. Yet the proceeds of the pub-
lic lands within Alabama limits have brought to
the Federal Treasury nearly $20,000,000.
The bounties on pickled fish, and allowances
to fishing vessels have exceeded $10,000,000, of
which nearly every cent has been paid to the
North, and chiefly to New England. About
$300,000 is annually paid at the North for catch-
ing codfish.
A like disproportion in favor of the North
against the South, in expenditures for postal
services, for custom-houses, court-houses, pay-
ment of civil officers, and, indeed, every ooject
of Federal care, could be shown. And yet,
having received in fortifications for her defense
more than double the amount expended on the
same extent of southern coast; having received a
light for every twenty-odd miles, to guide and
protect her mariners along her own coast, while,
for hundreds of miles along southern coast, not
a warning beacon cheers the storm-rocked vessel;
having received ten dollars, in cutting roads and
canals, cleaning rivers and constructing harbors,
where one dollar has been given the South; having
received four dollars in pensions where one has
been paid the South; having received in grants
of land for internal improvement two acres for
one granted the South; having received, in ab-
solute bounties for her fishermen, more than
$10,000,000, while no industrial pursuit of the
South has enjoyed any bounty; having appro-
priated all of non-slavenolding, and five sixths of
slaveholding territory, acquired', as admitted, by
southern diplomacy, or southern arms, some of
1 her sons complain that she does not enjoy a fair
and just participancy in the treasures and terri-
' tory of the Union!
The Senatorfrom New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
I assures his constituency that " in the history of
this Government, there has been no North, except
to collect revenue from!"
The Senator from New York [Mr. Seward]
tells his constituency, that millions upon millions
are lavished in war and diplomacy to annex and
spread slavery at the South, while free territory
at the North must not be looked upon, lest they
may lust after it; that millions of acres of public
domain are freely given to Alabama for railroads,
, or even gratuities, while not a dollar can be ob-
tained for New York harbors; that northern
I Senators must humiliate themselves, to obtain
justice for even their old soldiers; that protection
! is freely given southern industry, \tfhile it is
t refused northern!
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Som-
ner] adjures his constituency, by their desire for
i economy in the Government and improvement
in their rivers and harbors, by their hatred of
tyranny, which has trampled on them, to pros-
trate the slave oligarchy.
Sir, the aggressions and usurpations of the
South have merely this extent: she has struggled
with a proud spirit but feeble power in main*
tainiog her constitutional rights and repelling as*
saults; in resisting the appropriation of territory
■ acquired stainly by her own diplomacy or blood
to her own exclusion; in unsuccessfully opposing
j the extravagant expenditure in' the North of- four
; fifths of the revenue of the Government derived
from southern toil; in exerting all means'to pre-
serve her slave property provided by the Con-
stitution and the laws; in striving to seeure for
herself that justice and domestic tranquility, for
the guarantee of which to all the States the Union
! was formed; and in winning too often, though
fairly, and filling too long, though well, with her
own sons, the chief executive office of the nation.
The South does not seek to exelude non-slave-
holding States from the Union; but only asks the
admission of those who may choose to come in
as slaveholding. She does not seek to exclude
northern men or their property from the Territo-
ries; but only asks that her own citizens, with
their property, may, too, be admitted. She does
not deny the equality of the northern States in
the Union; but only asserts her own. She does
not demand any concession of northern rights;
but only asks the acknowledgment of«her own.
She does not assail or disturb the domestic peace
of the North; but only asks the forbearance ishe
displays. She does not interfere-with the internal
affairs or social institutions of the North; but only
asks the privilege of being allowed to manage her
own. She offers no insult, no injury to her
northern sisters or their sons. Can the aame be
