THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
ixi our intercourse with nations, and hoarding
them .iap, and bringing them to bear when they
are most sensitively felt, and in a critical position
we should be considered by the world rather as
a quarrelsome nation, seeking for occasion of
quarrel, than as a people of conscious^ power,
knowing how really to maintain our high dig-
I^think there isno manhere who, ifthe real dig-
nity or honor of his country is at stake, ought to
stand back from any extremity, even of honorable
warfare if nccessary. But I would respect my
dignity too highly to be making it the subject of
discussion, and seeking to make victims of subor-
dinates acting under instructions from their supe-
riors, aftertho Home Government, as I understand
has been done here, has made atonement and
acknowledgments the offense. That,according
to my sense of the honor of my country and its
laws/ redresses every wrong and heals every in-
dignity; and, much as I regret to differ from my
honorable friend from Michigan, so much more
capable of advising than I am, yet I do differ with
him when he says, he trusts that this Government
has demanded the recall of Mr. Crampton. Sir,
' when that has been done, what then ?—how do we
stand? Is our honor any the brighter for this?
Does our character as a great nation, and notonly
as agreat nation but as a great Republic, stand any
higher? Is it out of such little things as that,
such small and obscure sources, that the dignity
of this country and its character arc to flow?
Oh! no ! sir, not at all. It is, thank God, upon a
broader and loftier basis, and we shall better con-
sult it by overlooking little things than by heap-
ing them up as causes of national quarrel and
national conflict.
I should, therefore, have been better satisfied
to know that when this atonement was made
by the British Government, our Government had
said: if We accept it with the same frankness with
which it has been offered. We accept it, and
no more complaint shall be heard of this offense,
such as itwas in its origin. Now, that you have
made this acknowledgment, the complaint shall
pass into oblivion. We desire only to maintain
our rights and to repulse every attempt that can
be justly considered by any one as an invasion
of them. All we have desired has been done;
we are satisfied and have no more to say about
it."
It seems to me that, either as a nation or as an j
individual, that would have been the most proper !
course to pursue. 1 regret exceedingly that it j
has been followed up by any such demand as |
that which is supposed to have been made, or !
which my honorable friend from Michigan thinks
oughttobemade. "Whatelse shall we demand? Is
the gentleman's measure of satisfaction and of
honor filled by the recall of Mr. Crampton ? Have
we nothing more to demand on this subject? Will
we promi.se a full acquittance of it when that is
done? Would it not be as well—would it not be
magnanimous—to give that acquittance now at
once? What additional consideration doos the
withdrawal of this Minister furnish any reason
for the acquittance which we are to give, or what
sort of international consideration is it on which
we must acknowledge ourselves satisfied? I do
not know, sir, where this thing will stop, unless
it is to stop exactly at that point where between
two individuals it would stop—upon an acknowl-
edgment being made and the error or the offense
declared to be unintentional. That is the end of
it—the natural and honorable end of it, and ought
to be the national end. Such is my judgment on
this question.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, when I offered
the resolution calling for this information I con-
tented myself (as I thought it became me to
do) with stating to the Senate only the impres-
sions which I entertained, that, as we had no in-
formation upon the subject except that which was
derived from British sources, the public mind
possibly might be misled, and that justice would
not be done, m the judgment of our countrymcn,
on the questions at issue between the two Gov-
ernments. I refrained from going info the merits
of the question at all; but, sir, my judgment, that
it. was definable that we should have full and au-
thentic information, not only of what has passed
between the two Governments, but of the action
of the Executive upon it, has been fully confirmed
by the remarks that have just fallen from the
honorable Senator from Kentucky. If one as
well informed as the honorable Senator is should
be'yet under the impression that Great Britain has
made any atonement to this country, far more
such atonement as this country should receive
for the alleged indignity and insult put upon the
country, if it be true that she, in derogation of
the sovereign rights of ourpeople and of our police
laws, has sought, directly or indirectly, to recruit
her armies within our limits—it makes manifest
how important it is that the whole correspondence
should see the light.
I say to that honorable Senator that, so far as
I am informed, when the facta are promulged,
as they will be by the publication of this corre-
spondence, he will find that no atonement—none
—has been offered by the British Government to
this, whatever may have been said across the
water, or by any portion of the American press,
to the contrary notwithstanding. 1 think more,
sir; I think, when the correspondence comes under
the eye of that honorable Senator, he will find that
in the remarks which he has made, cither as to
the measures which the Government have already
adopted, or as to those which it may hereafter
adopt in vindication of the national honor as con-
nected with this subject, he will find that he has
made his leap before he came to the stile.
Sir, I think it will be found, when the papers
arc laid before the country, that, in the whole con-
duct of this affair on the part of our Government,
there has been conciliation—entire conciliation.
There has been no purpose or desire to inflame
the public mind at home or abroad, but there has
been a fixed and settled purpose to maintain the
national honor at home, and to sec that it is main-
tained in our foreign intercourse; and I think the
honorable Senator will find that the Government,
in vindicating the national honor, is in pursuit of
no insignificantgame;buttliat the mcasureswhich
have been projected so far, and any others which
may follow, I think that honorable Senator will
agree, are the measures appropriate to the occa-
sion and required by it.
I do not mean now to go further into this mat-
ter; I do not mean to go into the merits of the
controversy. They will be disclosed when the
documents are before us; and I think we shall
then have the entire concurrence of that honorable
Senator, both as to the way m which that corre-
spondence has been conducted, and the demands
that arc mode under it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not desire, Mr. Pres-
ident, to interpose any objection to the passage
of the resolution. It may be best, and it may be
wisest, that all the knowledge which our Govern-
ment may possess should be submitted to the
Senate and the public. My purpose 111 rising is
simply to propound a question to the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations and the
distinguished Senator from Michigan, or either
of them, if they shall be able to give me the
information for which I seek.
The honorable Senator from Virginia says, as
I understand him, that no atonement whatever
on the part of the British Government has been
made—I think that was the language just used;
but I desire to ask whether Mr. Buchanan did
not, in a note to Lord Clarendon, on the receipt
of his explanation, express himself satisfied with
what Lord Clarendon had said? I have heard
that suggested. Is there any foundation for such
arepoit? To my knowledge such a suggestion
has been made. For the purpose of being well
informed in the matter, I desire to know whether
such was the fact or not.
Mr. MASON. With reference to that I will
say only this. I will first repeat that I am not
familiar with the whole correspondence that has
passed between our Minister and the British Min-
ister on this subject; but I can very well under-
stand that, in the delays that ensued in conducting
a correspondence—not immediately, but medi-
ately—because the correspondence is necessarily
conducted between the Secretary of State hero
and the American Minister atLondon,nnd medi-
ately through him with the British Minister—that
m the delays which ensued in conducting such a
correspondence with the irregularity of the mails
—I can very well understand that Mr. Buchanan,
not in possession of all the facts from home, may,
in reply to some note, or in conversation, have
so expressed himself; but I am not specially in-
formed about it.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I hope the
Senate will not be drawn into a debate upon a
correspondence which is not before us. The
whole correspondence between the two Govern-
ments upon this subject is locked up among the
secrets of the Executive Department, and I have
been somewhat surprised that any opinion should
be intimated by any honorable Senator upon that
correspondence, or upon the conduct of the Gov-
ernment which is evinced by that correspondence.
Sir, we do not know that the Executive will com-
municate that correspondence to the Senate or to
the House. It rests with the Executive whether
it shall be laid before us or not. It is not for the
Senate or for the House to say whether the cor-
respondence shall be drawn forth from the Exec-
utive Department, and laid before the country:
therefore it is that the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations presents this
resolution, calling on the President, ifhe does not
deem it incompatible with the public interest, to
send to us the correspondence, so that it shall be
made public.
Now, sir, I think no honorable Senator is au-
thorized to say what is the purport of that corre-
spondence, or what will be the opinion of the
Senate or the opinion of the country upon it, for
the simple reason, that we are not in possession
of it; we are not in possession of the course of
our Government, or the course of the British Gov-
ernment . 1 know that we have a partial disclosure
from the Earl of Clarendon, in the British Parlia-
ment, giving the British version; and I am not
surprised, that an honorable Senator should be led
into any misapprehension on the subject by that
disclosure of the British side of the question.
I hope, sir, that we shall not debate the subject
before we arc in possession of the facts in regard
to it. I trust that the correspondence will be
promptly laid before the Senate in order that wo
may form a just opinion upon its merits, and
upon the course which the Government has pur-
sued. I am in favor of the resolution which is
before us, for the simple reason, that the British
Minister for Foreign Affairs lias undertaken to
speak upon the subject, but he has not given the
correspondence to the British public. He has
made certain statements which, I apprehend, are
calculated to mislead the public mind in that coun-
try and m this. The antidote is the publication
of the correspondence that is called for, and I
hope, that without debate in advance, the antidote
will be applied.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I have
not designed (to use the language of my friend
from Virginia) to take any leap upon this sub-
ject—very far from it. I feel that it is one of
sufficient gravity to merit our very serious con-
sideration; and as for my humble self I desire
to take none but the most measured steps in re-
lation to it—no leaping. It is only because it
seems to me that other gentlemen have been play-
ing a little at that game that 1 have interposed a
word on the subject.
I have supposed that the British Government
made the acknowledgments and atonements which
I have indicated; and my remarks have been
based on that supposition. The gentleman seems
to suppose that I have leaped in the dark; and
yet he himself, I find, is extremely chary in an-
swering the question which is put to him, whether
Mr. Buchanan has not acknowledged himself
satisfied with the atonement offered by the British
Government. His answer rather supposes that
such an acknowledgment may have been made;
but our distinguished diplomat acted too hastily;
he made a leap in the dark; he was mistaken in
acknowledging it.
Sir, I have not introduced this subject, nor have
I anticipated what will appear on the communica-
tion of the correspondence for which this resolu-
tion calls. My honorable friend from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Toucey] has, perhaps, administered a
very just admonition. 1 would take it to myself
cheerfully, and endeavor to conform to it and
improve by it; but I suppose that, on this occa-
sion, it is rather addressed to my honorable friends
who first spoke on the subject—the honorable
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mason] who is
at the head of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and the honorable Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass.]
The gentleman savs we had better wait. I think
so; I think it would have been better if we had
