1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
waited; but when other gentlemen do not wait,
and when other gentlemen state facts here inside
and outside of the correspondence, what am I to
do ? Does not the honorable gentleman know—
if the object be to inform the public mind—that
thousands wjII read what their names shall attract
them to in a newspaper, who will never read this
correspondence ? Yes, sir, I know it; and if there
be any error in the statement, it is a proper time
to discuss it when it is first presented.
It has been said that no atonement of any sort
has ever been made. My impression is to the
contrary, and I do not stand alone. I understand
that the British Government, as soon as she dis-
covered the dissatisfaction in the United States,
in order to avoid the possibility of future offense,
ordered the suppression of all further enlistments
in Canada or. Nova Scotia. That, it seems to
me, might, to persons disposed to be appeased,
be somewhat of an atonement. To persons in-
disposed, it might not. Itdoes notcome directly ;
it is -only addressee! to all the world; but for i
what do we want redress but that we may show it ,
to all the world? Thatisall. If we have acknowl- 1
edged satisfaction, as thfr gentleman intimates, .
and as I understand his answer implies, that is |
a fact worthy to be known when we are leaping j
here into this matter—leaping, as it w<-tv, into a ,
war with England. Let us consider that matter j
well. My constituents are not people to turn i
back from a just cause to vindicate the rights or
the honor of their country, but they want a cause.
They want to figh£ as freemen ought to light—
with a motive and for a known cause, and with
that intelligence which characterizes them in all
their action, when there are great interests at
stake. I believe, of all the people in the world,
we make least calculation about war, and care
leastabout itsconsequcnces: butit surely becomes
us, as Senators, to consider with a little prudence
these matters, and not by rash words to create
undue excitement, much less to create misappre-
hension in the country. It was for these reasons,
and under these impressions only, that I troubled
the Senate with a single word on this subject.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, 1 do not in-
tend to, trouble«tlie Senate with more than a very
few remarks on this subject. I am very anxious
to form an intelligent judgment on this subject;
but I confess that I am not capable of forming
that intelligent judgment unless I have disclosed
tome information which the honorable Senator
from Michigan may have had—unless I have
that information which I know will be disclosed
by the report of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of which my honorable friend from Vir-
ginia is the head. But, sir, when we undertake
to pronounce a judgment upon the statements of
Lord Clarendon, or to adopt a conclusion in refer-
ence to what may be disclosed by the publication
of the correspondence between the two Govern-
ments, we plunge in the dark, and may do injustice
to ourselves. 1 agree thoiouglily with what has
been said by my honorable friend from Connec-
ticut, that this way of anticipating, by premature
discussion, is not the proper method of proceed-
ing. I would not say one word m reference to
my honorable friend from Michigan, for he has
been engaged in diplomacy, and i have no doubt
he is very fully informed on this matter; and I
venture to use a word of caution for the very
reason that remarks made by him, going out
under the sanction of his name, have had a decid-
ed influence on the interests of this country. I
do not know whether those measures that have
been indicated and described with such graphic
power arc to lead to a war; T do not think that
they will; but, as my honorable friend from
Kentucky intimates, it the issue is war, 1 am not
one of those who would plunge into it hastily
and rashly, making (as it has been said by the
newspapers and by the opinion of the world) the
elements of war the cheapest elements in the
world—blood and life. I am disposed to pause
before embarking our young men into a contest
when we have no ships, guns, or money. I do
not see that we are likely to approach such an
issue; but if that be the issue, or if it be not the
issue—let it be either way—we are discussing
the issue before the world, and advertising our
adversary that, perhaps, we are divided among
ourselves.
Now, sir, how do I know that Lord Clarendon
has said what has been attributed to him ? By
what authority am I informed upon that sub-
ject?
Mr. MASON. The London Times.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, sir, I saw a statement
from another Londfon newspaper, called the News
or Morning Advertiser, giving another view of
the subject, and stating that Sir Henry Buhver
was about to interfere by his mediation to make
an entire compromise. Is that true?
Mr. MASON. I will merely say that I obtained
my information from the English newspaper,
called the London Times, reporting at large the
debate in the House of Lords, which took place
on the 31st day of January, the first day of the i
present session of Parliament. I presume the j
report is correct. j
Mr. BUTLER. I do not say that it is not so; ;
it may be so; I have not said that it may not be
so. 1 am guarded in that respect, but I say it
should come to us through the ordinary process.
Every tribunal, proposing to administer judg-
ment, recognizes some process by which the judg-
ment shall be based on the truth. Every court of
justice has witnesses under responsible sanctions.
I think that such matters as this should come to
this body through the constitutional -process;
they should be communicated m the mode pro-
posed by my honorable friend from Virginia.
Now, sir, I must say one thing in reference to
him. I did not hear all the questions propounded
by the honorable Senator from Maine, ana others;
but after the temper which was excited by one who
has borne arms and gained laurels, [referring to
Mr. Cass,] the fact is, we knowitis very difficult to
refrain from speaking; it is a kind of mesmerism
which cannot be resisted. [Laughter.] And I
must be permitted to say, that my honorable
friend from Virginia, with all his retention of ;
purpose, (and he is remarkable for it,) has suffered j
las lire to be drawn. I
Mr. CASS. I llnd in the papers of our coun- }
try and of England, a statement of a speech of i
Lord Claiendon, the British Secretary of State j
for Foreign Affairs, and a leadmgmember of the
English Cabinet. Now, as I understand the
ease, there is no more doubt that that speech was
delivered, than that such a place as Rome exists;
and I suppose no Senator will ask that some one
should come and swear that he heard it delivered !
I take it to be Lord Clarendon s speech. Lord Clar-
endon, m that speech, without promulgating the
correspondence—keeping it locked up in the ar-
chives—suppressed from the world—gives his
view of the case. May I not, as an American
Senator, examine the facts stated by Lord Claren-
don ? He says, that Judge Kane has decided that
you may engage men here to go to Halifax for the
purpose of recruiting, without violating our law.
I say that is not so. I want no correspondence
about that; but we are told thatan apology oi atone-
ment has been made. Lord Clarendon does not
so profess. He says that Mr. Crampton, from
the beginning to the end, w^is right. Have 1 no
right to examine that? What more do I want?
If Lord Clarendon should spread the conespond-
cnce before the world, wc could form our own
conclusions on it; but that is his own statement,
and we are examining K here, and it is just as
competent for us to examine it here as for him to
make it there, with a view to influence the public
mind in England. That it has had such an influ-
ence there is no doubt, for the best of all reasons
—that it has influenced many an able mind and
strong lntellectm our own country. Not a single
particle of proof does Lord Clarendon give. The
whole matter stands on his own statement. It is
a fair subject for examination, and that is the
reason why I have referred to it.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I think a war
between England and this country is too grave a
matter to be predicated on a newspaper or on a
speech. I agree with every word that has fallen
from my honorable friend from Connecticut, [Mr.
Toucey.] We should wait and have all the facts
befoie us, before we make up our judgment or
attempt to influence the public mind.
This matter is in the hands of the executive
Government's of the two countries; and if Lord
Clarendon has chosen to make a speech m Par-
liament while the subject was in the course of
! negotiation, it was in bad taste. I think it is a
i; bad exampletobefollowedhere. I imagine there
j! is no one in the Senate Chamber who would put
11 up with an insult from Great Britain, or who
would not go to war, at whatever hazard, in a just
cause and with proper provocation; but, at the
same time, it is well enough, as it seems to me,
in entering on the preliminary steps that may lead
to so grave an issue as a war between the united
States and England, that we should proceed with
great caution.
It is true that the tone of the English press is
very irritating; perhaps the debates in Parliament
are equally so. Not the least offensive of the
remarks they make is, that the United States,
although they are talking a great deal about war,
are not in earnest; and hence they predicate a great
deal of that boasting which is one of the weak
points in the national character of the English
people, and in which we should gain nothing by
imitating them. They say that we are not in
earnest; that we are approaching a presidential
canvass, and that the talk here is for the purpose
of making political capital at home. Shall we
dissipate that impression by acting in the dark
and debating a subject which is not properly be-
fore us? Or are we not likely by such a course
to justify or at least provoke a repetition of such
irritating remarks from the press and politicians
of England ?
Well, sir, in what state do we find ourselves
here? We take a report of a speech of Lord
Clarendon in the London Times, and a debate
grows up in the Senate, which seems likely to be
continued, upon the grave subject of war, when
everybody acknowledges his'ignorance of the
state of the case, both in reference to the enlist-
ment and the Central American question; and
upon a resolution, too, for the purpose of asking
for this information!
It seems that gentlemen are ready to deliver
opinions as to what ought to be done. Steps
ought to be taken, they say, which perhaps can-
not be retraced, and which may lead to a war,
and when they admit themselves that they are not
fully m possession of the facts! So far as I am
concerned, before I take a step, however humble
my position may be, in a matter involving such
serious consequences, 1 wish to know more than
I can ascertain by the report of a speech of Lord
Clarendon in the London Times. The resolution
will bring that information, and then it will bo
time enough to act; and, if we must talk, we can
at least talk more to the purpose.
The resolution was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS.
Mr. MASON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to repair a little mischief which has
occurred in the organization of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, resulting from the inadvert-
ence, the other day, of my honorable friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.]' I was not present at
the time when he asked to be excused from ser-
vice on that committee, and was so excused. In
j a conversation with him, I have found that he is
I satisfied, as I am, that the request was made on
a misapprehension of facts. With his consent,
I ask now that he may be restored to his posi-
tion as a member of that committee by the com-
mon consent of the Senate.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
AFFAIRS IN KANSAS.
On motion by Mr. STUART, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of Mr. Weller's motion
to print ten thousand extra copies of the message
of the President of the United States of February
18, with the accompanying documents, in refer-
ence to affairs in Kansas.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee, addressed the Sen-
ate. His remarks will be published hereafter.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I intend to reply
somewhat at length to the remarks which have
been made by the Senator from Tennessee; but
as he made a personal allusion to me, I prefer to
answer that now, because I recollect that a dis-
tinguished Senator from South Carolina, some
three or four years since, delivered, as I thought,
a well-timed reproof to somebody who post-
poned a personal explanation for a number of
days. I wish, therefore, to dispose of that part
of the Senator's speech now.
The honorable Senator from Tennessee began
with a lamentation over the degradation to which
the Senate had been reduced. He said it was
not what the old Roman Senate ought to be, and
what he thought it was when he was studying
