1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
mm
Mi*. CTJMBACK. Mr. Chairman, the other
side of the House seems to be divided in opinion
as to these prosecutions, and a disposition is
manifested by some to take to themselves credit
that these indictments for treason there are now
to be nol. prossed.
Several Members. Who are they ?
Mr. CXJMBACK. I understood the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] to say that in
his 
Mr. ORR. The gentleman misunderstood me
entirely. I did not express any opinion on the
point at all.
Mr. CUMBACK. I understood the gentle-
man [Mr. Orr] to say that perhaps the President
now entertained some doubt as to whether trea-
son had been committed by the men who formed
the free-State constitution m Kansas.
Mr. ORR. I did not express my opinion as
coming from the President.
Mr. CUMBACK. Well, I so understood the
fentleman from South Carolina; and understood
im further to say that he had doubts whether
treason had ever oeen committed by these men
now in prison there charged with that crime.
Mr. ORR. I did, so far as I myself was con-
cerned. I have not investigated the testimony
closely; but so far as I have investigated I do not
believe that treason, according to the Constitu-
tion, has been committed.
Mr. CUMBACK. Well, that is a hopeful
indication, and I doubt not that others on the
same side of the House will soon, if not now, be
of the same opinion. Be that as it may,enough
has transpired in this debate to-day, to let us
know that the President of the United States has
suddenly become awaked on this subject, but not
until those gallant men, who dared to maintain
their rights, and defend the cause of freedom,
and resist usurpation and outrages, have for four
long months been confmcd in prison and with
chains, some in tents, sweltering under the burn-
ing sun, guarded by soldiers and a posse composed
of non-resident hirelings. These men thus con-
fined, subjected to the taunts and insults of bitter
enemies, deprived of every comfort, will no doubt
be fully consoled when they learn that, duringall
this long time, the President has been looking dil-
igently after their interest, and the hint is to-day
dropped, that he will at the end conclude—I know
not how soon—that they have been confined with-
out any cause whatever. This will not avail him
and his political friends now, while I confess I
am rejoiced to hear that these men are to be re-
leased.
Sir, he knew all the facts before these prosecu-
tions were commenced: yea, more; he incited and
brought about these prosecutions by his special
message of the 24th of January, on Kansas af-
fairs, where he takes the express grounds that
the attempt to organize the government in Kan-
sas under^the free-State constitution made at To-
peka, would be " treasonable insurrection," and
would be treated accordingly by the Executive.
For that message, and for that position then as-
sumed by him, and afterwards embodied in his
proclamation, he has received the congratulations
and hearty commendations of his political friends
on this floor, and throughout the country. What
change has come over his spirit, that thus induccs
him to take the back track and overturn the mon-
strous doctrines contained in his own official
papers ?
What meant tHe high-sounding words but a
few months ago uttered in the other end of the
Capitol by the leader of the Administration party,
that its policy would be to require submission to
the laws and constituted authorities in Kansas,
st to reduce to subjection those who resist them,
and to punish rebellion and treason?" What, sir,
has so suddenly brought this party, that talked
so vauntingly of" subjection," to such a sudden
halt? Sir, the question suggests the answer. It
is the scathing indignation of the people, that is
borne to us on every breeze from all sections of
the outraged but not yet subjected North, that
has done this; and I am glad to see that it will
do the work, and relieve tiiese men.
At this point the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Smith] is unfortunate. What
does it mean? We are about lo stop supplies for
that Territory until these prosecutions are dis-
missed; but the gentleman from Virginia wishes
to provide that nothing in our proceedings shall
be so construed as to prevent future prosecutions.
I regard that as significant, when taken in con-
nection with the hints that the President intends
to dismiss these cases, whether our amendments
prevail or not. Sir, it reminds me of the man
who, when about to die, remembered that he had
a long-standing difficulty with his neighbor, and
had him called to his bed to make terms of peace
with him. The neighbor came, and all was for-
given , and peace made; but as the neighbor started
out of the door to leave his sick friend, he was
called back, and the sick man says, " See here,
neighbor, if I die, this arrangement is to stand;
but if I get well, matters are to stand as they did
before.' [Laughter.] So with the President and
the Democratic party in their dying bed: they
propose to make peace with the people by dis-
missing these prosecutions at this late day; but
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
plainly says that, if they survive November, and
elect their candidate for the Presideney, this dying
arrangement is to be null and void; but if they
die at that time, it is to stand.
On those conditions I think the dismissals will
be permanent. [Applause.]
The question was taken on Mr. Smith's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following.amend-
ment:
It not being the intention of this Congress to express
any opinion in reference to the guilt of persons charged
with treason in Kansas, leaving the question to be settled
b.y the judicial authority of the country.
As the iftipression may be attempted to be cre-
ated, Mr. Chairman, that the South desires the
conviction of persons charged with treason in
Kansas, right or wrong, I take the liberty of say-
ing that no such feeling, as far as X know, is en-
tertained by the southern people. And I state here,
sir, that if the question had been presented fairly
to the southern people, so as that the legal prin-
ciples involved might have been investigated, to
determine whether these parties were or were not
guilty of treason, there is not a man at the South
with a heart so base as to have rendered a judg-
ment improperly against these people. I do not
hesitate to say that I have always—in the language
of the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
—entertained doubt as to whether the offense of
treason had been committed or not; and whenever
that issue is presented to me I will come up and
meet it with a sense of the responsibility which
belongs to so grave a question.
Mr. CAPvLlLE. Will the gert^man from
Georgia allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; I did not come here
to be catechised. [Laughter.] I say it is a legal
question which does not belong to this Congress to
settle. Itis a question which belongs to the courts
to settle, as to the propriety or impropriety of the
action of the grand juries of Kansas in bringing
these indictments, and not to the great Demo-
cratic party, or to the party to which I belong,
which party is represented by myself in the ex-
pression of my opinions; for I do not know that
I belong to any other party, and have not for
five years. But I protest against the South being
held responsible at all in this issue. 1 do not
deny the power of the President to investigate
these matters. If he believes that the crimes
with which these parties are charged have not
been committed, let him sfop the prosecutions,
and bring, as far as possible, peace to this dis-
tracted country; but t do say that the delay to
form an opinion up to this time is, in my humble
judgment, in most decidedly bad taste. [Cries
of" Good !" and " Hear, hear!"]
But, again, I do not approve of the efforts of
gentlemen on the Republican side of the House
to attach an amendment of this kind to an
appropriation bi)L I think it is wrong; and the
only credit I can give the gentlemen is, for the
boldness of the proposition. For one, if these
propositions must be ingrafted upon all our
money bills, I am for defeating the bills, and
letting the Government go. [Cries of "Agreed i"]
I will not submit, under threats of this sort, to
swallow what I do not approve, or stop the sup-
plies of Government. I will not be trammeled
by any such threats. If gentlemen on the Re-
publican side of the House wish to test the
strength of the Government by legislation of
this kind, let them do it. If the President truckles
to it, I never shall, be the consequences what they
may. The country must fudge which side of the
House is responsible. 1 shall take c£re of iny
own individual responsibility upon this sabject.
Sir, there is such a variety of opinions apon
political questions that 1 hardly know where I
belong. [Laughter.] I only know that I shall
give my vote for Buchanan, and that is as far aa
I can go. [Great laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. This is a vfery
important bill, and it ought to be acted upon
speedily. This one exciting topic contained in
the amendment of the Senate lias perhaps been
as fully discussed as would be profitable. There
is but one other interesting amendment from the
Senate, and that was very fully discussed some
time since, namely, the book amendment; and I
now propose, therefore, for the purpose of insur-
ing a speedy action upon the bill, to move that the
committee rise, for the purpose of going into the
House and terminating this five-rrtwutes debate,
I make that motion.
Mr. MATTESON demanded tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Illinois, and Sherman, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 86, noes 49.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburn, of Maine,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the Senate amendments to the bill
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial departments of the Govern-
ment, and had come to no resolution thereon.
ENROLLED BILLS. MmM.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee oii'^TOed
Bills, reported that the committee had
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act granting a pension to Morris Powers;
An act granting a pension to Mrs. Olivia W.
Cannon, widow of Joseph S. Cannon,late amid-
shipman in the United States Navy, now deceased;
An act granting a pension to Samuel B. Porter,
a soldier in the late war with Great Britain;
An act to increase the pension of Amaziah
Goodwin, of the State of Maine;
An act to increase the pension of Alpheus T.
Palmer, late a lieutenant in the ninth regiment
United States infantry;
An act restoring Joshua Mercer to the roll of
invalid pensioners;
An act for the relief of Betsey "Whipple;
An act for the relief of Levi C. Harris;
An act increasing the pension of Albert Hart;
An act gran ting a pension to Nathaniel Mothers-
head, of Missouri;
An act for the relief of Joseph Smith;
An act for the relief of Samuel Forrest;
An act for the relief of Dempsey Pittman; and
An act for the relief of Amos. B. Eaton, a
commissary of subsistence in the United States
Army.
CLOSE OF THE FIVE-MINUTE DEB.ATE.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer a resolution
that the five-minute debate in the Committee of
the Whole on the Senate's amendments to the #
legislative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill, be closed when their consideration shall be
again resumed.
Objection was made.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose stated.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended—two thirds voting in the affirmative.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the _ previous
question on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CAMPBELL, t move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CRAIGE. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion to let me offer aresolution.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I cannot.
Tho motion was agreed to.
