496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25.
Viri Rom<&. He said it had become reduced ex-
ceedingly; and he proclaimed to the Senate and
to everybody who chose to listen to what was
going on in the Senate, that he was about to
make an elevated speech; that he was about to
confine himself to what was worthy of the sub-
ject and of the Senate. It is very true that he did
put in a sort of a caveat, that in the excitement of
debate he might be led to utter something which
would not be exactly the thing; but for that he
begged pardon beforehand. He probably knew
about what he was going to say, and he put in
the caveat—"if he should in the excitement of
debate." "Well, sir, he has had all the debate to
himself. Nobody on earth has said anything to
excite&im but himself. He did, however, suc-
ceed in getting up the excitement of debate solo
altogether, so as, I think, to work himself up to
such a pitch as to say something which, if it be
the elevation to which he seeks to raise the Senate,
I pray God to leave mo in my degradation; I do
not want that elevation. One of the phrases with
which this refined era of elevated eloquence is
inaugurated in the Senate is " the filth and cor-
ruption of negro cabins." That is one specimen.
Another to which I wish to call the attention of
the Senate is that in which the Senator attributed
my return to the Senate to the care which the
Devil takes of his own. I think that is right.
Sir, you know wha brought me back hero. It
was the President of the United States, and
nobody else who has done it. If it had not been
for the course which the President of the United
States took upon this very subject—if it had not
been for the manner in which he outraged public
sentiment in his native State, so that he has not
got a single friend from that State in either House
to say " God bless him!" I should not haye been
here. That is the devil who took care of me—
the President of the United States. [Laughter.]
Sir, I am glad that the Senator from Tennes-
see referred to the Rhode Island case. In a day
or two—1 can do it to-morrow if it is thought
best—I propose to show you where the President
of the United States stood on that issue. I will
show you the ground of the President of the
United States upon the doctrine of popular sove-
reignty in its application to Rhode Island; and if
the learned Senator from the Stale of Connecticut
[Mr. Toucey] is booked up, and will enlighten
the Senate a little, he can tell you where Connec-
ticut stood at that time. When Thomas W.
Dorr was a fugitive from the government of Rhode
Island, and found it convenient to emigrate, the
first place to which he went was Connecticut; and
I think I am not mistaken in public history when
I say that he found a sympathizing friend for his
doctrines in the Senator from Connecticut. lie
stayed there as long as it was prudent and agree-
able to stay, and the next place to which he went
was New Hampshire. There, sir, the most ultra
sympathizing, superlatively sympathizing friend
whom he found was a man who is sometimes
called " young Hickory/'butwho was christened
Franklin Pierce. rl hat was the man who in-
dorsed to the fullest extent and in the broadest
terms the whole doctrine of popular sovereignty
as it was proclaimed in Rhode Island by Dorr. I
have got some resolutions which were then passed
' m New Hampshire, and I will bring them in and
serve them just as the Senator from Tennessee is
going to do that little book which lie held up to
us—embody them in my speech—but I will read
them first.
The Senator appealed to me personally. He
said that I would have the candor to say—but he
took it back afterwards, and said I was all made
up of prudence. He said, at first, that I would
have candor enough to acknowledge that if the
Missouri compromise was repealed our war would
not stop. I understood him first to say that I
had candor enough to acknowledge it; but he
took that back and used the future tense. He
said that he thought 1 would have candor enough
to acknowledge that, if the Missouri compromise
was repealed, we would not carry on this war
until the last manacle was stricken from the last
black man. What war? What war? What
aggression has the North ever been concerned m?
Sir, I am tired to death of this talk. What does
the Senator from Tennessee think? Does he
think that, by repeating over and over and over
again "northern aggression," all history is to
be falsified; that we are to be thundered out of
our common sense by this denunciation of north-
ern aggression ? What is it?
• Why, sir, I suppose it was northern aggression
that repealed the Missouri compromise ! Was it
not? It was northern aggression that made war
upon Mexico, and took such a great portion of
her territory, and blotted out the restriction of
slavery which that semi-barbarous people had
imposed upon that portion of God's earth which
fell to their dominion ? Was thatnorthern aggres-
sion ? It is northern aggression which has held
possession of the high places of this Government
—in your chair, sir; in the presidential chair, on
the bench of the Supreme Court! It is northern
aggression that so carves out this country that a
vast majority of the people inhabiting the free
States are kept in a perpetual and eternal minority
in that everlasting citadel of slaverv—your Su-
preme Court of the United States. It is northern
aggression,I suppose, thathas doneall this. Sir,
I had heard this term so many times that 1 had
begun to suppose people would be tired of using
it. What have we done? We have stood on the
defensive. We have always been in a practical
minority here, because you have bought up
dough-faces enough to control tis. We have
always been in a minority practically.
Now, then, let me explain our position. The
Senator says I would fight. No, sir; I would not
fight at all; but I would defend, and that is all we
have done. We have never made aggression,
and we never mean to do so. The difficulty is,
that our people have not even stood upon the de-
fensive; but I thank God that the indications of
the present day seem to promise that the North
have at last got to the wall, and will go no further.
I hope so. The Senator says there may be a
power that shall say," Thus far shalt thougo, and
no further." Good! good! Sir, I hope it will
come; and, if it comes to blood, let blood come.
But 1 tell your President of the United States,
who threatens to send his myrmidons to shoot
down the free inhabitants of Kansas, let him fire.
I tell you the first Federal gun that is fired to shoot
down one of those inhabitants will echo and re-
verberate over the hills and the valleys of this
land; and he will find that, like Rhoderic Dhu's
men, the freemen will comc up, and the fight
will not be all on one aide. No, sir; if that issue
must come, let it come; and it cannot come too
soon.
T am sorry that we confirmed Shannon, because
I think, if this issue is to come, the President had
better send out as Governor of Kansas area! fire-
eating slaveholder—a man who believes that sla-
very is a divine institution, established by God
and sanctified by Christ, as it has been proclaimed
to be in some official papers of the southern States.
Bet him send such a man as that, and let the issue
—if he is determined to make it—come.
Sir, the Senator from Tennessee seems to talk
of the Puritans of New England, as if that were
a tervi synonymoug^with cowardice. Did he ever
read the history of the Puritans? I tell you, sir,
the Puritans of Old England rode hard all over
England to get the sight of the backs of some of
| the Cavaliers, and could not find them. [Laugh-
( ter.] Sir, it was a motto of Cromwell to his Pu-
ritans, to trust to Providence—that is well, said
he—but look to your ammunition, and " keep
your powder dry. " That was apart of the puri-
tanical code of those days. The Senator is alto-
gether mistaken m the character of those people.
We are not quick to get into a quarrel, personal
or political, of any sort, and he knows it. We
i are yielding, and he knows it. We have yielded, j
We have seen the power of this Government, for j
the last fifty years, exerted, almost with a single j
aim and purpose, to extend, foster, perpetuate,
strengthen, and render eternal the institution of
human slavery. We saw it in the annexation of
Texas—avowedly so by the Secretary of State.
For what else was the Missouri compromise
stricken down? And yet the Senator speaks of
northern aggression, as if we had been making
war.
Sir, the doctrine which has been proclaimed by
the men about whom I know anything engaged
in the anti-slavery enterprise of the North has
always been, that they disclaimed and denied
utterly the purpose, the desire, or the power to
interfere with slavery in any State where it exists.
They never proclaimed any such thing, and it
cannot be found. The most ultra of them, in the
first national meeting they ever held as a conven-
tion, utterly disclaimed it.
The gentleman speaks of some times past, and
of some eras gone by. I do not know that the
era has gone by when the North is to be driven
I do not know whether the honorable Senator
thinks that Senators on this floor, representing
the views of their constituents, are to be silenced
by such personal assaults as have been made on
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
I can tell the Senator from Massachusetts not to
be alarmed. I have experienced it all, and more.
His colleague, my honorable friend, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] felt it all, and a great deal more. He is a
man whose character conferred more honor on
the Senate than the Senate on him, by taking his
seat in the body. He did not escape it. No man
who has come to the atmosphere of Washington,
and who has brought with him anything of fidelity
to his northern constituency, that has not found
all such influences as these brought to bear to.
crush and break him down. Well, sir, this
attempt may succeed, and it may not. I can
pardon a great deal to gentlemen thinking it may
succeed, because I know that in the history of
the past it has succeeded; and, therefore, they
may be encouraged to make these demonstra-
tions.
Now, sir, I confess that I have not been favor-
ably impressed by this inauguration of the new
eloquential era in the Senate; for the Senator from
Tennessee closed his speech with the illustrious
figure of the bowie-knife, an$ he threatens that
we shall have war to the knife, and the knife to
the hilt. Sir, Puritan blood has not always
shrank from even those encounters; and when
the war has been proclaimed with the knife, and
the knife to the hilt, the steel has sometimes glis-
tened in their hands; and, when the battle was
over, they were not always found second best.
I confess I am sorry to see such things introduced
here. I had hoped, after such a peaceful inaugu-
ration of this speech, after such pious proclama-
tions of the elevated tone with which this discus-
sion was to be carried on, it would not end with
a war to the hilt of the bowie-knife; but, sir, I
am mistaken—tastes differ.
Now let me state, all that we ask, all that we
desire, all that we claim, is this: if you like slavery
keep it; nobody finds any fault with you fordoing
so. We disclaim any desire, any purpose, any
wish to interfere with it in the States; and what-
ever the Senator may say, I defy him—I defy any
man with whom I- have ever come in intercourse
in the Senate, or in the other House, or in social
life—to say that I have ever allowed myself to "use
an opprobrious or insulting epithet; nay, more,
an epithet calculated, or designed, or intended to
wound, or injure, or hurt any man's feelings.
God knows I have had too bitter experience.
in my own history of such attempts, to return
them, even to the humblest of my species: No,
sir; I have done nothing of that sort. What do
we desire? We desire, as I understand southern
gentlemen to profess, "hands off." They say
the General Government has no jurisdiction over
slavery. Agreed; that is all we want. When you
passed your Kansas bill, you claimed that it was
to be left to the unbiased voice of the free settlers.
That is what we wanted. We were willing to
have it so; but the complaint is, that we have not
had that; and the Senator admits, if I understand
him, that wrong has been done there, but it is
justified as a measure of retaliation on the emi-
grant aid societies! The Senator says this is the
first time he ever heard of those societies. Well,
sir, it is not the first time I ever heard of them.
If I have read history aright, there were emigrant
aid societies got up m England to colonize Vir-
ginia.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I said in the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, Virginia is in the
United States. [Laughter.] Virginia was settled
by emigrant aid societies, and so were most of
these colonies. This emigrant aid society, if I
understand it, was got up before the passage of
the Kansas bill. Again, the Senator asked why
this alarm about the border ruffians ? Sir, the
alarm is because we believe the power of the Fed-
eral Government has been arrayed on their side.
I think the order of the Secretary of War to which
the Senator from Massachusetts alluded, was
justly obnoxious to the very censure with which
