1222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
of the next nearest sections within the width of
fifteen miles. Consequently, there may be more
land given to a road than would be doubled in
price; for they may select their lands within fif-
teen miles of the road, while the double price
extends to only six miles on each side. That,
however, is the same provision as has been con-
tained in all bills of the kind.
Mr. BRANCH. Then, in case all the land
within six miles on each side of the road is
taken up by private persons, and none is left be-
longing to the Government, the railroadcompany
goes beyond the six miles and selects its lands,
and there are no sections of Government lands
which are doubled in price.
Mr. BENNETT. When the land is not taken
up, there is no more land granted than is doubled
in price.
Mr. BRANCH. Then it cannot be pretended
that under this bill the Government loses no
money.
Mr. BENNETT. That must be taken, how-
ever, with this qualification. The lands along the
route, not taken up for the railroads, are brought
into market by the Government, and arc first put
up at auction before they are subject to private
entry at the double price. Now, in the State of
Iowa, it is supposed tnat these lands will be greatly
enhanced in value by these roads and therefore
it may be that the reserved sections within six
miles may be sold for much more than the vnlue
of all that the road gets—they may yell for five
dollars or ten dollars per acre. Dut if they should
not be sold for more than double the price, there
would not be so much received as there would be
were the whole sold and no grant made to the
roads.
Mr. BRANCH. Then it depends upon whether
they bring more than $250 per acre.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to
refer this bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, ponding
the call for fhe previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. If the previous question is
not sustained, it will be in order*
The SPEAKER. It will.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Before that ques-
tion is taken, I move to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question was put; and, on a division, no
quorum voting—
Mr. MAXWELL called tor tellers.
Tellers wre ordered; and Messrs. M.wwmli,
and LxcTcribK wrie appointed.
The question wns taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 51, noes (>9.
So the House refused to lay the hill upon the
table.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. JONES withdrew the call for the yeas and
nays.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. LETCHER. Can it be read a third time
until it be engross* d ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the bill is engrossed.
Mr. LETCHER. Then read the engrossed
bill.
The bill as engrossed was then read the third
time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. RUFFXN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MACE. I call the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mo in question ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allen. Ball, Barbour, Bark&daSe, Bell,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Biiimghurht, Bowie, Brenton,
Broom. Buffi num. Janxs H. Campbell, Lewis 1). Campbell,
Ezra Clark, dawson, Williamson It. W, Cobb, Cmgm,
Callen, Davidson., Henry Winter l)avis, Timothy Davis,
Denver, Dowdcii, Durfec, Edwaids, Evans, Flagler, Tleuiy
M, Fuller. Gilberts Granger, Given wood,.f. Morrison Han i*,
Herbert, Thomas 11. ilorton, Valentine J3, ilorton, Ilugh-
ston, Kellv, Kcnnctt, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Lindley, Mace, Samuel S.Marshall,Matteson,Max-
well, McCarty, Morrill, Parker, Peck, Pelton, Pennington,
Perry, Pike, Pnngle, Richardson, Rivers, liobison, Sabin,
Sandidge, Sapp, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Ste-
phens, Stranahan, Swope, Tappan, Taylor, Thorington,
Thurston, Valk, Wakeman, Waibridge, Walker, Watkms,
Welch, Wells, Williams, Woodruff, Wood worth, and Dan-
iel B. Wright—84.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Bingham,
Bliss, Boeoek, Boyce, Bradshaw, Branch, Burnett, Cad-
walader, Cai'hle, Clingman, Cumback, Dickson, Edmund-
son, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Thomas
J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Goode, Grow, Hailan, Haven,
Hickman, Ilolloway, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Keitt, Kid well, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K.Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall, MeMullin, Meaeliam, Killian Miller,
Smith Miller, MiJlson, Morgan, Andrew Oliver, Pettit,
Ready, ltufftn, Scott, Sneed, Stanton, Stewart, Talbott,
Tratton, Trippe, Warner, Wheeler, and Whitney—57.
So the bill was passed.
Pending: the call of the roll,
Mr. COLFAX stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Hall, of Iowa, on railroad bills.
Mr. PURYEAR stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Porter, on all grants of public lands
for railroads.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I had ptiired off with
Mr. Edie, but I have received a note from him
saying that I was at liberty to vote, if I voted
affirmatively, for the grants of lands for railroads.
I avail myself of that privilege, and vote "ay."
Mr. DOWDELL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Shorter, had paired off with Mr. Dean till the
27th instant.
Mr. MAXWELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsidcr on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MAXWELL. 1 move to amend the title of
the bill by adding the words "and Alabama," and
also by adding the letter k< s"to the word " State."
Apart of the road from Pensacola to Montgomery
lies in Alabama, and perhaps it is better to have
the title of the bill so amended.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, 1 want that amend-
ment made, becau&e, if Alabama yets her share,
she will not want to get any more.
The question was taken on the amendment;;
and it was agreed to.
The title as amended reads: " A hill granting
public lauds in alternate sections to the States of
Florida and Alabama, to aid in the construction
of certain railroads in said States.'4
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to pro-
ceed to the business on the Speaker's table, and
on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. J ones ?s motion;
and was decided in the negative—yeas G4, nays
79; as follows;
VEAS—Mosis. Aiken, Alien. B;trk«dale, lJell, Billing-
Imr-it, Hoeook, Branch. Brooks, Burnett, Cadwaiader, Car-
lilc, Cbugmnn, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Culieu, .Denver,
Dowdell,' ftdmundftoti, Klhott, Kngb^h, Faulknoj, Florence,
Thoina.- J. I). Fullri,Goode,Uteenwood, Hickman, tlusrhs-
ton, Geoi<ro W. Jones, J. Ghmey .Tone*, KLeitt, Kelly, Kid-
wet!, Kinght, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace,Samuel S. Muishall,
Maxwell, Me.Mulhn. McQueen, Mo.tehatn. Smith Miller,
Million, Andiew Oliver, Phelps, Pike. Rulhn, Sandidge,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stanton, Stephens,
Stewart, Tnlhott, Tappan, Tavloi, Tyson, Warner, Israel
Washburn, Watkins, Well*, Wheclei, Williams, Daniel B.
Wright, and John V. Wnght—G-l.
NAYS—Messrs. Albii<rht, Alison, Hall, Barbour. Henry
BuineU, Benson, lluigliaiu, Bliss, Bowie, tfradshaw, Bren-
ton, Btomn, Bufhnton, Jaimw II. Campbell, John P. Camp-
hell, Lewis P. Campbell, Chalfee, Kzra Cl.uk, Clawson,
Colfax, Ciagm, Cumhack, Iieniy Winter Davis, Dickson,
Duifee, Ed waul .i, Evans., Flagler, Fo.sfri, Iletiry M.
Fuller, Giddnigs, Gilbert, Grow, Harlan, .T.MorriNon Hams,
Hanison, Haven, Ilolloway, Thomas II. Ilorton, Valen-
tine B. Ilorton, King, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Lmdley,
Alexander K. Marshall, Humplney Marshall, Matteson,
Kilhan Miller, IMilhvaid, Moigan, Muriay, Pame, Peck,
Pennington, lYtnt,Puiyear, Ready', Rivers, Rolnson, Sabin,
Sapp, Scott, Sneed, Stranahan, Tiionngton, Thut-ton,
Todd. Trafton, Trippe, Valk, Wa)bridfiO, Wakiion. Walk-
er, Welch, Whitney, Woodruff, and Woodwortii—79.
So the House refused to proceed to the consid-
eration of the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I now renew the
motion that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clingman
and Matteson were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 66, noes 66.
Mr. MATTESON calledfortheyeasandHays,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 63, nays 84; as follows;
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Ball, Billinghurst, Bowie,
Branch, Broom, Bufiinton, Burlingame, James H. Camp-
bell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee,
dawson, Clingman, Coliax, Cullen, Henry Winter Davie,
Timothy Davis, Denver, Durfec, Eustis, Evans, Foster,
Henry M. Fuller, J. Morrison II an is, llairison, Haven,
Hickman, Thomas 11. Hortori, Keitt, Knight, Knox, Mace,
Alexander K. Marshall, lluinplney Marshall, MeChteen,
Millward, Pame, Paiker, Pennington, Pnngle, Puryear,
Ready, Rivera, Jlobison, Sapp, Scott, Sneed^Stranahan,
Swope, Thoiington, Thurston, Trafton, Tyson, Valk, Wal-
dron, Walker,Israel Washburn, Wells, Whitney, Williams,
Woodruff, and Woodwortii—63.
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Barksdale,
Bell, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Boeoek,
Bradshaw, Brenton, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwaiader, Carlile,
Ezra Clark, Williamson 11 W. Cobb, Cragm, Cumback,
Dowdell, Edmundson, Edwards, Elliott, English, Faulkner,
Florence, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Goode, Greenwood, Grow,
Harlan, Ilolloway, Valentine B. Ilorton, Hughston, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kidwcll, King, Knapp,
Knowlton, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Matteson, Maxwell, McCarty, MeMullin, Meachamy
Kilhan Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan, Morrill,
Murray, Andrew Oliver, Peck, Pelton, Perry, Pcttit, Phelps,
Pike, Kmlin, Sabin, Sandidge, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith.
William Smith, William R. Smith, Stanton, Stewart, Tal-
bott, Tappan, Tajloi, Wakeman, Walbudge, Warner,
Wntkin«i, Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright
—84.
So the House refused to go into committee.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Sipney Webster,, his Pri-
vate Secretary, announcing that the President had
approved and signed bills and a joint resolution
originating in the. Mouse of the following titles:
An act to amend the act in addition to certain
acts granting bounty land to certain officer.^ and
soldiers who have been engaged in the military
service of the United States, approved March 3,
1655;
An act for the relief of Christian Hax, of the
State of Maryland; and
A joint resolution for the statistics of the coast-
wise commerce, to be included hereafter in the
annual reports of the Secretary of the Treasury
on commerce and navigation.
Mr. LETCHER moved that the House pro-
ceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. II. MARSHALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 69, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Albnght, Allen, Bell, Henry
Bennett, Bilhnghuist, Bingham, Booock. Branch, Biooks,
Burnett, Cadwaiader, Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cold..
Davidson, Denvei, Dowdell, Edmund&on, Elliott, Evans,
Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. I). Fuller, Giddm^s,
Goode, Granger, Gieemvood, Hickman, Ilolloway, Hugh
ston, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kid-
well, Knight, Knowlton, Letehei, Lumpkin, Mace, Samuel
S. Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell, MeMullin, Meaebam,
Smith Miller, Millson, Mornll, Murray, Andiew Oliver,
Perry, Phelps, Ready, Rutlin. Samuel A. Smith. William
Smith, Stanton, Stephen*, Talboit, Tappan, Taylor,Thurs-
ton, Todd, 'iVon, Wainer, l-nael Wa&libuin, Watkm-s,
Wells, and Williams—69.
JV'VYS—Messrs. Allison, Ball, Bliss, Broom, Brenton,
Builinton. Burlmgame, John P. Campbell, Lewis I). Camp-
bell, Caihle, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Cum-
back, Homy Winter Davi.s, Dickson, Durfce, ftdwaids,
Rustis, Giow, Harlan, J. Moirison Han is. Harrison,
Haven, Thomas It. Hoiton, Valentine B. Horton, King,
Knapp, Lindley, Humphrey Marshall, McCarty, Kilhan
Miller, Paine, Parker, Pelton, Pcttit, Pnngle, Pnrvianer,
Puryear, Rivers, Robert®, Robison, Sapp, Scott, William It.
Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Stranahan, Thonnirton, Trafton,
Trippe, Wakeman, Waibridge, Waldron, Walker, Whit-
ney, WoodiulF, and Woodwotth—59.
So the motion was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WHEELER stated that he had paired off*
until the 2d of June with Mr. Knox. Upon this
question Mr. K. would have voted in the negative,
and he (Mr. W.) in the affirmative.
The House then proceeded, in execution of its
order, to the business on the Speaker's table, the
business first in order being the bills from the
Senate on their first and second reading.
Senate bill (No. 196) to authorize the circuit
court of the United States for the southern district
of Georgia to entertain appeals and grant writs
of error In certain cases, was taken up from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
