A^PENDii t6 THtr CbNGttEfe&bNAfc GLOfifc
4&
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Slavery Question—Mr. Clay.
Senate.
tory falsified, but southern men are vouched as
witnesses, and their speeches garbled, misquoted,
or misapplied.
And these are the foul libels and incendiary
appeals, not of the scavengers of literature, who
live like muck-worms upon corruption, but of
grave and dignified men, who affect tne honor, the
decencies, and proprieties of gentlemen; of states-
men, who aspire to make laws for the govern-
ment of twenty-five millions of people, to mold
public opinion, to reform public morals and en-
lighten the public mind; of our peers, (nominally,)
who sit on this floor as the equals of all of us, and
the enemies of none of us, as the representatives
of equal, confederate, and friendly States! If
such oe the effusions of the fountains of Black
Republicanism, what must be the infusions of
its cesspools ?
Now, sir, I submit to honorable men whether
freater aggression, or more wanton, or more
ase, could be committed against any society,
than such atrocious libels upon the southern peo-
ple, and such violent and incendiary attacks upon
their domestic institutions? They are intended
and calculated to destroy all faith in them, t#bring
them under universal reprobation, to subvert,
prostrate, and annihilate them. And yet—
" With that dull, rooted, callous impudence,
Which, dead to shame and every nicer sense,
Ne'er blushed, unless, in spreading vice's snares,
She stumbled on some virtue unawares,"
we are told there has been no aggression, no
wrong done us; and the President is assailed with
bitter invective,"by those who participate in or
approve these assaults, because, with true moral
courage, and a just regard for our constitutional
rights, he alludes to those citizens of the North
who officiously intermeddle with our social institu-
tions, and who are permanently organized in associa-
tions to inflict injury upon us by wrongful acts, which
'would be cause of war between foreign Powers, and
only fail to be such in our system because perpetrated
under cover of the Union.
The Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale]—the friend and associate of our assailants
—assures us that all the anti-slavery men he
knows " disclaim, utterly, the purpose, desire, or
power, to interfere with slavery in the States where
it exists." There are none so deaf as those
who will not hear; none so blind as those who
toill not see. Has he never seen or heard of those
among whom Lysander Spooner is prominent,
who deny that either the Constitution, the act
of 1793, or 1850, requires the surrenderof fugitive
slaves—who declare that slavery itself is uncon-
stitutional, and that Congress should, through its
courts, backed by military force, exert its power
to abolish the institution in the States; and for
that end should arm, organize, and discipline the
slaves as militia? Has he never heard of Phillips
or Wright, Parker or Beecher, sage lawyers and
piousdoctors of divinity, who, conceding the con-
stitutionality of slavery, propose to trample on
Constitution, laws, and, if need be, the Bible, in
order to put down slavery, and adjure the North
to do so—peaceably if it can, forcibly if it must?
Has he no knowledge of societies who annually
announce and advocate the same propositions in
their resolutions and addresses?
Sir, I was amazed at the declaration, even from
the lips of the Senator from New Hampshire; for,
notwithstanding his imputed addiction to trifling,
and want of credit for sincerity, I did not think
him willing to go into voluntary bankruptcy. No
one can doubt that the Senator knows many more
anti-slavery men than any southerner does, who
are willing, ready and eager to assail slavery in
the States, and only bide the time when they think
they can do so safely and efficiently. He only
deceives himself iflie supposes such declarations
from him deceive any one else. I need not go
out of this Hall to find those who have avowed
anti-slavery sentiments as extreme as can be
uttered, and express the purpose and desire to
interfere with slavery in the States where it exists.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Seward]
avowed, as much as eight years ago, when he de-
clared there were " two antagonistic elements of
society in America, freedom and slavery"—" that
the party of freedom seeks complete and universal
emancipation"—that slavery " can be and it must
be abolished, and you and I can and must do it"—
! and advised the cautious and insidious, but re- |
i lentless and persistent mode by which to " bring
\ the parties of the country into an effective aggres-
sion upon slavery." He did not define his
j measure of abolition, but declared that " when-
I ever the public mind shall will the abolition of
| slavery, the way will open for it."
, I think it was John duincy Adams who said
: there were half a dozen clauses of the Constitu-
; tion under which slavery might be abolished in
the States. Who can doubt that a way would be
opened, if necessary, through the bowels of the
Constitution, to achieve the work by a party pos-
sessing the legislative and executive branches of
the Government, and, thinking with the Senator,
that they could and must abolish slavery. Indeed,
did not the Senator deny to slavery the protection
guarantied it by the Constitution, when he said
last fall that " it [slavery] is in violation of every
line of the Declaration of Independence and the
whole summary of personal rights contained in the
Constitution ?" And did he not invoke abolition-
j even to save the Constitution, by declaring " sla-
very is not and never can be perpetual. It will
be overthrown either peacefully or lawfully under
this Constitution, or it will work the subversion of the
Constitution, together with its own overthrow."
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] avowed a like purpose and desire in a lecture
at Boston, last spring, when he declared, with
heroic egotism, " Send it abroad on the wings of ;
the wind that I am committed, fully committed— i
committed to the fullest extent—in favor of imme- i
d1ate and unconditional abolition of slavery,
wherever it exists under the authority of the
I Constitution." Where he purposed to abolish
j slavery is explained in his letter, shortly after,
; to Wendell Phillips, in which he says: " I hope,
j my dear sir, we shall all strive to unite and com-
bine all the friends of freedom, forget each other's
faults and short-comings in the past, and all labor
to secure that cooperation by which alqpe the
slave is to be emancipated, and the domination
of his master broken. Let us remember that more
than three millions of bondmen, groaning under
nameless woes, demand that we shall cease to !
reproach each other, and that we labor for their
deliverance Thus, he points to the slaves in j
the States as those for whose immediate and itn- j
conditional emancipation he wishes to unite all j
the friends of freedom. His colleague [Mr. Sbm-
ner] has often avowed the same designs, and did ,
last fall, at Boston, when, after appealing to ava-
rice and ambition to prostrate the "slave oli- !
garchy," for the sake of the treasures and offices j
of the Federal Government, he adds, as the
crowning glory of such a triumph: "Prostrate
the slave oligarchy, and you will possess the
master-key with which to unlock the whole house
of bondage. Prostrate the slave oligarchy, and the
gates of emancipation will be open at the South."
No one can misunderstand this language. It
means that, when we are trampled underfoot, and
impotent for our defense, those who have their
heels upon our necks will be able to dictate their
own terms of emancipation to the southern
States.
But, sir, why should I adduce proof of a fact
which is as notorious as is the existence of an
Abolition or Free-Soil party, and is known to
every readingmanin the world, except, forsooth,
the Senator from New Hampshire—taking his
word for it.
Nor are those who concede that slavery in the
States is beyond the reach of Congress under the
Constitution, and profess their purpose to let it
alone there, but yet avow their intention and their
power to assail it in the Territories, this District,
and wherever the national flag floats, less disposed
or less determined to effect abolition in the States.
They have the same goal in view, but propose to
approach it by a circuitous instead of a direct
path. [They intend to constrain the States to do
what radical Abolitionists propose to do by Con-
gress or by force of arms.
What is the purpose of nullifying the fugitive
slave act, and the constitutional provision under
which it was framed, by personal liberty laws?
I The Abolitionists respond: " Give the panting
J fugitive this inestimable right [trial by jury] ana
j in every northern State he is safe; for where can
j you find twelve impartial men among us who will
decide, on their oaths, that a man has not a better
right to himself than another has to him; that the
blood which runs in his veins is not his own;
that the right to liberty is not inalienable ? Secure
this right to fugitives, and all the northern States of
the southern part of the Confederacy will be drained
of their slaves.''
What is the object of abolishing the slave trade
between the States? The Abolitionists reply:
" Were it not for this grand canal of horrors—
the 'infernal slave trade —the dark waters would
overflow and drown the profitableness of the system
in these States, and compel them to emancipate in
order to save themselves from destruction." * *
" Cut this infernal artery, the monster would die;
starvation would slowly but surely consume him in
his southern, and apoplexy in his northern,abode.
Fifteen years would number him among the dis-
honored dead."
Wh' abolish slavery in this District? The
Abolitionists say, "The moral influence of it
would pierce to the heart of the whole system.
It would pronounce and sign its death-warrant.
It would be the solemn verdict of the nation,
decreeing the annihilation of this dark abomi-
nation. The highest legislative body of the
Union representing the whole people would de-
clare slavery unfit to live,—for let us not forget
that Congress will abolish it, not becatl&e it has the
power, but because of its intrinsic wickedness. The
act would speak in authoritative tones to every
slaveholding State, ' Go thou and do likewisd?
It would write in letters of flashing fire, over flt
gateway of the national Capitol—' No admittance
for slavery !' The whole system would thus be
outlawed, branded with ignominy, consigned to exe-
cration and ultimate destruction.'"
Why prohibit slavery in the Territories ? The
Abolitionists say, " It is our Jinal hope for the
extermination of slavery. Sir or eight large States
shall yet march into the Union with free banners
floating in the breeze. Open the doors wide, and
beckon in State after State from the Northwest, and
the General Government is in our hands. Then
the perpetuation of freedom will be the great idea
of national legislation. Slavery will melt away
before its burning action, till tne last vestige of
it shall have disappeared."
Thus are weassured by the anti -slavery societies
in their annual addresses, that in all these meas-
ures they have the same end and object in view—
the abolition of slavery in the states. they
also assure us that they esteem as most efficient
of all these measures, the increase of non-slave-
holding States in the West.
What is the avowed purpose of those who, on
this floor, oppose the admission of slaveholding
States into the Union ? The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] if my memory serves
me, said: " Confine slavery to its present limits,
and it will die of inanition like a spider under an
exhausted receiver." Governor Chase, of Ohio,
said " it would localize and discourage it." The
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] said the
northern people "consider that the extension of
slavery over more country is to encourage and
perpetuate it. That the more it is circumscribed the
less is it productive, and the sooner will it be emanci-
pated."
And, sir, I might multiply quotations from
numerous high authorities affording cumulative
evidence of the same fact, that all of the measures
proposed by those who disclaim a purpose to
interfere with slavery in the States, but intend
merely to denationalize and localize it, are con-
ceived in the wish, and exerted with the expect-
ation, that they will overthrow slavery in the
States. The indirect consequences of the acts
are the direct objects they hope to achieve. They
seek the same end with radical Abolitionists, but
by different means. The course of the latter
is less odious and dangerous than that of the
former. The one is open, direct and manly;
the other, insidious and dastardly The one
would afford an opportunity to repel th e aggressor,
or perish in the effort; the other would bind and
paralyze us, and then starve us to death. The
one offers no false hopes, but would destroy by
one fell blow; the other eludes us with promises
of mercy while flaying us alive. The one denies
the obligations of the Constitution, or, admitting
them, insists on a rescission of the contract, ana
