THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, AUGUST 15, 1856.
New Series....No. 132.
The SPEAKER. It is not, inasmuch as the
House has ordered the main question.
THE PROSECUTIONS IN KANSAS.
Mr. EUSTTS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House what action has
been taken or decided upon by the Executive in connection
with the prosecutions instituted against any parties impli-
cated in the disturbances in the Territory of Kansas.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to amend that
by adding " and his reasons therefor.''
Mr. EUSTIS. If the gentleman will tell me
that the President has done it, I will accept that
modification.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know anything
about it.
Mr." EUSTIS. If any gentleman will state
here, that the President has taken any such action
upon the subject, then 1 have no objection to the
modification.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to the reception of
the resolution.
Mr. DICK. I ask the consent of the House
to take up from the Speaker's table, Senate bill
No. 291, to provide for the improvement of the
harbor of Georgetown, District of Columbia, in
order that it may be referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. LETCHER, Mr. PHELPS and others,
objected.
Mr. PHELPS. As objection is made to the
introduction of the resolution of the gentleman
fiom Louisiana, [Mr.Eustis,] Igive notice thatno
other business out of order can be done.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I understand that the
main question has been ordered on the bill
which has been reported from the Committee of
the Whole, and as the transaction of any other
business is objected to, I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
fifteen minutes past four o'clock) the House ad-
journed until to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, August 14, 1856.
Prayer by the Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain
of the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to hear re-read that
portion of the Journal relating to the motion of
my colleague in regard to the protest of the Senate
of Iowa.
The Secretary read,as follows:
" On motion of Mr. Jones, of Iowa,
" Ordered, That the credentials of the Hon. James Har-
lan, of Iowa, with the resolutions of the Senate of Iowa
relative to his election as a Senator from that State, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
was not made.
Mr. HALE. It was objected to, and the Chair
said it could not be entertained.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. "With the per-
mission of the Senate, that clause will be stricken
from the Journal. The motion to refer was not
in order at the time when it was made; anditwas
objected to. The Chair hears no objection to
correcting the Journal by striking out that clause.
PAY OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask, by general consent,
that a verbal corrcction be made in the bill to
regulate the compensation of members of Con-
gress, by striking out the words, " on proper
requisition," which are surplusage, and add after
the word " die," the words," or his term expire;"
so as to make the same provisions apply to cases
of death and expiration of a term.
There being no objection, the amendments
were agreed to.
132
PORTRAIT OF JOHN HAMPDEN.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I have received
a letter from the late Minister of the United States
at the Court of London, inclosing a letter to him
from Mr. John MacGregor, who is well known
as a great statist, and as Secretary of the Board
of Trade of England. This gentleman desires to
present to Congress a portrait of John Hampden,
the great champion of civil liberty. I ask that
the letter may be read; after which I shall submit
a resolution to the Senate.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Athenjeum Club, \§th March, IR06.
My dear Sir: Your having been so kind as to forward
the portrait of the patriot Hampden, to be presented from
me to the Congress ol the United States, I think it proper
for hip to say something of the facts, as far as I have ascer-
tained them, as to its authenticity.
It was foimerly 111 the possession of Sir Richard Ellis, of
Buckinghamshire. His tamily, in the male line, became
extinct, and it, with several porttaits, passed into the pos-
session of collateial heirs, and one of those, almost fifteen
years ago, on repairing and altering his house, gave the
old poi traits to a decorator and gilder, of the name of
Westby, to sell. Westby was, at the same tune, employed
by me m decorating and gilding my house in winch X lived
m Lowndes Square, and m which our mutual friend, Lady
Talbot de JVIalahide, now lesides. From Westby I bought
Sir John Lely's portiait of Lord William Russell, and this
portrait of Hampden, attributed to Vandjck, 111 his earliest
and more finished manner lloubraken engraved from it
his portrait of Hampden, for his large historical collection.
I send you this engraved portrait. Houbraken was a some-
what har&h engraver, and took liberties with the costumes,
though he generally preserved the likeness. In this en-
graving it will be observed that every feature, the moustache
and hair, aie strikingly coirect, the coloring making the
only difference. There is an ivory bust, very like, taken
from it, at the seat of the Earl of Buckinghamshire. Tiiere
was a fine marble bust, from the painting at Stowe, before
the magnificent collection of the duke was sold in lots a
few years ago. That bust had on the pedestal the following
inscription:
"John Hampden.—With great courage and consummate
abilities he began a noble opposition to an arbitrary court,
m defense of the liberties of his country; supported them
in Parliament, and died for them in the field."
It is known that, at an early period, Hampden, disgusted
with the despotism of the King and the Chuich, contem-
plated settlmg in America. He, his cousin Cromwell, and
several others, had actually embarked in the Thames, and
were pi evented from departing by Charles I. It would ap-
pear, by the following extract from the history of New Eng-
land, by Jedediah Morse, D. I).,and the Rev. Elijah l'ansh,
that Hampden had previously been 111 America, when about
twenty-eight years of age : *
" In the spring of 16*23, Massasoitfell sick, and sent intel-
ligence of it to the Governor, who immediately sent Mr.
Winslow and Mr. John Hampden (the same man who
afterwards distinguished himself by his opposition to the
arbitrary and unjust demands of Charles i.) to pay him a
visit. They carried with them presents, and some cordials
for his relief. Their visit and presents were very consola-
tory to the venerable chief, and were the means of his re-
covery. In return for their kindness, he informed them of
a dangerous conspiracy among the neighboring Indians, the
obiect of which was the total extinction of the Ensrhsh. By
means of this timely discovery, and the consequent spirited
exertions of the Governor, whose wko plans were executed
by the brave Captain Standish, the colony was once more
saved from dcfctiucuon."
These cncurnstcinces not only associate the name of
Hampden with America, but with the ongin and rise of her
political, civil, and religious liberties. It was these histor-
ical facts, and the honest intciest which I take 111 your mag-
nificent country, that suggested to me pieeenting the por-
trait of the great patriot to your national Congress.
Wishing, with all sincerity, your safe arrival and happy
meeting with your friends, and assuring you that I shall,
through life, retain the warmest recollection of the happy
and instructive times I have had the pleasure of enjoying
your society,
Believe nte, faithfully yours, J. MACGREGOR.
The Hon. James Buchanan, <5'c., $c., <§-c.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, it will be per-
ceived by the Senate, from Mr. MacGregor's letter,
that the portrait which he now offers us is attrib-
uted to the pencil of Vandyck, the greatest portrait
painter known after Titian. Vandyck died in Eng-
land, in the year 1641, after having painted the
portraits of many of the illustrious men of that
period. It is not at all unreasonable to suppose,
therefore, especially when the peculiar style of
the portrait is observed, thatit is really his work.
If it be not, however, it can be ascribed to no
source less distinguished than Sir Peter Lely,
who went to England in 1G41, and succeeded
Vandyck in reputation and in business. Whether
it be the one or the other, the portrait is of value,
and special value, from the great fame and repu-
tation of either the one or the other artist, and
to no other can it be attributed. Sir Peter Leiy
painted in the style of Vandyck. It is possible,
therefore, it may be his work, and notthatof Va -
dyck. But, as I cannot discover the cypher which
it was the custom of Sir Peter to put on all his
portraits, I conclude, as Mr. MacGregor states,
that this picture is by Vandyck. It has all the ease
and grace of his style—the figure has his favorite
attitude, and the picture is every way worthy of
him. Be that as it may, itis valuable as the work
of agreatartist. It. is still more valuable onaccount
of the great historical interest which attaches to
the name of John Hampden—the purest of all
the patriots and champions of freedom in Eng-
land, who offered up his life in defense of popu-
lar rights, against royal and despotic prerogative.
It derives a further interest from the incidents
mentioned by Morse, and quoted in Mr. _Mac-
Gregor's letter, which connect Hampden with an
important event in the early history of one of the
States of-our Union. I suppose that, taking into
consideration all these things, the reputation of
the artist, the value of the portrait itself as a work
of art, tho historical interest of the personage
whom it represents, and, I will add, the character
of Mr. MacGregor himself as a' distinguished
statist, a man of high reputation generally, and-
what naturally enough touches us still more, a
very liberal friend of our country, there will be
no hesitation in accepting it, with a proper appre-
ciation of the gift.
The Committee on the Library think the Pres-
ident's house is the most appropriate place in
which to put this portrait. I ask leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution for that purpose.
Leave was granted by unanimous consent to
introduce the joint resolution (S. No. 40) ac-
cepting the portrait of John Hampden, presented
to Congress by John MacGregor; and it was
read twice by its title, and considered asm Com-
mittee of the Whole. Itis:
Resolved, $•<:., That the portrait of John Hampden, pre-
sented to Congress by John MacGregor, be accepted, and
the Joint Committee on the Library be directed to cause the
name to be properly framed, and placed m the Executive
Mansion.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. STUART presented the petition of Mary-
Gay, widow of William Gay, late Indian agent
in the Territory of Kansas, praying that provis-
ion may be made for her support, m considera-
tion of the murder of her husband by armed men,
while in the discharge of the duties of his office;
which was ordered to lie on the table, a bill for
her relief having already been passed.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of
Lindsay Muse, assistant messenger in the Navy
Department, praying for an increase of his com-
pensation; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BIGGS presented the memorial of William
McKenney, praying that the act of July 27,
1854, for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers and seamen of the United States
schooner Grampus, lost at sea, rnay be so con-
strued as to extend relief to him; which waa
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the petition of
Joseph S. Bossier, praying for payment for losses
caused by the seizure of the brig Seraphim and
cargo by the Government of Colombia; which,
was referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of L. A.
Latil, praying a pension on account of disability
incurred while master armorer at Baton Rouge;
which was referred to the Committee on Military-
Affairs.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from th.e Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
315) making appropriations for the service of
the Post Officc Department during the fiscal year
