1224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
that the first, second, and seventh sections of
that bill have been excluded altogether from this.
Those clauses established the oasis of suffrage
for the District of Columbia—prescribed the
qualifications of electors. Why was this change
made? Let me recur to some facts that exist,
and we may arrive at the explanation.
Under the election law of this District, now on
• the statute-book, the commissioners of election
decided that a naturalized citizen could not vote
until he had resided in the District one year as a
citizen; in other words, that his residence did not
count pending his alienage. The court, on a
case made up, and which came before it, inti-
mated an opinion to the effect that the foreigner,
when naturalized, even the day before the elec-
tion, might demand the exercise of the right to
vote at any clcction, if he had resided here a year,
though that year elapsed pending his alienage.
The court, as at present constituted, entertain,
and would express, this opinion, as is appre-
hended; so that the commissioners of elections
and the court may be said to be at issue on the
construction of the existing law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. There is nothing in this bill about
the qualifications of voters. We are now in the
House, and not in committee, and the gentleman
from Kentucky should confine his remarks not
merely to what is in the bill, but to the question
of reconsideration—not to what might be in the
bill; for if he takes such latitude, he might speak
to everything, wilhout limitation.
The fc>i?JEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
if the gentleman from Kentucky proposes a modi-
fication to the bill, remarks relating to the object
of the bill will be 111 order pending the question
of reconsideration. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will proceed.
Mr. MARSHALL. The effect of this bill, in
the contrariety of decision between the commis-
sioners of elections and the court, will be to over-
rule the construction of tlfe commissioners, and
to establish that of the court; so that every for-
eigner who has resided here one year, and may
be naturalized 011 the morning of the election, will
have the right to east his vote at the municipal
elections of this city. This oifect i«? produced by
leaving out of this bill all allusion to the qualifi-
cations of electors, and abiding by the existing
law, provided you compel the commissioners to
yield their construction of the existing law; and
this the bill now under consideration proposes to
cflect—not by direct legislative declaration, but
by the imposition of severe penalties upon the
commissioners of elections, in case of their icfusal
to permit a man to vote who, undei the existing
lnw, possesses that right. Of tins right Die court
will judge; and when the court has construed the
law, the commissioners must disobey that con-
struction al their peril. The opinion of the court
as to the construction of the existing law being
now substantially known, to pass this bill, in its
present shape, ia to adopt that construction as
given, or to be given, by the court, yet to avoid
the responsibility of voting for it, directly, 111 this
Chamber. Under the existing law, every resi-
dent of Washington over twenty-one years of
age, who expects to vote, must register his name
before the 31st of December, in order to have the
privilege of suffrage in the succeeding June. The
young men arriving at the age of twenty-one
between December and June, are deprived of the
privilege of voting until the succeeding year.
The effect, then, of the passage of this bill, in its
present terms, must be to compel the commis-
sioners of election, at the approaching election,
to admit to the right of suffrage the foreigners
who may be naturalized between December and
June, and to deprive the native citizen of that
right who may have arrived at twenty-one years
of age between December and June, and who
may never have breathed a moment of his life
beyond the precincts of this metropolis! I want
to amend this feature of the law. It is not only
an unwise provision, in my opinion, but it is
an unjust discrimination against the native-born
American citizen in favor of the naturalized citi-
zen.
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate myself that I have
obtained an opportunity, before it was too late,
to call the attention of all sides of the House to'
the operation of this measure; ay, sir, to call
public attention to it, and to let the country see
that Representatives in this Hall are not merely
willing to let foreigners upon the easiest terms to
the platform of suffrage in this city, but, when
they pass this bill in its present shape, to let the
country see and know that they are acting with
their eyes open to the unjust discrimination the
bill makes in favor of the foreigner against the
American who is " to the manner born." The
Republicans and Democrats display a combina-
tion here to-day, apparently intent upon passing
this bill through the forms of legislation. They
may succeed in effecting their purpose', but they
shall take their success cum, onere, and must ex-
pect to be called on to justify the odious discrim-
ination against the Native American citizen, to
which I have alluded, and of which they cannot
plead ignorance.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
made a point of order on me just now, and it
seemed to be that I must not travel out of this
bill and its provisionsin this discussion; and that,
as the Senate bill says nothing of qualifications
for electors, I must not allude to that part of the
subject. Mr. Speaker, that point of order was
too thin a veil to hide the deformities of this bill.
The country will know—it shall know what this
exclusion of the clauses that were formerly re-
ported by the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia means. As the bill now stands it is but a
bill of penalties, hurling the denunciations of the
law against the commissioners of elections, to
compel them to bo\f their heads to the decisions
of a court construing the existing law of elections
in this District — decisions, of which the com-
mittee and the House have a knowledge already.
Tins legislation operates to produce agiven eilect
in the country, which gentlemen arc not willing
to produce by a direct rccord here, pronouncing
it as a legislative decree,.and so taking it for a
full responsibility before their respective constit-
uencies.
it is but fair to us all that we, as members of
this body, should have an opportunity to present
amendments, and to discuss the propositions of
this bill. This is the only Legislature of this
District. Gentlemen well know that I and those
who are associated with me have never desired
either to restrict the number of voting places,
or to restrict the hours of voting. All that we
have requested, in conncrtion with tins bill, was
that opportunity should be afforded to us to indi-
cate the amendments we desired to place on this
bill, in order to carry out fairly and fully our
views of the proper basis on which the privilege
of suffrage should rest. By the parliamentary
operations of the friends of this bill, that privilege
has been denied to us; and the effect of moving
the previous question to forcc the bill through
to itx third reading has been to compel us to take
the bill as if eame from the Senate. To that we
object, for the reasons already given; and for
others i will proceed now to give. The bill under
consideration is loose in its grammar, and ambig-
uous in its phraseology. It seeks to punish the
commissioners of election for a defect of under-
standing rather than for a perverseness of will,
and a reckless disobedience of the law. The bill
provides as follows:
Tliat if any commissioner or other person appointed to
supci intend municipal election*1 in the city of Washington
fdmll knowingly lehw to receive the vote ot a person pos-
the legal qualification to vote at -such ejection, or
t-hall in any other manner hinder or picvout the lejjal c\er-
eise of the elective fianehisc in said 'nty of Washington, h^
shall, upon indictment and conviction thereof before 'the
criminal comt of the District of Columbia, be subject to
impi isonmmir m the county jail for a period of time not
exceeding mv months, and to a fine not cxceedimr S200 in
each case, at the discretion of the ouit, and shail'thcie-
aftcr be ineligible to any ollicc undci the city corporation,
besides be my: liable m damages to the party whos>c vote
shall be >o rejected.
" If any commissioner " shall " knowingly
refuse, "&c. If such language means anything, it
means to express the idea that the refusal shall be
"knowingly/' instead of the fact of the party's
right to vote. I presume it was intended to say,
" If any commissioner shall refuse to receive the
vote of a person possessing the legal qualifications
of a voter, knowing such person to be so quali-
fied," &c. The adverb qualifies the sense of the
word "refuse," and does not apply to the fact
of the elector's qualification. A commissioner
might " knowingly refuse" to accept a qualified
voter, yet might not know such voter to be legally
qualified. The word, sir, is in the wrong place,
and does not express, I presume, what Congress
means to say. It should be amended so as to
express the sense of Congress. But, moreover,
other words should be added, as thus: Who
shall " willfully and corruptly refuse," &c., so as
to punish the perverseness or corruption of the
commissioner, and not his mere error of judg-
ment. There is no legislature which deliberately
punishes the citizen criminally for the mere error
of judgment or defect of understanding; but this
bill operates so as to have that effect. Now, I
ask the House if it will indulge gentlemen whose
design seems to be to press the bill through in
the exact shape in which it has met their ap-
proval, when it has such gross defects patent
upon its face? I invoke the House, for its own
crcdit, to turn back, and permit the* bill to be
properly amended before they sanction it as a law.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I ask my colleague to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. MARSHALL. If he wish to ask a ques-
tion I will yield.
Mr. ELLIOTT. No; I want to make a state-
ment.
Mr. MARSHALL. I understand the rule of
the House to be, that if a member yield the floor
for a statement he yields it altogether.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I merely desire to remqek
that I have paired off with my colleague, Mr.
Swope.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky seems to have considered this bill atten-
tively. The gentleman says that the first section
punishes the commissioner for an error of judg-
ment 
Mr. MARSHALL. It docs.
Mr. STANTON. But the question which I
wish to put is this: whether the word "know-
ingly" will include a knowledge of tiie law ?
Mr. MARSHALL. Every party is presumed
to know the law. The section is that, " if any
commissioner, or other person appoin ted to super-
intend municipal elections in the city of Wash-
ington, shall knowingly refuse" . Why, he
could not refuse without " knowingly" refusing.
To say nothing of the elegance of the language
employed, I would refer it to the classical chair-
man of the committee, whether he imagines that
a man could refuse without " knowingly" refus-
ing ?
Air. MEACHAM. This is not the bill that
was drawn by our committee.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then I understand the
gentleman not only to ignore the bill, but to re-
pudiate it.
Mr. MEACHAM. Not at all. Imerely state
that this is a Senate bill, and has been taken from
the Speaker's table as such.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then I can only say
proh puilor! to the Senate; and that it becomes us,
as. Representatives, at least to correct the lan-
guage of the bill, so that the people, when they
read it, may not imagine we use language without
weighing our words. I repeat that I wish to in-
seit the words "willfully and corruptly."
A Member. Not " knowingly."
Mr. MARSHALL. The commissioners can-
not refuse wilhout knowing it. I do not believe
that from any statute-book of State or Territory
a law can be produced punishing judicial or min-
isterial officers for a defect of understanding.
Mr. MEACHAM. As far as the Committee
for the District of Columbia is concerned, we will
admit very cheerfully the amendment suggested.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman's conces-
sions come rather late in the day.
Mr. MEACHAM. The committee was will-
ing to admit it when the suggestion was first
made.
Mr. MARSHALL. I call the attention of the
committee to another fact. You are attempting
by this bill, for a mere defect of understanding
on the part of a commissioner, to inflict upon him
exactly the same penalties which the law inflicts
upon one who corruptly perjures himself in the
attempt to vote.
But, sir, take another view of this subject. Is
it wise for us to undertake to pass a law for the
government of the people of this city, 111 the con-
struction of which the judge of the court may either
play fast or loose, as suits his fancy ; Have not
we wisdom enough to express the law so that the
executive officers who are charged with its admin-
istration may understand exactly the scope and
