W6#.J
m
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Slavery Quetiion—-Mr. Clay.
Senate
hare availed themselves of it, in order to divert :
this current of emicrntion from its natural and
accustomed channel, and pour it into Kansas,
hsre invoked the combined aid of the vilest pas-
sions of depraved humanity and the most irra- ,
tional and f'-rocious fanaticism. Sectional envy,
jralonsv, and hatred of the South, have been
aroused by representing the repeal of die Missouri
restriction as conceived in the wish and framed
for the purpose of extending slavery, and aggres-
sive in lis policy upon the "rights of the North;
and the northern people have been adjured by
their self-love and self-respect to resent the insult
and revenue the injury. And yet the very men
who bewail the obliteration of the Missouri re-
striction, in affected strains of grief and indigna-
tion, as a breach of plighted faith, never kept the
faith when an opportunity was afforded for its
violation for their benefit and our injury, and
never failed to denounce the restriction and stig-
matire it as the odious black line, or.ilgtrine line,
while it existed. They talk with well-feigned
dread of the portentous increase of the slave-
power tinder that act, and of the past and pro-
sptctire aggressions and usurpations of the «' slave
oligarchy," well knowing that the South has been
retrogressing instead of advancing in relative ter-
ritorial extent and numerical strength; that shehaA
yielded in territory and treasure to the aggrand-
izement of the North and her own enfeeblement,
until she is now unable to maintain her rights in
the Union, and is dependent upon the Democratic
party, the constitutional party of the North, for
their prcservati^jfc They deprecate, in piteous
and pions tones, The increase of slavery and the
aggravations of the wrongs of the black race, well
knowing that their introduction there will not add
one to the existing number of slaves, and will tend
rather to ameliorate their condition.
Not content with appealing to anti-sfertery ffeel-
kg, to sympathy with the negro and hatred for
his owner, to ambition and the love of sectional
domination, they appealed to a passion which we
are assured by one of the agents and orators of
the emigrants aid society never fhils to unite the
North—the lore of money. They promised td
make " a good thing of it"—that is, a scheme
for realizing large pecuniary rewards for small
risks. They proposed to colonize Kansas with
anti-slavery paupers, men " who could not do with-
ovt the adrantcges offered them by the society"—" 16
be rrtainfd in its cause "—" to be under cimtrot <jf ,
that organization"—"to Be bound to it"—" to be
under bends to make Kansas a free Stale." J, quote
from the address of Mr. Thayer, the agent of the
■ociety. The organization was to secure them
cheap transportation to Kansas, and there to build
their dwellings, mills, churches, and school-
houses. Thus much has been conceded by a
Srominent member of the emigrants' aid society,
fr. Thayer, in his public address. Thus much
of the mode of working and the materials to be
used has leaked out of Mr. Thayer in his appeals
to the northern public for aid in this enterprise.
Although, in the same address, he alfects that the
company will and do transport all who apply for
aid without inquiring for their views of slavery,
ret his own admissions negative this assertion, i
He pledges, upon condition of certain moneyed
contributions, to send enough men under bonds to ]
make Kansas a free State. He admits that those 'j
sent cannot do without the advantages afforded them. 1 \
fty the society; that they are its retainers under its 1
control—bound to it as apprentices. I
The emigrants' aid men are, confessedly, not J
freemen, but villeins in the service of the com- '!
Sany; not free agents, but agents of the company; j
ependents, unable to stand alone; beneficiaries, i
firing on the bounty of their patrons. They go i
to Kansas, not of their own will or choice, butby 1
the inducements offered by the company. They
do not go relying on their own strong arms and : j
brave hearts for support, but trusting to the com-
pany to afford them those advantages they cannot
do without: They do not go to originate a State,
but to mold one after the model prescribed in
Massachusetts. Nor are Mr. Thayer's declara-
tions the only evidence afforded that those emi-
grants are the hirelings, dependents, and liege- .
men of that society. The entire programme of !
their proceedings, from the advent of the first
cargo landed in Kansas up to the last scene of the ,!
I farce enacted by the mock Legislatureat Topelta,
had been published in Boston and New York in
advance of the various performances. The east-
ern seers have enjoyed the rare triumph of wit-
nessing the complete fulfillment of their prophecies
in Kansas; but they have consulted the organs of
the aid society who keep the book of fate for
that Territory. Indeed, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Wilson] has displayed the same
prophetic spirit on this floor, having told us sev-
eral weeks in advance what has been done by the
amateur Legislature at Topeka.
But, sir, there is one part of the machinery of
.the incorporation for ruling Kansas that has not
been fully explained; and that is, when and how
the stockholders are to derive the profits of their
investments. Whether to be paia in money, in
land, or in labor, by their hirelings: whether in
speculations in town lots, or the public lands, or
the Indian reservations, is somewhat questiona-
ble. The bold blundeir of Governor Reeder, how-
ever, coupled with the statements of the secretary
of the emigrant aid company, directing what sites
are to be located for the company, and for what
purposes, show that they propose to speculate
on the ignorance and helplessness of the Indians
in getting possession of their lands, and, perhaps,
on the frauds and perjuries of their hand-plants
whom they may place as settlers and preemptors
on the Government lands. We are warranted,
by the orders of the secretary and the example of
the Governor, in saying that they mean to get
land—honestly, perhaps, if they can; but, if not,
still they mean to get land. They are not scru-
pulous about laws or treaties. Enough of their
policy has been developed by their Organs to
show that the scheme is at war with the just and
liberal spirit of the land laWa of the United Stales,
which were intended to secufe homesteads, on
easy terms, to the landless, and to prevent spec-
ulations in the public domain, or the appropria-
tion of large bodies of it by individuals, or by
associations, with great moneyed capitals.
But, if combinations of little bands of specu-
lators, united in interest by small capital, should
endanger popular rights, and excite the appre-
hensions of Congress, so as to induce the most
stringeBt legislation to defeat their schemes, how
much more dangerous and detestable a State cor-
poration, whose moneyed capital Is told by mil-
lions, and which aims at the appropriation of an
entire Territory to the* exclusion of the people
of fifteen States of the Union! Individuals, or
private companies, would absorb a few sections,
qr, at most, a township, while nothing short of a
Territory will satiate the State corporation's lust
of dominion. I have heard of the hardy pioneers
organizing and arming themselves, preparatory
to an approaching sale of the public lands, in
Order to silerice by force, if necessary, the land
monopolists who should attempt to purchase
their humble homes. Is it surprising, that this
mammoth corporation, which proposes to grasp
a wilderness, whose boundaries are described by
parallels of latitude and longitude, and settle it
with its tenants, should excite the indignation,
and provoke the resentment and resistance of
those who dwell upon its borders ?
And is it possible that any Senator will justify
these contemplated schemes of land monopoly
by the emigrant aid society? If Massachusetts,'
or a Massachusetts corporation, had proposed to
buy the Territory, Congress would hot dare sell
it on* any condition. If the State, or its corpora-
tion, through its agents, offered to enter the lands
of the Territory, it would not be permitted at the
land offices, or tolerated by the Government.
Wherein lies the difference between the State or
its corporation buying the Territory or entering
the lands there; and the hireling emissaries of the
State doing the one or the other for the benefit of
the Corporation? Thafeis none in prihciplfe; it
is achieving the same thing by different means.
It is assuming domiriioii in theforrtier case, openly
and directly; in the later, covertly-and indirectly.
The former is honest; the latter dishonest. That j
it was intended and proposed to appropriate the |
Territory to Pree-Soilers by tnonejr power, the j
power of associated capital, is distinctly pro-
claimed. The same Mr. Thayer says, comparing
the emigrant aid soeietr with the tonthern emi- j
grants," ire put oar riches-against tlieir poverty,-|
and say they cannot stand the*)." . I could cite
many similar declarations to altow that land mo-
nopoly by the strength of associated capital waa
its aim and ohieci.
Although the Constitution iiowhere. inhibits
t!he intervention of a State in the affairs of a Terri-
tory, yet the attempt of Massachusetts to govern
KanSas by laws passed in a State Legislature at
Boston, would clearly be an invasion of the rights
tof other States to which they would scarcely
submit. This, 1 presume, will be conceded by
all the Senate, except, perhaps, the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] who declared, that
"whatever is not expressly forbidden by the Federal
Constitution may latcfully be done by the States —
a sentiment not only hostile to the peace of the
(Jniou, but to public virtue and State honor. But
wherein is there any real or practioal difference
in Massachusetts passing laws to operate oh the
people of Kansas, and governing them through
the medium of a State corporation sitting .in Bos-
ton ? If there be any, it is in favor of the gov-
ernment of the State, rather than of her corpora-
tion. Nor did the patrons of this eastern emighi-
tion rely upon the strength of money and numbera
alone,to aoolitionize Kansas. Despit&the positive
denials of their champions on this floor, their
hirelings were equipped for violence and war.
They did not carry with them the iniplanents of
industry, but the instruments of death. Cannon
and Sharpe's rifles were their tools of trade.
It has been said on this floor, that fire-arms
were not carried there until the invasion of the
! ''Border Ruffians,'' To disprove this assertion,
< I will not adduce the testimony of Misaourians,
members of Congress, and private citizens, ©r or
the Delegate from Kansas, but I offer that of the
head and front of Black Republicanism, if not its
embodiment—the editor of the New Y.ork Trib-
une. In his orders, issued early in March la^t}
he tolls his subalterns they " must continue to 3o
what they have been doing ever since the passage <jf
the Kansas-Nebraska act, —"pourfree settlers into
Kansas well armed wiihSharpe s rifles or other
convenient weaponsJ' Who of his .party will
dare commit petit treason, by denying the truth
of his assertion ? The eftiigrani aid society, or
some confederate association, supplied their first
emigrants with Sharpe's rifles; wiiich they were
taught^ by pious parsons, learned professors, and
patriotic statesmen, were more, efficient moral
agents than bibles, among slaveholders. They
were sent prepared, if they failed to triumph tviw
the missive of the ballot-box, to resort to the
missive of the cartridge-box. Physical force was
contemplated, if other means failed to drive slave-
holders from that Territory. Abolition presses
were filled with such advice, and, indeed, the
speeches of the Senators from which I have
I quoted suggest the same thing.
1 If, sir, those emigrants believed wi£h the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] that slaveholders
were the enemies of the northern people—Fan-
dais, who had stolen the rights of the North; or
' with the Senator from New York, (iVtn Seward,!
that slaveholders were a dishonorable and pirfid-
' iota privileged class; or with the Senator from
j Massachusetts, [Mr. ScmnerJ that slaveholder*
| were heartless,grasping, tyrannical robbers, banded
i together for spoliation; or believed, with all those
; Senators, that there was no more freedom for
non-slaveholders than for slaves in the South,
who were alike governed with whips, pistols,
and knives, by slaveholders; sir, if Uiey credited
these honorable and veracious Senators, now could
they—plain, honest, unsophisticated men, who
had never learned to smile arid stab—be so re-
gardless of self-preservation as to go unarmed to
Kansas? And may I. not add', how could they
neglect the pious, patriotic, and self-defensive
Cask of expelling,slaveholders from that Territory?
Sir, I will dwell no longer on this point. Tne
flame of civil war in Kansas was, kindled by1 men
1 who minister profanely in this temple of the
Union, as well as by priests who impiously des-
ecrate the house of God. They are even now1
industriously heaping fuel oh the flame they have
kindled. Repining at their failure to drive south-
ern men from Kansas, they are now charging
upon them and the President oppression of the
people of the Territory. Whom ao they mean by
the people of Kansas ?—the Free-Soil and free-
