1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
Rust, Savage, Scott, Shorter, Spmner, Stewart, Stranahan,
Talbou, Vail, Wakeman, Warner, Wmslow, and John V.
Wright—56.
NAYS —Messrs. Baibour, Ilenry Bennett, Benson,
BlistJ, Biadshaw, Brenton, Brook??, Burlingame,
Lewis D. Campbell. Caskie, Chaffee, Ezia Clark, Claw-
son, Clmgman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comms,
Covode, Davidson, Ilenry Winter Davis, Day, Dean, Dick,
Dorhl, Edmiindr-on, Einrie, English, Flagler, Foster, Gran-
ger, Grow, Augustus: Hall, Robert B. Hall, Holloway,
Thomas 11. Horton. Howaid, Hughston, Kelsey, Kennett,
Knapp, Knight, Knox, Kunkel, Lciter, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Kilhan Miller, Momll, Mott, Norton, Pennington,
Pike, Pui viance. Puryear, Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts, Sabin,
Sandidge, Sewaul, Sherman, Simmons, Stanton, Stephens,
Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Tyson, Wade, Waldron,
Elhhu B. YVashbmne, Israel Washburn, Watkms, Wells,
Williams, Woodruff, Woodwortli, and Daniel B. Wright—
78.
So a call of the House was refused.
Pending the nail of the roll,
Mr. McMULLINstated that he had paired off,
for one week, with Mr. Cragin.
Mr. WALDRON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Walbridge, was confined to his room by
sickness.
The question recurred upon the call for the
previous question, upon which tellers had been
ordered.
Messrs. Flagler and Warner were appointed
tollers.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 65, noes 51; no quorum voting.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon that I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 21, nays 109; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Hendley S. Bennett, Carlile,
Craige, Culien, Henry Winter Davis, Dowdell, Elliott,
Sampson W. Iiariis,ThomasL. Harris, Harrison,Houston,
Geoige W. Jones, Kennett, Letcher, Million, Moidecai
Oliver, Oir, Stephens, and John V. Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Baibour, Henry Bennett, Benson,
Bilhnghur:>t, Bingham, Blms, Bo\ce, BnuWhaw, Branch,
Brenton, Burhngame, Jame* H. Campbell, Lewis D Camp-
bell, Ca>kie, Chaffee, Ezra Claik, Clawson, Clmgman, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Cox, Ciawfoul, Cumbaek,
Davidson, Day, Dean, Derivei, Dodd, Dunn, Edinund-on,
Edwards, Rume, English, Etherulge, Faulkner, Flagler,
Florence, Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Robert B. Hall,
Hickman, Hoffman, Hoiloway,Thomas It. Horton, Howaid,
Hughston. Jevvett, Kelly, Kels-ey, Knapp, Knight, Knox,
Kunkel, Leiter, Lindley, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel S. Martial), Killian Miller, Smith Miilei, Monill,
Molt, Nichoh, Norton, Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Periy,
Phelps, Pike, Porter, Purviance, Puryear,Q.uitman, Ritchie,
Robeits, Rufim, Rust, Sabin, Savage, Scott, Seward,
Sherman, Shorter, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stewart,
Stranahan, Swopc, Thouugton, Thui.-ton, Todd, Tiafton,
Tyson, V;ul, Wade, Wakeman, Waldion. Warner, Elhhu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkms, Williams,
Winslow, Woodruff, and Woodwortli—109.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll, Mr. ROBISON
stated that he had paired off with Mr. Evans.
Mr. CUMBA.CK stated that Mr. Mace was
sick and confined to his room, which would
account for his absence.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I desire to say, that
as the proposed introduction of my amendment
seems to clog the business of the House, i will
withdraw it, so as to let the resolution of the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Quitman] be
passed.
Mr. QUITMAN. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
The question upon the amendment offered by
Mr. Quitman to the resolution was then put; and
the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring upon the adoption of
the resolution as amended,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said: I call for the
yeas and nays. I would like to record my vote
upon all such propositions.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate had passed
following bills and joint resolution; m which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
An act for the relief of John H. Home;
An act for the relief of Anson Dart;
An act authorizing and directing the settlement
of the account of the Bank of the State of Mis-
is laiten
receivpfl
V
souri, for money advanced for the subsistence
and transportation of volunteers;
An act for the relief of Jacob Dodson;
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to change the name of the French-built brig
Vigie, to Minnie;
An act to establish a library for young men in
the District of Columbia; and
A resolution authorizing and directing the Sec-
retary of War to furnish, in certain cases, veri-
fied copies of original papers filed before the
board for the examination of claims contracted
in California under Lieutenant Colonel Fremont.
THE BRIG VIGIE.
Mr. AIKEN. T ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up Senate bill No. 108—one of
those just received from the Senate—to change
the name of a vessel, and put it upon its passage.
It is an act to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to change the name of the French-built
bri°; Vigie to Minnie.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table; and, having reccivj "
its several readings, was passed.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. STEPHENS. I rise to call up a motion
which was offered last Thursday by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. McMullin,] to recon-
sider the vote by which the House authorized the
Committee of Elections to employ a clerk. I
want that vote reconsidered, so as to offer this
proposition as an amendment.
Several Members. Read.
Mr. STEPHENS. It is just that the pay of
the clerk shall be four dollars per day while
employed.
Hie question was put; and the vote was recon-
sidered.
The question recurred on agreeing to the reso-
lution.
Mr. STEPHENS, (after a suggestion from Mr.
H. Marshall.) I have, myself, no objection
whatever to accept as an amendment to that reso-
lution the proposition which the gentleman from
Kentucky desires to submit; but I send up my
own amendment to be reported.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections be author-
ized to employ a clerk, at the compensation of four dollais
per diem during his services.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I offer the following
as an amendment to the amendment:
Resolved, That the Committees of Elections, Foreign Re-
lations, Judiciaiy, Territones, Commerce, I'os^t Office and
Post Roads, and Public Lands, are each authorized to em-
ploy the semccs ofa clerk to s-aid committees, respectively,
at a per diem compensation of lour dollais, so long as the
said committees shall deem the services necessaiy.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make a
question of order, that the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Kentucky is not in order, be-
cause it is not on the same subject as, and not
germane to, the original resolution. The original
resolution is a report from a committee, which
was permitted to be introduced by unanimous
consent; and to attach to it matter which would
of itself be objected to is, I think, clearly out of
order. But I would say this, that as far as I am
individually concerned, I will waive that question
of order, if gentlemen will give us the yeas and
nays and let us vote on the resolution; for I have
no doubt that the House will, sooner or later,
vote a clerk to all these committees. But, for one,
I wish to vote against it, believing, from my own
experience, that there are very few committees
in this House that need a clerk to enable them to
discharge their duties.
Mr. STEPHENS. I desire to say a word in
relation to the question of order raised by the
gentleman from Tennessee. The report from the
Committee of Elections, asking authority to em-
ploy a clerk, could have been, at the time of its
being submitted to the House, amended by any
proposition whatever germane to it; and I do not
conceive that there could be any proposition more
germane to one asking the appointment of a clerk
to one committee, than that asking the appoint-
ment of clerks to other committees. I think that
it is perfectly competent for the House to give
this authority, and that, therefore, the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky is in order. As
| I was going to remark before,! do not understand
i the gentleman from Kentucky as offering to pro-
1 vide for the appointment of a clerk to any com-
mittee except such as have had clerks heretofore,
with the exception of the Committee on Foreign
Relations. I do not know whether that commit-
tee ought to have a clerk or not; but I am clearly
of opinion that such committees as usually have
clerks ought to have one now. I prefer the reso-
lution now offered to that heretofore adopted, be-
cause it fixes the per diem specially at four dol-
lars per day.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Geor-
gia will allow me, I will say this: A committee
may have had a clerk at the last session of Con-
gress, or at one session of Congress, and not need
one at another. Now, the Judiciary Committee,
for instance, have had, during the last session of
Congress, a very extensive examination, growing
out of what was called the Gardiner fraud. That
subject is not before the committee now. The
| Committee on Territories had a press of business
for twenty or thirty days at the last Congress,
which it has not got now. And I want to say to
the gentleman from Kentucky, and to the gentle-
man from Georgia, too, that so far as the Com-
mittee on Territories is concerned, it has not
instructed its chairman to ask for a clerk; and I
suppose the House will hardly give a clerk to
that committee before it asks for one. The Com-
mittee on Territories have had that subject up,
and have not instructed their chairman to ask for
a clerk. The reason is, that they have got no
business for a clerk, if they had one. They have
only got before them two or three petitions and
one bill, and a clerk would be of no service to
them.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. As the gentleman from
Alabama has called my attention to the fact that
there has been no application from the Committee
on Territories for a clerk, and no need for one, I
would say that my proposition is drawn for the
purpose of authorizing those committees who
have had clerks at former sessions again to employ
them at the limited rate of compensation at which
they were heretofore employed, should the com-
mittees desire the services of a clerk; and it reposes,
on that part of the House, confidence in the com-
mittees that if the clerks be not wanted they will
not be employed. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, the gentleman says, had a clerk at the last
Congress, because they were engaged in the
examination of the Gardiner fraud, and therefore
had some occasion for a clerk. That committee
now have among their papers and upon their files a
proposition to impeach a judge of the United States
court, and I should say that, taking into view the
issuing of subpenas, the arraying of witnesses,
and the correspondence which will be necessary
in relation to a subject of that gravity and dignity,
if they do not now want a clerk, no occasion will
arise when they will want one. My object has
been, not only to supply the necessity of the com-
mittee of which I am myself a member, but to avoid
these repeated contests in regard to little questions
about employing draughtsmen or clerks in the
committees of the House when draughtsmen or
clerks are necessary. Why, sir, it was only this
morning that I was informed, by the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, that there is
in his committee room a volume written in the
cramped hand of Mr. John Quincy Adams, where
that old man had been compelled to play clerk to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Why, sir,
it is enough for the members of that committee to
do the thinking required of them, without being
compelled to sit down and copy the proceedings
of the committee, and conduct the correspond-
ence. Here is the venerable chairman of my
committee, [Mr. Simmons;] and I am actually
ashamed to be compelled to sit in my committee
room and see him taking the vote upon the yeas
and nays, and reducing to writing the various
propositions and motions offered in the com-
mittee room. We consume more time in debate,
as to whether we will allow our committees to
have clerks, than the employment of those clerks
Would cost.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to say one word in
reply to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.Mar-
shall,] if the gentleman from Georgia will allow
me. The gentleman from Kentucky closes up
by the remark that we consume more time in the
discussion of the matter than the whole of the
clerks would cost. Mr. Speaker, that is the uni-
versal cry of gentlemen when they want to get in
these little propositions, whether necessary or
