1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2099
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am instructed, by the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office, to
report back the bill (H.R. No. 325) for the relief
of Isaac Adams, with a recommendation that it
pass, and to request immediate action upon it. I
presume there will be no objection to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not like the extension of
patents in this way. That is the difficulty. If
it was anything else I would not object.
Mr. ALLEN. I object to the consideration of
the bill now.
Mr. FESSENDEN subsequently said: I ask
now that the bill which I reported this morning
may be taken up. The Senator from Rhode
Island is willing to withdraw his objection.
Mr. ALLEN. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. SLIDF.LL. I understand the bill is for
the renewal of the patent, and I feel constrained
to make an objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a matter of pressing
importance, and 1 think there will be no opposi-
tion to the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill now.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am acting under instruc-
tions, and feel constrained to object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill can-
not be now considered, objection being made.
Mr. SLIDELL. Yesterday I gave notice of a
resolution to proceed to the consideration, at
half past eleven o'clock to-day, of bills oil the
Private Calendar which have passed the House
of Representatives, and which will not give rise
to debate. I understood the Chair to intimate
that that amounted to a suspension of the rules,
and for that reason was not acted on yesterday.
I hope the Senate will now consent to devote an
hour or two to the consideration of these bills.
I desire to say to the Senator from Maine, in rela-
tion to the bill which he wished to consider, a
few moments since, and to which 1 thought it my
duty to interpose objection, that I shall be obliged
to vote against that bill, as against all other ex-
tensions of patents; but I shall not discuss it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive morning business until the expiration
of the morning hour.
NEW HAMPSHIRE RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. I wish to
present resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of New Hampshire, ill relation to the repeal of
the Missouri compromise, the disturbances in
Kansas, and the recent assault made upon a Sen-
ator on the floor of this House. I ask that they
be read.
The Secretary read the resolutions.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. I move that
the resolutions lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. CLAY. I object to the printing of those
resolutions.
Mr. TOOMBS, and others. Let them go.
Mr. BUTLER. When were those resolutions
passed by the New HampshireLegislatuie? Let
the Secretary look at the date.
The SECRETARY. They were approved by
the Governor July 12, 1856.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask, then, whether it is manly
to bring in those resolutions at this time, when
it is known that we cannot consider and denounce
them?
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. In answer to
the Senator, I will remark, these resolutions were
received on the adjournment of the Legislature
of New Hampshire within some two or three
weeks past—not more than that—and the Senate
all know what the pressure of business has been
during that time. 1 might mention another cir-
cumstance, if it were worth while to mention it;
and that is, the condition of my health has been
such that I could barely attend here, and I have
not felt that I could partake m the business of
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on printing; the resolutions.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MASON. Are they to be printed, as a
matter of course, under the rule?
Mr. WELLER. I think the rule requires it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not re-
quired by the rule. A majority can order the
printing.
Mr. "MASON- I suggest to the Senator from
Alabama, who makes objection, that, be their
character what it may, the resolutions come from
one of the States, and I am not aware of an in-
stance where the Senate has refused to print res-
olutions from a State Legislature. I think we
should be very careful and guardedin the courtesy
we extend to a State, whatever the conduct of the
authorities for the time being of that State may
be.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
remark that resolutions from a State Legislature,
under the rule, do not necessarily go to the Com-
mittee on Printing; but it is in the power of the
Senate to say whether they will or will not print
them.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope they will be printed.
It seems these Free-Soil gentlemen are in a bad
humor in New Hampshire. They want a quar-
rel. "What they say does not hurt anybody. I
think we ought to see their resolutions in print,
and let them scold as much as they please. It
will not hurt anybody, and is not likely to do so.
I hope the objection will be withdrawn.
Mr. CLAY. Notwithstanding the infamous
and insulting character of the resolutions, [Mr.
Toombs. That is their fault.] and though I would
have felt ashamed of myself to present such reso-
lutions, if my State could have degraded itself so
far as to adopt them, I will withdraw the objec-
tion at the instance of my friend.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order to
print will be made.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. I was about
to make a remark in reply to what has been
said  
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
has been dccidcd.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. I have fur-
ther resolutions from the State of New Hamp-
shire; and I ask for their reading.
Mr. WELLER. 1 move to dispense with their
reading. It is an unnecessary consumption of
time.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. They are in
response to certain resolutions of the. State of
Arkansas, which have been communicated to the
State of New Hampshire by the Executive of that
State, and they relate to the same general subject
of the repeal of the Missouri compromise.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator ask for the reading?
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. They are not
long, and T ask that they be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They must
be read.
The Secretary read the resolutions.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. I move that
they lie on the table, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ENLARGEMENT OF THE CAPITOL.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire to present a resolu-
tion of inquiry, which I ask the Senate to act
upon at once:
Resolved, That the memorial and papeis of C. B. Cluskey,
architect anil civil engineer, asking to be compensated lor
the plan projected by llmi, tor tile " enlargement of the
Capitol," and presented on tile ! : l day of December, lbjO,
in pursuance of the Senate's lesolution of the 25tli of Sep-
tember previous, (which plan \va- approved, and its adop-
tion recommended bv the examining architects,1 be taken
from tile tiles ol the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Public ISuihhniis; and that s.utl committee examine and
compare ins de^i-rii for a ca^t-iron dome over the rotunda,
with associate subordinate feature on tile wirigs, as shown
ou said plan, with the plan on winch the dome is proposed
to be eieeted, and lepoit then relative cost and adaptation
to tlio whole structure in its present extended length and
form: ;iKu. bow fat the design of Mr Clu^key is embodied
anil about to be used m the proposed plan ; and what com-
pensation, i! any, should be allowed hint I'oi beiiej til'; fast
to devise and recommend tlie improvement of the dome by
one of cn-4-uoii, of increased arehiteetinai propoinons and
harmom of desimi, a-- described m his repot t ou the public
buildings here m J !■!'): ( -or report No. 90 of the Committee
on Public Buildio«s and Grounds, Thirtieth Colore.
steoiid session.)
I desire the resolution to go to tlie Committee
on Public Buildings at the present session; and
ask them now to act on it or not, as they please.
Mr. CASS. I have not the slightest objection;
but there is an assertion of fact m the resolution
of which I know nothing. It is, that this man
was the first to propose the plan.
Mr. IVERSON. That is to be inquired into
by the committee.
Mr. CASS. It seems to me the resolution
states a fact, and I do not know whether it is true
or not.
Mr. BAYARD. I have not the slightest objec-
tion to the reference of the resolution to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings; but the honorable
Senator who presents it need not expect any
report at this session of Congress. It is utterly
impossible for us to act on it now. It is mingling
with the construction of the Capitol some matter
of private claim as to the original design, as I
understand from the reading of it. I think it
cannot be expected that wo should make that
investigation at this session, but I will do so at
the next session, if I am still a member of the
committee..
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to hear the indicative
portion of that resolution read, and I want to
know whether I commit myself to any assertion
of fact by the recital ?
Mr. CASS. Why not let the memorial bo
simply referred?
Mr. SEWARD. The Senator's objection ia
met by inserting the words "as he alleges"after
" projected by him."
Mr. IVERSON. I have no objection to that
modification.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
ADAMS'S PRINTING PRESS.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 325) for the relief of
Isaac Adams.
Under its provisions, the letters patent granted
to Isaac Adams on the 14th of October, 1330,
for new and useful improvements in the printing
machine called the power printing press, and also
the letters patent granted to him on the 2d of
March, 1836, for additional improvements in the
power printing press, will be renewed and ex-
tended, for a term commencing with the date of
the passage of the act, and ending on the 2d of
March, 1865, for the benefit of Adams, his heirs
and legal representatives.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. SLI DELL. I move that the bill lie on the
table.
Mr. BIGrLER. It is a perfectly meritorious
bill, and called for by all the parties interested.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion is
not debatable.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
On its passage, Mr. SLIDELL called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. Do I understand that this bill
proposes to extend the patent fourteen years
longer?
Several Senators. Seven years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As this is a bill for the
renewal of a patent, I will in a very few words
explain it to the satisfaction of the Senate. The
bill proposes to renew a patent which was granted
to Mr. Adams as the inventor of the power print-
ing-press, which is used for the printing of fine
work—books. Mr. Adams has been in the en-
joyment of a patent for the ordinary term, and
has not realized a sufficient remuneration. Mr.
Adams makes all his machines himself. He is a
machinist; he has never charged anything for
his patent. He merely charges the ordinary
remuneration for his work as a machinist, and
is the only man in the countiw who makes the
machine at the present time. He has never sold
the right to make it, because others cannot do it
as well as himself. I hold in my hand a list of
those persons who have recommended that the
patent be renewed to him. This list is made up
of all the leading, principal publishers of books
who buy the presses of him, and the publishers
of newspapers who use his presses in the prin-
cipal cities of the United States, North and South.
Ithas the names of Gales & Seaton-, Mr. Hoe,of
New York, the inventor of the cylinder press;
the Harpers, and all the principal publishers of
New York, Boston, Cincinnati, Washington,
Baltimore, and several other cities. They say it
is for the great advantage of the trade itself that
the construction of the machine shall be con-
tinued in the hands of Mr. Adams. He is an
admirable machinist. He charges nothing for
the patent, and makes such machines as nobody
else can make without his experience. He merely
charges a reasonable profit on the work he does.
