'490
W^ENDfX TO THE eOTVOftESSlDNAL GLOBE.
[April 28,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
State men, who have endeavored to extemporize
an independent and equal member of the Union. ,
And what is their number ? Seven hundred and
nineteen men, by their own counting! So said ,
their own'organ—the Herald of Freedom—pub- j
lished in Kansas, in stating the vote for the Free j
constitution. This fact was presented by the
Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] nearly two
months ago; and it has never been disproved, or,
i believe, contradicted, brought in question, or
alluded to, by the opposition The Red or Black
Republican party in Kansas is composed of a
small minority of the people, by their own con-
fession—of scarcely more than one tenth of the
legal voters of the Territory ! To give this mi- J
rity the control of that Territory, is the imme- !
diate object of all the clamor, the weeping, and '
wailing, and gnashing of teeth, which we have >
heard. To obtain for that party the control of
this Government in order to satisfy _ the avarice
and ambition of its leaders, is the ulterior purpose.
The offense of the President and the Democracy
is, that they will not yield to the arrogant de-
mands of that minority and their leaders upon
this floor.
[Here Mr. Clay was obliged, by hoarseness
of voice and physical exhaustion, to suspend his
remarks. He said he had something more to say
in reply®o the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] which,if his health permitted, he would
deliver hereafter. He asked to print some con-
cluding reflections, which he had not now the
voice to utter.]
Yes, sir, it is the avarice and ambition of the
few that has aroused and is stimulating the spirit
of abolition and of sectional domination to seize
upon Kansas and wrest it from southern settlers
by fraud or by force.
Fanaticism and sectionalism serve as waves in
the sea of popular passion, which selfish aspirants
are lashing into fury, that they may ride upon
their crests into office. It is not the elevation of
the negro to perfect equality with the white man
they seek, but the elevation of themselves to the
high places of the Government. It is not for the i
defense of the North against the aggressions and j
usurpations of the South that they labor, but far
the destruction of the South, which stands as a ! j
lion in the pathway of their preferment to the
Presidency,theCabinet,and ourforeignMinistry. !
It is not to secure Kansas for free labor that they ,
struggle, but to secure it as a stepping-stone for j
their own self-aggrandizement. Through all the
habiliments of language, with which they cloak j
theirdesigns,se(f is as apparent as was the person |
of the Greek courtesan beneath the gauzy veil
with which she was invested. To satiate their
lust to shine and rule, they will imperil not only
present peace and prosperity, but blast the bright
hopes of the future greatness and glory of our
common country. Determined to rule or ruin,
they strive to consolidate the North to struggle
for sectional dominion over the South, not only
under the forms of peace, but to enter the listed
field, and, by civil war, to enforce its mandates
at the point of the sword.
But, sir, I hope that the smooth and insidious
pretenses by which they are striving to enkindle
a war of opposing sectional interests, more dread- j
ful than foreign invasion, will be exposed and 1
seen by the northern people in time to forestall
their efforts, disappoint their selfish hopes, and
defeat their traitorous designs. j
There is, I trust and believe, in the Democratic
party and the few remaining national Whigs of
the North, an enlarged patriotism which no ap-
parent sectional interest can corrupt, and a love
ef justice which no selfish sophistry can seduce.
They know that the assertion that the men of
the North and the men of the South are enemies,
is a libel upon both, and an attempted fraud upon
both, in order to serve the selfish ambition of
pretended friends of one and undisguised foes of
the other section of the Union. They know that
in war southern blood has been freely shed in
defense of northern soil, northern shipping, and
northern seamen; anil that southern men never
paused to count their costs or calculate their gains
when the interest or the honor of any portion of
the Union was assailed by foreign foes. They
know that in peace the South has lavished her
golden treasures upon every industrial interest
| of the North, while neither claiming nor asking
. Federal bounties for any industrial interest of her
i own. They know that the South has yielded her
j own territory, as well as the common territory
! won mainly by her diplomacy or valor, to the
i North, with an unselfishness and generosity for
which no parallel can be found in the history of
any "other confederate States. They know that the
South has never claimed or enjoyed more than
her share of the trusts and honors of the Federal
Government; and that, if her sons have oftener
filled the presidency, it was by the will of north-
ern no less than southern freemen. They know
that the South asks nothing that the North cannot
grant and ought not to grant. They know that
the South is, and will ever be, in a minority in
both Houses of Congress, and is powerless for
aggression on the North in peace and under
the forms of law. They know that, if Kansas
should become a slave State, the balance of power
will be, and forever continue, with the North.
They know that northern interests and northern
rights are neither menaced nor endangered by the
South. And, above all, I trust they not only
know, but feel, that the freemen of the South are
fellow-countrymen, friends, and equals, with
whom they arte affiliated, not only by compacts
under the same Federal Government, but by re-
ciprocal interests and congenial principles; and
not only by those but by mystic chords of sym-
pathy—as strong, though not so sacred,as solemn
pledges of faith—growing out of kindred blood, a
common language, historic recollections of united
trials and united triumphs in the past, and a
cherished Jove of their undivided heritage of glory
in the present.
But, sir, if, contrary to my hopes and expect-
ations, Black Republicanism shall achieve the
triumph at the North it so vauntingly predicts;
if its leaders shall succeed there in identifying
patriotism with sectionalism, liberty with licen-
tiousness, loyalty to the Constitution with dis-
loyalty to the rights of man, justice to the South
with injustice to the North, southern men with
enemies, and their northern friends with traitors;
if its leaders shall raise a storm of infuriate
fanaticism and vindictive sectional malice, which,
sweeping over the North, shall overwhelm and
prostrate the few heroic champions of the Con-
stitution, of the equality of tne States and the
equality of their citizens,who now stand sentinels
over the sacred trust of popular and State rights;
if its leaders, fresh from fields of sectional victory,
shall possess themselves of the executive and legis-
lative branches of this Government—1 know not
what the South will do, but i think I know what
she ought to do, in resenting insult offered and
resisting injuries meditated, in vindicating her
honor and preventing her humiliation. I trust,
sir, despite the insolent and insulting taunts of
poverty, weakness,and dependence on the Union,
hurled at her by her enemies even on this floor,
that she will not take counsel of her fears but of
her hopes, rather—hopes inspired by proud recol-
lections of past heroic achievements, by exulting
consciousness of her present power, by glowing
visions of her future greatness, and by that indig-
nant fervor of soul which her wounded honor and
imperiled independence must enkindle. I trust,
sir, that, whenever Black Republicanism shall
take possession of this Government, and weigh
in its balances, and against its avarice and ambi-
tion, the honor and tne rights of the South, she
will not stoop to impetrate justice or pause to ex-
postulate, but will boldly throw her sword into
the scale and assert her natural privilege of self-
defense.
naval retiring board.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN BELL,
of tennessee,
In the Senate, Jipril 28-29,1856.
The Senate having resumed the consideration of the res-
olutions submitted by Mr. Iverson, on the 39th of February,
for the appointment of a special committee to investigate
the action of the late Naval Board—
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, said: I do not pro-
pose, on this occasion, to enter into the general
question as to the legality and propriety of the
proceedings of the naval board. My object in
asking the honorable Senator from North Caro-
lina to give me precedence in making any remarks
which I thought proper to submit at this time,
was, that I might speak in reference to an isolated
point — the case of Lieutenant Maury, which
appeared to me to have obtained a prominence,
especially by the course of my friend, the honor-
able Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,]
which required some particular attention from me.
The consideration of the more general questions
connected with this subject I desire to defer until
the bill reported by the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs shall come up, when I propose, with the
assent of the Senate, to express my views on these
questions.
I have to regret that I do not see the honorable
Senator from Delaware in his place; for although
I propose to make no remarks which could at all
be considered personal in relation to the course
pursued by that honorable Senator, it would be
greatly more satisfactory to me if he were present,
that he might hear everything I have to say, and
might interpose his corrections or objections ^jf
he found occasion to do so.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I heard from him on
Friday last, that on Saturday he would go to
Philadelphia to place himself under the care of a
physician there.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It would be much
more agreeable to me if 1 could defer my remarks
in relation to the argument submitted by that
honorable Senator until he coMkl be present. I
will ask my friend from Kentu^Rr if he expressed
an expectation that he could be here in any short
time?  
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Not at all; he does not
know when he will be able to be here.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That fact only
imposes on me the greater necessity to be cautious
in anything that I shall say, and to forbear any
sentiment or expression which can be considered
offensive to that honorable Senator.
Mr. President, when the proceedings of the
naval board were announced to the public, noth-
ing that was done by the board created greater
surprise than that Lieutenant Maury haa been
dropped from the active-service list, and put out
of the line of promotion. General astonishment
was felt that the board should have considered
it their duty, under the law, thus to deal with an
officer who had been so generally — not to say
universally — regarded as one of the ornaments
of the naval profession. Such an announcement
was well calculated to excite general attention,
and inquiry into the causes which had led to the
removal from the active list of an officer of the
Navy who stood so high, not only with his own
countrymen, but with the enlightened of every
country. Except the case of Commodore Stewart,
Lieutenant Maury's retirement by the decree of
that board attracted greater interest than that of
any other officer of the Navy. The honorable
Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mallo&y,] I perceive,
assents to the truth of this statement.
The prominence thus awarded by the public to
Lieutenant Maury placed him in a very peculiar
and, I may say, in a somewhat hazardous posi-
tion;, for all those who felt, that the public inter-
est required that the action of the Board should
be sustained, saw at once that the finding of the
board consigning Lieutenant Maury to the ab-
sence-leave list, and excluding him from any
higher rank in the Navy, required explanation,
required defense, required justification. Hence
you will see, Mr. President, that every defender
of the proceedings of the naval board, and all
those who desired to sustain its action, were deep-
ly concerned in showing to the public that the
finding of the board in Lieutenant Maury's case
was correct, well founded, and vindicated by the
true circumstances of his case.
I am sorry, sir, on some accounts, that Lieuten-
ant Maury has been placed in that particular atti-
tude and category in relation to the proceedings
of the board and their defenders; for, though he
can be successfully and triumphantly vindicated
against every imputation which has been, or may
be, cast upon his personal or professional honor,
or his official competency, his position has ex-
posed him to powerful animosities and resent-
ments, and called forth a course of remark and
