2100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 14,
Ti?e publishers—those who use the machines
themselves—are exceedingly anxious this patent
should be renewed for the benefit of the country.
Under these circumstances, I think no gentleman
can object to the renewal of the patent. The
committee were unanimous upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Here is another
case of renewals. I desire to know whether it is
intended that Congress shall become a mere board
of examiners to determine whether patents shall
be renewed or not? "Why does not Mr. Adams
go where the law directs him ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. He has been there.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And been rejected?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; his patent has been
renewed there. He has had one term under the
law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then you want
an additional term?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; and I stated the
reason. Although he has had it for twenty-one
years, he has not been remunerated, because he
has been acting merely as a machinist, making
his machines, and charging only a reasonable
profit for his labor. He comes here sustained by
the whole class of men in the United States who
use his machines; and they say that it is for their
interest as purchasers and printers that the con-
struction should be continued in the hands of Mr.
Adams himself. The good of the country re-
quires it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand it
perfectly, I think. This gentleman has had his
patent, and the exclusive right to manufacture
these printing-presses for twenty-one years, and
he comes here and asks now that we shall give
him seven additional years; and the argument is
simply, that he has never made anything out of
the patent. Why ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not so. He has not
been sufficiently remunerated. He has done the
work, and only received the ordinary profit of a
machinist.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. T hope the Sen-
ator will let me state the case, and then he can
reply to me if he chooses. I understood the Sen-
ator to say that he had not been sufficiently re-
munerated—that he was the only manufacturer of
these presses—that he had never sold to anybody
else the right to manufacture them. Then he has
a monopoly, and has had it for twenty-one years;
he will not allow you or me or anybody else to
manufacture thesu presses. lie holds the power
in his own hands, and has held it there for twen-
ty-one years, and comes here and asks an addi-
tional seven years. Why did he not sell ins
patent? Evidently because he thought it more
profitable to himself to retain the exclusive con-
trol of it, and to deny the right to any other mail
to manufacture a press of this kind. Ho keeps it
to himself, thinking that the safest and bu&t; and
having had it twenty-one years he asks us to
extend it seven years more. You had better give
a life estate to him and his children at once. As
for the recommendation of publishers, however
high and valuable they may be, it may be to
their interest, because they may have the ma-
chines, and may be satisfied with them; and he
guys, {i I will not charge you anything for the
patent if you will not allow any other man in the
United Slates to manufacture the presses." It is,
in my judgment, the most absolute monopoly I
ever heard of before. I suggest to the Senate
now that it would be better to decide this question
at once, whether we are. to become the mere de-
terminers of the question of the extension of
patents, or are to leave it where the law has left
it? He has had his monopoly for twenty-one
years, and I see no reason why he should want
more.
Mr. BROWN. I am not going to discuss the
question, but simply to indorse the statement of
my colleague on the committee, the Senator from
Maine. I am as much opposed ordinarily to
extending patents by law as the Senator from
Tennessee; but this is one of those extraordinary
cases where even the parties having adverse in-
terests come forward and ask for the extension.
If there were any protests from publishers any-
where against the extension of this patent, I
would yield to their opposition; but when the
parties having adverse interests, if there be any
such interests, come forward anil ask for the ex-
tension, T donotseewhy it should not be granted.
There can be no harmful monopoly in this. Why
do they ask it? Because they get these machines
more perfect and at less price from the inventor
han they possibly can from anybody else, there-
fore they want him to be in a position where he
can keep up his manufactory, and supply them
with the machines they want upon better terms,
quicker, and cheaper than anybody else. For
these reasons I shall vote for the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bell of New Hampshire,
Bigler, Bright, Brown, Cass, Clayton, Collamer, Dodge,
Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Houston,
James, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Pratt, Seward, Stuart,
Thomson "of New Jersey, Wade, Weller, Wilson, Wright,
and Yulee—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Clay, Crit-
tenden, Douglas, Evans, Geyer, Hunter, Iveison, Jones of
Tennessee, Mallory,Pugh, Reid, Shdell, and Toombs—16.
So the bill was passed.
LAND DISTRICTS IN CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the bill (S. No.
445) to create an additional land district in the
State of California was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. WELLER. There has been a substitute
for the bill prepared by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, which I present. It is to
strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That so much of the public lands in the State of Califor-
nia as lie north of the fitth standard parallel north of Monte
Diablo mountain, and north of the nearest township line
thereof, extended to the sea-coast in the surveys made fiom
the Humboldt meridian, to be hereafter determined by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, be, and the same
is hereby, constituted a separate land district, to be called
the IIuml>oklt district, the land office for which shall be
established at Uniontown, m said State.
Seo. 2. That so much of the public lands in said State as
lie between the third and eighth standard lines south of the
Monte Diablo base line, and east of the coast range of
mountains, shall foun an additional district, to be called the
Lake Tulare district, the west boundary of which shall
hcieafter be established on the township lines nearest the
summit of the coast range, pursuant to mstiuctions fiom
the Commissioner of the General /-.and Office; and the land
office for such dismct shall be first established at the town
of Visalia, in Tulare county ; both of which above-named
offices shall be subject to removal by the President, from
time to tune, whenever, m his opinion, it may be deemed
expedient.
Sec. 3. That the President be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, or during the recess thereof, and until the end of its
next session after such appointment, a register and leceiver
for cither or both of these distnets, which such officers shall
be required to reside at the sites of said offices, whose com-
pensation shall be the same as that allowed other land offi-
cer^ in California, and who shall be subject to the same acts
and penalties as aie, or may be, prescribed by law as to
oilier land officers of the United States.
tfrx. 1. That any locations or sale's of land in either of
the districts of land now subject to sale at Marysville, Be-
nicia, oi Los Amrelos, alter the passage of this act, and
betoie the receipt by the land officers thereat of instructions
from the Conmn&Monor of the General Land Office under
tins aet, t-hall bo as good arid valid in law as if this act had
nor been pa^ed.
Skc. r>. That to meet the expenses of carrying this act
into ollVct, tl.e following sums, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, be, and the same are heieby, appropriated:
For >alanes ot the icgi^ter and leceivcr herein authorized
to be appointed, ^l^.oOO ; for tiaot and other hooks, rent of
office, (not to exceed per month each,) office furniture,
iron safe, and other proper and necessary incidental ex-
penses authorized by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, $8,000.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole was
concurred in. The bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
i and passed. On motion of Mr. Weller, the title
11 was amended so as to read kt A bill to create two
|! additional land districts in California."
DES MOINES RAPIDS VETO.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I now move to take
up the Des Moines rapids improvement bill, ve-
toed by the President of the United States.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator from Iowa
will consent to the consideration of the resolu-
tion which I offered this morning to devote an
hour or an hour and a half to the consideration
of private bills of the House. I shall have no
objection after that.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. We can do that after
this bill shall be disposed of. I think there will
be nothing to do but take the vote in this case.
There is to be no debate about it. An appropri-
ation has been made to open the mouth of the
Mississippi river, and I want to have these rapids
in the same river cleared out, in order that sve
may get our produce through from above.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senator, will agree
to take up this vetoed bill, I gave notice yester-
day and the day before that I should insist on its
consideration.
Mr. HXJNTER. If the Senators will agree to
give way at one o'clock, I have no objection. It
is indispensable to have an appropriation bill
under consideration at one o'clock—the miscella-
neous or civil bill.
Mr. SEWARD. There will he no debate on
the part of the friends of the bill.
Mr. HXJNTER. If there is an understanding
to lay it'down at one o'clock, I shall not object
to taking it up.
Mr. SEWARD. The friends of the bill will
be able to get through with it at or before one
o'clock, so far as they are concerned.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot vote for taking it
up.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 21, noes 13.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, whether the bill for the improvement of the
Des Moines rapids, in the Mississippi river, shall
pass, the President's objections tb the contrary
notwithstanding.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
as required by the Constitution, resulted—yeaa
32, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Benjamin,Bigler,Cass, Clayton, Collamer,Chit-
tenden, Dodge, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden, Fish, Foot,
Foster, Geyer, Hale, liailan, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones
of Tennessee, Pratt, Pugh, Seward, Stuart, Thomson of
New Jersey, Trumbull, Wade, Weller, Wilson, and
Wnght—32.
NAYP—Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Bright, Brodhead, Brown,
Butler, Clay. Evans, Fitzpatnck, Houston, Hunter, Iveison,
Malloiy, Mason, Iteid, Toombs, and Yulee—37.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two thirds
of the Senate not having voted for the passage
of the bill, the President's objection to the con-
trary notwithstanding, it does not pass.
PUBLISHING DEBATES. .
Mr. BROWN. I introduced a resolution a few
mornings ago, which lays over, there being objec-
tion to it, to compensate the editors of the Intel-
ligencer, Union, and Sentinel, for publishing the
debates of the Senate. I now ask that it be
taken up, and considered.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it in order to move the
reference of that resolution to the Committee on
Printing?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion will be on taking it up.
The motion was not agreed to, there being, on
a division—ayes 16, noes 22.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ADAMS. I renew the motion of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, to postpone all prior orders,
with a view of taking up the House private bills
which lead to no debate. It is important that they
be disposed of now.
Mr. HUNTER. I am bound to oppose the
motion. If the Senate will take up and dispose
of the civil or miscellaneous appropriation bill
to-day, I shall not object to taking two hours for
private bills to-morrow; but it is important that
this should be acted on at once. I hope the Sen-
ate will not put aside the appropriation bills for
pnvate bills. I hope the motion will be with-
drawn, so as to allow us to go on with the mis-
cellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. ADAMS. I am not disposed to interfere
with the regular order of business. The hour
has not yet arrived for the special order.
Mr. SEIDELL. By two o'clock we can get
through almost all the House private bills. I
hope the Senator from Mississippi will insist on
his motion.
Mr. ADAMS. I insist on the motion with the
understanding, that at one o'clock the Senator
from Virginia will call up his bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to let the pri-
vate bills go on till one o'clock.
Mr. SLIDELL. Say two'o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. I must object to that.
Mr. BRODHEAD. To-morrow is private bill
day, and we can then insist on them.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 will not be in the way to-
morrow, if the Senate will allow me to finish the
civil appropriation bill to-day. I submit a motion
to take up the bill II. R. No. 201.
Mr. SLIDELL. Do I understand the chair-
