lose.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESS!©^ Jffi/ GLOBE.
49t
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. m
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Betl.
SENATE.
attack from gentlemen of high standing that but
few men in uie country can regard with uncon-
cern. Lieutenant Maury stands in such a position
in relation to the proceedings of the naval,board,
that, if the decision in regard to him cannot be
successfully vindicated, they, or the members of
the board, are in danger of suffering some dimin-
ution of the public confidence reposed in thenj||
and cannot expect to be fully supported by public
sentiment, or a vote of Congress. The attitude
of Lieutenant Maury is a perilous one for any
Sublic officer to be placed in. When I presented
is memorial to the Senate, Mr. President, I was
aware of its character; I regarded it as the em-
anation of a mind deeply mortified, and indignant
that he should havejgceived at the hands of the
naval board the sentence of incompetency, placed i
on the leave-of-absence list, and denied the priv-
ilege of future promotion. He had the feelings
that were natural to every man of sensibility and
honor. He had not expected such a sentence any
more than the public generally. It was impos-
sible to restrain, or suppress altogether the indig-
nant, and, if you please, the Somewhat resentful
expression of feeling natural to every man in his
position. Who can conceive that such a man
could have had any other feelings than such as
I have described ? Who can suppose that any
friend, or any counsel, any cautious adviser,
could have subdued the indignant tone of senti-
ment which he expressed on the occasion.
If I shall appear, in the opinion of Senators,
at any time to be over zealous in the interest I
manifest in behalf of Lieutenant Maury, I beg'
them to remember that when he was appointed j
midshipman in the Navy he hailed from TenneS-1 |
see. I knew his family; they were of Huguenot I
descent. Their principles drove them from |
France and brought them to this country Sev- j
end branches of the family in Tennessee had been
my early friends, and it was impossible that I j
should not take a lively interest in his fortunes. |
When I presented the memorial of Lieutenant j
Maury in the Senate, I found that my honorable !
friend from Florida [Mr. Mallory] was well
prepared for its reception. I announced my sent-
iments frankly and freely on that occasion. I
stated my opinion on the course of the board in
relation to Lieutenant Maury — that they had
made a mistake and done him great injustice.
My honorable friend was prompt to reply. As
soon as I had concluded, he rose in his place, and
declared his conviction that, if the board had
erred in any case whatever, there was no error in
the case of Lieutenant Maury. This showed
that my honorable friend was well skilled in the
art of fence. My honorable friend remembers it
well. He went on to fortify his position and as-
sertion by statements and references to facts and
documents which showed preparation, and that
he was not destitute of plausible grounds in taking
the position which he assumed.
But my honorable friend forbore to go into
offensive particulars or details. He stated gen-
erally that, although he did not intend to say on
what grounds the board had acted in retiring
Lieutenant Maury, he could perceive that it had
ample grounds to justify its course. , One, and
the principal one, was the alleged physical dis-
ability of Lieutenant Maury. He further main-
tained that he had shunned sea service. He said
that the sea was a jealous mistress, and required
that those who expected to gather trophies in her
service should be assiduous and devotional in
their attentions.
* I shall not misrepresent the honorable Senator
in a single particular. He was liberal and gen-
erous to a certain extent; but yet I think (although
I will not attribute to him any design to be so)
he was not quite fair in the presentation of the
ease of Lieutenant Maury. Other Senators rose
in confirmation of the sentiment of the honora-
ble Senator from Florida. My honorable friend
from Florida forbore to use those instruments of
dissection which are most revolting to the feel-
ings, in chirurgical operations. It remained for my
honorable friend from Delaware to announce, as
he did by implication in his late speech, that my
friend from Florida had been quite too merciful,
too tender, too delicate; he was a young chirur-
geon. He warned Lieutenant Maury and his
friends, that he had not yet been subjected to the
severest operation which his case required. Al-
though he concurred with the honorable Senator
from Florida in ail that he had said in relation to
Lieutenant Maury, yet he had left his work un-
finished. The honorable Senator did not say this
in terms;but such, I think, is the fair interpretation
of his remarks. His purpose was to show that
Lieutenant Maury had no claim on the public
sympathy; that he had no just ground of com-
plaint against the proceedings of the naval board,
or of appeal to the justice of his country, to be
restored to his original rank in the Navy. His
friend from Florida had been too lenient to Lieu-
tenant Maury. He proposed to bind him down
upon the dissecting board, and to exhibit his case
in such a light as to demonstrate that he had no
pretense for complaint against the decree which
had been pronounced against him. It is because I
feel bound to make these declarations that 1 regret
exceedingly the absence of my friend from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Clayton.] I say this in all sincerity,
without any feelings against him personally.
Mr. President, it is obvious to me that it has
been supposed by those who propose to vindicate
the course of the naval board, and its findings
throughout, that it was necessary for them not
only to show that the board was justified in its
course towards Lieutenant Maury, but that his
was a case which admitted of no question. What
were the grounds, Mr. President, assumed by
the Senator from Delaware to justify the finding
of the board in the case of Lieutenant Maury ?
First, physical disability. Now let us review
very briefly the evidence adduced to support that
position.
The honorable Senator from Florida had al-
luded to the trial in Ohio in the suit instituted by
Lieutenant Maury against the stage-coach pro-
prietorsjto recover damages for the severe injury
he had received by the mismanagement of their
agents; but the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware went into a minute detail of the circum-
stances of that trial; and he showed, so far as the
charge of the judge in recapitulating the evidence
in the cause could show it, that Lieutenant Maury
; fcceived such injuries that he was thereby perma-
nently disabled, and could never hope to recover
so far as to be able to perform his duties efficiently
at sea. He read the charge of the judge, setting
forth the dislocation of the knee, tne rupture of
the ligaments of the patella, the splitting of the
knee-pan, and the fracture of the thigh-bone—all
for the purpose of shpwing that here was a case
where it was unreasonable to suppose that Lieu-
tenant Maury could ever be restored to a condi-
tion which would fit him for sea service.
The honorable Senator, after referring to the
opinion of the surgeon and physician, expressed
on the trial, that tne injuries Lieutenant Maury
had received would produce a permanent disabil-
ity, proceeded to say, that these injuries were
received sixteen years ago; and that, acco^ing to
the theory and observations of physiologists, a
disability or infirmity incurred from such causes
must necessarily increase with age; and hence
he would have us infer that, at the time of the
finding of the board, Lieutenant Maury's disa-
bility, or physical infirmities, must have been
increased instead of diminished, and that the
naval board had no alternative but to place him
on the leave-of-absence list.
Such was the first ground assumed by the Sena-
tor from Delaware, and such the facts and infer-
ences by which he attempted to sustain it, in
order to justify the finding of the board.
Now, sir, let us look a little more closely into
the true state of the facts and circumstances con-
nected with the alleged disability of Lieutenant
Maury. The physicians and surgeons, in 1840,
did certify, ana not only certified, but confirmed
their statements by the solemnity of an oath, that,
in their opinion, Lieutenant Maury was perma-
nently disabled by the injuries he had received.
That was sixteen years ago. What are the facts
which have been developed since that time, in
the physical condition of Lieutenant Maury ? We
find that although, for seventy days after he had
received the injuries in question, he was not in
a condition to be removed from one place to an-
other, and his physicians firmly believed that he
would never so far recover as to be able to walk
without the aid of two crutchcr, and so advised
him; yet, in 1841, we find that he thought him-
self competent to perform the lighter duties of a
lieutenant at sea. In a few years afterwards
he had so far recovered that he could walk, with
the use of a cane, without any crutch—and for
several years, of late, a cane is not indispens-
able to him. At the commencement of the war
with Mexico, he felt himself to be wholly com-
petent to perform the duties of his office at sea,
and applied for sea service accordingly. The
finding of the board was in 1855; and the question
was as to Lieutenant Maury's physical disabil-
ity at that time—not in 1840.
The honorable Senator from Delaware seems
to have proceeded on the ground that, inasmuch
as the physicians and surgeons in 1840 expressed
the opinion that Lieutenant Maury was per-
manently disabled, and could never get off his
crutches, be is estopped now from denying that
he is disabled. Sir, the question is not whether
Lieutenant Maury was disabled in 1840, 1841,
1842, 1843, or even in 1844; but whether he wis
laboring under such disability in 1855 as dis-
qualified him for the efficient performance of his
duties.
The naval board is required by law to make
a "careful examination" into the qualifications Of
officers for efficient service in 1855—not at any
anterior period.
I think that even those gentlemen who have
sought to justify the board in its finding in this
case, on the ground of physical disability, will,
when they come to analyze and criticise all the
arguments and facts which have been adduced,
perceive that they have failed to establish their
position. [Adjourned on motion of Air. Mal-
lory.]
Tuesday, April 29, 1856.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
regret exceedingly to have to trespass further on
the attention of -the Senate, but I feel it my duty
to make some- further remarks in reply to the
honorable Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clay-
ton,] and also to some of those of the honorable
Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mallory.J
Although it might seem that the discussions
which have been had on this subject, and the re*
marks of the honorable Senators, could not, under
ordinary circumstances, affect the character of
Lieutenant Maury, yet so persistent and so erro-
neous have been their asseverations and statements^
in relation to his case, that I believe it is> important
that a full statement of the facts connected with
the charge against him should be made.
1 do not propose to recapitulate what I said
yesterday except so far as to notice the first
ground assumed by the honorable Senators from
Florida and Delaware, as a justification of the
board in retiring Lieutenant Maury—his alleged
incapacity to perform efficient sea service. We
know, Mr. President, from the correspondence
which has taken place between Lieutenant Maury
and the members of the board, that one of their
number based his course in relation to Lieutenant
Maury upon the evidence adducad, and the find-
ing of the jury, in the cause instituted by him in
the Ohio circuit court. How far it may have
influenced the other members of the board we
have no knowledge. In fact, the object of the
investigation which Lieutenant Maury seeks by
his memorial is that the true ground upon which
he was removed from the active list and put out
of the line of promotion may be made known.
As to the temporary disability of Lieutenant
Maury, nobody has ever deniea it. He never,
denied it himself. All the facts stated by the Sen-
ator from Delaware, and upon whieh he rested,
the case, so far as the physical disability of Lieu-
tenant Maury was relied upon, were confined tor
the period during which Lieutenant Maury and:
all his friends'admit his disability, either partial'
or absolute. That period may be said to have1
extended fVom 1839 to 1844. The question is not,
what was the condition of Lieutenant Maury m
those years, but what was his condition in 1855,
when ne was retired ? The question was, whether,
in 1855, Lieutenant Maury was capable or inca-
pable of performingefficiently his duties at sea,
as well as ashore? The question was not, what
were the opinions of physicians and surgeons as.
