1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
consent of the Senator from Florida, and of
course it will be for the majonty of the Senate to
decide it. The objection of a single member is
not sufficient.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Very well.
Mr. WELLER. My motion is to postpone
the farther consideration of the naval bill until
half past twelve o'clock to-morrow
The motion was agreed to.
CENTRAL AMERICAN AFFAIRS.
The PK.ESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting reports of the Secretary of
State, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Attorney
General, in reply to a resolution of the Senate of
the 24th of March, and a resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 8tli of May, having
reference to the routes of transit between the
Atlantic and Pacific oceans, through the Repub-
lics of Nicaragua and New Granada, and to the
condition of affairs m Central America.
The message was read. [It will be found in
the House proceedings,]
Air. MASON, lpicsume that the proper dis-
position of the message and documents before
us w<^ld be to refer them to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and have them printed. I
make that motion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senate is thin
now, and this is a very important subject, requir-
ing some remark and consideration before it goes
beyond the hands of this body. I desire, there-
fore, that the question on the reference shall be
postponed until wo have a fuller Senate.
I think that I hu\e rarely ever listened in this
body to a message from a President of the United
States which I considered more fraughtwith con-
sequences, and I am sorry to say, evil consc-
quences, than the message which has just been
read. The country ought certainly to know the
opinion of this body upon the questions presented
by that message. If it quietly cscapes from the
hands of the Senate into the bosom of a committee
in one week's time this country will be agitated
from one end of it to the other,'with the expecta-
tion of war, and every filhbuster in the land will
be triumphant. I will not thus prematurely (for
I would speak with the greatest caution and the
greatest deliberation on this subject) undertake
to say what we ought to do, but something omrht
to be done, and that quickly, and that of adeeided
and emphatic character, if we are to have a war
—and it seems to me that all the bodings of this
message are for war—I wish it to comc and to be
accepted by us, or denounced by us, m an open,
manly manner, as war should be made by a great
nation. 1 do not desire, by any species of indirec-
tion or any paltry policy, to go on, step by step,
blindly, until we fall into the pit of war. I do
not admire that course of proceeding; but it seems
to me that tins message marks out exactly that
sort of pathway.
How long has this Government ofNicaragua,as
it is called, (which is now recognized by you. so
far as the Executive can recognize it,) had a name
and an existence? I think it is since we were
convened here in December. I cannot count up
exactly the months of Us existence, but the shoes
arc not worn out on the feet of those who wrought
this levolution; and already we are satisfied of
the permanency of ibis Government, and satisfied
es to its capacity to discharge the duties of a
nation in tin* great family of nations! Sir. it is
a hasty conviction, and a very hosty conclusion,
m a matter of so much consequence and impoit-
anee. It is a revolution effected, too, as the
message itself admits, by the cooperation of our
own countrymen, going, contrary to the laws of
their country, to the aid and assistance of this
ah eddy "permanent*' Government, which has
never known an hour of peace and security from
the time of its existence until this moment, and
which is now engaged in war.
Is this the national prudence and national policy
which ha\e our course heretofore ? What
said General Jackson upon an occasion some- ;j
what, and only somewhat, like tins? In regard ,,
to Texas, lou«r after she had given to the world !
asMtrann.' of her ability to jrovurn herself, and |!
h- r capacity to maintain herself against Mexico, J
and had, by victoiies, established her title to :i
respect anmng the communities of the earth— l!
\vJ..vt said General Jackson, in a message to Con- d
1227
gross on that subject? I am sorry that I have
not that message here, but gentlemen will recol-
lect it. It is worthy lo be read by them. It
embraces every principle and every policy treated
of in this message, and gives them a thorough,
and profound, and patriotic refutation; and it
marks out as clearly and distinctly as daylight
the course which we ought to pursue in reference
to such cases.
This message is totally contrary to the policy
announced by General Jackson and approved by
the whole nation. It is against the American
sentiment, principle, and policy which have gov-
erned us from the beginning. We sometimes mix
ourselves up in the affairs of other nations (vary-
ing according to circumstances) as dangerously
by recognizing, and thus far espousing,the quar-
rels of communities rising snddenlyinto exist-
ence, as we do by engaging with them in alliances
offensive and defensive. This is an entangling
alliance.
General Jackson thought, futhermore. as any
gentleman will find who will read that admirable
message of his, that the accepting of a new com-
munity into the family of nations, contracting
with it as such, recognizing its power to treat as
such, was a high act of authority about which
the Government of the United States,and not the
President merely, had the right to decide and
determine. Yet here, sir, in our presence, the
President has thought proper—I do not say it in
any spirit of censonousness—to acknowledge this
Government by accepting and accrediting its
Minister. It is a question of great importance.
The coming into existence of a new nation affects,
or may affect, the whole circle of nations. New
relations are to be created; new alliances are to
grow up; new laws and new policies of commerce
to be marked out. Is this a case which, under
such circumstances, may be promptly decided by
the President of the United States alone ?
Sir, I did not intend to debate this question; I
was not prepared for debate upon it; but it seems
to me that something ought to be said and some-
thing ought to be done. I do not know that this
message ought to be committed at ail. At any
rate, it deserves debate before it goes from the
hands of the Senate, and wc should better under-
stand and know what we are called upon to do,
and what we are doing. I hope that the message
will not be referred—at least not at present.
Mr. MASON. I am not aware, sir, of any-
thing in the message of the President which has
been read, either to cxcite the apprehensions
which have been indicated by the Senator from
Kentucky, or to call for the criticism which lie has
been pleased to make upon the conduct of the
Piesident. The paper merely informs the Senate,
as it was his duty to do, of th<* condition of a
country very near to us, m whose condition we
must of necessity have a great deal of interest—
Central America generally, and Nicaragua, one
of the States of that country, more especially.
He informs us that he has learned recently that a
change has taken place m the Government of the
State'of Nicaragua. What change: That which
is taking place all over the earth from day to day—
a change of government; the appointment of one
president in lieu of another; the appointment of
one set of law-makers m lieu of another set.
Being satisfied that the new Government is a Gov-
ernment de facto, and hns sufficient ability to con-
duct the affairs of the people, he has felt himself
called upon to receive their Minister. That is all.
Now, the honorable Senator from Kentucky
says that tins is in contravention of a policy
established from the foundation of this Govern-
ment, and adhered to on a memoiahie occasion
by General Jackson, in reference to the State of
Texas. Pie says that the President is not only
contravening that policy but establishing a new i
one. 1 ask the honorable Senator whether the '
State of Nicanurua is a new State in the family
of nations? Have we not recognized the exist-
encc of Nicaragua as a political community since
the year 3824, at one time in a confederation, and
afterwards separately, just as we recognized i
Mexico, or Costa Rica.or Buenos Ayx-es, or any
of the States that occupy a portion of North
Ameiica, or Central America, or South America:
Docs it not follow, injustice to them and to our-
selves, that when they change their Government
all that we have a right to know is that the Gov-
ernment which they have established is really a
Government, and that they have sufficient stabil-
ity to entitle themselves to be put in communica-
tion with us. This^is the whole inquiry* But
the Senator reasons in this case as though Nicar-
agua had now for the first time presented herself
as a separate political community, and the Presi-
dent had undertaken to determine that it was in
fact a political community, and to recognize it as
such, without consulting the other branches of
the Government. That is not the case at all.
We have had a Minister resident at the State of
Nicaragua for several years, and one there when
this revolution took place, by which their Gov-
ernment was changed. She lias had a Minister
resident here. We have been on terms of polit-
ical intercourse with the State of Nicaragua for a
series of years, as wc are with the other States
of Central America. We are not now recogniz-
ing a new Power.
I am free to admit (so far as I would undertake
to criticise the conduct of the President, who
must, by virtue of his office, regulate, notour rela-
tions with foreign nations, but our intercourse with
foreign Governments) that, knowing the fact that
a number of our citizens had gone there from our
States and had taken part in this revolution, now
I should have paused, as I think he has paused,
before forming any judgment which could be con-
sidered a sudden premature judgment on the char-
acter of the Government which has resulted from
that revolution. That day, however, has gone
by. The Government has been established now
for a period of some six or eight months. So far
as we are informed, it is a Government of greater
stability, more tranquillity, more repose than has
existed m that unfortunate country for a period
of years; and if it has been brought about by the
instrumentality of one of our own countrymen,
we are not to discredit it on that account—far
from it. I admit that wc are to do nothing which
would invite or encourage our people to intrude
I themselves offensively, far less with hostile views,
| into the affairs of others; but when the thing is
I done and ended, the government becomes the act
| of the people of the country whose government
t it is.
| The government of Nicaragua having changcd
hands, m whose hands has it been deposited?
Mr. Rivas is, as I am informed, the provisional
President of Nicaragua. What is a provisional
president? A president ad interim until, accord-
ing to their institutions, with which we have
nothing in the world to do, a President can be
appointed for the term regularly fixed by their
fundamental law; but he is the President de facto,
the organ of that Government, and he has aright
to put himself in communication with us, and to
demand that we shall communicate with him
politically, if ho can show that his government,
is a stable one—of a character which is entitled to
our respect and consideration.
Now, sir, I do not know what the Senator
from Kentucky means when he says that, m the
coursc of a week, the country will think itself on
the verge of war because tho Government of Nic-
aragua has been recognized. With whom are we
to go to war? What is the threat of war? It
certainly does not come from Central America or
from any of the nations adjoining it. Whence,
then, is this cloud to arise? Am 1 to construe
the honorable Senator as meaning that, because
another foreign transatlantic Government has
more than once intermeddled (as we have never
done, but have always refrained from d'ung) with
the domestic as well as the political affairs of th'*
Sta*e of Nicaragua, we aie to be deterred fioni
our course, or even to be in the shghwst deicrcc
affected in the relations which wo mav think it
proper to establish with her, because of any ap-
prehension from that quarter? I confess that I
enteitam no such appielmnsionx: hutif t thought
that the lecognition of this Government would
bring to an i.>mk> the questions winch are depend-
ing between us, and any foreign nation whatever,
when we are right, I should then only be left to
judge of the expediency of aceelerat mg or retard-
ing thai issue, I should not be governed m my
views of the propriety of the conduct of tins
nation by regard to what would be the opinions
or obtrusive interference of any nation abroad.
Sir. we know very well—I have had occasion,
in my official position here, within a short period,
hy a report, to expose the fact—that the Govern-
ment of the United States has not attempted, in
