1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
iier,Floience, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Hoffman, Hous-
ton, Jpwett, George W.Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Kent, KeUv,
Letter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Smith Miller, Millson, Mott,
Nichols, Antliew Ollvei, Orr, Paine, Pearce, Phelps, Pui-
vear, Cluitman. It^ado, Richardson, Kitchio, Buffin, Ru<t,
fcjavairo. Scott, Spinner, Shorter, Stewart, Waldron, War-
ner, Watkms, YVmslow, and John V. Wright—53.
So the resolution as amended was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and that the motion to reconsider be
laid npon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
there is upon 3^0111* table a joint resolution from
the Senate to supply deficiencies for printing,
which I think ought to be taken up and disposed
of. i move that it be taken up.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to taking
from the table the Senate joint resolution " to
supply a deficiency in the appropriations for print-
ing for the second session of the Thirty-Third
Congress?"
Mr. STANTON. If T understand the resolu-
tion it is one of the appropriation bills which have
originated in the Senate, and I object to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is not an appropriation
bill. It is merely a resolution to provide for the
payment for the printing of documents which gen-
tlemen themselves have ordered. The printing
fund has been exhausted, and unless there is some
ttction the whole of this printing business is likely
to be blocked. The resolution simply provides
that the appropriations for the printing of the
Thirty-Fourth Congress may be taken to supply
the deficiencies for the printing of the Tlurty-
Third Congress. Gentlemen have ordered the
documents and it is now necessary that there
should be some provision made for the payment
of the printing.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw my objection.
No further objection being made the joint res-
olution was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time by its title, ordered to a
third reading, and was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, called for the pre-
vious question on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof the resolution was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed, and
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INCREASE OF THE NAVY.
Mr. ORR. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval A flairs be m-
stiucted to iuquue into the expediency of ineieasmjr the
Navy ot' the United States by immediately coliHtiuetmg
lifte&n additional steam frigates, not exceeding sixteen hun-
dred tons burden each, and that they report by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I object.
Mr. ORR. I move a suspension of the rule,
to enable me to introduce the resolution.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I withdraw tho objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And I renew it.
Mr. ORR. I move a suspension of the rule
for the purpose indicated.
Mr. JONES. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. ORR. If the House now adjourns, what
will be the condition of the resolution on Mon- j
day next? Will it be the first business in order?
The SPEAKER. 'The Chair is informed that,
under the practice of his predecessors, it would
be the first business in order.
Mr. ORR. If my friend from Tennessee wishes
to defeat the resolution by preventing a vote being
taken, I move that the House do now adjourn.
"We have no quorum at present.
Mr. JONES. I do not want to prevent a vote
being taken. 1 understand the operation of busi-
ness here, and know that a vote cannot be pre-
vented. It will come up next Monday, and every
Monday, and until it is disposed of one way or
the other. All I want is my vote on the record,
i do not think two thirds are in favor of the res- i
olution. 1
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
The House was then divided on the call for the
yeas and nays; and there were 16 in the affirma-
tive, and 79 in the negative.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I call for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Perry and
Thurston were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 7, noes 84.,
So the yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. PHELPS. There is no quorum present,
and I move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for tellers
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail and
Cumback were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 69, noes 32; no quorum voting.
Mr. ORR. Have the yeas and ncvys been
refused ?
The SPEAKER. They have.
Mr. ORR. Then I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly (at two o'clock and forty minutes)
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 26, 1856.
Prayer by tho Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal ofyesterday was road and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of the
United States, transmitting a copy of a letter of the
7th of March last, from tho acting Commissioner
of the United States in China, and of the regu-
lations and notifications winch accompanied it,
for such revision thereof as Congress may deem
expedient, pursuant to the sixth section of the act
approved 11th August, 181K; which was ordered
to lie 011 the table and be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of State, com-
municating, in compliance with the resolution of
the Senate of the 21st instant, a statement of the
number of employes, other than clerks, in the
State Department, its offices and bureaus, and the
compensation allowed to each; which, on motion
by Mr. Adams, was referred to the Committee
011 Finance.
Also, a report of the Postmaster General, com-
municating, m compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, information in relation to the frequent
failures of the northern mail in its transmission
to the city of Washington; which was, on motion
by Mr. Stuart, referred to the Committee on tho
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a report of the Attorney General, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, the number of persons, other than
clerks, employed m his office, and the amount of
compensation allowed to each; which was, on
motion by Mr. Adams, referred to the Committee
on Finance.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial of the
Board of Marine Underwriter in the city of Phila-
delphia, praying for an appropriation for com-
pleting the piers at Reody Island, in the Delaware
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also, resolutions of the Board of Trade of Phila-
delphia, in favor of the purchase by the Govern-
ment of an invention by Commander B. F. Sands,
of tho Navy, for obtaining specimens of the bot-
tom in deep-sea soundings; which were referred
to the Committee 011* Naval Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
W. G. Mosely, a deputy surveyor in Florida,
praying for compensation for looses sustained by
him in consequence of the, recent Indian outbreak
in that State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. FISH presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of New York, in favor of an appropriation
for the repair of the structures erected by the
; General Governmentupon the quarantine grounds
i near the ciiy of New York; winch was referred'
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered te
bo printed.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Rich-
ard Forrest, a lieutenant in the Navy, who had
been placed upon the reserved list, praying to be
restored to his former position in the service;
which was referred to the Committee ori Naval
Affairs.
Also, the memorial of Thomas J. Manning;, a
commander in the Navy, who had been placed
upon the reserved list, praying to be restored to
his former position in the service; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of the in-
mates of the West Branch United States Military
Asylum, at Harrodsburg, Kentucky, praying
that that institution may not be abolished; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Florida, in favor of the establish-
ment of a new collection district in that State, to
be called the district of Tampa; which was re-
ferred to tho Committee on Commerce.
Mr.HUNTFR presented amemorialofThomas
L. Preston and others, praying that the times for
holding the United States district court at Wythe-
ville, in the western district of Virginia, may be
changed; which was referred to the Committee
\ on the Judiciary.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. CLAY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the heirs of Robert M«s
Connollj praying for remuneration for depredations of the
Creek Indians m 1813, be withdrawn from the tiles of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the ie*oluiion of the Legislature of Michi-
gan. and the petitions of the eitizcns of Michigan, on the
; filo of the Senate, in relation to private land olaixns in that
> State, be ret'eried to the Committee on Private L.mdClainis.
I REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES,
i Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
| Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
| William R. Combs, submitted an adverse report;
i which was ordered to be printed.
| He also, from the same committee, to whom
' was referred the petition of Deborah Chaffee,
granddaughter of Thomas Dimon, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the-same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Isaac Carpenter, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was lefcrred the petition of Rufus K. ^ane, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of "Benjamin Berry, re-
ported a bill granting a pension to Benjamin Berry,
a soldier of the Revolution; which was read the
first time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a bill for the relief
of the widows and orphans of the officers, sea-
men, and marines of the United States sloop of
war Albany, and for other purposes, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported a bill making appropriations for
the payment of invalid and other pensions, for
the year ending June 30, 1857, and for other pur-
poses; which was read twice by its title, and
postponed until to-morrow. He gave notice that
lie should ask the Senate to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill to-morrow, at one o'clock.
ADDITIONAL SLOOPS OF WAR.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill to authorize the con-
struction often sloops of war; which was read a
first and second tune by its title.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, the bill which
is now presented from the Committee on Naval
Affairs is identical in language with the bill intro-
duced two years ago for the construction of six
steam frigates, except as to the number of vessels
and the amount of appropriation. The Secretary
of the Navy last year recommended the construc-
tion of seven steam sloops; but circumstances
have transpired since—particularly the loss of
two vessels—which have induced the Secretary
now to recommcnd the construction of ten instead
of seven steam sloops. There can be no oontro-
