1228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
any instance, to avail itself of advantages, far less
to acquire rights, by negotiation with one of the
American Powers, which we may consider us
domestic Powers, that the Governments, both
of Prance and England, have not interfered, and
successfully frustrated our efforts. We know,
as is stated in the message of the President in
relation to Nicaragua, that, although Great Britain
has not asserted a right to take possession of the
port of San Juan, she has effectually done the
same thing under her alleged protectorate, by
interposing the shadow of a Mosquito Govern-
ment between her and the State of Nicaragua, and
has seriously embarrassed and crippled that weak
State by her course of policy. We are no further
interested in that, than as our sympathies may be
excited on the one side, or as our disgust and
odium may be excited by seeing the overshadow-
ing control that is without scruple exercised by
a strong Power on a weak one. But we have not
attempted to interfere, as far as I am aware, in
any form or shape.
Our people have gone there under concessions
made by the Government of Nicaragua—an inde-
pendent Power; have invested a large amount of
capital, and established a route which is of great
importance to us in our commercial and political
intercourse with one of the States of this Con-
federacy. We have found, as the President states,
that by means of the revolution winch has re-
cently taken place in that Government, the rights
of property of our citizens have been jeoparded,
if notseriously impaired;and itbecomesa matter
of public and political necessity that we should
be restored, if we can with propriety, to that re-
lation of diplomatic intercourse which will enable
us to inquire into and rediess that wrong. Why is
it to be put oflf? The President is the only power
known to this Government that can rcceivc a
foreign minister. This is an authority expressly
given to him by the Constitution. The respons-
ibility resides with him if he were to undertake
to receive a foreign minister from some association
of people claiming to be a political community,
theretofore unknown tu the world us a political
community, it would certainly be a very great
stretch of responsibility, winch mi^ht involve the
country, and which, 1 flunk, no President, con-
scious of ins true position as one of the depmt-
ments of the Government, would exercise. But
where there is a nvre change of government in
an existing find acknowledged political commu-
nity—a mere change of the hands that exercise
power, it is an ordinary ease for the exertion of
his rcHpon.sibility, and he must take his own
eoursc. He cannot consult us, lie cannot consult
any branch of thoGovernment, i should conceive,
as to the propriety of il: or, if so, it must
be under much graver eiiewnstanccs than those
which attend the present case.
Why, sir, how was it but (he other day in
France? France passed through all the interme-
diate states of a monarchy, an anarchy, a military
despotism for the time, a republic, and an autoc-
racy, and we recognized them all, ace.on.Ung to
my recollection, from tunc to time, in each stage
which that Government assumed until it termin-
ated in the grand coup tVetat by which the present
ruler of France seized the reins of empire, and has
held them ever since. According to my recollec-
tion, our Minister at Paris, though he was unable
to obtain instructions from his Government, for-
bore no longer than ten or fifteen days as to
whether he should recognize Louis Napoleon as
the Autocrat of France, instead of Louis Napoleon
who was the President of the Republic some ten
or twelve days before. This Government per-
fectly appro\cd of what lie did. We did not
hesitate, at once to put ourselves inpolitical com-
munication with France after Napoleon seized
the reins of empire there, cuid became the ruler,
the sole ruler, irresponsible even to the people
over whom he ruled.
3 shall not go further into the subject. I only
mean to say that I think—with all the respect
which I bear to the Senator from Kentucky, and
I bear that respect to him for which he is entitled,
.a very great respect—he has rather confounded
the case of a reception by the President, of a
minister from a political community just coming
into being and not previously recognized, with
the case of an ordinary change of government by
an existing Power with whom we have had all
the time political relations.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to put an inquiry to the
Senator from Virginia. It appears to me, looking
at this question in a practical point of view, that
there is to be only one result from this course of
action. If the Nicaraguan Governmcnt*be now
recognizted, our citizens, independently of any
law on our part, will have a right to go there;
and the practical result of the acknowledgment
of this Government will be to enable the citizens
of the United States to go there and make that a
permanent government which may not now be a
permanent one. It is known to us that, but yes-
terday, it was considered a mere revolutionary
struggle, carried on m a great part by citizens
emigrating from the United States against the
laws of this country—carried on by their instru-
mentality almost exclusively. .Of the force which
fought the battles of the revolution, nineteen
twentieths have been Americans who went there
contrary to the law of our country. I apprehend,
however, that now, by the recognition of this
Government, the President will have no right to
prevent any American citizcn from going there
if he pleases.
The result of this will be that, in less than
twenty days, or as soon as by means of steam
people can reach Nicaragua, a Government which
but yesterday was considered as trembling in the
balance, because itwas believed that it was about
to be put down, will be as stable (against the Gov-
ernment in opposition to which the revolution
was commenced) as our own Government is to-
day. There can be no doubt of that.
Then the question is, how far would it be right,
without having ascertained the stability of a gov-
ernment admitted to be established by a revolu-
tion carried on by our own citizens, to take away
the restrictions now imposed by law, and enable
our citizens to go there so as to make a permanent
and stable government out of that which but yes-
terday was a revolutionary government, estab-
lished by those who had no light to go there?
The practical importance of this matter is, that
by the recognition of the Walker government in
N icairt^ua, our citizens will be able to go there in
accordance with our law—and wc know that they
will go there—and that what has heretofore been
an mistable^ovornmcnt will become a stable one.
I do not pretend to say that I am against the
policy; but that is the practical question to which
we are to address ourselves.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Maryland
inquires of me, as I understand, whether the
practical effect of the recognition of the existing
Government of Nicaragua, will not be to give a
license to the people of the United States to go
there, and, if they think proper, after they get
there, to take part in the war which it is said now
exists between Costa Rica and Nicaragua? 1
answer that, as I construe the laws and policy of
the United States, it will give them no greater
license, certainly, than exists in regard to any
other country on the face of the corth. It will
not affect our neutrality laws m the slightest dc-
giec; it will leave them unimpaired and in full
force. Those laws provide that the citizens of
the United States shall not originate, set on foot,
or organize, within our limits, any military expe-
dition against a country with which wc are at
peace; because that would embarrass our rela-
tions with that country, but our citizens arc free
to go where they please, and, when they get
abroad, to engage m any pursuit, be it peaceful
or hostile.
Mr. WELLER explained the history of the
Nicaraguan revolution, and justified the action
of General Walker. His remarks will be pub-
lished m the Appendix.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Iam extremely reluc-
taut to trespass upon the patience of the Senate at
this hour 
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator will give way,
I will move an adjournment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I yield.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hope the docu-
ments will be printed.
Mr. BROWN. 1 presume that the order has
been made for their printing. Has it not?
The PRESIDENT. The question is on re-
ferring the message and documents to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and printing them.
Mr. MASON. I move, then, that the docu-
ments be printed. Though Senators may object
to the reference, they may be printed at once.
Mr. WELLER. Let the order for the print-
ing be made, and the motion for reference can be
debated afterwards.
The PRESIDENT. Is there any objection to
the printing ?
Several Senators. Of course not.
The PRESIDENT. The or£er for printing
will be made.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 15, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PHILEMON T. HERBERT.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I rise to a question of
privilege. I offer a resolution, which I send up
to the Clerk.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas, a difficulty occurred at WiUards' Hotel, in this
city, on the 8th instant, between Hon. Philemon T. Iler-
bm, a member of this llou-c from the State of California,
and Thomas Keating, a waiter at said hotel, which lesulted
! in the death of said Keating from a pistol shot fired by said
j ileibert; and whe.icas, upon the examination of ^pd case
I hefoic Justices Smith and Buich, of the Di&tiictof C'oluni-
i bia, the said justices woie divided in their opinion as to
I the piopnety of allowing said Herbert to obtain bail; and
j wheieas, s.ajd Herbert was then taken on the wnt of
j habeas corpus bofoic Thomas II. Crawford, judge of the
j criminal court of the District of Columbia, and the decision
] of the said judge was as follows, viz: " That the pnsoner
| enter mto a recognizance with one or more good burcty or
j sureties in the sum of §10,000, conditioned for his appear-
1 anee at the next tenn of the criminal com t of the Distnct
! of Columbia, to be holden on the 3d Monday oi June next,
' to aiiMver to the charge of manslaughter on Thomas Keat-
ing, and not to depart the jut infliction of the court without
the leave (hoieof;'5 and whereas, the Constitution provides
" that each House of Congress shall be the judeje of the
qualifications of its own members, and may puniohits mem-
lieis for th&ordciJy behavior, and with the concurrcnce of
two thirds expel a memberTherefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary of this
House be, and they arc heicby, instructed to take the case
of the above-named Philemon T. Heibcrt into consider-
ation; that they have power to bend for persons and papers;
and icport to this body, at their earliest convcniencc, what
action the House should take m the piemises.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I object to the con-
sideration of the resolution. There is no question
of privilege involved in it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
presents a resolution which he claims involves a
question of privilege: it was read for the inform-
ation of the House, and the gentleman from
Georgia objects to its leception.
Mr. KNOWLTON. 1 move that the rules be
suspended to enable me to introduce the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move
to suspend the rules except on Mondays.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I hope the gentleman will
not move to suspend the rules. If it is a question
of anything, it is a question of privilege, which
! should be voted upon directly by every member.
| Mr. WALKER. Is it in order to say any-
i thing in relation to that paper ?
' Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish it understood that
I will object to everything out of order. I am
anxious to get along with the public business.
Mr. WALKER. I ask the question of the
Chair whether it is in order to say anything now
in relation to that paper ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to debate
the resolution. The Chair judges this to be the
fact connected with the resolution: the gentleman
from Maine introduces a resolution with a state-
ment of facts, and claims that it involves a ques-
tion of privilege. It is not for the Chair to de-
termine whether the facts assumed are true, or
whether it be a question of privilege or not. But
if it be claimed by the gentleman from Maine
that it involves a questionof privilege, the Chair
i will submit the question to the House, whether it
; will entertain the resolution as a question of priv-
, ilege. That question is a question as to the pri-
: ority of business, and is not debatable.
! Mr. KNOWLTON. I insist upon my point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair then submits to
the'House the question, Shall the resolution he
received?
Mr. PHELPS. Is not that question—whether
it is a question of privilege, or not—debatable?
The SPEAKER. If it be a question of privi-
lege it supersedes all other business of the House.
