1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2103
We can tell by comparing it with what we have
done in other cases. We have here two figures
of Columbus and the Indian, on the eastern
portico, and they cost $24,000. We have the
statues of Peace and War in the niches of the
eastern portico, and they cost $20,000, making
$44,000 for four figures, executed by an artist
not to be compared with Mr. Crawford; and yet
from Mr. Crawford, who stands at the very head
of his profession, we get twelve figures for only
$46,000. Why, sir, it is an extraordinary econ-
omy, rather than extravagance or mismanage-
ment. '
Then another great complaint is, that a vast
sum of money is expended in certain doors of the
Capitol. Well, sir, it is true that these doors
cost a sum which seems large to those who are
uninformed of such matters; but let us consider
whether they cost more than such ornaments
ought to cost, and have cost elsewhere, and
whether they are not appropriate ornaments for
a building such as I have said this was designed
to be. Doors might have been made of deal, or
mahogany, at a very trifling cost; but would it
have become the people of the United States, or
the Legislature of the United States, to disfigure
such a building as this by mean materials, which
the poorest nation on earth would reject, and
nothing but the most niggardly economy would
employ? No, sir; the architect thought properly,
that we were entitled to have in this great building
such doors as would compare m taste and beauty
with any to be found in the great buildings of
the Old Word. We know what art, and taste,
and skill have wrought on the doors of the Church
of the Madeleine, in Paris, on those of the Glypto-
thek, at Munich, and those still more celebrated
gates of the Baptistery, in Florence, executed in
- bronze by the brothers Ghiberti, of which Michael
Angelo said that they were worthy to be the
gates of Paradise. Captain Meigs thought there
was no impropriety, but a manifest propriety, in
having richly embellished doors for our Capitol;
only three of them — an exterior one for each
wing, and one for the interior of the House of
Representatives, of that same material, bronze,
ornamented in the highest style of the art known
at this period, by an American genius. He
employed the same Mr. Crawford to make the
designs for these doors. They are to be thirteen
feet ten inches high, and six and one half in
breadth, and contain eight panels, each panel filled
with beautiful designs, and all of historic interest,
and of touching interest, because they preserve
some of the most beautiful and glorious socnes of
our Revolution. For example, one represents the
battle of Lexington; another the battle of Bunker
Hill; a third represents the charge upon the bas-
tion at Yorktown; and another, General Wash-
ington taking leave of the army at the close of the
Revolution. Sir, these are scenes and incidents
which ought to be perpetuated; which no Amer-
ican ought to have obliterated from his memory,
and which he should desire to hav^ presented in
the most noble, beautiful, and imperishable form.
The superintendent has undertaken to have that
done. He has put these scenes into bronze, and
they will present to the citizen of the United
States a remmesccnce which I am sure no man
would desire ever to have banished from his mind.
They will be presented too in the highest style
of art, which will reflect honor on the genius and
skill of the artist who designed them, to all time,
I trust. These doors cost some thirteen or four-
teen thousand dollars each; a very large sum,
gentlemen may say, but I believe it is a very
small sum in comparison with what other such
doors have cost. For example: the great gates
at the Baptistery at Florence, I understand were
about thirty years in being executed, and the
artists of that day lived like princes. They were
the companions of dukes and nobles, and must
have kept up a considerable style of living. I
do not know what they were paid; but if they
were paid only as we pay our messengers, for the
time they were engaged, they would have cost
five times as much as these doors cost.
Now, sir, in regard to the extravagance of all
this, we must look at what we have done in other
respects, in the way of embellishment, and see
whether these doors have not been really cheap.
Take, for example, the paintings m the Rotunda.
We have given for these paintings £10,000 or
$12,000 a piece. Here is a door that is as large
as one of those paintings, not put upon perisha-
ble canvass, but made in imperishable bronze—
the designs for them, the models for them being
first made in plaster, in the highest style of art,
and with all the efForts of genius and skill neces-
sary in finishing the finest and most perfect
statues. They are elaborated after they are cast,
with the greatest delicacy, and with great pa-
tience, for of course the casting must be some-
what rough when it comes from the molds. They
are chiseled and filed over and over until they
are made as smooth as a staiue. One of these
doors as large as the pictures costs but one or two
thousand dollars more than one of those pictures.
Is that extravagance ? I fancy that gentlemen
who have abused Captain Meigs for what ho has
done in this respect, have not considered what
has been done heretofore, and are perhaps alto-
gether unaware of the proper estimates and costs
of all these matters. One thing, however, is
very certain. These expenses have not been en-
tered into by the superintendent on his own mo-
tion alone. He has had the authority of the
Executive, to whom you entrusted this whole
business, to whom you confided authority over
all the details, and to whom you must have con-
fided them, for Congress could not undertake to
superintend all these details themselves. This
is manifestly the most inappropriate body in
the world to undertake any such thing.
Now, there are other points which'have been
made the subject of unfavorable comment, upon
which I might detain the Senate much longer,
but I do not think proper to do so. I have
thought that if I pointed out some few instances
in which extravagance has been charged, and
satisfied the Senate, as I trust I have, that there
has been no such extravagance, we shall not find
a disposition to remove these meritorious and
capable men from the service in which they are
so useful, to which they have been educated by
the Government, and in which, therefore, it
would seem so proper to employ them. But
another point has been made, resting on a single
fact, which has been greatly misunderstood, and
which I will endeavor, in a few moments, to ex-
plain to the Senate.
I saw it stated by a highly respectable gentle-
man, who no doubt thought he was falling into
no error in so stating, that the stone work on the
Post Oifice m this city wos costing a vast deal
more than it ought to; that there was extraor-
dinary labor given to finishing the stone with
which that building was bemg rrected. This
gentleman mentions that he casually went to a
place on or near Judiciary sciuare, where the
workmen were cutting granite by day labor, and
there he saw a stone about seven feet eight inches
high, three feet six inches wide, and two feet
broad, which a workman was cutting over and
over again, and which was to cost about one
hundred and sixty-five dollars! Now, sir, he did
not inquire cpnte far enough. He seemed to sup-
pose that this stone was finished in the manner
m which all the others were to be finished. Not
so; the fact is, that the particular stone which he
happened to observe, was intended as a pillar to
support the arcade of the post office at the place
of letter delivery. It was a pillar—a prominent
object—a thing to be finished with a greater de-
gree of delicacy perhaps than any other stone in
the building not intended for the same or a sim-
ilar use. It was smoothed off m the nicest way
known to workmen, and the price of this labor ;
unquestionably added in due proportion to the ,
cost of the stone. It did not, however, cost as
much as he stated, because there was error both !
in his calculation and in the basis of it. He did ,
not consider that all of the three sides were fin- .
ished in this way. Then correcting the errors j
in his calculation, instead of costing about three :j
dollars a superficial foot, it costs but §1 18, a very ;i
great difference as the Senate "will perceive, and 11
one justified by the "purposes to which the stone
is to be applied. The dimensions were correctly
given by the honorable gentleman to whom I
refer; but the total average cost of dressing such
stones as the one in question was $107 50, and
the price per superficial foot was ninety-three
cents.
Yery great mistakes have been made in regard
to the cutting of the stone altogether, and in regard
to the price of it. I saw it stated that a stone-
cutter m this city had undertaken to cut granite ;
at twenty-five cents a foot, for the front walls of
the Capitol extension. But on inquiry it turned
out that this was not stone finished for the super-
structure, but intended for the cetiar. I find, too,
that that same Mr. Emery, stone-cutter, in his
contract made some time ago, before Captain
Meigs came into the superintendence, received
under one contract, for granite, per cubic foot,
$1 18; for face cutting, per superficial foot, fifty
cents; for beds and posts, thirty cents. Under
another contract he received for his granite for
walls of cellars, eighty cents per cubic foot, and
for the rough cutting, twenty-five cents per foot.
Whereas, after Captain Meigs came into charge
he obtained the same material, granite, for forty-
six cents per cubic foot; and, though the cutting
was more expensive than on Mr. fernery's con-
tract, the total cost was below, because the mate-
rial was much lower. It is a well-understood
contrivance with contractors and bidders to put
one part of the bid low to cover the extravagance
of another part.
In another of Captain Meigs's contracts, similar
to Mr. Emery's second contract, Captain Meigs
gave for the granite forty cents per cubic foot;
while the cutting cost, by the day, from twelve
to twenty cents per superficial foot—in every
respect a much better bargain for the Government.
And so wc find, when any special object is com-
plained of as costing too much, that it was intended
for a purpose which required greater finish thfcn
the rest, and that this, instead of being regarded
as the exception, is taken as the rule; and extrav-
agance is accordingly assumed.
Without going further into the subject, allow
me to say in conclusion, that, inasmuch as this
subject has been made a matter of investigation
in the House of Representatives, and as a long
series of inquiries has been submitted to the
superintendent, the answers to which, making a
book of two hundred pages, have been prepared
and sent to the committee very lately; and inas-
much as there cannot possibly have been any
consideration of the other side, and only one bide
has been heard, the side of accusation, the side of
interest, the side of speculation, the side of job-
bers, those people whose hands are soiled, (as
they are apt to be when a Government contract is
the thing to be made profitable,) it is not fair or
common justice, in the Congress of the United
States, to make a decision which will involve the
character of honorable men of professional pride
and merit, until the matter has been probed to
the bottom, and until everything which can be
said in defense, as well as all that can be artfully
fot up in accusation, has been heard. Now, sir,
trust the Senate of the United States will at
least refuse to enter into this business of persecu-
tion until both sides have been fairly heard. I
have said nothing of Captain Bowman's manage-
ment of his work on the Treasury building, be-
cause I am not informed in regard to that. But I
have heard him so highly commended as an officer
of ability and honor, that I doubt riot he can be
readily vindicated. Nor have I said anything of
Mr. Walter, the architect of the Capitol, whose
artistic taste and skill are so universally admitted,
because I believe no attack has been made on
him. And with this, I leave the matter for the
present.
Mr. HALE. 1 wish to ask the Senator from
Maryland a single question which I want to put,
[Mr. Pearce. If 1 can answer it, I will.] and
that is, what is the change that has been made
by the present Secretary of War, on the coming
in of this Administration, on the plan of the
building of the Senate and House Chambers of
the new Capitol.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator desires to under-
stand precisely the character of the change, I do
not know that I can give him such an answer as
may be cxactly accurate; but there are one or two
other things I should like to state in that connec-
tion. When the present Executive came into
power, it was determined, in consequence of the
complaints which I have mentioned, to put an
officer of engineers in charge of the superintend-
ence of the building. I have a book before me,
and happen to recollect a passage which I saw
this morning, and which I will read a^s bearing
on this matter. This is from Ferguson's Hand-
Book of Architecture:
" Construction lias been shown to be thf elnel'aua and
object of the engineer. With him it id all m all. To-con-
