1230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in said State; and
Joint resolution for enlarging the custom-house,
post office, and court-house at Milwaukee, Wis-
consin.
ELECTION LAW AGAIN.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers
upon seconding the demand for the previous
question.
Tellers were ordered; andMessrs, Bocock and
"Whitney were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 80, noes 57.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
put.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I beg to occupy
the attention of the House for a short time. I
presume that the proposition is debatable?
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered to be now put, and debate is not in
order.
Mr. READY. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ball, Barbour, Benson, Jiradshaw,
Broom, Buftuiton, BurlingauiCj James H. Campbell, John
1\ Campbell, Lewis 1). Campbell, Carlile, Ohaftee, Ezra
Clark, dawson, Colfax, Cox, Cullen, Cumbaek, Henry
Winter Davis, .FimothyDavis, Durfee, Echo, Edward*,
Evans, Flagler, Fo&tei, IJcmy M Fuller, Calloway, Gilbert,
Granger, Harlan, J. Mom^on Harris, llaruson, Haven,
Hoffman, Holloway, Konnett, Knapj), Knight, Lmdley,
Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, MeCaity,
Kilhan Miller, Millwatd, Paine, Parker, Pelton, Periy,
1'ettit, Pike, Pnnglo, Pmvianee, Purycai, Ready, Itieaud,
ftitchie, Rivers, Roberts, Robison, Sapp, Seott, Simmons,
William 11. Smith, Sneed, Stanton, Stranahan, Swope,
Tappan, Tbormgton, Thurston, Todd, Traiton, Trippe,
Wakeinan, Walbndge, VValdron, Walker, Welch, Whit-
ney, WoodmlF, and Woodsvorth— 8*2.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Alhiight, Allen, Allison, Tlark^-
dalf, Boll, liillinghurst, Amtjlmm, Bliss, Bocock, Bowie,
Boyce, Branch, Brenton, Burnett, Cadwahuler, Cluigman,
Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Oiagm, Davidson,
Denver, Dick, Dowdell, Ednmndrfon, Klhott, Kngh^h,
Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. 1). Fuller, (JHidings, Goodc,
Gjcenwood, Grow, Samp-'on W. llnris, ileihert, Valentine
I). Morton, flnghwtoii, Gcoig*> \V. .Jones, J. Gbiney .loin's,
Keitt, KeJIy, Kidvvell, Knowlton. Letcher, Lumpkin, Afaee, 1
Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, iUawwll, Met-iuoeii,
Meaeham. Smith Miller, Million, Morgan, Morrill, Murray,
Amhew Oliver, Peek, Phelps, KiehanNon, Ratlin, Sabm,
tfandulge, Savage, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Tjsou, Warnei, (Jadw.il-
ndor C. Wawhburne, l^rad Washburn, Watkinu, WelU,
Williams, and Daniel B. Wright—'<9.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Pending the above call,
Mr. PELTON paid: Mr. Speaker, I have been
requested by my colleague, Mr. King, to state,
that he has paired oil* With Mr. McMm.HN on
all questions, from the 14th of the present month
to and including the l()th day of June.
3V1r. CAMPIJELL, of Ohio, moved to Jay the
bill on the table.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 08, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS — lUessits. Hall, Batbour, Henry Bennett, Bing-
ham, liKKlshaw, Bioom, Builiuiou, Builjuganie, James 11.
Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis 1) < 'ampin'}), Ezra
Clark, dawson, Cullen, liemy Winter Davis, Tnnothy
Davis Ethe, Udwatds, Evans, llemy M. Fuller, Gullowny,
Gilbert, Granges, Harlan, J. Moir^on l].iin>, flam-on. II.i-
veu, Uoftinan, Holloway, Kennett, Knight, Ltmlley, Alex-
ander K. Mai-shall. Kilhan Miller, AIill v\ aid, Moigan, Paiue,
Parker, Pelton, Pettil, Pike. Pungle, Puiviaiu-e, Puryeai,
jttieaud, Ritchie, Itivei-a, Robeifs-, Kof>i.--on, Sabm, Sapp,
Seoit, Smmions, William K. Smith, Sneed, Stanton. Stian-
ahan, Rwope, Thonngton, Tlmi^ton, 'L'odd, Tnppe, Wal-
hridge, Waldion, Walker. Welch, IVlutnev. and WoodiulT
—bS.
NAYS —Messrs. Aiken. Albright, Allen, Allison, Jlniks-
dak, Bell, Benson, Bdhnghuist, Bliss, Bocock, 'Bowie,
lSo\ce, Br.ni<Ji, B-onron, i>rook>, Buritftit, <\id\vahu(ei,
iiugh-toii, (,eorgo W. Jones,.!. Claney Jones, Koitt, Kelly
Kniwct!, Knapp, Knowlton, Letcher, I
LiUitipkm, Humphrey
\Jatteson, Maxwell, Me-
MaisiwH,
Marshal
Samuel
V. IVnsht-
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Pending the above call,
Mr. HORTON, of New York, stated that he
had paired off on this question with Mr. Reade.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill'
to a third reading.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move to add to the
bill the following provision:
Provided, That any alien, being naturalized between De-
cember and the day of election in any year, shall be entitled
to vote at the next succeeding election only on the same
conditions as are required by existing laws of native-born
citizens who may airive at the age of twenty-one years
between December and the day of election m the same
year.
I move, now, that the bill and amendment be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, where we can offer what
amendments we please.
Mr. BOCOCfC. If the bill be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, everybody knows that it cannot be acted
on in Lime for the next election in this city, and
its effect will be to kill the bill. That is what the
gentleman wants, 1 presume.
_ Mr. MARSHALL. Let gentlemen on that
side keep cool. I will say to them that I am
willing to go into committee now, take up this
bill, and act on it.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman knows that
there arc special orders ia, committee which will
prevent tins hill coming up for consideration.
Mr. KEITT. I agree with the gentleman from
Kentucky, that this bill is defective in some par-
ticulars; and 1 am willing to aid him to have it
amended. What he seems to desire, and what I
believe he does desire, is to carry this thing
through in time for the citizens of Washington
to have the benefits of its provisions at the next
election. As there is to be no intrigue or jug-
glery about it, 1 am willing to aid the gentleman
to curry the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
A There has been intrigue and
jugglery to stave it off.
Mr. KEITT. I do not make that charge. I
only state that 1 am willing to go with the gentle-
man from Kentucky, and refer this bill to the
Committee ol the Whole on the state of the
Union, provided it he agreed that we shall imme-
diately afterward go into committee, take up the
bill, and act on the amendments that are to be
offered.
Mr. MARSHALL. So far as that is con- !
corned, 1 will reply to the gentleman that I am
willing to go into committee now, and take up
this bill for amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the gentleman
from Kentucky propose his amendments, now,
and let the House at once decide between thena
and the bill. We may do it as well at this as
any othertime. What is thegentleman'smotion?
The SPEAKER. To commit the bill.
Mr. JONES. Has he offered an amendment?
Mr. MARSHALL. I offered an amendment,
and then made a motion to commit.
Mr. JONES. Let the gentleman withdraw his
motion to commit, and I will offer an amendment
to his amendment. The House can then vote
between the amendments.
Mr. Marshall's amendment was again read,
Mr. JONES. I wish to have the amendment
read which 1 would offer in hou of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Tho amendment was lead, Us follows:
That every fiee white male citizen of the United States
who shall lsa\e attained the age ol twenty one vear , and
whof.iiall have been a les-ulem of the said city of Washing-
ton twelve months, nndoi the ward m which he purposes to
vote thirty days immediately preceding the day of such
election, are heteby declared to be legal voters lor mayor,
aldermen, common eouncil, a^essoiji-eaistei, and all other
ollieerj o* said eitv or' Washington, who may or shrill be
elected by the people of said city, or either of the waitU
thereof.
Mr. JONES. If the gentleman from Kentucky
will withdraw his motion to commit the bill, and j
let me offer my amendment, whioh I propose in {
heu of his, and let the House choose between the ji
two amendments, and not go into the Committee !j
of the Whole, which is already blocked up by >|
special orders, we am dispose of the bill to-day. {.'
Mr. MARSHALL. I' would suggest to my ''j
friend from Tennessee, that where there is a will |j
there is away. I have a number of amendments ii
in my hand which I want to offer. I can offer
them only one at a time; and I want to go into
Committee of the Whole so that I may not be
deprived of the opportunity to offer them by the
previous question. We can go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole, and thus have the bill consid-
ered and perfected to-day. There will be no
objection to that course upon this side of the
House.
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman if he can
get the unanimous consent of the House, before
we go into the Committee of the Whole, to make
this bill the special order for to-day, and each
succeeding day until disposed of, to the exclu-
sion of all other special orders ? The gentleman
knows that, if we go into Committee of the
Whole without the House making such special
order—and it requires unanimous consent—any
one member of the House may prevent the con-
sideration of it until after the committee has dis-
posed of all the appropriation bills, which are
now the special orders, and until it shall have set
aside every other bill which is upon the Cal-
endar, commencing at the head and calling them
off until you come to this bill.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will say to the gentle-
man that the very proposition which he has sug-
gested has been negatived by the action of this
House, at the present session. We had special
orders made by the action of this House, and they
were postponed upon the arrival of the day for
which they were made special orders, and it was
determined that when we went into Committee
of the Whole, the Committee of the Whole could
postpone the special orders, and come down to
any bill upon the Calendar which they chose to
act upon.
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir; and that decision of
the committee was wrong; and it disregarded the
direct order of the House, set it at naught, and
took up another proposition, which was not a
special order. And, then, sir, another circum-
stance winch attended that question was, that the
deficiency bill had been under consideration of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and the House had adopted a resolution,
under the rules, closing debate at a certain time,
and ordering the committee then to vote upon the
pending amendments, and such other amend-
ments as should be offered, and then to report the
bill, with the action of the committee, to the House.
In my opinion, as I stated at the time, that bill
took precedence of all special orders, as it was the
unfinished business in the committee.
Again, I ask the gentleman, can he get the
unanimous consent to make this bill a special
order for to-day, and each succeeding day until
disposed of?
The SPEAKER. The motion to make it such
a special order can only be admitted by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. MARSHALL. T say, upon the authority
of the case made by the House, unanimous con-
sent to take up the bill in committee is not re-
quired.
Mr. JONES. Then, sir, I will move to amend
the motion to commit, if there is no objection, by
adding the words:
And that said bill be made the spccial older for this day,
and each succeeding day until disposed ot", to the exclusion
of u!I other bn^mesri.
Mr. MARSHALL. I accept the amendment.
Mr. JONES, if it is not accepted, then we
can net upon the bill in the House to-day.
The SPEAKER. The amendment can be ad-
mitted onbkby unanimous consent.
Mr. CiSlPBELL, of Ohio. 1 shall object,
unless it is the understanding that this matter
shall be disposed of to-day. If the general busi-
ness of the House is to be postponed indefinitely,
I shall object.
Mr. JONES. That is tantamount to an objec-
tion, hecause we shall find ourselves without a
quorum soon after we go into committee, and we
can then take no action.
If this bill is to go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, vve shall not be
able to get it up for consideration within the two
weeks which remain between this and the time
when the election in this city comes off. The
election comes off in two weeks from next Mon-
day; and if the bill is not acted upon within that
time, the time will have passed when the bill could
be effective. It would be well, and more manly,
