1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1231
to come up, and defeat the bill upon a square vote,
than to do it in that way.
If nobody objects, I move the amendment,
Mr. CAMPBELL. I cannot consent.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not wish to enter upon
any extended discussion of this question, but I
desire to state distinctly what is the proposition
before the House, and how that is to be affected
by agreeing to the motion submitted by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky.
I regret that my friend from South Carolina,
[Mr. Kutt,] prematurely, as I think, announced
his concurrence in the motion of the gentleman
from Kentucky, and expressed his opinion that
the bill was defective and needed amendment. I
apprehend that ray friend from South Carolina
rather founded his opinion upon the statement of
the gentleman from Kentucky than upon the pro-
visions of the bill itself. After the very large
majority by which the bill was yesterday ordered
to a third reading, and by the decisive majority
by which the proceed ings of the House were after-
wards undone and its steps retraced, I could not
but come to the conclusion that it was the address
of the gentleman from Kentucky which produced
a kind of prejudice against the bill, and induced
the change of opinion which was manifested by
the subsequent vote of the House. Now, sir, I
listened to my friend from Kentucky very atten-
tively. I hear him always with pleasure. There
is an earnestness, a directness, a good humor, and
good breeding, about my friend from Kentucky,
which always attract my attention and command
my respect.
When the gentleman from Kentucky was hurl-
ing his ponderous denunciations against the bill
on account of its discriminations against the naiive
citizen, and in favor of the for< :gn born, I felt
my own indignation rising and swelling. Is it
possible—I asked myself—that an American .Sen-
ate has made this odious discrimination against
the native-born citizen of the United States, and
in favor of foreigners? Has it conceded to the
foreigners greater rights, and granted to them
greater privileges, than it has to the native citizens
of the United States? It is true, sir, that i had
no recollection, from the reading of the bill at the
Clerk's table, that there was any such discrimina-
tion in it; but if. was possible that I might not
have heard all that the bill contained. 1 sent for
the bill. I examined it carefully; and you may
judge of my surprise when I found, on a perusal
of the bill, that there was no discrimination against
citizens and m favor of foreigners. You may
judge of my surprise at finding that there was no
reference either to native citizens or to foreigners
at all. And, when! came to understand the gen-
tleman from Kentucky more perfectly—as I did,
I confess, with the aid of suggestions given by
friends around me—I discovered that lie objected
to the bill, not for what it docs contain, but for
what it does not contain; not for the evil that it
does, but for the good that it does not do.
Now, sir, this species of opposition to a bill
seems to me to be a very extraordinary one. It
would be absolutely impossible for the House to
know what objections might not be urged to any
bill under consideration, because of the absence
of provisions relating to other subjects, and which
the gentlemen in opposition might consider proper
to have inserted. Why, sir, we should attain
very considerable skill m the art of mechanical
speech-making, if this description of opposition
were usual. A gentleman might compose a
speech dilating on all the moral, and social, and
political evils of winch history gives us any
information, and it would equally suit every ques-
tion that might come up for consideration. Why
object to a lull under consideration, because, in
addition to the mischiefs intended to be corrected
by it, it does not embrace trie cure of other evils
which it might be possible to correct? i presume
that nobody everpretended that the bill now before
the House was intended as a panacea to cure all
the evils to which the body-politic is liable. It
has but one object m view; and it is no objection
to the passage of the bill, if it corrects an existing
evil, that it does not go as far as some gentlemen
think it ought to go^and does not undertake to
correct other evils, which may be either real or
fanciful. I suppose that, under this idea, a bill
appropriating money for the construction of an
armed steamer, would be rejected because it did
not repair the injustice done by the decisions of
the late naval board; and a bill providing a pen-
sion to the widow of an Army officer would be
opposed on the ground that it did not suppress
polygamy in the Territory of Utah.
t^Now, here is the bill. I ask my friend from
Kentucky to tell me what are his objections to
this bill? Has he indicated any? Has anygen-
tleman suggested any objection to any of the pro-
visions of the bill? The bill proposes to punish
the knowing refusal of a commissioner of election
to receive valid and legal votes. Is not that an
object worthy the consideration of the House of
Representatives ? The bill provides for the mode
m which these commissioners are to be appointed.
Do gentlemen object to that? The bill provides
a number of places for depositing votes, and the
time when the votes are to be received. Have
gentlemen alleged any objection to these pro-
visions of the bill? i find, then, sir, that preju-
dice is sought to be thrown around this measure
because it docs not go so far as gentlemen desire
it to go, and does not embrace ^objects not con-
templated at all by the framers of the bill. Now,
suppose I should admit that the ends desired by
the gentleman from Kentucky, and those who
concur with him in opinion, were proper and free
from all objection: is that a reason for defeating
this bill? ts that a reason which would justify
gentlemen in voting, as they have done to-day, to
lay the whole subject on the table ?
Will gentlemen take the ground that they will
not secure the good that is within their reach be-
cause othergood ends which they desire to attain
may be unattainable ? Now, that is just the po-
sition of the question before the House. That is
just the state of the case; and I desire this commu-
nity to know—I desire the public to know—that
i the ed'oit is made to defeat this bill, not because
I of objections intrinsic m the bill, but because of
i the absence of provisions which, if passed, might
j effect objects which, in the estimation of those
proposing them, are desirable and beneficial.
Now, what are those objections- My friend
! from Kentucky alarmed the House somewhat—
j certainly he alarmed me—by stating that those
who supported this bill—and he wanted the coun-
1 try to understandit—were assuming the respons-
i ibility of making an odious discrimination against
i the native citizen, and in favor of the foreigner,
j But what appears to be the true state of the
case? Why, only this: As the gentleman from
f Kentucky means, T am sore, to be understood—
; for he is a fair-minded man, and docs not, I am
confident, design to make an erroneous impres-
sion on the House—as he means to be under-
stood, the judicial authorities of this District have
decided that certain persons are entitled to the
right of suffrage; and because this bill, in correct-
ing an existing ewl, will not go so fur as to repu-
diate the decisions made by the courts of justice,
ho complains that the bill is imporfect,and ought
notto be passed. If these judicialdecisions were
wrong, it would constitute no reason for refusing
the good which is found in this bill; because we
may very consistently secure a good object, even
though it may not be associated with another ■
which we may desire to attain.
If, then, the decisions of the judicial authori-
ties in this District were erroneous, that fact, I
say, would constitute no reason for the rejection
of a bill which is intended to punish the com-
missioners of election who knowingly refuse to
receive legal votes. But is it an erroneous de-
cision? What was the decision? Why, the
courts of the District of Columbia decided in
effect that a man is entitled to vote as soon as he
becomes a qualified voter. I confess, sir, that I
do not see the error in this decision of the court.
And I am not willing to throw discredit upon the
judgment of the court even if the opportunity
were now tendered me to do so. But, sir, docs
the gentleman himself allege that this decision of .
the judicial authorities here was erroneous ? I i
ask the gentleman from Kentucky whether he ;
does complain that this decision of the court was '
erroneous ? !
I find that I cannotgct an answer from the gen- :
tlcman from Kentucky? and 1 take it for granted .
that he assents to the correctness of that decision. j
I again ask him whether he complains of this 1
decision of the court, and I will yield to him for 1
c reply? The gentleman again does not lep'y,
and I conclude, therefore, from my knowledge of
his good sense, and acquaintance with law, that
he does not complain—that he cannot complain
of this decision.
It is, I understand it, the settled Jaw in all
the States, that naturalized citizens, who have
resided in the State in which they propose to vote,
shall be allowed to vote, if otherwise qualified,
immediately after theirnaturalization. In the late
animated canvass in Virginia, between the candi-
date of the Democratic party and the candidate of
the American party, this very question of the right
of naturalized citizens to vote immediately after
their naturalization was referred to the attorney
general, and the candidate of the American party
for the office of attorney general, (Mr. Patten,)
and they both concurred in the opinion, that the
right of the ^naturalized foreigner to vote attached
to him the mstant that he was naturalized. I
must then confess my surprise, that any objection
should be made to this decision of the courts of
the District of Columbia. But, if there was ob-
jection, why was not the question brought before
the Supreme Court of the United States? And
even if the Supreme Court of the United States
had made an erroneous decision, or if objection
was made to their decision, is there any obligation
upon the part of the House to repudiate their
decision by passing a declaratory statute ? Surely
there is no such obligation; and if there was such
an obligation resting upon the House in connection
with the subject, it might be answered by an
independent statute, anil would not justify the
rejection of a law intended to cure certain evils,
acknowledged to exist, because it does not also
provide a remedy for other evils. But even upon
the supposition that the decision of the court was
wrong, where is the discrimination? The gen-
tleman from Kentucky invoked a good deal of
popular odium against the bill by speaking of
discriminations. I desire to ask him, that I may
have the opportunity to comment on his reply,
to point out in what respect this bill discriminates,
os he charged in his speech, in favor of the for-
eigner, and against the native > I ask him whether
I the foreign-born minor, attaining to the age of
; twenty-one years, between the 31st of December
and the day of election, is not as much excluded
from the right of voting as the native-born minor ?
The gentleman will not answer the question, and
I will again infer from his silence—though my
presumption may be rather premature—that he
concurs in the statement that the foreign and
native-born minors are placed upon precisely the
same footing.
It has been suggested to me by a gentleman
voting with the gentleman from Kentucky, that
he was not satisfied with the native being placed
upon an equality with the foreigner. He thought
the native should be placed a little higher than
the foreigner. That, sir, may be a matter of
taste. I only desire to say now, so far as this
hill is concerned, that it makes no discrimination
between the citizens of the United States, whether
native or foreign born. There is no discrimina-
tion made between them.
As to the objections to the bill urged by several
gentlemen upon the other side of the House, on
account of the omission of the words " willfully
and corruptly," I will state that, some weeks ago,
when the bill was first reported by the Committee
for the District of Columbia, after I had read the
bill, I went to one of the members of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia—one of my
colleagues, [Mr Goope,] and pointed out the
omission in the bill of the words, " willfully and
knowingly." I stated th<-n to him that, unless
the bill was amended in th<s respect, it could not
receive my vote. The hill as then reported sim-
ply provided that a penalty should ta inflicted
upon any commissioner who should refuse to
reeehe any legal vote. Bui, upon an examina-
tion of the Senate bill, I find an adequate pro-
vision made for the lnnoval of that objection.
The bill of the House to which I objected on
account of its phraseology, did not contain the
word " knowingly/' But, sir, the bill now
before us contains that woid; and it seems to me
better to have it as it stands, than to insert the
woids, <v willfully and coiruptly" m juxtaposi-
tion with the word 4k knowingly." The gentle-
man from Kentucky seems to Think that the word
<k knowingly** i'jil\ qualifies the word "refuse,"
and has i.o ref-renee to the <-cicnfer, as to the
validity of the vote rejected. Now, 1 undertake
to say that, if my friend from Kentucky were m
