1856.]
APPEffpIX TO THE GONGHESSIOWAii GLOBE.
405
34th Cong 1st Sess.
Slavery—Kansas—Parties thereon—Mr. Maxwell.
Ho. or Reps.
sidered my services on shore of more value to the country
than lh<>  would haw been at sea ?
|  akr ite ni|«wt tn wonwlioB with the proceedings
of the Utr nival board; and liope that in this circu til italic?
you will e*.-u#e the liberty, and oblige.
Yours truly, M. F. MAURY.
Hillsboko', (Nobth Cahouka,) -tpril 7,1836.
Star I regret tliat mv absence from home has delayed a
reply to viHir letter of the 96th ultimo so loug alter its receipt
kjr oiy fiunily.
In answer to your inquiry, why you were not ordered to
■ea dunnf my connection with the Navy Department, I
have to state, that 1 considered your services et the National
Observatory of tar more importance and value to the coun-
try and the Navy than any that could tie rendered by an offi-
cer of your grade at sea in time of peace. 1 ndeed, I doubt
whetherthe triumph* of navigation, and of the knowledge
of the m, achieved under your superintendence of the Ob
■curatory, will not contribute as much to an effective naval
service and to the national tame as the brilliant trophies ol°
our arms.
I remain, very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
WILLIAM A. GRAHAM.
Lieutenant M. F- Mmt, Catted Stain A'«y,
Baltimou, Mirrrk 98,1856.
My hu Sib : I have received yours of the 95th [96th]
■•king me to stale why, when I was at the head of the
Navy Department, 1 did not order you to sea. Vou ask
Amber, was it because you did not apply, or because I con-
sidered your services on shore of more value to the country
than they woald have been at sea.
1 have no recollection of your having applied for sea ser-
vice, though you may have done so, and 1, alter this lapse
of time, have forgotten it.
From ray knowledge of the nature of your scientific pur-
■■Its, their usefulness to the country, and your devotion to
them, I can say that nothing but such an emergency as left
me no alternative woulifhave induced me to withdraw you
from your labors at the Observatory by an order to go to sea.
My estimate of the importance of the scientific service
required from the officers of the Navy is sufficiently mani-
fested in my report lo the President, in December, !<&>, upon
the organization of a hyrirographic corps, to be charged
especially with such duties as those to which you have ap-
plied youraelf with so much advantage to the country and
to your own reputation. I still hope to see that subject
attract the attention of Congress, and. in the establishment
of the corps, to furuish an appropriate occasion to the Gov-
ernment to avail itself of your services under conditions
equally conformable to your wishes and your deserts.
Very truly, my dear sir, yours,
JOHN P. KENNEDY.
Lieutenant M. F. Maost, United States Navy.
Smith niLD, .April 90,1846.
DtilSn: Tour letter of 96th March was received at
my residence during my absence from home on a visit of
several weeks, and has, therefore, remained unanswered
thus long. I sincerely regret the delay.
When 1 entered upon the duties of Secretary of the Navy
you were at the bead of the Observatory, at Washington, as
superintendent. Tbe post you occupied is one of the highest
importance and interest to the naval service of the United
States. Under an able and efficient administration of its
duties, it has and will confer important benefits, not only
on the Navy, but on tbe enure commercial interests of the
com try. It requires, however, that the superintendent
sfcoatd posse is the acquirements, habits, and tutes of the
scholar and man of science, as well as those of the officer
and seaman.
I found you in the office, fhmiliar with all its details, and
fulfil ling the duties assigned you, with constantly increas-
ing labor, enthusiasm, and success, in tbe midst of investi-
gations and researches that then promised, as they have
since conferred, great practical benefit on the service to
which you belong, and lasting honor on the country and
age in which ym live. No imperative demnnd for sea
service required your detachment from the Observatory;
and on no duty, either ashore or afloat, could your services
have been as valuable to the country, or as distinguishing
and honorable to your profession, as that to which you
have been so long assigned.
With tbe highest consideration and regard, I am your
most obedient servant,
WM. BALLARD PRESTON.
Lieutenant M. F. Mmt, Washington, D. C.
The honorable Senator from Delaware neither
admitted nor denied that Lieutenant Maury was
a man of Bcience, but he seemed to think that his
pretensions in that respect are entitled to no
great consideration. He stated that, in the opinion
of his fellows, there were officers in the Navy
even his superiors in science—Wilkes, Davis,
Gohlsborough,and others, some of whom I know
have long enjoyed the reputation ofmenofscience;
and the country will rejoice to learn that the Navy
can boast many officers who are Lieutenant
Maury's superiors in scientific attainments; and
when those officers shall have illustrated the na-
ture of science, in its practical application to great
objects, more successfully, and with more benefi-
cial results to the whole tfrorld, than he lias done,
I trust that just appreciation of their merits, and
the good fortune which has placed them in their
present enviable position, will continue to ad-
vance them to still higher rank and conaidera-
tion. But, though it may be true that Lieutenant
Maury has his superior in science, does that jus-
tify his exclusion from the active list of the Navy,
and out of the line of promotion? Lieutenant
Maury raises no question of superiority in
science between him and his brother officers. He
has never set up any such pretensions as the
Senatorfrom Delaware ratherinsidiously ascribed
I to him, by quoting a sentence from his memorial,
! and perverting it into a claim to be the impersona-
tion of science. Lieutenant Maury simply claims
the interposition of Congress to do him mere jus-
tice according to his just deserts, though they may
be inferior to those of other officers of the Navy.
Sir, I think it is manifest, from the tenor of the
remarks of the honorable Senator from Delaware
and others, that they have no just appreciation,
or even knowledge, of the extent and value of
. Lieutenant Maury's public services. Look at a
■ single instance. When the discovery of gold in
California gave rise to an immediate, extensive,
] and profitable trade between the Atlantic States
■ and that Territory, the sea passage between those
' points could not be made upon an average in less
than one hundred and eighty days. By Lieuten-
ant Maury's investigations of the winds and cur-
rents in the parts of the sea traversed in making
that passage, he reduced the voyage to an average
of about one hundred and thirty-five days, and in
particular instances as low as ninety days. The
merchants of New York manifested a just estimate
of his services in offering him $5,000. The British
Association for the Advancement of Science—a
body of men eminently distinguished for science
themselves, and most distinguished for encour-
aging it in all others by every means in their
power—have pronounced, on two several occa-
sions, that they consider the benefits derived to
the commerce of Great Britain alone, by the labors
of Lieutenant Maury in shortening sea passages
and lessening the dangers of navigation, worth
*10 ,000,000 annually. 1 will say nothing of the
benefits to American commerce and navigation.
Many of the most considerable maritime States
of Europe have, in the most flattering manner,
signified their gratitude and respect for his emi-
nent services.
Sir, whether Lieutenant Maury has his superior
in science in the Navy I do not pretend to judge.
That he is certainly a man who has developed
great practical truths, and conferred inestimable
benefits upon his country and the whole civilized
world, there can be no question. I leave it for
others to say how much science thqge is in what
he has done. If Lieutenant Maury is inferior
to other officAs in the Navy in scientific attain-
ments, he has certainly been very fortunate in his
application of those departments of science to
which he has devoted his attention. Sir, I will
not trespass longer on the attention of the Senate.
SLAVERY—KANSAS—PARTIES THEREON.
SPEECH OF HON. A. E. MAXWELL,
OF FLORIDA,
In thk House of Representatives,
Mm; 1,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. MAXWELL said:
Mr. Chairman: I will continue the discussion
which Was renewed a few days since by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] and has been
kept up by other gentlemen on the same side. We
may attach what importance we please to other
matters, but it is impossible not to see" that the
subjects of that discussion—questions connect-
ed with the rights of the southern portion of this
Union, and with the government of Kansas, are
to overshadow all others. Tliey do overshadow
all others here, and every preparation abroad
shows that they are to do the same elsewhere, at
| least for several months to come. Nor do I won-
: der at this; for they are questions not only big
1 with the fate of parties, but perhaps involving the
( fate of our Government itself. I shall address
myself to those questions, considering not only
our duty here, but having reference also to the
action of the; people in the coming elections.
If, before I heard the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Stanton,] and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Ritchie,] I had not already chosen
the line of remark to be pursued by me, I could
not better maintain the cause I have risen to ad-
vocate than by presenting the counter view as to
the historical facts upon which they dwelt. Had
I given my mind to the investigation of those
facts, I should have applied this test at the outset:
whether, in the legislation of Congress, in all that
line of what is called continuous legislation to the
same end, there has been in any one instance,
except in that of the Missouri restriction, legis-
lation which was destructive of existing rights,
or prohibitory of the exercise of such rights ? It
is my belief, as educed from the history of legis-
lation in respect to Territories, that, with the
single exception named, Congress has declined
to exercise any power to destroy the rights, or
to prohibit the exercise of rights, claimed by the
southern portion of the Union.
Those gentlemen have pointed us to the action of
Congress very soon after the adoption of the Con-
j stitution, in passing a bill to authorize a territo-
| rial government for the Northwestern Territory;
; but in that nothing was said about that part of
the ordinance of 1789 which prohibited slavery
; there. This was simply declining, on the part of
Congress, to touch the subject—to legislate upon
the subject at all—acting, I presume, upon the
idea, that the solemn compact between the State
of Virginia and the then existing Government
of the United States ought to be held binding
upon the subsequent Government. It cannot be
justly inferred from this, that Congress acted
upon the belief, that the Constitution authorized
it, of its own proper power, to deal adversely with
slavery. And so, I think, it would be found, in
reference to other instances of legislation: it has
all along declined to act against slavery, although
often importuned thereto; and hence the contin-
uous line of precedent claimed as having estab-
lished the power in Congress to legislate slavery
out of the Territories, or to reach it otherwise,
does not in fact exist. Nor has its exercise of
power upon other important matters, such as
nave been mentioned to prove full and unlimited
power overall matters in the Territories, gone to
the extent insisted upon as to this; for, in regard
to them, its action has been protective of rights,
and therefore must be distinguished from action
against slavery, inasmuch as that would be de-
structive of rights. Congress, in all its legislation,
must act with a view to the ends of the Govern-
ment, and, looking strictly to those end8,it would
be difficult to show that it has any business in the
way of shaping the domestic character of either
1 Territorial or State institutions.
I But, as I before said, my mind having been di-
| rected to other aspects of the questions before us,
| i shall not pretend to offer anything like a full
reply to the views of the gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Ritchie] ana Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,]
I as to the proper teachings of past legislation by
i Congress. There has been heretofore such a dif-
! ference of opinion as to the purport of past legis-
lation, and as to the views of certain leading
fathers of the Republic—both sides claiming these
for authority to sustain their own respective con-
flicting views—and there is so wide a difference
now, that it is hardly probable that discussion of
these points at this time will come any nearer to-
wards adjusting them. W e cannot agree as to what
has been the purport of that legislation, or as to
what Washington or Jefferson would do, if called
to heal our present division; and hence I prefer to
pass all such questions, and to go at once to deal
with facts, opinions, prejudices, passions, and all
this complex web of difficulties, as they actually
exist, shaking and distracting the country.
Primarily, the difference between those who
are in controversy upon the slavery question is to
be found in their conflicting views of the nature,
justice, and propriety of slavery itself. Northern
belief holds it to be an evil ana a curse; while in
the South it is regarded as no offense against
either the laws of God or humanity; and since
discussion has been forced to the subject, and we
have been driven to examine it, not only as con-
nected with the social and economical interests
of the white race, in regions where slavery most
naturally thrives, but in the light of facts which
