2106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 14,
military superintendence. I would put the public
buildingsand the improvements of harbors under
the control of the Department of the Interior,
and under the direction of civilians.
Sir, J have here a letter written by Mr. Buch-
anan on the 12th of July, 1849, in which the
same doctrine that the House of Representatives
has sustained is maintained; and 1 hope the Sen-
ator from Maryland, who has just avowed his
intention to support that gentleman for the Pres-
idency, will sustain the opinions avowed by him
as early as 1842, to a portion of his own constit-
uents. In a letter of that date, written in the
Senate Chamber, Mr. Buchanan says:
Senate Chamber, July 1*2,1842
Dear Sir: The pressure of public business has pre-
vented me from acknowledging the receipt of your letter at
an eailier day. I cheerfully espouse your cause. I am
clearly of opinion that the workmen at our armories ought
to be placed under a civil and not military superintend-
ence; and I sincerely regret that a majority of the Senate
have thought differently. In what manner the question may
toe decided by the House I cannot anticipate, yet I fear the
re&ult. Yours, sinceieiy,
JAMES BUCHANAN.
If I understand this question of the enlarge-
ment of the Capitol, the estimates were made by
Mr. Walter, to cost $2,600,000. President Fill-
more, in consultation with the proper committees
of the Senate and House of Representatives, en-
tered upon that work, and committed it to the
care of the Department of the Interior. When
the present Administration came into power, the
work was taken from the Department and placed
under military superintendence. Changes have
been made: these changes have cost vast sums
of money. The$2,600,000 have bcenall expended
exceptinga few dollars that may last, perhaps, two
or three weeks; and now Captain Meigs comes
to Congress and asks for an additional appropri-
ation to the $2,600,000 first estimated to com-
plete the building, of $2,835,183 34. This sum,
he says, is to complete the building; and it does
not include the dome, which will cost more than
a million of dollars, as I venture to say that dome
will cost $1,500,000.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Allow me to state a fact
to the Senator from Massachusetts, or rather to
make an inquiry. ' Does he not know that the
dome was commenced without the advice, and
not only without the recommendation, but against
the opinion, not merely of the Secretary of War,
but of Captain Meigs ? It is one of the congres-
sional jobs.
Mr. WILSON". That may be so; it is so. It
so happens, however, that the Secretary of War
recommended that these wings should be placed
at a distance from the main building in order that
the Hall of the House of Representatives might
be, at least, ventilated by windows on throe side«.
A change has been made, and the Hall of the
House of Representatives is not ventilated at all
by side windows. I do not know, I cannot tell,
1 doubt whether any member of the Senate can
tell, whether that plan will work well or not.
There has been mismanagement somewhere, or
the architect miscalculated greatly the cost of the
building. It was estimated to cost $2,600,000.
That sum has been expended, and $2,835,000 are
asked; and I have no idea that amount will com-
plete it.
The Senator from Pennsylvania alludes to the
committee of investigation that has been raised
by the House of Representatives. The Senator
makes the charge that this is for partisan pur-
poses. Well, sir, I do not know that it may not
be so. A great many acts are performed here
for partisan purposes hardly worthy of the Senate
or of the House. We had an illustration of the
littleness and meanness of partisan warfare the
other day in the resolution of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler.] But, sir, cora-
Elaints have been made in regard to your public
uildmgs, not only in Washington, but in the
country, and the House of Representatives have
raised a committee of investigation. The Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania undertakes to tell us what
the result will be. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania does not know what the evidence before
that committee is, for that evidence has not been
presented to the House, the Senate, or the coun-
try. It may exonerate all the persons connected
with the Government, or it may implicate persons
connected with this Government, and show that
dishonesty has ruled the counsels of some persons
high in office. That there has been extravagance
in regard to this Capitol, and other buildings in
the city of Washington, and in the country, no
man of common intelligence doubts for a single
moment. That these extravagances and mistakes
ought to be corrected should be admitted by all;
and that correction must be applied by Congress.
The House of Representatives has performed
another act. They have arrested the completion
of the aqueduct for this city. I believe that, if
that aqueduct had been commenced as it ought
to have been commenced, adapted to the real and
future wants of this capital, the House of Rep-
resentatives would have sustained it; but it was
commenced on a grand and magnificent scale,
capacious enough to furnish water to supply the
largest capital In the world—three times larger
than the aqueduct to supply the great city of New
York. The House of Representatives has ar-
rested this extravagance; and it deserves the
thanks of the country for arresting a scheme that
would have cost millions for its completion.
I know nothing about Captain Meigs. I never
saw him. I have no charges to make against
him. But I shall vote on this, as on all other
questions, to place "the erection of the public
buildings of the country under the contiol of the
Secretary of the Interior, and under civil super-
intendence. I am tired of this military domina-
tion. That Department of this Government rules
everywhere now; it is put everywhere, now: and
under the dictatorial and dominating chieftain,
who administers that part of the Government, I
feel we have now little else in this Government.
Mr. PEARCE. There is a single remark I de-
sire to make, which it seems to me I should make
before the debate progresses further. I do not
mean to enter into the argument, though there is |
abundant room for it. In regard to estimates of:
the Capitol, it is very true, as iias been stated, that '
the original estimate ofMr. Walter was $2,600,000.
That was not Captain Meigs's estimate at all.
That estimate, I am persuaded, was made upon
the bids that were offered. There was a bid for
marble work of, 1 think, some seven hundred thou-
sand dollars; but it so turned out that the marble
was not the sort proper to be employed, and it
was adjudged on a very careful examination by a j
scientific commission that this was not the best
material, and that it was advisable to procure !
a closer-grained marble than that which was of- j
fered, and upon which this estimate was made, j
The marble being obtained from another place, !
the contractor who made that bid contended that
he had a right to have the contract for labor, as
his bid for labor was lower. He got that contract
for labor; and for the labor alone which has been
put on this marble, he has been paid half a million
dollars, which shows that the estimate on which
he made his bid of the cost of the marble work,
was purely a conjectural one, without any just
calculation of what the actual cost would be.
Captain Meigs, as I said before, has made no
estimate at all. He is not chargeable, I take it,
with the estimate made by the gentleman who is
still employed as the architect; and even the esti-
mate of the latter may well be justified under the
circumstances which I have mentioned.
But letme call the attention of the Senate to one
fact. These new wings are going to occupy more
space than the old Capitol—indeed nearly double
as much. They are builtof richermaterial,accord-
ing to the provisions of the act of Congress. They
are made in the most eX2>enslve and elegant style
of art. It is natural to suppose, therefore, that
they would cost more; but can anybody tell me
what this building cost? I am not speaking pre-
cisely, but I am very sure I am not wrong when
I say it cost over three millions of dollars, ex-
ecuted at a time when labor was much lower than
it is now; and the stone of which it was built was
| the cheap, loose, friable sandstone that comes
j from the Potomac. Now we build the wings
j of costly marble, .which comes several hundred
; miles, which has to travel overa railroad ono hun-
i dred miles before it gets to navigation. See what
' a vast difference there is in that alone ! If, with
the material so much inferior and cheaper, this
building cost us over three millions of dollars,
built as it is of unsightly sandstone, and finished
in a great many instances without any view to
architectural ornament, but with plain plaster and
whitewash, is it at all extravagant that the new
building, so much finer, and of so much better
material, and in a style of such artistic excel-
lence, should cost $5,000,000? 1 will venture
to say, that no one believed, when the estimate of
$2,600,000 was made, that it was to be built for
such a sum. I never believed it. As for the idea
thrown out, that nobody of common sense can
believe but that there are vast abuses and extrava-
gance, I can say nothing, except that, if I be a
man of common sense, there is one at least does
not think that there has been such extravagance.
I believe, on the contrary, the work has been ex-
ecuted with a singular degree of accuracy and
economy. 1 think it is an honor to the gentle-
man who is employed, and he should not be
robbed of this. He is a captain of engineers
with a salary of only $1,800 per annum. That
is all you give him for toil such as no officer in
your scrvice undergoes, and ever did undergo, in
civil employment. Many and many a time has
that gentleman worked fifteen or sixteen hours
a day at the various employments devolved on
him by these superintendences—and working for
what? You would give $10,000 a year 10 n civil
engineer for it. What is he to get by it? Fame.
His is one of those superior minds to whom glory
is its own reward, who scorns all meaner views.
Had he been a man of different sort, it would
have been an easy matter for him to be released
from this work, and go down to little Fort Madi-
son, on the Severn, where about $10,000 were to
be expended, and cam his $1,800 a year without
an hour's work a day; but for honest fame, the
fame due to a man of genius and taste and incor-
ruptible integrity, he has sacrificed the best years
of his life in the hardest work, I will venture to
say, ever performed under this Government, in
similar service, and for that he gets $1,800 a year
—as much as one of your messengers who car-
ries papers from the Capitol down to the Depart-
ments !
Mr. BRODHEAD. In alluding to this subject,
and charging extravagance on the part of those
having controlof the Capitol extension, the dome
is constantly referred to. Now, sir, the Capitol
extension is under the control of the Secretary of
War, and Captain Meigs is the active superin-
tendent. Neither of these gentlemen had any-
thing to do with recommending this dome. I
have before me a letter from the Secretary of
War, in which he says:
"This work was authorized by Congress upon plans
adopted by a committee, without any consultation with this
Department."
That is the way you treated a department of this
Government, to whom you had given the charge
of the Capitol extension. The dome was com-
menced before the wings were completed, and
that, too, m pursuance of an enactment by the
wisdom of Congress 1 There is no wisdom in it,
sir. He further says:
" A* the queries propounded on the part of the committee
would seem to imply that certainmvestigations should have
been made by this Department before the plan of the new
dome was submitted, it may not be improper to state, that
the Congress decided to remove the existing dome and to
construct a new one according to a plan specified m the act
of appropriation, without an expression of opinion on the
pait of this Department, either as to the purpose for which
the appropuation was made, or the architectural design ac-
cording to which it was to be expended.5'
This dome was not only commenced without
consulting the head of the Department having
charge of the Capitol extension, but against his
opinion; and yet Captain Meigs and the War
Department are constantly charged with this ex-
travagance.
Now, sir, in regard to the testimony before the
committee of the House of Representatives, to
which the Senator from Massachusetts referred.
He says no person can know what that testimony
is, or what it will result in. It was not taken in
a corner; and I undertake to say, notwithstand-
ing they have not submitted it to the House of
Representatives; notwithstanding the House of
Representatives have rendered judgment upon it
without having read it there,—it is known to the
public, and it does not touch the integrity of
either the Secretary of the Treasury or Captain
Bowman.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator from Penn-
sylvania allow me to ask a question?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. 1 ask the Senator how he
knows what the evidence taken before that com-
mittee is? It was taken in secret, and no report
of it has ever been made. Will the Senator tell
me how he knows anything about it ?
