m
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
February 26,
J
▼ n
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing:, was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Sidney
Wkbste>r, his Secretary.
APPROPRIATION AND DEFICIENCY BILLS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, introduced the following
bills; which were severally read a first and second
time by their respective titles, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed:
A bill to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending June
30, I85fi:
A bill making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the year ending June
30, 1&57; and
A bill making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending June 30, 1857.
Mr. SEWARD addressed the Chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I propose now to move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I, however, withhold the mo-
tion for a moment, for the accommodation of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Seward.]
- Mr. SEWARD. It is known that, at the time
the election of Speaker of the House took place,
I was absent from the city. Certain papers in
my own State and elsewhere have thought proper
to charge me with a dereliction of duty upon that
occasion. I propose, therefore, to say something
of the views I entertain upon the subject, and to
set myself right upon the matter.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I object.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal to the gentleman
from New Jersey to withdraw his objection. It
is a privilege which lias been accorded to others,
and 1 appeal to his courtesy to withdraw his ob-
jection.
Mr. PENNINGTON. If the gentleman will
say to the House that he will not occupy much
time, I will withdraw my objection, but if his
object is to make a speech I must object.
Mr. STANTON. 1 renew the objection. I
am satisfied that this practice of making personal
explanations does not result in any good.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir, I shall have to call
on the gentleman from Ohio to extend to me the
same courtesy that the gentleman fiom New Jer-
sey has done, and withdraw his objection. I do
not propose to detain the House long. It is a
privilege that has not been denied to any one here-
tofore, to make explanations of this sort, being
to some extentpcrsonal in their nature.
Mr. ST ANTON. Very well; 1 will withdraw
my objection.
Mr. SEWARD. When I left the city, some
days bcfoio the election of Speaker took place,!
had paired off with the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Perry.] Before I returned, however, the
time for which I had paired off had expired. A
colleague from Georgia then paired me off with
some gentleman from Pennsylvania, I believe, by
the name of Robison, for one week; but that
week expired before 1 reached the city.
Now, sir, the object of this attack upon me is,
to endeavor to fix upon me, acting.in connection
with the Democratic party, the responsibility—at
least in part—for transferring the present Speaker
to the chair which he now occupies.
I am sure, Mr. Speaker, that you never sus-
pected me of sympathizing with you in your po-
litical sentiments to any extent whatever. I did
not believe, when I left here, that the Democratic
party had the power to elect a Speaker; nor did
I believe that that party calling themselves Amer-
icans here ever intended that any Democrat
should occupy that chair. The event showed
that I was right. That portion of the American
party which had been voting for Mr. Fuller the
day preceding the election, voted, I believe, for
Mr. Aiken1, of South Carolina, and thereby in-
ducing a few of the members of the Democratic
.arty of the House to believe that, if the plurality
rule were adopted, his election would be secured.
A plurality resolution was passed.
The day preceding, upon the resolution de-
claring Mr. Aiken Speaker, the vote was—yeas
103, nays 110. Among ihe yeas were Messrs.
Fuller and Broom, of Pennsylvania, Clark,
Whitney, and Valk, ofNew York, of the Amer-
ican party. After the passage of the plurality
resolution, upon the fourth vote for Speaker, the
vote stands—Banks 103, Aiken 100.
The five named gentlemen would not vote for
Mr. Aiken, neither did Mr. Davis, of Maryland,
or Mr. CulleNj both southern Know Nothings.
Add the five votes given for Mr. Aiken before
the plurality rule, and he would have received 105
votes; add the votes from Maryland and Dela-
ware, and his vote would have been 107, four
more than Mr. Banks received when elected.
Take the absentees—Democrats and Black Re-
publicans—and they stand nearly equal—and it
will appear, if they had been present, the result
would nave been tne same. Now, sir, where is
the fault? The Democratic party is in the mi-
nority, and have been, and have, from the begin-
ning of the session, been assailed by Know
Nothings and Black Republicans.
The Know Nothings in council, in their recent,
convention, arraign the Democratic party before
the country; but they do not whisper a word
against the Black Republicans. Why is this, sir ?
Is it because the Black Republicans are better
Americans than the Democrats? or do they
wish to avoid a disturbance in the family? If
southern men believe that Black Republicanism
is wrong, why not in their national council de-
nounce it before the Ameiican people ? The coun-
tiy must judge of this. The Democratic party
passed the Kansas and Nebraska act, allowing
the people to regulate their domestic institutions
in their own way, subject only to the Constitu-
tion, and this is the cause of offense. This is the
repeal of the Missouri act which makes Know
Nothings and Black Republicans hate the Demo-
cratic party.
Sir, I have said to my constituents at home,
and I do not hesitate to say here now, that, if this
Government has got to be sectionahzed, a better
time has never been presented to the country for
it to take place than at this moment; because, so
far as the Constitution of the country, and the
institution of slavery under it, are concerned, the
Senate of the United States stands firm against
all attacks—coming from the Free-Soilers or Abo-
litionists of the country—made upon that instru-
ment, or upon that institution; and beyond the
Senate stands the President of the United States,
who would protect us in all our constitutional
rights. If this sectional issue has to be met, let
us appeal to the people next November—it will
be for them to settle.
Now let us look at the condition of this Amer-
ican party, as shown by their conduct at the
convention recently held m Philadelphia. I pro-
pose to show, bv their own resolutions, that they
condemn this Administration for precisely the
same thing for which the Black Republican party
condemns it. The very causes which carried the
present Speaker into the chair where he now sits,
arc the very causcs for which the recent Phila-
delphia convention denounced the Administra-
tion. They, therefore, as a party, stand upon
precisely the same ground in regard to the repeal
of the Missouri compromise, as the Black Re-
publicans themselves. Let us see if they do not.
In the thirteenth section of the platform of thatcon-
i vention, among the causes of complaint against
1 the present Administration, is this:
" Its conduct, as shown in leoponiwr sectional agitation
by the repeal of the Missouri conipioim«e."
Mr. Speaker, is not that the cause of complaint
made by you and by those with whom you act?
[s not that the cause of complaint made by the
Republican party against this Administration ? If
it is, then, so far as that question is concerned,
the American party and the Black Republican
party arc identical. And all I have to say upon
the subject is, that of those twenty-nine gentlemen
from the South who are members of this Con-
gress, who voted for that platform in the Philadel-
phia convention, ought to have cast their votes for
you for Speaker, to have carried out their prin-
ciples.
I want the country to understand, that twenty-
nine gentlemen from the South, in this Philadel-
phia convention, voted for this platform, while
only twenty-two voted against it. And those
twenty-nine gentlemen condemned this Adminis-
tration because of the repeal of the Missouri
compromise. That is what they condemn the
Administration for, and that is what the Black
Republicans condemn them for.
Then all I have to say to Know Nothing organs,
and to the Know Nothing party, is, that when
they charge me with being false to the institutions
of the South, in consequence of my not having
been here when the final vote for Speaker was
taken—when indispensable business and heavy
freshets delayed me in getting back to Washing-
ton, let them examine their own records, and see
how th-e'y stand. Let them see whether their prin-
ciples and the principles of the present Speaker
of the House are not the same m regard to the
Missouri compromise.
My opinion is that there is a sympathy existing
between the Know Nothings and the Republicans
of the country. That sympathy was manifested
a few weeks ago, when the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Cox] made a speech here, and called
Black Republicans upon the stand as witnesses .
to condemn tho Administration, and to ascertain
the position taken by certain prominent Demo-
crats in the last canvass at the North.
Mr. SAVAGE, (interrupting.) I wish to ask
the gentleman from Georgia whether he is in-
formed as to the fact, whether there was not, after
the election of Speaker, a caucus held, in which
the South Americans, as they are called, met with
the Republicans for the purpose of nominating
candidates for the offices of the House?
Mr. SEWARD. I have so understood, but
have no personal knowledge of the facts. If there
is any gentleman here who is informed as to the
facts, I should be glad to have him give that in-
formation to the House.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman yield to me for
a moment''
Mr. SEWARD. If the gentleman has any
facts to state, I will yield. I will not be called
upon the witness-stand to be interrogated.
Mr. COX. I do not intend to interrogate the
gentleman. I will make a single remark in re-
sponse to what has been said by my friend from
Tennessee, [Mr. Savage.] If there was such a
caucus as the one to which he has alluded, I was
not in it.
Mr. SAVAGE. I am informed'that there was
such a caucus, and that the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Paine] and the American mem-
bers of the Maryland delegation were present at it.
The SPEAKER. It is not m order for the
gentleman to caii members by name.
Mr. PAINE. I- have been called by name, and
am here to answer for myself. Let the gentle-
man propound his inquiries. I will answer them.
What is it the gentleman from Tennessee wishes
to know?
Mr. SAVAGE. I made a remark to the gen-
tleman from Georgia, that I had been informed
that there was such a caucus as the one referred
to.
Mr. PAINE. What caucus ?
Mr. SEWARD. I claim my right to the floor.
Mr. SAV AGE. I should like to know whether
there was such a caucus held.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I did not yield
the floor for the purpose of allowing the gentle-
man from Georgia to go into any extended speech.
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman did not yield
to me. I have the consent of the House to make
my remarks. I promised not to be long. If
gentlemen will let me proceed without further in-
terruption, I shall be brief.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
position of the "business of the House.
Mr. SAVAGE. I hope the House will let the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Paine] state
whether or not he participated in the proceedings
of the caucus to which 1 have already made re-
ference. I would be glad to have an answer to
my question. If I am wrong, I shall be glad to
have a correction made.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to the
gentleman's question being answered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
position of the business. The gentleman from
Ohio moved that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Pending that proposition he yielded the floor to
thp gentleman from Georgia to make a personal
explanation. The House consented. The gen-
tleman from Georgia is entitled to the floor; and
it is not competent for the House to say what is
necessary in order to explain the gentleman's po-
sition. if he yields the floor to other gentlemen,
however, he loses his right to it altogether.
