1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2im
1 Mr. BRODHEAD. That is just what I com-
plain of, that they acted on that testimony in the
House of Representatives without having it read
there. I know it is not publicly proclaimed, but
I deny the fact that it is taken in secret. I deny
that a committee of either House ever holds its
sessions in secret. They hold their sessions in
the committee rooms of this Capitol, open to any
gentleman who chooses to enter, and especially
open to any member of Congress. The parties
accused are there; the witnesses have a right to
say what they testified to; and ] undertake to say
those accused are willing and anxious that the
testimony should be laid before the public. The
result will riot only acquit the head of the Treas-
ury Department and Captain Bowman, having
this woik 111 charge, but will be highly credit-
able to them. That is my judgment.
Mr. BROWN. I have a very short speech to
make on this question, and it will be confined
simply to an assignment of reasons why I shall
vote to sustain the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Finance. If it were an original
proposition, I should be in favor of civil super-
intendence I think that is right, and I should
have preferred it. If we were now simply to de-
cide the question whether these buildings should
be erected under military or civil superintend-
enoy, 1 would take the latter; but that is not the
question presented to us.
Congress authorized the Secretary of War to
take these buildings in charge. Congress did not
restrict lum as to the choice of a superintendent.
He was left at liberty to take his superintendent
from civil life, or go into the Army for him.
Being a gentleman raised to the Army, he pre-
ferred to go into the service for a superintendent.
For several years the Capitol extension has been
progressing, and Congress has made no com-
plaint. Now it is said material alterations have
been ordered in the original plan of the building,
and gentlemen predict with great confidence that
the result will be a failure m the structure when
it is completed, owing to these changes. We
hear a great deal of this out of doors, and a great
deal of it m doors. I am incapable of judging on
a point like that; I know too little of architecture;
I know too little of this particular structure tu be
able to give any opinion as to whether these com-
plaints are well or ill founded; but this I know,
if these predictions shall be verified, I ought to
have the means of locating the responsibility. If
the work goes on to its completion, as it has gone
on thus far, and a failure is the result, 1 shall
know, and the country will know, whom to cen-
sure; but now, when the building is almost com-
pleted, when the material parts of it are already
done, or so near done as to be, we may say, al-
most completed, if you interfere and change the
plan, who wiil be responsible for the failure, if
failure occur? The War Department and its
friends will doubtless say, "if you had let our
plan alone, the building would have been suc-
cessful." The Interior Department and its friends
will say, "The original plan was so manifestly
faulty, that we thought it proper to change it. '
hi the conflict the country will never be able to
decide who is to blame. If, 1 say again, we were
laying the foundations of this building to-day,
and the question was whether it should be erected
under civil or military superintendence, 1 would
go for the civil department; but that is not the
question as it is now presented.
The complaints of abuse furnish to my mind
an additional reason why this amendment ought
to be adopted. Do we estimate character so
lightly as to throw, by our votes, a suspicion over
the reputation of all connected with the erection
of these buildings, upon mere vague charges,
thrown out loosely, for which nobody is respons-
ible except the individuals who utter them ? Sen-
ators say there has been great extravagance and
waste of the public money in the construction of
this building. Where is your evidence of that ?
Intimations are thrown out that there has been
not only extravagance,but something very nearly
approaching corruption. Where is the evidence
of that ? Congress has been sitting now for eight
months and a half. If there was anything extrav-
agant, anything grossly wrong, it was the duty
of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to investigate it—not in secret, but in
public; and long before this to have the evidence
published, and laid before the two Houses of
Congress. If I am to vote oWtestimony, I want
the testimony before me, so that I can pass judg-
ment upon it.
I think the Senator from Massachusetts pre-
sents his case in a very awkward position before
the Senate, when he comes here to tell us the tes-
timony has not been published, but has been taken
in secret, and yet calls upon us to govern our
action by such testimony. The Senator shakes
his head. Then, upon what are we to govern
our votes? Why is the action of the House com-
mittee brought in here? Why is it spoken of at
all, unless with a view of controlling the votes of
Senators? I do not know what they have done,
but I know what they could have done. They
could have concluded the investigation,and have
laid the testimony before us, and have had it
printed, long ago, if they had so chosen. I shall
take no leap in the dark in a matter which involves
the reputations of gentlemen occupying high offi-
cial and social positions in this country. Of Cap-
tain Meigs 1 know but little. He has the repu-
tation of being a gentleman. We all know he is
an educated man, and a man of high position
before the country, socially and in every other
way. Am I to give a vote here which is to reflect
seriously on his character upon the merest out-
side rumors, based upon nothing ?—" the baseless
fabric of a vision?" I will do no such thing.
If the testimony had been printed and laid
before us, and sustained any charge against the
superintendent, the Secretary, or anybody else,
then, just to the degree to which my mind was
convinced by the testimony, I should be prepared
to act; but I appeal to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, whether it is not asking a little too much
of us that we shall vote to discharge these super-
intendents, thus rebuking the Secretary of War,
and throwing suspicion over the character of
Captain Meigs and Captain Bowman upon mere
idle rumor? IVue, the Senator says the work has
cost more than the original estimates. The Sen-
atorfrom Maryland has given an explanation why
that is so; but, without any such explanation,
when, from the foundation of the Government to
tins hour, was any public work constructed with-
in the estimates? I never supposed the building
would be put up for the original estimates. I am
not at all astonished that they have been exceeded.
I wish myself (but it is only a wish, and one
which I have no power to enforce,) that those
who make estimates for us would do it in more
sincerity; that they would estimate in the begin-
ning for money enough, so that we might know
precisely what we were engaging in.
Now one word in reference to the dome. I do
not pretend to say where the blame is in reference
to that structure; but this I say, from the official
paper, that no committee of Congress ever re-
ported in favor of taking down the old dome and
putting up a new one. The official paper which
I hold in my hand shows that a single member
of the House of Representatives, when the last
hours of the session were wearing out, on his
own responsibility, brought in that proposition.
Being inquired of, lie answered promptly that he
was not speaking as the organ of any committee;
that he spoke simply on his own individual re-
sponsibility. The vote was taken, and it resulted
70 yeas and 70 nays, and the Chair voted in favor
of the proposition, and thus it passed, there being
present a very meager House, as you see, nearly
ninety members absent from their seats. One
hundred thousand dollars was appropriated. I
say, on my own account, that, this being the
amount of appropriation thus mad'e, I think it
would have been better, (while I find no fault,)
if the old dome had been let alone until Congress
decided whether they were willing to engage in
an enterprise of putting up a dome which is now
estimated to cost jjl,y50,000. I am not pleased
with that part of the work. I thmk the House
of Representatives in that regard has done well;
but here, what is it we are called upon to do as to
the two wings of the Capitol? I hope they will
go on, and go on under the present superintend-
eney—that there will be no change to confuse the
public mind as to who is to blame if there shall be
a failure.
Mr. WILSON. I will detain the Senate, Mr.
President, but for a moment. I stated that I
should vote for this change upon general princi-
ples. I made no charges against Captain Meigs.
I have heard no chargcs made against him that
have been sustained by any positive evidence in
this branch. I would not-utter a word here to
wound his feelings, or reflect upon his personal
honor or character. I vote to sustain this prop-
osition upon general principles, without any
reference whatever to the management of Captain
Meigs.
The Senator from Mississippi says that Con-
gress placed the superintendence in the hands of
the Secretary of War. He may be right, but I
think he is wrong. If I understand the subject
at all, Congress placed it in the hands of the
President, and President Fillmore placed it in
the hands of the Secretary of the Interior, but
when President Pierce came in, he changed it,
and placed it in the hands of the Secretary of
War.
A single word in regard to my allusion to the
evidence before the committee.of the House. I
do not refer to any evidence taken in that com-
mittee against the management of Captain Meigs.
I know nothing about the evidence in that com-
mittee. It has never been reported. I said that
the Senator from Pennsylvania did not know
what that evidence was. Now, sir, I will state
a fact, and I state it upon the authority of a mem-
ber of the committee who knows whereof he
affirms. The committee voted to take the evi-
dence in secret. Persons who had no business
there were not admitted. They voted fot that
purpose, that no garbled statement should go out
of partial evidence to injure the personal charac-
ter of any man. I think the committee acted
right. They were careful to guard the reputation
of men, into whose conduct they were making
investigation, until the investigation was full and
complete, and then the whole case will go out to
the country doing injustice to no one. That is
what I understand to' be the course of that com-
mittee.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 will ask my friend
whether they excluded the persons accused ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly not. They excluded
persons who had no right there—excluded persons
from taking portions of the evidence to injure the
character of the persons accused. The resolu-
tion was adopted, if I understand, in order to
protect the accused and prevent partial and garbled
statements from going out to their injury. They
propose to complete the investigation, and then
give the evidence.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask whether this Star
Chamber proceeding was resolved upon at the in-
stance of the accused ?
Mr. WILSON. I do not know anything about
it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. No, sir; they seek and
court investigation.
Mr. WILSON. Rumors are rife that misman-
agement, if not corruption, exists. The House,
asm duty bound, has taken notice of these rumors
and reports so prejudicial to the character of the
country and the honor of some of its officials.
Tlie committee, I understand, are acting with
prudence and with delicacy. I hope it will make
a thorough and complete investigation, and that
the trutliwill come out, let it acquit or convict the
persons accused by the reports in circulation,
prejudical to the characters of gentlemen con-
nected with the Government.
Mr. FOSTER. I am in favor of this amend-
ment; and, it seems to me, that something more
than general principles must guide the Senate in
their vote upon it. It does not depend, I think,
merely on the question, whether the public works
should be under civil or military superintendence ?
If that were the question, my vote wouldTie dif-
ferent; but it is not the question, as it strikes my
mind. It is stated here, that charges have been
made—and we are all aware of the fact—against
those who are now concerned in the work, and
it is said an investigation has been commenced
into the truth of those charges. Now, without
any report from the tribunal or body engaged m
the investigation, if this amendmentdoes not pre-
vail, it strikes my mind, we come to a result and
pass a judgment on simple rumor and charge,
without any investigation whatever. 1 am not
prepared to do that. I can, of course, give no
opinion in respect to the truth or falsehood of the
charges that have been made, except so far forth
as I may happen to be acquainted with the indi-
viduals against whom these charges have been
preferred. In regard to one of the officers, Cap-
