THE -CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
February 256,
provision shall lie made for changing the present
fire-arms, and for adopting some other descrip-
tion of fire-arms, and- some improvements upon
the old ordnance.
- Mr. QUITMAN. Does the gentleman con-
tend that the opinion of a committee of this House
of Representatives ought not to be had upon this
very important subject?
"Mr. PHELPS. I suppose that, if the gentle-
man from Mississippi had referred to the legisla-
tion of last Congress, he would not have made
that inquiry; because, at the last session of Con-
gress, we made an appropriation for a certain
axttbunt of money to be expended during the
fiseal year, for the purpose of introducing these
very.improvements into the fire-arms of the coun-
try. So much of it was to be expended as the
Secretary of War thought could be judiciously
expended, and as the public exigencies required.
Now, the Secretary thinks that the exigencies
require a larger amount of money to be expended
for this purpose than it was thought proper to
recommend at that time. If you pursue the usual
course, the recommendation for this appropria-
tion ought to come from the Committee of Ways
and Means, which has*the charge of all estimates
relating to these branches of the public service.
These are the reasons, Mr. Speaker, why I
think the message should be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr HOUSTON. I suppose, Mr. Speaker,
it is competent for the House to divide this mes-
sage; and, with a view to accommodate both
committees, I shall propose to refer so much of it
as relates to the manufacture of new arms, or to
the changes proposed to be made in the arms, to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and the bal-
ance of it to the Committee of Ways and Means.
I am satisfied that, if gentlemen of the Committee
on Military Affairs will look at this subject, they
will find that almost all of this message should go
to the Committee of Ways and Means. If a new
fortification shall be proposed in any communica-
tion to Congress, if a new kind of arms shall he
proposed in any communication to Congress, the
initiation1 of a proposition of that sort always goes
to, or originates with, the Committee on Military
Affairs. Any military defense which is not now
in operation, or may not be brought into operation
under existing laws—the increase of the Army,
the decrease of the Army, a cluuige in the grades
of officers of the Army or of the rank, or what not
—all of such changes or propositions to change
should go to the Committee on Military Affairs.
But whenever you sanction by law the meet ion of
a fortification, or any other thing, after it has been
once passed upon in the Committee on Military
Affairs, then it passes under the jurisdiction of
the Committee of Ways and Means, which is the
appropriating committee of this House; and it
does not again go back to the Committee on Mil-
itary Aifn.ii s.
Now, sir, I understand this message a little differ-
ently from the understanding which other gentle-
men seem to entertain of it. The message, asks
for a special appropriation for the purpose of arm-
ing fortifications and executing works which are
already commenced. It asks for appropriations
in addition to the estimates which have been sub-
mitted, and which are now before the Committee
of "Ways and Means; and these estimates, as 1
view them, ought to go to the committee which
now has charge of estimates on the, same subject.
The amount to be appropriated, does not depend
upon the change of arms alluded to in the mes-
sage. Whether the character of the arms be
changed or not, the appropriation, I understand,
is desired. If the Military Committee should
report adversely to the recommendation as to the
change in the character of arms, still the appropri-
ation is desired, because the Government desires
to increase the military strength of the country;
and that being so, my opinion is, that the amount
to be appropriated ought to go to the Committee
of Ways ana Moans, and ought to come up in the
appropriation bill for fortifications which that com-
mittee is now passing upon; and whether these
new arms are to be introduced, or the change is
to be approved by the Military Committee, is a
separatu and distinct thing. I propose, therefore,
that so much of the message as relates to the man-
ufacture of a new character of arms, or to a change
of arms, shall be referred to the Committee on
Miittary A (lairs, and that which refers to appro-
priations shall be referred to the Committee on
Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The first proposition is the
motion of the gentleman from Mississippi, to refer
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. LETCHER. I seem, Mr. Speaker, to
stand somewhat alone here, among the members
of the Committee of Ways and Means,.in my
views in relation to the appropriate reference of
the communications of the President and Secre-
tary of War. Now, I think that I am as jealous
of the fights of the committee to which I am
attached as any man on this floor; and I should
require, just as sternly as any other member of
that committee, that' every proposition which
legitimately belongs to it should be referred to it.
But in looking over this proposition, it does seem
to me that it does not legitimately belong to the
j Committee of Ways and Means at the present
time. Now, sir, let u's sec what are the objects
proposed to be effected by this appropriation of
$3,000,000:
" It has been our policy heretofore"—«ays the Secietary
of War—"to cariy on, gradually and slowly, the work of
preparation for military efficiency, both offensive and de-
fensive ; and in pursuance of this policy, the estimates of the
War Department, lrom yearto year, have been limited to the
execution of such work only as accordcd with the ordinary
means of our armoues and arsenals, with but a small force
of operatives in employment."
That is the first proposition as to the amount
of force now in the armories and arsenals of the
United States, and as to the necessity of an in-
crease of that force in order to meet the exigencies
which now present themselves before the country.
Well, what next?—
<{ The regular estimates last submitted to Congress are
bused on these consideiations. til view, however, of the
piopriety of assuring, at the eailiest practicable penod, mili-
tary elftciency as regards armament and munition;., (we
have it abundantly as regards men,) it seems proper that
more active and vigorous measuies >hould now be adopted;
that we should increase the capacity for production, and
the force in employment at our armories and arsenals; that
we should prepare, more rapidly, armaments and ammuni-
tion for our fortifications; that we should increase our sup-
plies of improved small-arms, by the manufacture of new
ones,*aml by the alteration of those of past dates of fabrica-
tion, including both the United States and State arms; and
that we should provide ample supplies of ammunition,
ac<?outermenis, and implements for the immediate and most
efficient use of the whole."
Now, sir, it seems that a contingency has arisen
which has callcd forth from the President of the
United States, and from the Secretary of War,
this recommendation to the House of Represent-
atives. What that necessity may be I know not;
but that necessity presupposes that, under exist-
ing circumstances, the manufacture of arms should
be increased, ammunition provided, and other
means resorted to for the protection of the country.
Well, suppose these various propositions arc
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Does that committee know anything of the ne-
cessity of augmenting the force of these arsenals,
or of the change to be made in the arms? Do
we know anything about the necessity which
!] may exist for " assuming, at the earliest practi-
|j cable period, military efficiency as regards arma-
i! ments and munitions "—of the necessity there is
:j for the increase of " the force m employment at
our armories and arsenals," and the more rapid
I preparation of " armaments and munitions for
j ourfortificationsr5' Do not all these recommend-
: ations legitimately and properly belong to the
II Committee on Military Affairs?
When the Committee on Military Affairs have
considered these subjects—when they have ascer-
tained how far the Secretary and President are
correct m their recommendations, whether there
is a necessity for the proposed increase—when
they present their views to the House, and the
House acts upon them, and determines, as a mat-
ter of course, that an appropriation is necessary
to carry out these purposes, and ask an appropri-
ation, it seems to me that the Committee of Ways
and Means are the legitimate and proper com-
mittee to consider that subject; but the first in-
quiry to be made in regard to this matter is,
whether the Secretary of War and the President
'•will be sustained in their recommendations by
the House ? If the Committee on Military Affairs
say there is nonecessityforthe recommendations,
then there is no occasion for any reference to the
Committee of Ways and Means of the subject
of an appropriation.
Mr. KEilT. I am not sufficiently familiar
with the organization of the committees to give
any advice upon the subject under discussion.
The gentleman from "Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
says, however, that he is very jealous of the
rights of his committee. I want to know if the
Committee of Ways and Means arc jealous of
work? If the members of that committee are
jealous in respect to work, I would suggest that
they take upon themselves, in addition to their
own, the duties of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, to which I belong; and I have
no doubt that two thirds of the members of the
House would cheerfully devolve their duties upon
them also. [Laughter.] 1 would also suggest
to the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
who, with that affable manner and sagacious
foresight which characterizes him, has shown so
much solicitude upon this subject, that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and the Committee
on Military Affairs be blended together, in order
that they may have the whole duties of both
committees devolved upon them, and I would
also add the duties of the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. 6rR. I desire, in support of the view
which I indicated when I was on the floor, to
read also the rule of the House which defines the
duties of the Committee of Ways and Means
At the last session of Congress 1 had some dis-
position, and so expressed my purpose, to test
| the sense of the House as to the absorbing pro-
| pensities of this Committee of Ways and Means;
] but my friend from Alabama knows very well
1 the reason why I did not then carry out that
: purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think my friend from
South Carolina has used a term that he did not
intend. He spoke of the <{ absorbing propensi-
ties" of the Committee of Ways and Means. 3
trust, in view of everything that has passed here
of late, he will not make use of that term. 1
suppose he means to say the tendency of the busi-
ness of the House to devolve upon that com-
mittee; and I have only to say in reply, that in
the last four years there is certainly no evidence
that the Committee of Ways and Means have
sought to appropriate to themselves any business
that did not belong to them.
Mr. ORR. There has never any single instance
occurred within my recollection when the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means have not sought to obtain
more than their legitimate share of the duties of
the House. What is the fact now? A message
comes from the President relating to a subject
; which, from its nature, from the very name of
the committee, must legitimately belong to the
Committee on Military Affairs. My friend from
Mississippi [Mr. Quitman] moves to refer it to
that committee, when the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] rises in his place and claims
it for the Committee of Ways and Means.
I desire to say—and I say it in perfect respect
to the Committee of Ways and Means, at the
head of which is my honorable friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell]—that, as a member of this
House, so far as I can during the present Con-
gress, £ am determined that the other committees
I of the House shall do their legitimate share of
I the duties of the House; and that the whole re-
! sponsibility for the legislation of the country shall
| not rest upon the Committee of Ways and
I Means.
The rule regulating and defining the duties of
the Committee of Ways and Means reads as fol-
lows;
" It shall be the duty of the Committee of Ways and
Means to take into consideration all such reports of the
Treasury Department, and all such propositions relative to
Hie revenue, as shall be referred to them by the House; to
inquire into the state of the public debt or the revenue,
and of the expenditure, and to report, fiom tune to time,
their opinion thereon."
Then comes a portion of the rule marked in
brackets, which is substantially contained in
another rule subsequently adopted, and which
should not be here. Ilgoes on afterwards to say,
in another rule:
\ " It shall be the duty of the Committee of Ways and
Meais, within thirty days after they appointment, at
e^Pry session of Congress, commencing on the first Monday
of December, to report the genera! appropriation bills—for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government; for
theAuny; for the Navy; and for the Indian Department,
and Indian annuities ; or m failure thereof, the reasons of
such failure."
But, sir, the 81st rule indicates very clearly
j what description of subjects are to come before
