2108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
August 14,
tain Meigs, who has charge of the Capitol works,
I am not sufficiently acquainted with him to form
an opinion. Certainly it is true, however, that
his public reputation ought to protect him against
any charge that has not received further investi-
gation than this.
In regard to the other officer named, Captain
Bowman, of the engineers, I am acquainted with
him, and it would require very strong evidence
to satisfy me that any charge affecting that gen-
tleman's honor, integrity, or ability was true. I
have the highest confidence, from my knowledge
of that officer, that such charges will not be found
to be true. In regard to his competency, as an
officer, certainly he needs no indorsement from
me, and—to speak with all deference to the Sen-
ate—he needs no indorsement from the Senate;
for, sir, I have no hesitation in saying, without
making any invidious comparisons between him
and gentlemen either in civil or military life, that
his superior, as a constructing engineer, does not
live in the United States, either in civil or mili-
tary life; and as an officer, and as a man, I be-
lieve his integrity and honor are as fair and spot-
less as of any man. Under these circumstances,
I certainly cannot conscnt so to vote, as I, with-
out really investigating the charge against him,
assume it to be true. I trust the amendment
proposed by the Committee on Finance' will be
adopted.
Mr. BUTLER. Captain Bowman has been
engaged for the last eight or ten years, I believe,
in the city of Charleston, superintending the erec-
tion of forts; and invariably, I iiave been told,
when persons in the city of Charleston desire to
select a commissioner, or any one who can throw
the light of intelligence on any public work, and
they have the option to apply to a civil engineer
or to Captain Bowman, he is the favorite. He
has given universal satisfaction, and is a man of
eminent ability in his profession. That I am
bound to say ill justice to him, from what I have
heard. I would like to know very much, before
I sit down, whom gentlemen intend to put in the
places of Captain Bowman and Captain Meigs.
We ought to know that before we vote to expel
them from their ofliceti. Bring in your men, and
let me see who they are. I dare say you have
them.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, for the construc-
tion of the I wo now additional wings of the Cap-
ital provision was made without proper examina-
tion and without responsibility. The first notice
I had of it, was on the night of the passage of an
appropriation bill. 1 voted against it for the plain
reason that there was no plan, no estimate, none
of those examinations which should be made
pnor to the construction of such an immense
work as this, so immediately to affect the legis-
lative bodies of the country. Somebody, by some
means or other, introduced into an appropriation
bill an appropriation for the two wings of the
Capitol, leaving the whole mntter to be arranged
in the discretion of the President. As I say, 1
voted against it. At the next session an attempt
was made to stop it, but I dislike that kind of
legislative vacillation- in the country, and was
opposed to stopping it, and voted accordingly.
But such a building as this ought never to have
been authorized by the Legislature without every
portion of the plans and estimates having been
previously minutely examined by a committee of
the two Houses. We utterly failed m our part.
There arc, in this clause of the bill sent to us
by the House, two distinct points. One is todis-
miss «liat are called military superintendents
everywhere, and the other is to take this work
from the War Department and put it in the Inte-
rior Department. There is no necessary con-
nection between these two propositions at all.
I here is no reason why, if you employ civil su-
perintendents, they should not be under the direc-
tion of the Department of War as well as under
that of the Secretary of the Interior. The Secre-
tary of War directs many civil agents in the per-
tormance of their duty; and if "he conceives it
necessary to have civil agents alone in this de-
wpn'h nt 0f- thje Gov'crament, they may just as
l,e superintended by the Sec-
w'hif thon atias the SecrKtary of the Interior.
Ae C,Klnge ' Y°U Ca""0t make
nar T, • 9Utan on the War De-
fhatTm ! ln^oss™e>as everybody knows,
that you can do it without a reflection on the
personal conduct and character of the head of that
Department, to which I cannot consent. I have
a high opinion of the Secretary of War, of his
intelligence, of his capacity, of his integrity, of
his fitness to do his duty; and standing here as
the friend of the Secretary of the Interior, which
I am, I hope, for the public considerations, and I
hope for considerations connected with himself,
no such transfer will take place. What position
do you put him in ? Here is the War Depart-
ment which has carried this building forward from
the commencement: as has been well said by the
gentleman from Mississippi, it approaches almost
its completion. The Secretary of War is ac-
quainted with all that has taken place. Now, in
the midst of the work, you transfer it to another
Department of the Government, compelling the
head of that Department to become acquainted
with the routine of business, and then you divide
responsibility, as the honorable Senator from
Mississippi has justly said, between the two De-
partments, and thus it falls on nobody. I repeat,
there is no necessity for this transfer from one
Department to another. They are equally de-
partments of the American people, and either of
the heads of these Executive Departments will do
the duty required of him by the President under
the provisions of the law, as there is a law for this.
But, what is meant by " military superintend-
ence?" It is a kind of catchword that is used.
Captain Meigs is a high and honorable man;
none more so in the whole country. I have
known him for years, and I believe he is as hon-
est a man as walks the earth, perfectly acquainted
with his duty. He has spent his life for twenty
or twenty-one years in the service of the country,
and passed through it with honor and without
reproach. He is a military man, to be sure; that
is, lie happens to be a captain of the engineer
corps. All his life he has had under his charge
the construction of works of every description-
one in my own immediate neighborhood. No
man ever employed by him uttered a syllable
against him, and no one else could. I ask, then,
what is meant? You do not give him any mili-
tary power. Captain Meigs has nothing to do
with the men at work. He does not go there.
They have their civil superintendents under him
—civil agents who direct them. He goes round
and sees the progress of the building. If there is
a defect, he points it out to the proper person.
He is not with the men; he has no time to be
with them; and, if he is with the men, will any
one tell me that he has any military power over
them, any more than if his parchment was for a
civil capacity instead of a military one ? any more
than if the seal of the Interior or State Depart-
ment was annexed to it instead of the seal of the
Department of War?
1 repeat, it is a mere catchword to talk about
"military superintendence." There is no such
thing in the country, except by military men over
military men. \ou send a man who happens to
be an afficer of the Army, brought up to the sys-
tem of construction, to build a fort, or an arsenal,
or any public work that requires peculiar capa-
city. Men are voluntarily engaged under him,
but he has no more power over them than any-
body else, and no more power than a civil super-
intendent. I say, then, it is a term unworthy of
the occasion. It throws a false aspect on the
question. It serves to get up an unjust prejudice.
1 repeat, Captain Meigs has no more military
control over the men than has the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, who has made the
objection.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
talks about the War Department being felt every-
where. I really do not understand this. You
will, perhaps, at this session make appropriations
by overruling the President's veto for four or five
works of internal improvement. You have not
made one before for four years; and they will be
under the charge of military engineers; but where
is all this great ramification that runs everywhere
in the country ' Where is it to be found ? You
have got a military academy, an honor to the
country, and I believe a useful institution, as we
have been shown in war, for the very officers
whom you educate there, carried nobly the stand-
ard of their country m the midst of the enemy
and they came out of the war honorably, and
with them they brought the fame of the institution
where they were educated. We educate engi-
neers— civil engineers of the engineer corps,
proper for the construction of forts, arsenals, etc.,
and topographical engineers for the survey of
positions requiring surveys, for the construction
of river and narbor improvements when they are
required. If they are fit for this service, why
shall they not do it ? The superintendent, who
is a military man, who has charge of the im-
provement of a harbor or a river, or any other
public work, exercises no military control over
the men employed. I may add that you have a
better hold upon them than you have upon civil
superintendents. They are responsible to a court-
martial; they are responsible in their commis-
sions; and I think it is very rarely in our experi-
ence that we have found a military man, under
these circumstances, who has failed in his duty
to the country. I shall vote in favor of the amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I am very
reluctant to say anything which can delay this
bill; but the course of discussion has been such
that I feel bound, in justice to those who have
been connected with the appropriations for the
Capitol, and injustice to those charged with the
superintendency, to say a word or two.
So far as these appropriations are concerned,
they were not made without estimates and con-
sideration, as the Senator from Michigan seems
to suppose. In the first place, an advertisement
was issued for plans, and a premium offered for
the best plan which might be presented. Then
it was left to the President of the United States
to select a plan—the exterior plan, of course;
because it was impossible at that time to present
a plan with all the interior decorations and ar-
rangements. That plan was selected by President
Fillmore. So far as that selection has been made,
there has been no change of which I am aware.
It is true there was some designation of the in-
tenor arrangements which has been changed
since, upon consideration, and necessarily it had
to be so; because, in the progress of such a work,
changes constantly suggest themselves to those
having charge of it, which it would be utter folly
not to make. These estimates were made, not
by Captain Meigs, not by the military engineer,
but* by the architect, who is a very capital archi-
tect—a very capital man in his way. He esti-
mated for one style of building, but it turned out,
in the course of the progress of this building,
that another style was adopted, that is, so far as
the decorations and the interior arrangements are
concerned, which are amongstthe most expensive
parts of the building. After that, an estimate
was furnished by Captain Meigs; and here, how-
ever hazardous it may be, I will venture the pre-
diction that, if no departure from the plan which
he has adopted be forced upon him, and if he be
permitted to continue it, he will bring the cost
within his estimate. It will be found that his
estimate does not far differ from what the Sena-
tors, who were debating the question at the time
when the commission was raised to examine the
foundations, said would be the ultimate cost of
the two wings—somewhere about five millions
of dollars. It was presumed, in that very debate,
that that was to be about the cost. That, as I
understand, is something like the cost which
Captain Meigs estimates, in the recent estimate
made by him. That is the only estimate which
has ever been made by him since he has had
charge of the work.
Now, sir, we know something in regard to this
matter from experience. We did not begin with
a military engineer. We began with a civilian;
wc began with a man who is a very capital archi-
tect, as I have said, but it turned out he did not
have the peculiar qualifications for superintending
and directing such concerns as this is—I mean
the executing part of them. All of us who were
here at that time know the trouble we had- The
workmen were quarreling. They were complain-
ing of injustice; contractors were disputing; and
finally Congress itself became so suspicious that
they instituted a board for the purpose of inquiry
into the efficiency of the work, so far as it had
been executed. The result of all this was a
change, by which the executive management was
l^ft to a military officer of engineers, and Mr.
Walter's services were retained as an architect,
it turned out that the engineer was not merely
fitted for the executing part of the office, but that
he was eminently qualified for superintending and
