496
appendix to the congressional globe.
34th Cong....1st Sess. Slavery—Kansas—Parties thereon—Mr. Maxwell.
[May 1,
Ho. of Reps.
of Kansas, insisting that the greatest of these is
the denial of their proper weight in the territorial
government, and the refusal afterwards to listen
to their wailing remonstrances ? Why, sir, what
remedy do they propose? All their righteous in-
dignation and swelling eloquence go for naught,
if they do not mean that it is a crying outrage
to impose laws upon people without their sanc-
tion. Proceeding upon the assumption that this
is the case in Kansas, what remedy do they pro-
pose ? A remedy, sir, that perpetrates the outrage
in a degree as much higher a3 is a constitution
higher than a mere law. No man will pretend
that the Topeka constitution was either mode or
adopted by but one division of the people of
Kansas. The other division, whether the greater
or the smaller, being a subject of dispute which
we have so far failed to settle, have taken no part
therein, and have refused to take part therein,
because the movement towards it originated in a
spirit and from a purpose that law-abiding citi-
zens could not approve. And yet this constitution
is to be taken as emanating from the people of i
Kansas. Where are the data to show that a ma-
jority of that people present it to us ? We know
that a large portion of them had nothing to do
with it. We know there are features in it to
which that large portion would not have con-
sented. But we do not know that that portion is
not a majority of the people, or that they would
not have had influence greatly to modify the con-
stitution to their own views and liking, if, under
a sense of duty to the existing government, they
had not abstained from all connection with it.
Shall we, under such circumstances, proceed as
though they had been fully heard and represented ?
Those who insist that we shall, are thereby con-
demning themselves, strangling their own relief-
cry, extinguishing their own guide-lights, or else
exposing the rabid insincerity with which they
treat this whole difficulty; and are the less to be
trusted, because of the shameless facility they
display to redress the alleged wrongs of their
friends by inflicting the same wrongs, only more
irremediable, upon others.
I did not suppose, until recently, Mr. Chair-
man, that this Topeka constitution would be
seriously pressed upon Congress. I do not believe
now that it is pressed with any earnest desire
that Congress shall ratify it. It comes here to
furnish another theme upon which to distort the
views and action of southern men and of the
friends of southern equality. It is taken up as
another machine, the most available for the pres-
ent, with which to manufacture agitation for the
political market. The signs of the times indicate j
that the old ones have lost their efficiency, that
the springs which move them are fast wearing I
out, or rather are discovered to be but the con- '
trivance of jugglery, and hence the necessity for
some new device to catch popular favor and pat-
ronage. The furor against the Kansas-Nebraska
act is subsiding, because the people have seen by
what false alarm they were misled in regard to it.
The repeal of thatact, or the simple restoration of
the Missouri restriction, so clamorously demand-
ed * short while ago, have failed to supply a
hopeful issue to slavery agitators, and they must
therefore try what virtue there is in this new
shift. That this is no mere conjecture must be
apparent from the recent floundering struggles of
the new-style Republican party in search of some '
ground for a safer foothold, and from the eager '
alacrity displayed here and, elsewhere in finally :
settling down upon the Topeka constitution. It;
 s taken as the best hope of its defenders for i
u ure party aims. Their battle forthe presidency
is to be fought upon it.
Well, sir, we have but to expose the distortion
of the true issue in this, as has been done in ref-
erence to other points in the, controversy about1
Kansas, and the result of the battle will only i
be shame and confusion to those who offer it. j
? °rA *rethe Pe°Ple   cannot be
that contempt and defiance of law and authority
WiU be sustained, or that a portion of the people
/femt0I7> Pjobably the smaller portion too,
will be permitted to impose a constitution upon
the whole people m which the other portion have
had no voice, nor even the pretense of any aeencv
directly or indirectly. A cause which upholds
Government, and at the same time carefully
guards the rights of all the people, must be a
cause that cannot fail in this free country, the
Topeka sages to the contrary notwithstanding.
But after all, sir, it is the slavery question,
lying behind these others, that makes the trouble
: which so much engages our attention. If we
could settle that upon an enduring basis, there
would be little more heard of the others. It pre-
sents itself at every turn, is forced upon us at all
points by the antagonists of southern institutions,
and we cannot leave it to be disposed of as their
prejudices and enmity would prescribe. Delicate
as is the subject, anil reluctant as we are to have
the even tenor of American progress disturbed
by its agitation, we are not permitted to pass it
by unnoticed. Though a fair and just basis of
settlement has been adopted, the aggressors seem
to be enraged all the more, and we are now driven
to put on our armor in defense of that basis. We
can now see why it ought to be maintained—
why we should to-day, and forever, abide by the
principles of the Kansas-Nebraska act in their
relation to slavery.
Now, sir, in view of the fact, that there is a
radical difference of opinion as to the nature and
justness of slavery itself, a difference which can
never be reconciled—in view of the fact that there
| is a radical difference of opinion as to what power
Congress may or may not exercise over the sub-
J ject of slavery, and in view of the further fact,
j which I believe to be as fixed as any fact can be
( which is yet in the womb of the future, that
: neither party will tolerate the entire enforcement
. of the abstract views of the other, the question
comes back upon us, how can we get rid of all
this difficulty? How can it be removed? I con-
fess I see but one way, and gentlemen may smile
j; when I announce it, for they will find in it but a
11 reiteration of the principles of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill. I see but that one way,and that is,
| t0 acknowledge the equal rights of the citizens of
the sections, and their claim to undiscrimiiiating
protection of their property, and to refrain from
interference with the local domestic policy of
either the Statesor Territories. I know these pro-
positions involve the very points which make
the strife; but when I see in them such evident
fairness, equality, mutual forbearance, absti-
; nence from provocation, honorable avbidance of
the causes of conflict, and reliance upon the peo-
l pie in matters which most nearly concern them-
: selves, and see in the movement towards any
I different course inevitable discord, and if pursued
inexorably, inevitable disunion, my only hope
is that the northern people will not continue to
sanction persistence in any policy founded upon
the reverse pro positions.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to know of the gen-
tleman whether, in the settlement of this princi-
ple, the South will surrender any of her claims?
What will she abate of her demands ?
Mr. ;YI A X VV'IILL. The South surrenders
nothing; but the settlement she desires contradicts
that charge which is made against her,and against
southern men, that they want to use the power
of Congress to extend slavery. We disclaim
that here and elsewhere. We not only do not
ask that Congress should use its power to extend
slavery, but we say that Congress has no concern
whatever with the matter, and that slavery should
be left free to take such direction as the will of
the people of every separate government in the
Union may prescribe, so far as they are locally
concerned, subject to rights secured by the Con-
stitution. And now, sir, what does the North
surrender by the enforcement of the propositions
I have indicated as so reasonable and just ? Noth-
ing. Will the gentleman tell me what she sur-
renders ?
Mr. STANTON. She surrenders the powers
which have been exercised by Congress from the
organization of the Government to prohibit slaves
m the Territories. That is what she surren-
ders.
Mr. MAXWELL. I commenced, Mr. Chair-
man, by the assertion, that a critical analysis of
the legislation which has been presented to the
view of the House, as showing the exercise of
this power, would show that, with the single ex-
ception of the Missouri restriction, such a power
has never been exercised as that which is destruc-
tive of property rights, or prohibitory of the free
exercise of those rights. What the gentleman
says the North surrenders, we deny she ever had
to surrender. ButI cannot go into a discussion
of that question now.
I will say further, as to the question propounded
by the gentleman from Ohio: the North insists
on the exercise by Congress of a power which,
it exercised in full authority, will strike so vio-
lently against the views of right of the southern
people, that they will not feel themselves true to
their interests and their duty, but as wanting the
spirit which belongs to them as freemen, entitled
to the protection of the Constitution, if they
should quietly submit. Even granting that such
a power does exist, let me say to the gentleman
that this controversy is now in a position to ren-
der its exercise fatal; and if it should again be
exercised there will be resistance, and the coun-
try will be brought into a struggle from which the
Union cannot escape without dismemberment.
That is my belief, sir. The South asks for the
exercise of no power by Congress, but only to
be let alone.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I want to know if the gen-
tleman means to say that, if this Government ex-
ercise any"acknowledged legitimate power vested
in it, it will through that action produce a disso-
lution of the Union?
Mr. MAXWELL. I do not say any such
( thing as that.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I understood that to be
i the sentiment.
; Mr. MAXWELL. No, sir ; oh, no.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Did not I understand
the gentleman to say 
Mr. MAXWELL. I will tell the gentleman
what I said, or intended to say, if he will listen
a moment. I meant to say that we denied such
power in Congress; but that if you were satisfied
Congress had it, and that it was its duty to exer-
cise it, and if it did exercise it, then, granting you
are right and we are wrong, nevertheless, with
our convictions, our sense of duty would hold us
recreant in not resisting.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I did not so understand
the gentleman.
Mr. MAXWELL. That is my idea—that
whatever may be your opinion about the power,
and whatever you may feel to be your duty, we
in the first instance meet you by denying the
power; and, standing on a denial, we say that if
you exercise it, you do that which comes in such
deadly conflict, not only with our interests, but
with that protection which we believe the Con-
stitution gives to us, that we cannot submit and
still feel that we escape injury and dishonor.
Hence, Mr. Chairman, impressed as th* South
is with the belief that the basis I have described
is the only one upon which there can be any safe
and permanent settlement of the controversy be-
| tween the sections, and recognizing in the prin-
ciple which defeated the Wilmot proviso, and
afterwards repealed the Missouri restriction, a
conformity to that basis, she is satisfied to stand
upon that principle, and determined, not more
for her own sake than for the sake of the Union,
which she would not lightly abandon, to hole1
fast the rights it affirms. Freedom of the people
to regulate theirown affairs, untrammeled by com-
mands from Congress, she must, at all hazards,
maintain, or else consent to be crippled, dwarfed
marked as the stricken victim of inimical central
power. But she cannot hope, of herself, to keep
the country to this; and we naturally inquire to
whom she can look for aid. It must be found
somewhere in the North—in some one of the
I divisions into which parties there are separated.
| Where? I will turn briefly to this inquiry.
First—though, let me say, that it is the enemies
of southern slavery who are pressing upon us
the issue—they demand that Congress shall legis-
late so as to curtail us of our rights in Kansas,
and so as to force upon the people there the sort
of institutions the majority here thinks best,
rather than leave this to the free choice of thos«
people. A.bolitionists and the Republican party 
the same in their hostility to the South—mean to
give no rest here, or in the country, till they have
abolitionized all the Territories, or have been
driven to cease their mischief by the condemna-
tion of the popular verdict. They present us tha
alternative of submission, or war to tlie utmost;
