1234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
council of the city have asked for. They have
only asked that moreciection precincts and more
time should be granted. I- am ready to pass such
a biil. But I am not ready to pass a bill, with or
without discussion, which shall establish a prin-
ciple unknown to our laws—the principle of im-
posing penalties on our judicial officers, to insure
their honesty m the administration of their official
duties. 1 am still more unwilling" to punish them
for failing to execute a law as a court may con-
strue it; in solving the question on which judges
and eminent lawyers differ. The honorable gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Mili.so.v] has stated that
two lawyers in Virginia, (Mr. Patten, and the
present attorney'general of that State,) agreed in
the opinion that a foreigner is entitled to vote the
moment he is naturalized. Sir, I will suggest
to the honorable gentleman from Virginia that
lawyers do not all agree with the authorities he
has cited. In the late contestin Virginia, to which
lie alluded, one of the ablest lawyers and jurist
in the State of Virginia (Mr. Scott, of Fauquier,)
expressed an opinion adverse to the one he has
expressed, and adverse to the opinion of Mr.
Patten, and to the decision given here by the
court. Yet, sir, gentlemen propose to place the
commmissioncrs of the elections, blindfold ,under
heavy personal penalties to execute a law m the j
construction of whieli judges and la wyers differ ! |
There is no doubt that tins hill derives its 1
peculiar force from its connection with the existing
Jaw on the statute-book. If taken independently,
it is only an insult—nothing moie and nothing
less. But. when taken jn connection with the
existing law, and its extrajudicial effect, and
exposition by the courts, its effect is to enact,
and enforcc by pains and penalties, a law which
the friends of the biil know they cannot exact
directly.
As stated by the gentleman from Kentucky,
the exist inglaw does discriminate harshly between
the foreigner who receives his naturalization j
papers the day before the election, and the young J
American who comes of age after the 'Us( r>f:
December preceding the election. Kwry person '<
who is a citizen oj Washington* (hat is, a resident, ;
n pt rson win- has ii is dnmieih tie re, whether for-1
<\ign or native born, whether a citi^'ii or not a >
citizen of the (Tnifed Stales, is, aecoiding to the |
laws of the corporation, required to be assessed !
and required to be taxed. It is the express judg-1
incut. of the court, in the opinion to winch I have '
already referred, that persons not citizens of the !
United iStates are liable to be taxed, and persons
riot citizens are entitled to have their names put
duwn on ihe poll-books; and win ti foreigners so
entered upon the books receue their naturaliza-
tion papers the day before the election, they are
fill11led to vole.
Mr. JOXJiS, of Ti*nm ssee. The net of JN4S,
" to continue, alter, and amend, the charter of
the city of Washington," provides that said cor-
poration shall have power to lay and collect a
school tax on every free male citizen of the age
of twenty-one years, of one dollar per annum.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am awaie of that; but it was :
not the law to which 1 leferred. 1
Mr. JONES. That act gives the corporation '
the authority to lay the school taw i
Mr. DAV'lS. I am aware of that. There is !
likewise a general authority to tax every inhnb- j
itant; but that is not the question. 1 desiieto;
meet the honorable gentleman on the law that he j
has quoted. Citizen of what' If citizen ot the]
United States, then the honorable geiit!< man is j
light. If citizen of Washington, tiien ihe < ourt
is right. The gentleman will abide by thejudg- (
ment of the court, over to which he wishes to
turn the commissioners.
Mr. JCVNEti. 1 say that if the court decide
that under that law the city authorities of Wa-di- ;
ington have power to tax an alien, an unnatural-
ized foreigner, though he may have been here for 1
tlnee score years and ten, then it makes an erro- ;
jieous decision. '
Mr. DAVIS. I have no doubt that that is my |
honorable friend's opinion. Rut we are legislating I
to make the opinion of the court the laa\ His j
pains and penalties arc unmeaning, unless con-!
nected with the decision of the court. This bill]
is unmeaning to everybody, unless taken in con-I
ne-iuon with that decision. The decision of the ,
court, however eironoous, is, for practical pur- |
poses, the truth. It is the thing which gives life i
to the gentleman's pains and penalties. Hear
the decision itself:
" The Naturalization Question.—The opinion of tlie j
court in this. ca:>c was yesterday pronounced by Judge Dun-
lop., who i eeited the points in the controversy and reviewed
the aiguments adduced by counsel. He decided, firstly:
that if residence as a cilizcn a year pievious to tlie election
had been intended to be required by the charter to qualify
a person to vote, it would have been so expressed in that
M*trumerit; but that such a requirement wouhl be the ex-
tension of the probationary residence of one denning citi
•zenship a year beyond the time callcd for by the law on ihe
subject. It was held to be the true construction of the
charter, that if the person is subject to the school tax and
a reMdent, he has a right to vote.
" As to whether the petitioner was entitled to be enrolled j
by the assessors as liable to a echool ta\, that depends on
the second section of the charter, which miys that 4 the
said corporation shall have power to lay and collect a school
tax on eveiy fiee white male citizen of the age of twemy-
onc year* and upwards.' fn the fifth section of the charter
U is requued to quality a man to vote that he must be a free
white male citizen of the United States; hut in the second
section (which gives the coiporation power to lay and
collect a school tax) it is stated that he must boa tiee white
male citizen, omitting the wotds £ of the United States.'
A foicjgner, without being a citizen of the United States,
may be a citizen of Wa>hm«ton.
■* Tn relation to the school tat, every child between five
and sixteen year* of age ha* a right of admission into the
public schools, whether a child of an alien or natuiahzed
em/en. The foieignerwho les-ules in the cay ol Wash-
ington is Mibjcet lo'the tehool tax ; and, a*? the petitioner
admits that lit; wa- subject to the school tax on the 3Nt of
DecentOfj last, it was the duty of the assessors to register
his n.one, wineh th( y have failed to do.
lk in ihe case of U. S. Waiiaeh,last > eai before the court,
it v.u-, held that where ihe p'lity was entitkd to be icgis-
toiedjmr tne a--.e-.so!-had oniifieu his name, lie should not
In' dcpiived ol'his l'ght to vote on piodueing the pioper
ptno! to 1 he conuniworieis of elections. The mandamus
now applied lot is to compel tin1 icgMer to enter the name
ot the applicant on rhe list; but the list having pa—ed out
of the h:mds of tlie a^osesors, by w hom it Wi« made, is now
in the hands o( the conmn--ionei s of election. They are
the parues lobe controlled ; hut this eouit could not operate
upon them by a mandamus. They are qua\i judges, and
are sworn to decide the qualification of voteis according to
then judgment and the law. Their duties are not mnnste-
lial,
<• Judge Moisell spoke brieflv, and onl\ as to the want of
j iuim! set ion o! the coml, on w inch point he fully coiiein red
with the opimoa expiessed by Judge Dmilnp.'1
Mr. JONES. It is an erroneous decision.
Mr. DAVJS. Krroncous it may be, but lo be
put ill fnt re.
Mr. JO.\rK£. I will, with the permission of
the i^'iiHi'iuaii, state thnt th" court which gives
that opinion will have no jurisdiction of the ease
under tins bill—the crhmii.d, and not the circuit
court, will have that [unsdu uon. |
IMr. DAVIiS. Aiui Hie genllcnnm wishes to ,
legislate on the hopeful speculation of a uiiferunee ;
of opinion between two (Coordinate iribunals in ■
the same district, and with no better protection |
than thai doubt against subjecting his fellow-eiti- j
y.enw, for an errorof judgment of law, to pains and |
penalties, to jail and fine. It is a mockery of all i
law; and yet, for being a trifle more careful of
the rights of our fellow-citizens, gentlemen are
here now threatening us with scenes of bloodshed
and murder, unless this law js passed. 1 am
willing to enter calmly and dehl>erau:ly into the
discussion of any bill ode rod by my friends on
die other side of the House. 1 hove protested
asabisL this combined rffoit of both sides of the
iiou'-c to forec bills through; I have uncovered
the pitfall into which gentlemen were walking
blindfolded, rashly, and thoughtlessly, in an
attempt to gel apolitical advantage. Let them
now, with their eyes open, jump m, if they desire
it. I ihmk—I honestly confess it—ibey did not
know it involved all those consequences; perhaps
they did not c:iro enough to think about it. It
shows whatm;iy be accomplished by the previous
cpU'stion, und« r wluUt the honorable t hauman of
the Committee forthe District of Columbia chose
to force the bill on the House. It shows how
this irng-law may bo made to operate. It shows
how the two wings of the Jetfersonian Republican
school carry out the principles of that great ex-
pounder of free principles. It shows how natu-
rally these long-divided, but now happily-united,
blanches of the Jelferson family move, as by
some pre-established sympathy, when an object is
to be attained, and reason is to be bound down,
and men's tongues are to be tied—till, in the dark,
tlicy arrive at the consequences which gentlemen
would shrink from when they are seen.
I have, said what I wished to say upon that
point. I desire to say that the bill is not, as the
honorable gentleman from Virginia said, in itself
unobjectionable, disconnected from the existing
law. I say it is a humiliation, it is a slur, it is
an insult to the commissioners of the last elec-
tion . If there be any portion of the country where
they have the control of judicial tribunals by judi-
cial penalties—if there be any portion of the coun-
try where thumb-screws arc the logic invoked to
control the convictions of men—then, sir, I have
the honor to say that it is neither in Virginia nor
Maryland where that example can be found; and
gentlemen must go from this portion of the coun-
try for a precedent to justify any such proceeding
as that.
I have no desire to postpone legislation upon
this subject. Gentlemen have found no factious
objection from me. I have interposed no objec-
tions to fair discussion; but I shall vote for no
biil, and will resort to every legislative expedient
to prevent the passage of a bill, conceived and
pressed in the spirit of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee. But whenever they give us a fair oppor-
tunity to consider this bill,*! shall move to strike
out the two sections of penalties a.s scandalous to
American legislation—as unfit for an American
statute-book. And if this House will not sustain
me, the House will bear the responsibility, and
my vote will be recorded against the bill. The
rest of the bill I am content with, and 1 make no
sort of objection to it in principle; though such
has been the hot haste to get up this bill, that the
section intended to secure one commissioner to
the minority is so carelessly worded as in some
contingencies to prevent the election of more
than two commissioners, when the law requires
three to conduct the election.
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to say that I would
be as determined as the gentleman from Mary-
land in my opposition to any bill that would sub-
ject to penalties a judicial oiiicer, or a qxiasi judi-
cial officer, for any erroneous opinion he might
express, and I therefore desire that the gentleman
fiom Maryland, instead of hurling denunciations
against that species of legislation, will favor the
House, or at least favor me, by showing what
would be the construction of the bill, and how,
if it pass, any of these commissioners would be
subject to penalties for an unwitting error.
Mr. DAVIS. That was the first point upon
which 1 remarked, and I do not desire to repeat
that argument. I said that knowingly," ac-
cording to legal interpretation, cannot mean know-
ing a conclusion of law, but knowing a fact from
which the court deduces <\ conclusion, and upon
the facNiis \v" know them to exist the two coordi-
nate tribunals are at issue, and good lawyers are
divided; and that this bill is intended to enlighten
the commissioners' judgment by penalties,fines,
and mipiisonmcnt; and I put myself upon that as
a legal interpretation of the word C{ knowingly.,J
I will now send to the Clerk's desk the remon-
strance to which I alluded some time since, and
ask that it may be read.
The paper was read, as follows:
i To the Honorable the House of Representatives of the United
! .States:
We, the underpinned, a majouty of the membeis of the
Roatd-. ot* Aldeimen and Common Council of the City of
Washington, do solemnly protest a<rain>t the passage of the
bill now pending before \our honoiable body, in 1 elation to
the right of tuiftage in this city. They bes leave fuither
to <tate. that the icpre-entations of the National Intelli-
gence], rhat the bill meets the appiobation of all parues in
tins city, is imti ne.
P. M. Pearson, Jackson Pumphrcy,
y. Yorke AtLce, John Rohlayer,
A. Baldwin, J. H. Peters,
M. (J. Kmeiy, John P. Tepper,
Janice P. McKean, John Tretler,
John T. Clements, John Ball,
James Towles, F. fc5. Evans,
John 11. McCutchen, John L. Smith,
Thomas f). Lloyd, S. 0. Busey,
Geoige R. Ruff, John Bayne,
John 11. Houston, Jonathan T. Walker,
Robert Clarke, Josiah Venable.
There is another paper, which shows the style
of interest the Administration takes in elections,
which, 1 submit, do not concern it, whether
locally here or across the border, to which I
desire to call the attention of gentlemen, in order
to see how closely they follow out Mr. Jefferson 'a
idea, that the Government ought not to meddle
with elections?
I read from the Union of November 4, 1855,
an article headed, Who will not Aid a Good
Cause?"
k-The Know Nothing paper? aie excessively indignant
because a collection wa?1 laised iu one ot the Depaitmentt
of this city for the purpose ot assisting the Democratic
cause m the city of Baluraoie at the approaching election,
