1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2109
directing' the architecture of the building. I ven-
ture to say that, whoever will examine into it will
find that this arrangement has worked well since
it [was adopted. It will be found that Captain
Meigs has discharged his duty well; and.I believe,
so far as the mere office of architect is concerned,
the same maybe said of Mr."Walter. We have
thus associated an admirable executive officer to
regulate and control the architect, who, too, is a
man of genius and science in his own way.
Now, sir, when this work is nearly completed,
to talk of removing the superintendent—to talk of
removing those to whom all the plans are familiar,
and who are responsible for them, seems to me to
peril and risk success of a great building upon
which an immense amount of public money has
been expended. We may lose not only the money,
but we may lose the very object which was de-
signed; for it was not designed merely to build
stone walls to form a mere house for the recep-
tion of members, but to build an elegant structure
which should reflect credit on the country whose
Capitol it was designed to be. Leave these gen-
tlemen alone, and let them complete the work
which has been intrusted to their charge; and I
believe, so far as I have been able to examine into
the matter, (and it has been my duty somewhat
to look into it from the beginning,) it will be exe-
cuted with as much skill, with as much taste, ay,
sir, with as much economy, if you look to the
nature of the ornaments, and of the material
which is employed, as under any other manage-
ment whatever. I am unwilling to risk all this,
to put all this in peril, upon the mere contingency
that we may get some one who may be better
qualified, or rather upon some general principle
that a civil superintenaentis better than a military
one. Why, sir, it is too late to raise that ques-
tion in this case. The work is nearly completed
under military superintendence. I believe that,
if the public is to execute great works, they ought
to be done by public agents, by officers under the
control of the Government; and therefore I do
not believe in the principle of civil superintend-
ence, as it is called, altogether; but even if I did,
I would not apply it in this case, not only on ac-
count of the interest which we have in the proper
construction of the building, but, as has been
well urged, from a sense of justice to these oifi-
cers themselves. Both of them are gentlemen
eminently qualified to discharge the duties which
have been imposed upon them; and I think it
would be unjust, it would be cruel, to cast such
a stigma on them without any evidence whatever,
toactupon some general abstractprinciple, which,
whilst we were pursuing in name one object,
would really inflict cruel wrong and injury upon
worthy gentlemen in another direction. Sir, I do
not believe they deserve this stigma; and, so far as
I am concerned, as deeply interested as I am in
the continuation of this Capitol, (and I am inter-
ested in it, for I had something to do with the
origination of the proposition out of which it
was called into existence,) sooner than see that
injustice done, I would rather see every stone in
the structure crumble into dust and ashes.
Mr. SEWARD. If I were to concur with the
House of Representatives on this question, it
would be necessary for me to protest that my
vote was not given on the ground of any political
objection to the two gentlemen who are connected
with the construction of public buildings in this
city, because it is said, and seems to be assumed |j
here, that there is apolitical opposition in that;;
House against those two architects. If I have 11
learned to-day what their partisan opinions are, ;j
it is the first time I ever knew that either one or ,j
the other of them belonged to the Democratic
party or adopted the Democratic faith. I think
1 may assume, on the whole, that I do not know
it now. I have watched these gentlemen with
considerable interest, and with the fidelity which |
became my trubt as a i epresentative of the peo-
ple, concerned- in a great public work which they
were carrying on. It is my duty to bear testi-
mony that I have found nothing to shake my
confidence in the capacity, or the integrity, or the
skill, or the taste, or the efficiency of either of
them. Now, Mr. President, I think that, if we
were to go with the House of Representatives in
this amendment after all that has transpired, we
should necessarily do these architects injustice.
Insomuch as it has appeared that an investigation j'
has been commenced, the results of which are 1'
unknown to us, that fact alone would determine
my going against the House of Representatives.
What reason is there for going with the House ?
It is said there is a principle involved; that prin-
ciple is, that the public works ought to be prose-
cuted by civilians instead of the officers of the
Army of the United States. This is only an ab-
straction, until you come to put it into practical
application. In this case, I think, it is clear that
there would be a probability of public injury and
inconvenience resulting from giving application
to the principle, however right it may be in other
cases; for, I think, we do know that, before the
extension of the Capitol fell into the hands of
Captain Meigs, it was not prosecuted skillfully and
economically: and we have no adequate reason
for believing now, that since it has been confided
to him it has been prosecuted otherwise than
economically and well. I am sure we can all tes-
tify, for it is the conviction impressed upon us on
all sides, that it is prosecuted with great fidelity,
with greatefficiency, with great success, and with
groat skill and taste.
1 think, then, there is no sufficient reason to
change; and therefore I am for leaving the con-
struction of the public buildings where it is, be-
cause I would not carry out a mere abstract prin-
ciple, at the cost of public inconvenience and
public loss which might ensue. In other words,
doing perfectly well now, for anything I know, I
prefer to rely on things as they are, than change
them for any results which may be less favorable.
Heretofore, when the principle of employing
military men was discussed here, in regard to
the armories of the United States, I have always
understood that when those officers were em-
ployed in those armories, there was a practical
maintenance of military authority and military
show that was disagreeable and offensive to the
people in the vicinity of those public establish-
ments. Believing that they were nothing but mere
manufactories of muskets, I have gone with those
who insisted that they ought to be intrusted to
the care of civilians, rather than military officers.
I would not have done that if there had been
reason to suppose that the public interest would
have been prejudiced by establishing that princi-
ple. l>ut when you come to extend that prin-
ciple to the prosecution of these public buildings,
and these surveys of rivers and harbors, it seems
to me that it is running the thing into the around.
Who is Captain Meigs? He is an officer of
the Army, indeed; but he is not now in practice
of the military profession, or acting as a military
man. He wears no epaulets, and he flourishes
no plumes in the face of any one; and I have
never heard that he gave any imperious com-
mands. He is merely acting as a civilian. So, I
take it, are all those persons engaged as topo-
graphical engineers in the survey of rivers and
harbors.
Now, Mr. President, we happen to have a Mil-
itary Academy which graduates civil engineers,
as well as military engineers and architects; and
they graduate for occupation in the Army at some
future day. God grant it may be a very distant
day when we shall require all their talents, all
their vigor, all their learning, all their energies,
and all their courage. Whenever that time comes,
whenever we meet a foreign enemy on our soil,
or an enemy on a foreign soil, I doubt not Cap-
tain Meigs, with all those other military men,
will be found marching to the music of the na-
tional anthem, under the national Hag, and waging
the national battles; but, m the mean time, we
have got no such war, we have no martial occu-
pation for these martial men. They are skillful;
they are educated; they arc practiced; they are
accomplished. How will you occupy them?
Throw them out of employments wherein therr
skill and their ability have been practically estab-
lished, and substitute in their places civilians
whose skill and learning have not been estab-
lished. That is the whole matter. I think it is
much more wipe to employ them hereafter as
heretofore. 1 trust that the time is very far dis-
tant—I wish to God I could hope there never
would be a time—when the officers of the Army
of the United States might be required to be
drawn from the coast survey, from the survey;;
of rivers and harbors, from the construction of ji
capitols and other public edifices worthy of the j:
day, and destined, I fear, to survive even the |j
existence of the Union, to be transferred to the ll
field of battle, either on our own shores or in
other lands. I think I am justified in giving my
vote against concurrence with the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. HOUSTON. Phave designedly abstained
from occupying the time of the Senate by any
remarks of-mine for some time past, because I
desired that the public business should progress
so that the Senate would not have to adjourn in
a bustle or with any important matter deferred.
This subject is one in which I have felt some
interest; and after the discussion which has taken
place, I should not deem myself discharging my
duty if 1 did not advance such objections as I
think exist to the general plan of selecting mili-
tary officers from the Army for the purpose of
discharging civil duties.
In regard to the particular instances which have
been discussed in relation to the extension of the
Capitol, and the construction of custom-houses,
and the Treasury extension, I think it is very
easy to obviate any objection by excepting them.
I think it is necessary to adopt and recognize
the general principle of excluding officers of the
Army from civil employments; and it is easy to
except the superintendent of the Capitol, and the
superintendent of the Treasury extension and
the custom-houses. I would make an exception
of those two gentlemen on this occasion,because
I believe them to be highly qualified to perform
the duties of the trusts conferred to them, and I
doubt whether their places could be well supplied.
Beyond these exceptions I cannot go, but recog-
nize the general principle of restricting officers
of the Army to the discharge of Army trusts.
To eiTiploy them in civil capacities is injustice to
the community in general. It cuts off all com-
petition. There is no encouragement for indi-
viduals in civil life to qualify themselves for such
trusts, when they are precluded, as they must
be, by the employment of officers of the Army.
If officers of the Army are to be selected for
the surveys of rivers and harbors, and the con-
struction of all public works, civilians will lose
the stimulus necessary to keep up that rivalry
and emulation which is beneficial to society and
redounds to the justice of the citizen. Why, sir,
you are told these are gentlemen of scientific
qualifications. Be it so: but their science is ab-
stract, riot practical. These are practical matters,
and require men of practical sense and experience
to accomplish them. It is not a gentleman who
has acquired all the science of figures on the
blackboard, and who has made the prettiest forts
for imaginary warfare, who can do such things
in practical reality.
Furthermore, these gentlemen are appropriate
to the Army. Their business is to fight in time
of war, and in time of peace to qualify themselves
for the discharge of their duties in war. If we
were to rely alone on the officers of the Army to
discharge all the civil trusts, and it should be-
come necessary to marshal our forces on our
own soil, or. to invade a foreign country, of
course these gentlemen will be withdrawn from
their employment in civil life, and ordered to the
Army; and what then will become of all these
improvements which require military men of
science? When you withdraw these gentlemen
whose science and knowledge have been appro-
priated to these purposes, you leave a complete
blank in the practical affairs of the country, and
nothing can be done that is necessary to be
accomplished in this way. But, we are told, so
many of these officers are educated, from time to
time, in the Military Academy, and if we do not
employ them in this way, they will be idle, if
they are educated at the Military Academy, it is
a preference of accident or design, by which they
receive that advantage from the country. If,
when they have received this education, they
do not choose to return to the walks of civil life,
but appropriate themselves exclusively to the
Army—I say to the Army—let them compete with
each other m everything that is officerlike and
military, and not block the path of civilians to
preferment and pecuniary advantage appropriate
to their spheres. Confine the officers strictly
within the trusts confided to them by the Govern-
ment, and give them a fair recompense; but let
civilians strike forward and compete for that
position to which they are entitled.
Mr. President, it has been suggested that these
men have borne gallantly the banner of their
