1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
W
34th Cong.—1st Sess.
Slavery—Kansas—Parties thereon—Mr. Maxwell.
Ho. op Reps.
&zh! we have no option but to accept it, and, I
treat, no spirit but to do the duties ot the trial as
becomes the manhood of sturdy freemen.
Who anions the men, or which among the
parties, of the North, must be relied on to aid in
checking their dangerous schemes ? In opposition
to their schemes, we must resort to the ground
to which I have pointed, as furnishing the only ;
#11 re and safe escape from all this controversy.
Who will stand there with us ? It is particularly ;
important that we should know; because the
ardor, fierceness, and strength of the attack we |
will be called to repel will be far greater than was
ever encountered oefore; and because the issue j
involves no less than the safety and permanency ;
of our Government. To " conquer a peace," the
triumph must be complete. J
J udged by all the rules suited to the ascertain- ,
ment of human action, there is but one party in j
the North upon 'which the country can rely in
this emergency, and that is the Democratic party.
Trace it through the past, and, however it may
have halted and wavered at times, it will be found
that history vindicates the assertion. Time will
not allow me more than a simple allusion to very
recent facts to sustain it. The Kansas-Nebraska
bill, which passed two years ago, and which
embodies the principle upon which alone the sec-
tional controversy can be safely settled, had no
northern supporters in Congress but from the
Democratic party. In this Congress, to which
members were elected amid the whirlwind of
popular excitement unjustly provoked against ;
that bill, there is no northern member but in the
Democratic party who did not lend his voice and
influence to sweep down those who had here
helped to pass it, and who does not now condemn
it. If it be right that Congress shall not interfere
to shape the domestic institutions of an inchoate
State, and if that be the basis to which we are
brought by the Kansas-Nebraska bill — if Xhis
basis be the only one upon which we can hope
to avert the inequality and injustice threatened l
by Abolitionists and Republicans—and if it must |
be maintained that the Government and the Union
may be saved from the dark vortex into which
the accomplishment of their purposes would
plunge it, now can the country rely upon any j
for these ends, whose position was that of antag- |
onism to the bill, rather than upon those who
justified it from the beginning, justify it now,
and have given every pledge of a readiness for
political martyrdom in its support for the future ?
But it is urged that the American party can
be even more safely trusted to put the sectional
controversy to rest than the Democratic. Upon
what basis ? Upon any other than that I have
indicated as just to the South, just to the North, !
and alike honorable to both sections ? You
have seen, sir, that I hold that to be impossible.
Then, why look to the American rather than the
Democratic party? Does its condemnation of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, which is now the
special object of attack by the Republican party,
endow it with special fitness to defend and main-
tain those principles of the bill which that Repub-
lican party denounce and intend to eradicate ? To
say this is to say that the surest method to accom-
plish a given end is to begin by giving excuse and
comfort to those who strike against that end.
This is an extraordinary pretension of the Amer-
ican party, as it vaunts itself and its purposes in
general terms, that it means to put an end to sec-
tional agitation. That its merit in such an under-
taking may be the more highly appreciated, it
assumes that all other parties, the Democratic
included, are encouraging and feeding that agita-
tion. Is this true of the Democratic party? Does
it seek to stir and aggravate sectional strife ? As
well might you say, sir, that the members of a
society who unite to prevent injustice and wrong
where rights under that society are sought to be
denied or invaded, are chargeable with the strife
that may ensue, as to say that this charge against
the Democratic party is correct. That party takes
no cognizance of sectional questions till some
voice is raised to sound a note of attack upon a
sectional interest. It takes no step in the direc-
tion of sectional issues till called to defend some
sectional right. It adds no clamor to any sec-
tional agitation till its high and strong words are
drawn out in resistance to sectional injustice.
Let me ask gentlemen of the American party,
especially those of the South, whether they hold
it proper to do less? — whether they, when a
Wilmot proviso is threatened, or a Missouri re-
striction sought to be perpetuated, both denying
the equal privileges^ of southern citizens, would
remain silent and inactive, and tamely let the
wrong be done ? If yea, they must be content to
incur the censure of all who hold the rights of
their section worth defending and preserving. If
not, then what less can they do than has been
done by the party they accuse ?
The Democratic party has simply stood forth
in defense of southern rights when attacked.
Without doubt, this has provoked the aggres-
sors to loud clamor and angry agitation. But
shall we, for this, forbear to offer defense ? Shall
we shrink from asserting and maintaining a right,
because the violators of that right may thereby
be roused to fury ? This is what the American
party would do, if its complaint against the party
with which I act gives a true indication of its
spirit. It will put an end to agitation by declin-
ing to resist the wrong-doer, for if resisted there
will necessarily be strife; by quietly taking upon
the neck of the South the yoke prepared for her,
for if refused there will be a struggle; by giving
full rein to the crusaders against slavery, for if
checked they will rend the heavens with their
fanatical mad outcry; by -ignobly yielding the
things that are ours to the first demand, for if we
hesitate the noise of trouble will come; byclosing
the ear, that it may not listen when violence is
preached, and chaining the tongue, that it may
not remonstrate when injury is offered, for if ear
and tongue are free to perform their functions,
the coming violence and injury will rouse even I
the most abject among us from the stupor of silent |
uncomplaining submission. j
Again, sir, I ask if the American party would
do less than resent and resist injustice to the j
South ? Whatever may be thought of other por-
tions of the party, I am unwilling to presume that
the southern portion would. Then, if agitation
is to be repressed by them, how will they go
about it? It is from those who make war upon
the South that the evil flows. Unless they can
be silenced, or driven from their wicked purpose,
or unless the country can be brought to take a firm ;
and fixed position upon a principle applicable to
questions of slavery which shall disarm them,
they can never be withheld from their agitating
schemes. 1 fear the American party has no skill j
to meet either of these conditions. It is too prone !
to the " pretermitting " process; and, when tired ]
of that, turns too blandly to smile upon the men
who are really guilty of raising the agitation; for ,
when they condemn the Administration for its
agency in the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, as they did in their late Philadelphia con-
vention, they undoubtedly give encouragement
to those who so strongly resisted the meed of
j justice to the South conferred by that bill. Not
| thus, nor by putting forth a candidate for the
presidency whose views of present disturbing
questions are unavowed, will itquell the heaving
waves of anti-slavery fanaticism ! How, then, is
is its pretension to do this to be accomplished ?
Some say, by simply letting the troublesome
questions alone. How easy that would be if
those who provoke the evil, by efforts to disturb
sacred constitutional rights, would only let them
alone at their bidding! They will not do it. They
insist upon doing the wrong. They insist upon
denying the South what she claims as her clear
right. In this state of things, to refuse to meet
and resist them for fear of agitation is to sur-
render the whole ground, and to give up the South
a helpless prey to her persecutors. Is the Amer-
ican party prepared for this ? Its declarations so
indicate; and it must be met and judged accord-
ingly; but if its members disavow such a course
they justify the Democratic partv for the very
thing they pretend to condemn. Alas! it is easy
to denounce others in general set phrase. It
is easy for those who have no sound faith for
themselves to be ever discrediting the faith of
others; but it is also fortunate that the demands
of practical life are almost sure to expose the
frailties men hide behind their disguises.
Now, sir, there will be no abatement of agita-
tion till a principle is evolved upon which all the
country can stand. The virtue of temporizing
is lost. A solid basis must be found, where
men and sections can honorably stand together.
As long as we have slavery, there will be fanatical
zealots to rail against it; and even among more
temperate men who do jjot understand its econ-
omy and appreciate its True spirit, there will be
strivings against it. The difficulty, so as both
to avoid the violation of constitutional obligations,
and to keep down agitation, is to meet this fact
in the right way. I have already pointed to the
only safe method of solving this difficulty. We
must, in reference to Territories, abide by and
maintain the principle adopted in the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, that Congress has no authority to
interfere with the question of slavery in the
Territories, and must leave it to the regulation
: of the people there under the Federal Constitu-
tion; and, iff reference to other questions of slav-
ery, that Congress must faithfully observe the
guarantees of that Constitution. When once the
policy marked out by this view is firmly estab-
lished, the strife and the evil will have been con-
quered, but not before. The Democratic party is
moving to this end. Seeing the hopelessness of
staying agitation while any shifting or uncertain
basis is occupied, it prefers to plant itself upon
this position, as upon an immovable rock, and
j there boldly encounter whqj. storms may come,
assured that if its country cannot at last find
I security there, security will not be had anywhere,
j nor peace any more gladden her hopes.
| If this be agitation, the American party must
make the most of it. We are willing to risk all
the damage that can be inflicted by its attack
upon such a position. Our Constitution and our
country demand that we shrink from no peril we
incur in maintaining it.
But I have not done with this charge upon my
party. I am not content with simply casting it
off. Iretortituponouraccusers,notinthespiritoc
bravado, but for causes that justify me in so doing.
I charge the American party as guilty of having
contributed to sustain the agitation of which, as
I have shown, they unjustly accuse us. In its
first days of triumph, the days when it was enabled
to send into this Hall from the North a majority
■ of its adherents, and when it sent to the Senate
such men as have there superseded sound national
Democrats, no one will deny that it had a spirit
which looked to southern slavery as a stupendous
curse, needing to be dealt with as such by all the
agitating influences which could *be successfully
used against it. But since the present American
party claims to have purged itself of those who,
in the beginning of its career, thus prostituted its
character, is it yet in a position to exempt it from
the charge I make? Not at all. As I have
already intimated, the countenance it gives to the
Republican party by its stab at the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill in the Philadelphia convention, can
have no other effect than to strengthen those who
agitate against that bill. But, besides this, the
spirit of its Representatives here is to provoke
agitation, even in the South, by raising and press-
ing a question as to the soundness or unsoundness
of northern Democrats upon questions connected
with the rights ofthe South. Whether or not those
questions be settled as the South would have them,
(and 1 believe they are,) they are, at least so far
as the present object of controversy is concerned,
settled one way or the other; and crimination
now in regard to them can have no other end than
to stir the agitation which is so much deprecated.
| If, therefore, it be the special mission of this new
party to stop agitation, it shows its aptness for
I the work by throwing in fuel which ca# but keep
it flaming.
But thiscomplaint against northern Democrats,
if it amounts to anything, is a complaint that they
were not willing to give the South enough of what
j she claims to be her due. Supposing this true,
! there was no other party of the North, not ex-
cepting the American, willing to give so much,
| All others, as will not be denied, were for retaining
I the prohibition against southern citizens, whieh
| those northern Democrats helped to remove, anq
that would have been the absolute denial of even
any shadow of the right we claim. Would this
j have been better or more satisfactory ? Now,
unless these Americans intend to ask for more
I than waa obtained—and that they date not do,
