560
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 10,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Personal Explanation—Mr. Fuller, of Pennsylvania.
Ho. op Reps.
for it would provoke agitation, and agitation they
profess to abhor, and intend to make it their spe-
cial business to repress, standing for-tliat purpose,
according to their own pretension, as a break- i
water between other parties; or unless they pre- |
sent in the North a part* willing to practice more ;
equal justice to the South than the Democratic—
and that is utterly hopeless, for none has yet gone
even so far in her behalf; they will but do mis-
chief, and weaken the cause of the South by their
war upon northern Democrats. The Republicans
understand this perfectly; and hence their kind
readiness, as evinced in the early part of our ses-
sion, to offer encouragement and supply muni-
tions in promoting such war. They see that, in
■ proportion to its success, will be opened the way
for Weir own success. They see further to their
advantage, that, while they are threatening the j
destruction of the citadel itself, there are Amer- <
icans dividing' its defenders, and vexatiously
busying their energies to save some minor out-
work.
The example thus presented is not one to be
followed—I certainly will not follow it. Give
me the Nebraska principle of free access for all
citizens with their property to common territory,
and of protection for that property there; and
even though given with qualifications to which 1
object, I will not sacrifice the principle itself in
supreme concern about those qualifications.
Who would not, sir,
" In troubles reign,
Losing a mite, a mountain gain ?"
We are in the face of a mighty opposition
which would take from us the principle and the
undoubted privilege it confers, and would plaee
in its stead eternal exclusion of the property of
southern citizens from common territory, and yet
there are those—some, like the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Zollicoffer,] because a right
reason is not given, and others, like the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Cox,] because they
cannot, on all points, find a full agreement of
opinion—who would jeopard all by a quarrel with
friends as true as themselves to the main right.
It does seem to me, Mr. Chairman, looking
to the state of the sectional controversy, to the
mode by which it can be honorably and perma-
nently settled, to the facts which point to those in
the North who agree to that mode, and to the
hopelessness of settling it by any other, that to
counsel the soufiiern people to distrust of north-
ern Democrats in this crisis, is to counsel them to
suicide, or else to unending strife.
PERSONAL, EXPLANATION.
SPEECH OF HON. HENRY M. FULLER,
Of Pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
May 10, 1856.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
I desire to submit some remarks, partly of a per-
sonal, and partly of a general character.
Sincerely do I regret the necessity which com- I
pels me to occupy the public time for any pur-
pose of individual defense; but circumstances
have occurred, declarations have been made here
and elsewhere, congressional letters have been
written and widely circulated, now producing I
false impressions, which justice to myself, and
fc proper regard for my constituents, as well as
those with whom I am here associated, will not
permit m% to pass longer in silence. I should
have solicited an earlier hearing, had not private
business of an important character, together with
W j jCSS-in famil7 circle, summoned me home,
and detained me away most of the time since the
organization of the House.
On the first Monday of December last; I came
here to discharge the duties of an American Rep- ;i
resentative. I came here disapproving the terri- l !
tonal legislation Of the Thirty-Third Congress; i!
but, in view of existingand prospectivedifficdlties, !
had determined to let it alone. My disposition !
was for peace. I desired to forgive and forget I:
past offenses —to heal, not to inflame, wounds '!
Which had been inflicted—to compromise sectional j i
differences, and to plant myself with my party II
upon a broad, national platform, embracing all
sections of the Union, and conservative of the
rights and the interests of the whole country.
Little supposed I, then, that we were entering
upon a drama in the performance of which I
should unwillingly become a prominent actor.
The partiality of friends assigned me a position
to which I felt I could lay no claim. The people,
in consequence of past legislation, and in expect-
ation of our probable action, were in a state of
high excitement. Delay in the organization led
to declarations of opinion, and avowals of in-
tended action. I was unwilling to become a party
in making up a case for the North, or in making
up a case for the South; but determined, so far
as lay in my power, to put an end to an unprofit-
able controversy—to make sacrifices, if need be,
to restore harmony and secure the public peace.
In advance of my coming here, I had so declared
to my friends at home.*
During the course of debate here, I felt myself
called upon to embody these sentiments in a pub-
lic avowal to the House, declaring that I should
leave this whole question of slavery where the
Constitution had left it—with the people of the
States where it was tolerated, to regulate and de-
I termine for themselves. That for evil or for good,
it was their concern, not mine; and whatever in-
dividual sentiments I or my people might enter-
tain upon the abstract question of morals, or of
private rights, it was our plain duty to leave the
subject with all its accountability, and every rem-
edy it might require, to the wisdom and the con-
science of those upon whojn Providence and the
Constitution had cast its responsibility.
These were not recently formed opinions-t
My own limited experience, and the history of
the country, had satisfied me that the agitation
of this question, in Congress and out of it, had
produced, and was producing, nothing but evil
and mischief, heart-burnings and bitterness; that
it had been, and must be utterly barren of public
good, injurious to both sections, and if continued,
■ would be destructive of the best interests of both
races. I believed, further, that if this agitation
should cease, the generous influences of our free
institutions, in carrying our people onward in
their career of high and rapid advancement would
lift up the slave, improve his condition, relax his
bonds, and ultimately send him back, prepared
i to reclaim arid redeem the land of his heathen
; fathers.
j The efforts of modern philanthropy, however
: well intended, have, in effect, repressed and de-
feated the labors of those who, by their position,
and its toleration, could alone make for it effect-
ual provision. Twenty-five years ago, Virginia,
j Maryland,and Kentucky, had under serious con- •
| sideration the adoption of measures looking to
gradual emancipation. The influences of free-
dom were quietly, but not offensively, pressing I
| upon slavery. The policy of emancipation was ■
freely discussed by the people of the southern J
States, in legislative assemblies and constitutional ;
conventions.^ Unfortunately, at this very period,
an organization for the purpose of systematic
agitation, under the leadership of George Thomp-
son and other foreign emissaries, sprung int.p ex-
istence. Immediately, there was a recoil of the 1
publicmind, resulting in a united sentiment at the
South, and a divided opinion at the North.
Emancipation was thus postponed—the entire
system of prospective legislation turned back.
There have followed charges of aggression, with
criminations and recriminations, each section
striking at and wounding the other, until the
scars of prejudice have become so deeply engraven
on the popular mind, that it will require years,
many years, to efface them. This condition of
things I desire to have corrected. The North !
and the South should no longer be taught to regard !
each other as enemies, and that it is necessary J
to employ their energies to resist anticipated
aggressions. I
1 would have preferred that the legislation of I
the Thirty-Third Congress had not been enacted,
and that the people of all sections should have ! j
abided by the compromise of 1820, as a measure I j
of repose; because, under the compromises of II
1850, peace, quiet, and social harmony had been |
* Appendix, (1.) f Appendix, (3.) } Appendix (3.)
generally restored. It might have averted the
unhappy difficulties existing in Kansas—would
have saved the country the long scene of dis-
organization through which we have recently
passed. I would have let the compromise of 1820
alone; and did not favor the repeal, because I
believed its effect, upon the public mind of the
country, would produce injury and mischief
greater than any good it could possibly attain. I
should have acquiesced in past legislation, in the
same spirit of conciliation and of compromise
which governed the men of Missouri when they
agreed to come into the Union under the opera-
tion of the restrictive clause.
Now that the repealing act has been passed,
we have, as practical legislators, to meet the ex-
isting facts, and a different state of case. We are
not called upon to abide by past legislation, but
we are askea to legislate anew for the establish-
ment of the restrictive clause, under the plea of a
restoration to the status quo before the Kansas
bill was passed. That restoration is now impos-
sible. To attempt it can onlyproduce irritation,
sectional alienation, and a disturbance of the
public peace of the country.
Practically, so far as the extension of slavery
is concerned, the South has gained nothing; the
North has lost-nothing by its repeal. It is con-
ceded, I believe, by intelligent men of all sec-
tions familiar with the country, that neither the
soil, nor the climate, nor the natural productions
of the Territories thus thrown open, can offer any
permanent inducement for slavery to enter there.
The cotton planter, the sugar grower, and the
rice producer, will not feel it his interest to leave
his own warmer latitude, where, in the millions
of acres of unoccupied territory, he has ample
room for present as well as prospective expansion.
The law of interest—the irrepealable law of na-
ture—must operate there as evei'ywhere. True,
there is now a heated and angry controversy in
the Territory of Kansas. The men of the bor-
der, in natural antagonism with aid societies else-
where, have been stimulated to associated effort
for the purpose of its establishment. Men may
engage in, but will- not continue, a struggle of
unproductive labor. If this be true of Kansas,
it cannot be less so of Nebraska. But whether
slavery wilt go into Kansas or not—whether it
will go into Nebraska or not—is a question I shall
! leave with the citizens who reside in those Ter-
ritories to determine for themselves, when they
come to form their State constitution, and apply
for admission into the Union.
Entertaining these views, on the 19th of Decem-
ber last, I declared, in the House, that I would
vote for the admission of Kansas with or without
slavery. One of my colleagues [Mr. Todd] be-
came suddenly and powerfully and most unac-
countably excited, and, in warm and passionate
i address, declared, with habitual emphasis, had he
known such to have been my sentiments, his ri<jht
arm should have withered before he would have
given me his support.
I was naturally prompted to respond at the time,
but felt restrained by the position! then occupied,
j as well as the expressed wishes of members of
the delegation from my State. Nor should I allude
to it now but for the fact that I have been charged
by some of the public journals in the gentleman's
district, sustaining his course in the election of
Speaker, with having led him to believe that I was
a sound anti-Nebraska man, according to the
standard by which he judged a man's soundness;
and that my remarks here first disclosed to him
the real views I entertained on the subject,
j The charges thus made against me, implying
I concealment of my views, and willful deceit on
my part, have not, I presume, escaped his atten-
tion.
I am unwilling to believe that these accusations
have been made at his instance, or by his authority;
and still less can I suppose, that he would be
willing to shrink from the responsibility of his
support of me, by having himself justified to his
constituents, by newspaper representations which
are unfounded in fact, and which he knows very
well to be so. Such a construction has, however,
been given to the declaration made by the gentle-
man, by the press of his district. That declara-
tion has been made the basis of a charge of
deception against me; and he having thus in
