mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
all the citizens, shall not be punished therefor.
The other remaining provisions of the bill the gen-
tleman from Maryland says he does not object to.
Now I ask what is there in all this to incur the
hostility and oppo>sition that have been manifested
on this floor against the passage of this bill ?
Gentlemen say that this question of suffrage is
not properly regulated in this city. I agree with
them; it is not properly regulated. And, sir,
When we had a bill before this House for the pur-
pose of correcting that evil, it met a fate with
which every one here is familiar. The reason of
the opposition which was then made to it was,
because we were seeking to correct those inequal-
ities and those injustices in rtgard to the right
of suffrage. That bill had to be abandoned by
its friends; we had to leave for another time the
correction of those things of which we complain
in regard to the right of suffrage, in order that we
might at least strive under the present law to se-
cure the benefits of an honest election.
Now, sir, what we desired was to pass this
bill, and allow this people, under the existing
laws, to have a fair and honest bona fide expres-
sion of the public sentiment through the legally-
authorized voters at the election that is soon to
transpire. Does any man believe that the pas-
sage of this bill will prevent that result? Has
any man offered an argument to show that the
passage of this bill will produce any other than
a fair expression of public opinion ? If nor, then
why not give this people the benefit of these pro-
visions, and allow them to have this law carried
into effect 111 time to permit them to derive the
benefit of it at the coming electionJ
Butmyfricnd from Kentucky, not content with !
these provisions, although he and his friends de-
feated the bill upon that ground, when it was
proposed to settle this very question of suffrage,
comes in now with an amendment, for the pur-
pose of amending the law on the subject of suf-
frage. To that amendment, sir, i am utterly
opposed. I desire that it may be read, in order
that I may present to the House my reason* for
opposing it; and I believe that, if understood by
this House, it will be voted down. 1 shall, in
this connection, offer to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky a substitute for his amendment; and I will
give my reasons for it after it lias been read. ,
Mr. Marshall's amendment was reported, as j
follows: |
Provided, That any alien being; naturalized between l)c- i
ocmbor and the day of election, in any year, «holl he enti- ,
tied to vote at the next succeeding election, only on the
mime conditions as are rfquired, by existing laws, of native- 1
bom eiti/.ens who may amve at the of twenty-onw 1
your* between December and the day of election, m the
Mime year.
Mr. COBB. Now, sir, upon its face that
amendment appears all right, and its injustice is
only seen and known when you come to look at
it in connection with the law as it now stands—
the construction put upon which was so much
complained of by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis.]
Under the existing laws, no one has a right to
vote, unless he be a citizen, has arrived at the age
of twenty-one years, and, in addition to that, has
paid his school tax. No one is required to pay
his school tax, unless his name is placed upon
the register prior to the 31st. of December. And
when that register is made up on the 31st of De-
cember, the question is then ascertained who shall
vote at the next election. A young man arriv-
ing at the age of twenty-one years after the 31st
of December is not put upon the register, because
he was not subject to the school tax; therefore his
name, while he was yet n minor, was not placed
upon the register, ana he is not eligible to vote at
the next election, because of his failure, owing to
his minority, to pay his school tax.
It has been construed by the courts, and your
city council have acted upon the same construc-
tion, that an unnaturalized citi/.en is a citizen
within the meaning of this law, so that he is
registered and required to pay the school tax.
That is the reason why the naturalized citizen,
who is naturalized between the 3istof December
and the day of election, is entitled to vote, while
the native-born citizen, who at the same time
arrives at the age of twenty-one, is not; because,
by law, they have made that right to depend
upon registry and the payment of a school tax.
i trust I am understood by the House.
Now, what does the gentleman from Kentucky
propose to do by his amendment? He proposes
to exclude the naturalized "citizen who has been
naturalized since the 31st of Dccembcr, arid before
the election, from the right to vote, because the
native-born citizen who arrives at the age of
twenty-one years is also excluded; but with this
discrimination, that the native is not made to pay
a tax, while the naturalized citizen is registered
and made to pay a school tax. That is his
amendment. It is that you shall,say to the nat-
uralized citizen, "You shall pay a tax, but you
shall not vote;" while they say to the native-bSVn
citizen, " You shall not vote, and we will not
require jyou to pay any tax."
Mr. IvElTT. 1 ask the gentleman from Georgia
whether the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky does not impose the same conditions
upon the native as upon the naturalized citizen?
Mr. COBB. I know that the phraseology of
the amendment is calculated to produce that
impression; but the gentleman from Kentucky
will not deny that I am placing the proper con-
struction on his amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL I understand the opera-
tion of my amendment to bo as plain as language I
can express if—that the same conditions shall |
apply to both. As to the distinction which the j
gentleman from Georgia names—thatyouwill re- j
quire the alien to pay a tax and be registered, j
while you do not require the minor to pay a tax j
or be iegistered—let me say, that I do not under- j
stand that you make a registration of the alien at ,
all, and therefore lie could not be required to pay i
a t ax. !
Mr. COBB. If he does not pay a tux and is |
not upon the register, he cannot vote; under the i
existing law he is excluded, just as a native-born
citizen is excluded when ho arrives at the age of j
twenty-one years between the 3istDcc(p\herand i
the day of election. The distinction which 1 have |
drawn is the truth. I will tost the sincerity of:
gentlemen on the other side of the House in refer- !
enco to this matter, by now asking my friend from ;
Kentucky, instead of urging his amendment which |
excludes aliens, to extend the right of suffrage |
both to the naturalized citizen who was naturalized ;
after the 31st of December, and to the native-born
citizen wiio arrives at the age of twenty-one years 1
after I lie 31st of December. I^aythatj am not in j
favor of excluding the native-born citizen; and as !
the gentleman fiom Kentucky ha.-s control of this
matter, having the motion to commit m lus con- J
trol, and also his amendment, I ask him to modify ;
his amendment so as to provide that the foreign- I
born citizen who is naturalized between the 31st I
of December and the day of election, shall be |
admitted to registry and allowed to vote; and also, |
that the native-born citizen who arrives at the age j
of twenty-oue years between the periods of time ■
shall also be allowed to vote. '
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman in-!
dulge me ? I read from the chartci: !
'■ The etnpoi.itton slta'1 have power {o J> \ and collect j
a 'vhool tav on evciy free u lute mm-* em/en."
Mr. COBB. Has my friend so soon forgotten j
the argument made by the gentleman from Mary- i
land? Has the House forgotten the argument j
based on the opinion given by the judicial officers !
of this District, and the opinions given by the j
attorney to the board of aldermen and common j
councilmen, and on which they have acted—that '
they have ccnstrucd the word " citizen" not to'
be a citizen of the United St.-tes, but a citizen of j
tho city of Washington ? I know that this thing
can be covered over darkly, and we may have
some difficulty in arriving at the truth. I know
that this bill may be defeated by putting in an un-
just amendment like this, and gentlemen arrayed
against it because it is founded upon an erroneous
construction of the law. 1 will put an end to the
question. I again appeal to the gentleman from
Kentucky to alter his amendment, so as to permit
the citizen who is naturalized between the 31st of
December and the day of election, and the native-
born citizen who arrives at the age of twenty-one
between the same periods of time, to vote; and I
will support his amendment. What is the ob-
jection to k?
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman makes a
direct appeal to me. I say to him that my motion
to commit this bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the CTnion will afford me the op-
portunity to present to the committee an amend-
ment winch will put the suffrage on what I con-
ceive to be the proper basis. I will present that
amendment, if the House will go into committee,
and give me a*chance.
Mr. COBB. I beg that the House, if they in-
tend to do justice, will mark well this conver-
sational argument between the gentleman from
Kentucky and myself. Mark you, he has his
amendment pending here. If the motion to com-
mit be voted down, no one will have an oppor-
tunity to move .to amend his amendment. It
stands ready for a vote. He has it in his power
to put that amendment right. I agam appeal to
him to place the amendment on the principle
•which I have presented to the House.
He complains that we desire to discriminate
against the native-born citizen. I repudiate it in
my own behalf, and in behalf of those with whom
I am politically associated; and before this House,
and the country, I repeat the test to the gentleman
from Kentucky. I challenge him to meet me on
the ground of equality between the naturalized
citizen and the native-born. Does he still refuse ?
Is there no relenting of that stern American sen-
timent against the naturalized citizen ? Will he
exclude the native-born, because, by admitting
him to the right to vote, the same right is given to
the naturalized citizen ? I put it to the candor and
frankness of this House to say, whether or not
the gentleman from Kentucky stands justified
before the country in still further urging that
amendment, the language of which has already
created a false impression on a no less intelligent
gentleman than my friend from South Carolina,
[Mr. Kf.itt.J Now, if you uant it free of all
doubt, of all difficulty, so that everyhody will
understand it, and that every man of this House
who is controlled by right feeling and a proper
spirit may vote for it, make the amendment as I
have proposed. 1 again appeal to my friend from
Kentucky. [Laughter.] JVty amendment would
he that every native-born citizen arriving at the
age of twenty-one after the 31st of December,
shall have the right to have his name registered,
and that he shall bo subject to the burdens, and
entitled to the privileges, of others who have been
registered. I would go further; I would even
allow those young men who have arrived at the
age of twenty-one between Decemberand the day
of election to vote without the payment of a tax.
I would go even further, and extend that privilege
to all voters.
I trust that gentlemen will bear in mind the
provisions of this amendment and its effect, and
not forget the refusal of my friend to make it
clearly intelligible when they came to vote on this
matter; and T appeal to the friends of the bill
to vote down the amendment unless it be made
light, as wejl as the motion to commit.
One word m reference to the. construction of
this law. They object to this law because my
friend from Maryland says*that we have the judi-
cial officers, the marshal, the jurors — that we
have the control of the whole machinery of the
judicial department of this District, and that this
is the groundwork for persecuting commissioners
who honestly and faithfully discharge their duties.
1 am not familiar with the details of criminal law
m this District, but 1 apprehend that here, as well
as in every other portion of our country, ample
provisions are made to insure to all persons ac-
cused of crime a fair and impartial trial. I want
to know on what evidence it is connected with the
past history of the judicial courts—the criminal
court of this District—whether under a Demo-
cratic or any other Administration of the Gov-
ernment, the gentleman from Maryland charges
that your judge, your marshal, your jurors are
so corrupt that they can be made willing tools to
carry out the infamous proceedings of politicians,
and punish honest men who are free from the
charge of any crime whatever? When has it been
done ?
Jf this House are prepared to say, on the gentle-
men's statement, that your judge, your marshal,
and your jurors, under the system provided by
law for the execution of the criminal laws of this
District, are so corrupt, that you cannot Trust m
their hands the trial of these commissioners of
election, the responsibility rests on every member
to see to it that other citizens for other offenses
arc rescued from this corrupt and infamous
judiciary of the District of Columbia. Can my
friend from Maryland sit still, and have his
anxiety and his enthusiasm aroused for no other
