2110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 14,
country, in foreign lands, against her foes. I
grant all that; nor would I detract from them in ,
the slightest degree. It is not for the purpose of
detracting from the Army or its officers, that I!
rise on this occasion, but it is for the purpose of
vindicating them in their rights, in their position, [
snd in all that can pertain to them as officers of!
the Army, i am for confining them strictly to their
proper duties, and I am for drawingadistinction
between the officers of the Army and the civilians
of the country. Civilians have a right to expect
that they will come in for a share of the patronage
of this Uovernment, or, if you please, the loaves
and fishes. They have rights as well as. officers of
the Army. They are not to be driven back and
officers preferred, who have already their positions
guarantied to them, and have been treated with
marked favorby the Government from their youth
up to the present day. For this reason I am op-
posed to officers being detailed from their re-
petitive duties in the Army, and assigned to civil
trusts which can be as well and better performed
by citizens versed in practical matters, and capa-
ble of discharging these functions. Civilians have
a right to expect these employments. It is an
expectation wbieh by the voice of Congress they
ought to realize. I will relate a circumstance
which, as I was assured by an officer of high dis-
tinction in the Army, occurred at Matamoras,
after that place was taken possession of. A lagoon,
connecting itself with the Rio Del Norte, or river
of the North, obstructed the communication with
the upper country. Several engineers of high
standing in the Army were consulted upon the
practicability of bridging that lagoon. They all
failed; everyone of them reported that it-was
impracticable. A mechanic from Texas, an ac- |
tive,enterprising man, who had gone there during '
the troubles of the country from the far North, |
from Boston, (a very clever fellow, too, who |
would reflect disgrace on no section,) was asked !
by this officer of distinction to look at that place !
and see whether it was practicable or not to bridge \
the stream. He went and returned immediately, !
and said,ft sir, I will do it with a fcw men." A j
detail was made, and in the course of a few days i
he constructed a bridge—a passway that will last j
perhaps for fifty years. All the engineers of the I
Army who were there on that occasion could not 1
effect it. Their science fell short of it, or went:
above it. I presume it went above it, for it was
a practical matter, and science often goes above
practical matters. j
The proper way is to select, for the inspection of ;
riveis and harbors, for the construction of pub- j
he buildings, custom-houses, Ijght-housos, and |
aii otheis, practical men, who understand the ,
affairs of life—who have some knowledge, short \
of science if you please, but more beneficial to the :
community m the accomplishment of the objects '
for winch they are selected. You may say here \
that the supeimtendont of the Capitol, and the i
superintendent of the Treasury extension shall '
be retained, and be exceptions to this clause of the '
bill; but I wish to recognize the principle. I am ;
not willing to confer on the Secretary of War, I
or any other Department of the Government, the
privilege of creating an exclusive class of indi-
viduals here, and establishing them upon the
institutions of the country irreversibly. If this
system be continued, this branch of the service
will become omnipotent.
Sir, 1 am for equalizing the benefits of this Gov-
ernment in the community at large, for sustain-
ing all parts of it equally. I am not for elevating
disproportionately one particular class of men to
positions, to the exclusion of others. I am per-
. fectly willing, as I have said, to make an excep- •
tion of the two estimable gentlemen who have |
been named, who are highly qualified men, and j
worthy of the public confidence; but as o general '
rule I will vote that the Secretary of War shall j
not detail officers of the Army for this purpose |
until the conn try is acknowledged to be destitute of:
general science and qualifications among civilians, j
Mr. BAYARD. There is an objection winch 1
has not been stated to this provision as it comes ■
from the House that strikes me as forcible, and !
therefore I will state it. It seems to me that,
though not unconstitutional in the strict sense of I
the term, it is certainly counter to the spirit and ,
intent of the Federal Constitution. We meddle
too much here with administrative matters. The
Constitution of the*United States intends that
when laws are passed they shall be carricd into
execution by the Executive of the United States.
Now, sir, this provision in the bill, as it comes
to us from the House, is intended to restrict the
exercise of the discretion of the President in the
selection of the agent who is to carry into execu-
tion the law which has been passed for the con-
struction of the Capitol and other public works.
Is it right and fair, when the responsibility for
the due execution of the law is imposed on the
President, that you should leave to him no dis-
cretion in the selection of the agent? Recollect,
there is no preclusion of civilians as the honor-
able Senator from Texas supposes. There is
nothing in our law which prevents a civilian from
being appointed by the President to superintend
any work whatever. The object of this provision
is to exclude officers of the Army, because they
hold commissions in the Army, from performing
duties to which otherwise they might be assigned
by the Presidentin the exercise of his constitutional
power. Is it right or proper to make that exclu-
sion? Why not leave the performance of admin-
istrative duties to the Executive? If he abuses
his trust, call him to account. Why should Con-
gress, a body of all others the least calculated to
go into the details of construction, enter into them
aud undertake to control executive action in ref-
erence to them?
That is the effect of this provision, in one
aspect; and my objection exists to it because I
would exclude no persons of the community,
either civilians or military men, but I would leave
to the Executive, in the performance of his
proper functions, the selection of the individual
who is to construct the building you authorize
him to construct, and leave to him the plans.
But now, when the building is in the course of
construction, you propose to take from him what
constitutionally belongs to him, the right to select
the individuals who are to carry it out, because
it is his duty after all, and not that of the Secre-
tary of War or the Secretary of the interior, to
carry on your public works. They do it under
him; the responsibility is with him; and the right
to direct each of these Departments, as well as to
say what agents under these Departments should
be employed in the service, ought to be properly
. left to the Executive. Onp day you may be op-
posed to the Executive; another day you may
have more confidence in the Executive, and sup-
port him; but ought not your laws on this sub-
ject to be permanent11 Is it not wise and proper
that Congress should abstain from mcroachmg
on the duties of the Executive, by legislation like
that which is contained in this bill, winch trenches
on his discretionary power to select agents to
perform jidmimstrative functions?
That is my objection to the provision gener-
ally; but there is a further objection stated by the
honorable Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Fos-
ter,] that, supposing such a provision as this
were right in itself at any time,it would be cruelly
unjust now, when changes are made against the
management of this work. They are not made
now for the first time. 1 have heard these things
before, and things similar to them fioiy the time
I became chairman of the Committee on Public
Buildings. I traced them on several occasions.
I made inquiries, and invariably I found that these
allegations in reference to Captain Meigs, and
these pretended charges of neglect of duty and
extravagance, were to be traced to individuals, or
the agents of individuals, who wanted to procure
some contracts which they had been unable to
procure under his superintendence. This system
prevails m Washington to such an extent, that
when members of Congress come to "Washington
for the first time, they are apt to fall into the tmp
set for them. They are seized by these people;
they take hold of isolated circumstances, and
without seeking an explanation from the officer
himself—without knowing the motives of the
informer, or looking into it, tiie member is led
away into partial legislation of this kind without
regard to the character of those to whom we intrust
the performance of public duties. The charges
have been made formally to the House of Rep-
resentatives; and a committee has been raised,
which has notyetacted on them. This provision
in the House bill is virtually a condemnation of
Captain Meigs and the other officer, whom I do
not know personally, before the House commit-
i tee have reported. If the provision were even
right in itself, it would be an act of gross injustice
on the part of the Congress of the United States
to pass it at this time. For my own part, I take
leave to say this: I care not who are the wit-
nesses; I know nothing of the testimony; but I
have seen a great deal of Captain Meigs for the
last three years since I have been on the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings, and I feel satisfied
that he has integrity, knowledge, and capacity;
and that he may put at defiance all that the malice
or ingenuity of tnose who are interested or inim-
ical to him may suggest. He will come out of
this investigation with his reputation unstained.
I go further. Gentlemen may choose to criti-
cise the alteration in the mode of the construction
of the Capitol; but I make the prophecy now,
and I am willing to stand by it, from my confi-
dence in the constructor and his explanation of
the details, that if you suffer him to remain there,
and he completes these new wings, he will give
you, as adapted to the purposes for which they
are intended, and m magnificence and correctness
of the architecture and finish of the whole work,
buildings unequaled by any public institution
known in Europe or in this country. I believe,
looking to their adaptation to their purposes,
and the correctness of the architecture and its
magnificence, and the permanence of the struc-
tures, you will have cause to congratulate your-
selves that one so competent as a constructor has
been placed in charge of that work as Captain
Meigs. I have entire confidence in him; and I
know—for I have watched the work from the time
1 have been connected with the Committee on
Public Buildings—that every step that has been
taken has been on profound investigation.
Sir, there is a wide difference between the duty
of an architect—genius alone may enable him to
design—and that of a constructor. Construction
is a matter of study and detail. You must study
out the details before you can be sure that you
have either economy or correctness in your con-
struction, even after you have the design. The ex-
terior of those buildings was designed before Cap-
tain Meigs became connected with them. There
was a kind of rough estimate made, if I may so
call it; and loose enough indeed it was; but that
is relied upon now as implying a charge of ex-
travagance against him, because the cost of the
two wings will be more than double that original
estimate. If you will take the trouble to read
the original estimate of the architect, you will
find that it is expressly based on the idea, that the
finish is to be like that of the old Capitol. The
finish is totally different. The walls that were
contemplated at the time of the original estimate
have been made much thicker. There are a thou-
sand other matters of detail. The finish is en-
tirely different, and this necessarily increases the
expense. But futher, to show how loose that
kind of estimate is, I may mention that the cor-
ridors which are to connect the wings with the
old Capitol were not in the estimate at all; and
they make a serious part of the cost.
Now, when Captain Meigs has become ac-
quainted with the work, and has studied out the
details of construction, and calculated them—
a labor which was not done when the plan was
originally designed—he gives you an estimate
amounting to a little over five millions of dollars.
I venture to say that, if you leave him in the
superintendence, you will find that he has ap-
proximated more closely to the cost, than is ordi-
narily the case in reference to any public building
whatever. I am aware, and everyone of us must
be aware, that there are variations necessarily in
the cost of public buildings, arising from a va-
riety of causes which oftentimes cannot be fore-
seen. So it has been in reference to this very
building. The increase of wages has been great
since it was originally commenced. There has
been, I think I may say, at least thirty-three per
cent, increase in the cost of material and labor,
and that necessarily required an addition to the
estimate made as early as 1849 or 1850. Every-
thing has largely advanced in price since that
time, and the advance has been maintained.
There are other causes. I may mention one which
results, not from false economy, but, I think, from
tiue economy. For instance, the columns that
were to be in front of the building were originally
designed to be in pieces, because it was not known
that any quarry in the country would produce
stones large enough for making the columns
