1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
$3,000,000 are wanted is the warrant or requi-
sition of the Secretary of War? I ask, is this
the way the Government should be carried on?
Is this the way the law requires and provides
thai these estimates should be made?
Sir, what is the duty of the Committee of Ways
and Means in this House ? Not to provide for a
change m the organization of the Army, or for its
increase—not to determine whether you shall have
one or fifty vessels of war—not whether you will
have this thing or that thing, or the other thing
done; but they are charged with the duty of seeing
that the Governments provided with the ne-
cessary means, and they should also have super-
vision over the appropriations and the estimates
of expenditures, and see that one does notexceed
the other. It is their proper and legitimate duty
to take charge of all subjects appertaining to ap-
propriations of money, and such matters should
be referred to them. If you will do that, you will
preserve, to a greater extent, harmony and con-
sistency of legislation than you can otherwise do.
It has become fashionable for gentlemen in
this Hall to charge the Committee of Ways and
Means with a disposition to absorb all the busi-
ness of the House. Sir, I ask you—I ask the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] I
ask the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Clingman,] 1 ask any of those gentlemen with
whom it has become fashionable to make these
charges upon the Committee of Ways and Means
—if they have ever specified one single solitary in-
stance where the Committee of Ways and Means
have asked to have referred to them any subject
that did not properly belong to them, or that could
have legitimately been referred to any other com-
mittee?
Mr. Speaker, let me tell you—let me tell the
House—whatarethefactsupon this subject. The
Committee of Ways and Means is necessarily a
laborious committee, and having always business
before them, they have to meet very often, and
thus they get into the habit of working; but other
committees, which have, perhaps, but little to do,
acquire habits of idleness. They do not meet,
and they put off all their business. Instead of
preparing their bills and recommending them for
the consideration of the House at the proper time,
they lay back and say nothing about their busi-
ness, until one of these appropriation bills from
this Committee of Ways and Moans is taken up
for consideration. Then it has not been uncom-
mon for the heads of the various committees to
come forward with piles of papers upon their
desks, and when the appropriation bill relating
to particular committees—for instance, when the
Army appropriation bill—is under consideration
in Committee of the Whole, the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs will come forward
and say, "Mr, Chairman, I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to propone this
amendment to that bill;" and perhaps half a
dozen or more propositions will be incorporated
m that bill, such as ought to have been brought
forward and considered and passed as separate
and independent bills, if the House considered it
right to pass them at all; but as our business is
transacted when an appropriation bill comes up,
the chairman of that committee rises and says he
is instructed to propose such an amendment in
that place. So of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs; so of the Committee on Foreign Affairs;
and so of the various other committees of the
House. Nearly all of them have their amend-
ments to propose; and m this way your appro-
priation bills, which should be in fact what they
purport to be, appropriation bills to meet the ex-
isting liabilities of the Government, have been for
the last few years made the great omnibuses of
congressional legislation, to carry through ail the
halt and lame and blind passengers that their
friends could crowd into them. That is the way
that measures reported by committees upon every
possible subject are passed.
Sir, if the committees of the House would do
what, in my opinion, they should do, they would
come forward early m the session, each with its
legitimate business, and recommend their meas-
ures to the House. Then, when you came to
consider and pass upon your appropriation bills,
you could make them what your rules say they
shall be, not containing measures of legislation,
but simply appropriation bills.
As it is now, the committees of the House too
lazy to work postpone all their legitimate busi-
ness until the latter part of the session, and then
ask to have it incorporated in the appropriation
bills. In the early part of the session, members
will attend to their own privatebusiness, or what-
ever thev may choose to do; and when they
are asked to take up some of the appropriation
bills, they tell you that they will go through any
how. No danger of them. They never have
been lost, and there is no apprehension that they
will be. And when, at last, they do come up,
near the close of the session, the argument is
brought forward that the Committee of Ways
and Means have occupied all the time of the
House. As soon as we can get the House to
consider the appropriation bills, you bringfor-
ward your propositions, and force the House to
incorporate them into these bills, under the plea
that you cannot get them passed at all unless
they are put into the appropriation bills. I wish
the House would teach gentlemen, by establishing
a correct rule m this matter, that nothing can be
incorporated into an appropriation bill that did
not legitimately and appropriately belong there.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
shall detain the House but a short time, and will
then move the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I wish the gentleman from Ohio
would allow me just a minute for the purpose of
explanation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I yield for that time; but
not for any lengthy explanation.
Mr. ORR. Some little time since I stated what
was my understanding of the circumstances under
which the latter part of the 81st rule was adopted.
I have since^examined the Congressional Globe
of March 13, 1838, in reference to the matter,
and I find that my statement was correct. An
amendment was offered by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and "Means, and was ruled
out of order. Next day the rule was amended
so as to make it in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. My remarks were to the
first branch of that rule; not to the second. The
first branch every gentleman knows was the one
which enabled the "committee to keep off outside
claims.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to know whether
gentlemen arc to occupy the floor m this way
when there are others here who wish to speak to
the question immediately before the body?
The SPEAKER The gentlemen occupy the
floor only by the consent of the House.
Mr. SEWARD. The Chair laid down the rule
this morning that, when a member yielded the
floor to others, he could not again claim it for
himself.
The SPEAKER. When objection is made on
the part of any gentleman, the Chair will enforce
the rule. Gentlemen have been allowed the priv-
ilege of addressing the House in* opposition to
the rule by general consent. The Chair will,
however, cnfoice the rule strictly; and does not
favor, under any circumstanccs, this practice of
intenuptions.
Mr. CAMPBELL, ofOhio. Mr. Speaker,gen-
tlemen are very much mistaken if they suppose
that the Committee of Ways and Means have
any desire whatever to trench upon the rights of
the other committees of this House. We have
no such design. On the contrary, I think that I
am authorized to say that the committee will be
happy to relieve itself, if it can with propriety,
of some of the arduous labors devolved on it by
the law and the rules of the House. Wo do not
wish to infringe on the right of the Committee
on Military Affairs; but we intend to assert on ,
this and on all other occasions, its rights. The |
Committee of Ways and Moans is the legitimate j
organ, or instrument, of this body, m the subdi- !
vision of its duties, on questions appertaining to
the raising and expenditure of the money neces- :
sary for the public service. _ _ i
The question first presented for consideration
is as to the character of the message which has
been read. The paramount proposition of the
message is a recommendation for an increased
appropriation of $3,000,000 for munitions of war.
The language of the President is:
"] beicwitl) ttan^mit and lecommond to the favorable
congelation of Congress a communication from the Sec-
ret!!:}' of War, asking a special appropriation of S'^.000,000,
ii to piepaie ariiutiij'jiit^and ammunition foj the fortifications,
|j to mcieaso the supplj of impioved small-firms, and to ap-
! | ply recent improvements to aims of all patterns," &c.
The appropriation of money is first; the pur-
pose of it is stated afterwards. It is legitimately
and properly the duty of the Committee of Ways
and Means to ascertain whether, in the present
condition of the Treasury and the country, these
$3,000,000 ought to be granted to the Executive for
such purposes. The other branch oftheeommuni-
cation, as suggested by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, ought to go to the Committee on Military
Affairs; that is, in reference to the improvement in
arms, the necessities for ammunition, fortifica-
tions, &c. The Committee of Waysand Moans do
not seek to take what belongstoother committees.
Let this portion ofthe communication go to the Mil-
tury Committee. But when the President comes
here, not through the Secretary of the Treasury,
but the Secretary of War, and demands a grant
of $3,000,000, that is a proposition which ought
to go to the Committee of Ways and Means. If
the gentleman from Mississippi is willing to com-
promise, I am perfectly willing, as a member of
the Committee of Ways and Means, to adopt the
suggestion of the gentleman from Alabama, and
allow that portion of the communication which
refers to improvements m arms, &c., to go to his
committee. That which refers to the appropri-
ation of $3,000,000 ought to go to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. QUITMAN. If the gentleman will move
to adjourn, he will have the floor in the morning.
I should like to be heard on this question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I want the House, on to-
morrow, to resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. We had
better finish this matter this evening.
Mr. ORR. What will be the effect of an ad-
journment?
The SPEAKER. It will carry the message to
the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. We had better dispose of
the question now. It must be palpable to every
man, that this message and the communication
of the War Department contain matters, under
cover, that ought to, and probably will, be de-
bated. If, as the gentleman from Mississippi
insists, the whole matter shall be refenvd to the
Committee on Military Affairs, what, probably,
will be the result? The honorable gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jonil%] who has served
so long and faithfully on the Committee of Ways
and Means, has already stated to the H<5use, m
impressive terms, what would be the consequence.
The Committee of Ways and Means will beheld
responsible, to a very great extent, for the char-
acter of the appropriation bills, as well as for the
measures of revenue to supply them. These es-
timates, coming in this way, and going to other
committees, will be sprung in the House—per-
haps at midnight—in the last days of the session,
when members are worn out, without passing
through the hands of the Ways and Means. 1
have a hundred times seen instances of the kind
described by the gentleman from Tennessee.
The Committee of Ways and Means would know
nothing of the appropriations sought to be passed,
and would have no time to investigate or provide
the means to supply them. Inow, if the Military
Committee have the right to move an amendment,
that $3,000,000 be appropriated for fortifications,
&c., the Naval Committee would have the right
to move that $10,000,000, or more, be appropri-
ated for steam frigates, and thus the Ways and
Means would be held responsible, to a great ex-
tent, whilst it is deprived of its legitimate power
to act. By the theory of the organization of the
House, the Committee of Ways and Means have
jurisdiction over all money matters. They con-
sider and act upon all estimates for appropriations
in reference to the Army, the .Navy, and every
other branch of the public service. If the legiti-
mate duties of the Committee of Ways and
Means be taken from it in the manner proposed,
and yet that committee is held responsible for the
character of the appropriation bills, 1 say here,
at the outset, that 1 shall assume no such respons-
ibility.
I shall be very happy at all times—and I have
no doubt that the entire committee will be happy
at all times—to receive information from these
various other committees as to the wants of that
particular branch of the public service which
they represent. But we are to be presumed to
know something about the condition ofthe Trea-
sury, and ought to b« kept informed aa to the
