THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TOE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiirty-Fourtii Congress. 1st Session.
FRIDAY, AUGUST 15, 1856.
New Series No. 133.
and it is proposed to enlarge it to forty feet. The
Sccrctaiy estimates for it.
Air. ALLEN. '• The building is very small, and
hardly fn for the purpose intended. This appro-
priation of $7,500 will make it a very respectable
building.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out this
clause:
To complete the rooms in the City Hull, Utica, Now
Yoikj nccessaiy foi tlie proper accommodation of the United
States (liquet ami ceeiut eoui ts held ui saul city, and their
officers which was directed by tin- act ot Congie&i, ap-
proved 3Utii rirptombei, 18.50, A.",000.
Mr. SEWARD. I should like to have an ex-
planation of that.
Mr. HUNTER. A few years ago (432,000
were appropriated in order to obtain rooms for
the couits at Utica. That money has not been
paid heretofore, because the paities had not com-
plied with the contract; but I understand from the
Secretary- of the Interior that the contract is now
read}- to be complied with, and he is ready to pay
the $1*2,000. Tins appropriation of $5,000 addi-
tional was not based on any estimate, and he is
of the opinion that it is not necessary and ought
not to be paid. It is put in, I understand, on a
petition of the corporate authorities of Utica.
That is all I know about it, and on that informa-
tion the committee move to strike it out.
Mr. SEWAltD. I hope the Senate will not
strike out this appropriation for the court-house
at Utica. I desire to call the attention of the
Senate to the fact, that the principle in vol ved in it
is the same one involved in other post office and
court-house appropriations throughout the LTnited
States. I think that Senatois have some ri^ht to
exercise judgment themselves, and not rely abso-
lutely m ali cases on the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; for if tliey were to do that, tney would give
the Secretary of the Treasuiyall the power of
legislation of the two Houses over post otlices,
custom-houses, and court-houses. The Stare of
New York is divided into two judicial districts,
thr  first extending ti om Mont.mk Point, at the end
of Long Island, to the city of Hudson, on the 1 lad-
son river, a distance of three hundred and fifty
miles. That is the southern district. The northei n
distiict extends from the city of Hudson, on the
Hudson river, northerly and vestweid, to Lake
Erie, a distance of :hree hundred and eighty miles.
Tiie eneuii court and district comt hold tonns
at Utica, at Buffalo, and at Albany. The city of
Utica a few years ago undertook to build a new
eity hall, and before doing so submitted the matter
to Congress, and Congress agreed to appropriate ^
$12,000, in consideration that they would prepare |
moms suitably adapted to the use of the United
States courts in the city hall. The estimate of
the building was $36,000. The city was to pay 1
$24,000 for the use of its own poi tion, and the
United Slates $12,000. Tins it was thought wns
cheaper than to eiect such a building as would
be required. The building has been altered, and
largely altered, owing to the r< quuements made
by the Government for the extent of accommo-
dations of its courts: and the expenses for the
r.onstruction of a building have beu) earned up to
$7:2,000, making the whole edifice cost £72,000.
ouch have been the exactions of the Govern-
ment m regard to their accommodations, that it
has never yet paid over to the city the £10.000
appropriated by the former bill. As the chair- ,
man states, however, the building is completed, '
or nearly so, and the looms are uady for occu-
pation. The House of Representatives, on the
report of the Committee of Ways and Mean.*,
was satisfied that this appropnalion of £5,000
more is a just and proper appropriation. That is
the simple statement of the case; and I hope the i
Senate will not think itself wiser than the House
of Representatives in this matter, which exam-
ined the whole subject, but will let the appropri- ,
ation stand.
The amendment was rejected; theie being, on ,
a division—ayes 15, noes 20. j
The next amendment of the committee, which
183
was a verbal one, to strike out the word "adopt,"
and insert " adapt," was agreed to.
The next was to insert, after the appropriation
for land surveys in New Mexico:
For defiajuig the expenses of tunning the boundary Hne
betweii the .state oi Texas and the Territory of New
Mexico, §10,000.
Mr. HUNTER. The State of Texas appro-
priated $10,000, and the Secretary of the Interior
recommended $10,000 more, but said he could
not submit a formal estimate until next session.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, after the
appropriation for the purchase of lots in the Con-
gressional burial-irround:
. c ©
J To enable the iseeictnij of the Tiea^uiyto pay for, or
! allow loi the enyroA nig of the "■ hmiaham medal.''1 in pu;~
J siiancc of a eontiaet made In dneciion of the Secietuiy of
j the Navy, inidei autlionty of law, ^3.^00.
[ Mr. HUNTER. That explains itself.
j The amendment was agreed to.
i The next was to insert, after the appropriation
i for ornamenting the Capitol with works of art: j
| Foi eniai inj{ and shelving the law lihiary loom, and for 1
i new cat pet and other lunmure for the >ame, Si,>100. :
j Mr. PEARCE. That is necessary by reason i
| of the increase of hooks in the library. It is a j
! small affair. The library requires fitting up for 1
j the purpose of receiving all the books.
! The amendment was agreed to. '
j improvement throughout the whole country,
i There is nothing about which there is so much
j importunity upon Congress, I am sure, as for the
j seeds and the reports of the Patent Office. It
I a good symptom; it is an excellent sign; and
| though it is somewhat inconvenient, I hope it will
| continue, and I am very earnestly of the opinion
j that we ought to continue the appropriation, and
, not reduce the .sum.
I Mr. WELLER. I call for the yeas and nays,
j The yeas and'nays were ordered.
I Mr. WELLER. I simply asked for the yeas
' and nays, because I desire to have it understood
( by the country, that the Senate are desirous to
; expend $75,000 for this purpose. It is the most
extraordinary appropriation I ever heard of in
Congress. I shall vote for $25,000 very reluc-
i tantly. I consider that a large amount for a thing
! of this kind, but §75,900 is most unreasonable,
j Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall vote for this appro-
| priation, extraordinary as it seems to my friend
from California. This is no appropriation made
, by Congress for the benefit of the great interest
, of agriculture, which occupies a large majority
! of the working people of the United States,
: except for these seeds, and I believe the Patent
. Office report. Now, so Jar as I myself am con-
j cerned, so far as my individual judgment goes,
The next amendment was to insert:
For rop;wim<? heating apparatus, lai.-iug, icpahmg pas-
sagcj!, painting, Je<j!a/,ing. and extending M'<d-room and
grecn-hou^e aecoidniK to phm. &o.('0U, to lv expended
uridei the direction of the Commissioner oi f uhlie limM-
'"os-
Mr. PEARCE. These repairs arc necessary
if we intend to keep up the establishment.
The amendment wa.s adopted.
The next amendment was to reduce the nppto-
pnation for taking care of the giounds south of
the Piesidont's House, connnuine the improve-
ments of the sann , and keeping them m older,
from £15.000 to iw,OUO.
Mr. HUNTER. That is according to estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike ou
" $75,000," and insert " £,25,000," in the follow-
ing clause:
For the collection of aiiiiculuir.il statistic0. investiga-
tion-! lot prornotsi'c: apiculture and rural economy, ami the
piocuiclient and dibtnhunon ofeutun<« and seeds). £7.;,00U,
to he expended under the direeiion of the Comnn-Moner of
['aJeiit^: ProvvteJ, That the <.,oinnii--io cr idiall icpouto
Conures-. the vai iou* kind ' and amount-; of ^eed^ puielri-od,
and to be pureha-ed, undei thi^ a,>piopiiation, liom whom,
and v\licit obtained, ,md the cv*t of tin; .same. j
Mr. HUNTER. Twenty-five thousand do]- ;
Jars was estimated; and we piopose to cut the
appiopriation down to the original estimate, !
Mr. CL\YTON. 1 hope the amendments
will not prevail. The House appropnated the 1
meonsidei^ble sum oi' £75,000, and the committee
of the House, I understand, bestowed a gicnt 1
deal of attention on this subject. 1 apprehend '
that the whole of tins sum will be required by the
agi icultural interests of the country. V eiy little ,
has cm,i been done for them. All other interests
ai e att' nded tu, bu t \ei v litlie i.s ever done for the
farmers. When the fanner finds that so small a
sum as this for those things which enable him to
extend his improvements, is denied him, lie will
be apt to inquire what you do for otheis. This
is not o hu'i'v sum. I hope it will not be reduced. ,
Mr. SEWARD. I agree with the honorable
Senator lroin Delawaie. 1 am sure no one will
complain that 1 am not liberal in voting appro- ■
priations for great public structures and edifices '
at the national capital. 3 vote "very liberally, I
because I am proud of the capital, and I wish to ;
see it worthy of the nation; but it ought to be re- ;
membered that ri large portion of our citizens will j
never have the favor of setting their eyes upon ;
these great and magnificent structures which we
I would vote against both appropiiations; but I
ll am here as a jepiescntalive of the people of the
;j country, anu I venture to say that, if it were put
ij now to the people of this country to vote which
'! of the appropriations made by the General Gov-
'' eminent best meets their wishes, a large majority
I; of the people of the United States would point to
this very appropi iation for distributing seeds and
for printing the Patent Oflice report. It is the
money of the people. There is no more consti-
tutional difficulty m appropriating $>75,000 than
#25,000, anu 1 am eeitain the people want their
m.mey spent in this way, at least so far as I am
able to judiro from applications made to myself,
I do not receive as many letters on all other sub-
jects put together as I do on the distribution of
these seeds and reports. Now, if $25,000 can
be expended on that interest which sustains the
whole country, which is the great wealth-creating
interest of the country, we certainly can afford
to spend $75,000 or £100,000. The amount is a
mere nothing.
1 state these reasons for my vote, because I
vote against my individual judgment. I think this
distribution of seeds is of very little use; but the
j people think otherwise; it is their money, and
they have a light to control its distribution.
Mr. SL1DELL. This item of $75,000, which
passed the House of Representatives, is intended
to cover an appropriation of fifteen or twenty
thousand dollars, to be applied to the importation
i of cane. [ had occasion, some weeks since, to
1 call the attention of the Senate to the fact, that the
. sugar-cane in Louisiana had become so material-
ly duteiiorated as to tender the future culturc of
i the plant extremely precarious. I think the ma-
. terial interests of the pockets of the people will
' be benefited by the appropriation of £15,000 for
] the introduction of cane. The crop of Louisiana,
: three years since, was four hundred and sixty
thousand hogsheads of sugar. The present crop
will notexcetd one hundred thousand hogsheads,
i 3thus been gradually falling off during the last
two or three vears. A portion of that decreased
production is to be attributed to inclement weather
; and bad seasons—too much cold, too much
, drouth, too much rain—but one very important
' element is the actual deterioration of the cane,
■ which can be remedied only by the importation
' of new varieties. They can only be brought from
: a distance, and perhaps can be more conveniently
' brought by ships of war than in any other way.
j The Secretary of the Navy has entered very
, heartily into this scheme. The Commissioner
of Patents and oil the scientific men connected
are now raising for the benefit and honor of the !' with the Patent Office approve the suggestion,
nation; and all those eyes are directed here to see j; The difference in the price of sugar consumed
what we will do, what we can do, to improve the !! by the people of the United States, caused in a
agriculture of the nation, and to distribute that ij great degree by the falling off of the crop ir.
