1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Persona/ Explanation—Mr. Fuller, of Pennsylvania.
Ho. op Reps.
pf.i legislation could be wiped out and forgotten, ;
if Kansas could be reinstated, and we all made to
stand as before, upon the compromise of 1850 as
a final.ty— ■' sections of the country assenting
to, and "abiding by it:—if this were possible,
without invoking any action of mine, I would
certainly be in favor of such restoration. But I
said there were difficulties which surrounded the
question. What difficulties? First, that in the
present state of parties it-was impossible to legis-
late upon the auestion; and, secondly, there were
constitutional difficulties: a grave question regard-
in® the power of Congress to divide the people
of this country by geographical lines—questions
affecting State sovereignty, State equality, and
other embarrassing difficulties, whicn I ao not
propose to discuss at this time.
There is no inconsistency here—none whatever.
" lie must have optics keen, I ween,
Who sees what is not to be seen."
Why was I opposed to the territorial legisla-
tion of the last Congress ? My answer is found
in the published declarations of Democratic Sen-
ators who voted for its passage. What are
they ? .
Judge Douglas, in a speech at Springfield, in
1849, is reported to have used the following lan-
guage: !
"Alt the evidence's of public opinion at that day seemed
to indicate that the compromise had become canonized in
the hearts of the American people as a sacred tiling, which
no ruthless hand would ever be reckless enough to dis-
turb."
On the. 23d of December, 1851, he made it a
matter of self-congratulation that all his public
acts on the subject of slavery were in perfect har-
mony with the compromise of 1820. On the 4th
of January, 1854, in his report from the Commit-
tee on Territories, he expressed his unwillingness
to depart from the compromise of 1850, by recom-
mending the repeal of that of 1820. Senator
Atchison, as late as 3d March, 1853, expressed
his conviction that the Missouri compromise
could not be repealed, and his willingness to sub-
mit to it. *
General Cass, on the 20th of February, 1854,
expressed his regret that the repeal question had
been introduced .f
The Washington Union, as late as 20th Janu-
ary, 1854, deprecated the measure, spoke of the
compromise of 1820as a " solemn covenant," and
of the attempt to repeal it as an interpolation upon
that of 1850.| They doubted the expediency of
the measure. So did I. They believed the prac-
tical advantages resulting therefrom would not
outweigh the injury which would accrue. So did
I; and I should have acted according to my con-
victions, whatever may have been my views re-
garding the propriety or impropriety of its original
enactment. It was a " solemn covenant;'' a com-
pact of peace made by patriots to supply a casus
omissus of the Constitution, and to save the Union.
The act of 1820 belonged to other men and other
times. I would have refused to condemn their
action, and should have felt myself under obliga-
tion to regard the compromise of 1850 as a finality,
and to oppose any and all efforts to renew the
agitation of the slavery question.
It is further alleged that, in the last canvass,
I defeated my competitor because of his support
of the Kansas and Nebraska bill, and that alone.
That I was elected, the official returns declared;
that he was defeated because of his support of
that bill, I deny. That a majority of our people
disapproved of his action in regard to that meas-
ure, I fully believe; but it is well known at home
that there were, particularly in the county where
we both reside, local issues of a more absorbing
character, which influenced, and to a far greater
extent controlled, that election. The Democratic
candidate for Governor carried a majority in our
district, while mv competitor was defeated by
over two thousand. Four times has my compet-
itor canvassed the district, and thrice has he been
defeated. True it was once contested; but a
Democratic Congress, having fifty-four majority,
decided honorably and justly adverse to his claim.
Twice have I tinned in his defeat; and for these
offenses I neither ask nor expect forgiveness.
The people decided between us; and to their de-
*AppoUUx, (13.) f Appcadu, (13.) (Appendix, (14.) j
cision I shall always bow with respectful defer-
ence. For, whom they will, they will set up; and
whom they will, they will set down.
While upon this subject, I will further say,
that I am afforded the agreeable satisfaction of
being able to entirely quiet the apprehensions of
those members who, during the contest here, saw,
or thought they saw, the bloody ghost of my mur-
dered competitor. I am most happy to say that indi-
vidual yet liveth—his blood is not all cold, nor his
bones all marrowless, nor have his eyes lost their
speculation;for he has very recently, as I am well
assured, exhibited extraordinary evidences of
vitality, in the shape of epistolary correspodence
here, as well as certain remarkable star produc-
tions at home. These remarks may not be con-
sidered entirely in order here; but their propriety
will be well understood at home, and that I make
them simply upon the principle of just compen-
sation for compliments received. 1 have further
to express the hope that his measure of useful-
ness is not yet filled; and while his desires to
" do the State some service" may not have all been
realized, there is yet "ample room and verge
enough" for all his future aspirations.
1 am charged, also, with the singular enormity
of having voted for the gentleman from .New Jer-
sey, [Mr. Pennington.] 1 plead guilty to the
charge. I did vote for that gentleman. I knew
him before I came here. I believed him capable
of discharging the duties of the Speakership with
credit to himself and honor to the country. Fur-
ther than that, I knew his constituents. I know
the people of New Jersey; and while it may illy
become me to spealc of them in the presence of
her able and more eloquent representative, I may
vet say, that having passed eight years of my
life among them, no truer people, none more
loyal to the Constitution, more devoted to the
Union, exist anywhere than are to be found in
that gallant State. No people will more firmly
support the rights of all the States than they of
New Jersey. For myself, I have voted for no
man whom I believed hostile to any section of
the country, or who is in favor of slavery agita-
tion. I am an American, sworn, if you please,
to do justice to all men, and defend the rights of
every section, to support the Constitution, and
to uphold the Union; and this I shall do, God
willing, to the end of the chapter.
To another matter I will allude in this connec-
tion, and that is the final ballot—simply to correct
a misapprehension in regard to it, so far as 1 am
concerned. I paired off with my colleague [Mr.
Barclay] with the distinct understanding upon
my part that my colleague was in favor of the
election of the distinguished gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, who was afterwards elected, and for
the accuracy of my memory in case of disagree-
ment, I shall refer to the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Pennington,] who was present
when the arrangement was made.
While members of the House and others have
been engaged in representing me to the people of
the South as an Abolitionist, a portion of the
public press of the North have, on the contrary,
assigned me another position — that of a pro-
slavery propagandist. Under other circumstances,
I should be disposed to suffer these antagonistic
assumptions to answer each other; but as consid-
erable surprise, real or affected, was expressed
here and elsewhere, because of my position, and
many gentlemen for whose opinion I have great
respect, have taken different views of publicduty,
I am induced, now that the smoke of the conflict
has passed away, calmly and dispassionately to
review the past, to reexamine my own position,
to ascertain if 1 am really changed—if I have
become suddenly translated, and made uncon-
sciously to wheel into some new orbit of political
relation.
My declaration, in substance, was, that 1 would
vote for the admission of States without reference
to the question of slavery. What is the past
history of the Government ? Eighteen new States
have been admitted—nine free, nine slave. It has
thus been nine times solemnly affirmed, that it is
no objection to the admission of a State that its
constitution recognizes slavery. It has been as
oftened affirmed that it is no objection to the ad-
mission of a State that its constitution prohibits
slavery
The proposition to admit a State with or with-
out slavery has thus been eighteen times, in the
history of the Government, solemnly affirmed.
It stands upon the solid basis of repeated sanc-
tion. There is no principle more firmly estab-
lished. President Taylor took the ground, with
reference to California and New Mexico, that the
people of the Territories should decide the ques-
tion of slavery for themselves, when they came
to form their State'constitutions. In his annual
message to Congress, in December, 1849, he
recommended even non-action as to the estab-
lishment of territorial governments for New
Mexico and Utah, preferring that the people of
those Territories should live under military gov-
ernment until they were entitled to settle their
own domestic policy by forming State constitu-
tions, and be admitted into the Union as States;
and these recommendations were strongly reiter-
ated by him in his so-called California message
oh the 21st of January, 1850.
This policy of General Taylor was sustained
by leading popular journals at the North. The
New York Courier and Enquirer, edited then, as
now, by a gentleman of admitted ability and of
wide reputation, in May, 1850, held the following
language:
" What is the precise point in controversy? The North
insists upon positive legislation precluding slavery. The
South insists upon positive legislation recognizing slavery,
either in terms or by silence. Here is the ' wound.' Gen-
eral Taylor recommends that Congress let the matter
entirely alone, and leave the people themselves to legislate
upon the matter to suit themselves. General Taylor does
' deign to disclose' the operation by which the evil will be
cured. He proposes a resort to tlie fundamental principle
of republicanism—the right of the people to govern them-
selves. In this he takes ground coincident exactly with
that of the South in 1847, when Mr. Calhoun asserted the
right of the inhabitants of the Territories to just such self-
government as the President proposes to give them. Is this
doing nothing ? Is there in this no remedy for the evil ? Is
there any man, any party, or any section, which can justly
complain of this policy ? Does it violate the rights, or dis-
regard the interests, of any section ? And is not the princi-
ple upon which it is based, which gives to it vitality and strength,
the principle that the people of every community have a right
to make their own local lam, one which ought to command
the assent of every section, and of every citizen of this
republic V'
The North American, of Philadelphia, also
then and now one of the leading public journals in
niy State, edited by a gentleman of distinguished
ability, in many able and eloquent articles advo-
cates the non-actionpolicy of General Taylor; and
upon the decease of that" good and honest man,"
held the follawing language:
" In the midst of the gloom, however, which the death
of General Taylor has caused, it is consoling to know that
the position he lately occupied in public affairs has been as-
sumed by a man (Millard Fillmore) of the highest personal
integrity, of unquestionable patriotism, and of such views
of public policy as will insure, so far as his action can ac-
complish those great ends, prosperity and peace to the
country." * * * "Representing a party, he will never-
theless prove true to the interests of the entire nation ; and
by maintaining the polity—the broad, comprehensive, urise,
and just policy—marked out by President Taylor, he v~ill le-
! cure to himself the esteem and affection of the people. In our
grief for the untimely and irreparable loss of the great and
good man who has been called away from us, it is a grate-
ful reflection that his official robes have fallen upon one
who deserves to succeed him."
| Similar extracts, from these and other leading
i papers at the North, might be multiplied ad in-
1 finitum.
! Now, I have felt it my duty, with reference to
: slavery in the States and Territories, to declare
in favor of the doctrine of" non-intervention."
" The head and front of my offending
Hath this extent—no more."
Yet I am denounced with having abandoned
the cherished principles of my State and party;
and sober, sensible gentlemen will now declare
that their right eyes shall be plucked out, and
their right arm suffered to wither, before they
will indorse any such abominable doctrine. The
political sky is changed,
Let us inquire what was said by distinguished
gentlemen from Pennsylvania belonging to the
Whig party, in 1850, upon this subject. •
On tne 15th of June, 1850, Mr. Inge, of Ala-
bama, offered a proposition in these words:
"That the people of any portion of said territory, when
assembled in convention, in pursuance of constitutional
authority, to frame a State constitution, have a right to
adopt or exclude African slavery, and their determination
of this question, by the adoption or exclusion ot AfHoan
slavery, shall be no obstacle to the admission of such State
into tbe Union."
