504
APPENDIX to the congressional globe.
[May 10,
34th C6ng....1st Sess.
Personal Explanation—Mr. Fuller, of Pennsylvania.
Ho. of Reps.
This proposition led to discussion, in which
Messrs. Chester Butler and Joseph Casey, from
my State, participated.
Mr. Butler, in a speech made by him, June a,
1850, expressed himself as follows:
  • • "He admitted fully the right of the people to
form their constitution to suit themselves, and when formed,
Uiey were entitled to come here and claim admission as a
State into the Union; and that there is a pro-slavery clause
in their State constitution, forms no insuperable objection
with him to such admission, any more than that an anti-
slavery clause in her fundamental law shall form such ob-
jection. He believed such to be the sentiments of his con-
stitu&its j and so far as his expression of the views he enter'
tained may have an injlucnce, he was wilting to let it go, with
the hope and expectation that it may fic sustained foj those
who hereafter represent those constituents on this floor. j
" Such States have a right to come in on an equality with j
the old States, and to enjoy all the benefits and be subject j
to all the compromises of the Constitution." * * * ,
  « * " He thought if all parties would lay aside their
passions and prejudices, and give fair and lull expression to
tbeirrcal sentiments, the proposition to permit a State to
coine into the Union, with a republican constitution, the
work of her own hands, recognizing or excluding slavery,
ss she thought best, would receive an almost unanimous
vote here. The discussion this morning has furnished
cheering evidence that such would be the result."
" But whether (his would be so or not, Mr. B. thought
there was no use in quarreling about it, and that nothing
was to be gained by refusing to admitaState on thisground.
Suppose a State should offer herself with a constitution
containing a clause permitting slavery, and Congress should
strike out the clause and then admit her, could the not, as
soon as she could call a convention ol' her citizens, alter
her constitution, reinstate the pro-slavery clause, and admit
slavery ? If she does so, would she not still be a State of
the Union, on an equality with'the other States? There
ii no doubt of. this, nor that, if a State (California, for in-
stance) should be admitted with an anti-slavery clause, she
could immediately afterwards change her constitution in
this respect, and become a slave State. Mr. B. did not see
when there would be any remedy, even if Ohio or any other
State which came into the Union under the operation of
the ordinance of 1787 should change her constitution and
become a slave State. If she did, however it might be a
breach of that compact, her Senators and Representatives
Would not be turned away from the doors of the Capitol as
intruders, having no right there. No, sir; she would still
be n State of the Union, with the rights of a sovereign
State. He would add, it is true, the admission of a slave
, State carries with it that feature of the Constitution respect-
ing representation which is so objectionable to some.
Slaves cannot vote, though three fifths of them are repre-
sented : this is fixed by the Constitution under which we
all live; and however much any gentleman may wish it
otherwise, it is not such an objection as would influence
him to vote against the admission of a State."
Mr. Casey, another able and eloquent Repre-
sentative, expressed the same views, as follows:
" And I ask leave to inquire of tlie gentleman, whether
his proposition is intended to apply to all the territories ac-
quired by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, or whether it is
intended to apply merely to the Territories embraced in the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri ?
" Mr. Inge. The proposition is confined expressly to the
Territories embraced in the amendment of the gentleman
from Missouri. It has no reference to any other.
" Mr. Casey. I am in favor of the principle j but if that
is the intention and view with which the amendment is
offered, 1 am opposed to it.
" Mr. Inge. I will say that the principle is true in its
application to all the Territories.
" Mr. Casey. If it is made to apply to all, I will vote for
the proposition; and I take occasion to say, in my place,
that if California had come here with a recognition of slavery
in her constitution, I should have voted for her admission,
if there were no other objection. I said so the other day in
answer to the gentleman from Kentucky; I said that if New
Mexico comes here recognizing slavery in her constitution,
I will vote for her admission. I am not deterred from the
assertion of a principle by an appeal to my constituents any-
where, I have avowed myself here, and at home, and
everywhere, against ultraism." ******
" I am in favor of the President's plan, which the gentleman
from Tennessee has alluded to. I tell him, sir, that I am
Hot afraid to assert the principle embraced in that plan."
Such were the views of Messrs. Butler and Ca-
sey, and such the position taken even by Senator
Seward, in kis celebrated California speech, on
the 11th of March, 1850.' In that speech that
distinguished gentleman declared, in reply to a
question put to him by Senator Foote, of Missis-
sippi, as follows: " 1 reply, as I said before, that,
even if California had come as a slave Stale," * * *
" I should have voted for her admission." It is true,
he afterwards said he should vote to admit no
more slave States, tiniess " under circumstances ab- j
solutelynecessary." This is a qualification, so far
as hjs own action is concerned; but he concedes
the principle annou need in Mr. Inge's resolve; and,
conceding that, no qualification as to what he might
deem "circumstances absolutely necessary" can
change his position, so far as the principle is con-
cerned. I made no qualification or reservation,
far the simple reason that, if the principle be cor-
rect i' will admit of none.
la i cl r;ng my sentiments upon the floor of
the House, I could not be justly charged with
having in view any increased suffrage or any ex-
pectation of an election. I knew then, full well,
the opinions I announced would not accord with
the prevailing sentiment here. I knew full well
that my declaration would be seized upon by ;
enemies at home, whose interest it was to
" Distort the truth, accumulate the lie,
And pile the pyramid of calumny,"
the more industriously to carry on their work of
abuse,misrepresentation, and detraction. As no
measure t£ prospective censure deterred me then,
so no degree of multiplied reproach has disturbed
me since. I could not—I would not—surrender
my personal independence, or purchase popular-
ity at the price of my convictions. I was pre-
pared to adopt this declaration of the great Senator
of Massachusetts, the expounder of the Consti-
tution :
" I shall know but our country. The ends I aim at, by
tile blessing of God, shall be my country's, my God's, and
truth's. I was born an American,! live an American, and
I shall die an American ; but I mean, to the extent of my
abilities, to perform the duties incumbent upon me in that
character, whether public or private, to the end of my
career; and I mean to do this with an absolute disregard of
personal consequences. What are personal consequences ?
vVhat is the amount of all the good or evil that could betide
an individual, in comparison with the good or evil which, in
a crisis like this, may happen toagreat nation? Sir, let the
consequences be what, they may to me, I am careless. No
man can hardly suffer too much, and no man can fall too
soon, if he suffers or if he falls iri defense  f the liberties
and the Constitution of his country."
In conclusion, I am in favor of liberty—con-
stitutional freedom—freedom North and freedom
South. I will draw no lines'of social or physical
geography across this continent of ours. No
river or mountain by any act of mine shall ever
divide the affections of the American people. The
Territories of the Union, acquired by common
blood and common treasure I would have free to the
natural and unrestrained occupation of northern
and of southern men. As in time of war they
marched to battle side by side, and shoulder to
shoulder, so now in time of peace let them move
arm in arm to the possession of a common heritage
—let the hardy pioneers of all sections press for-
ward with their families, with their implements
of industry, with their bibles and their school-
books, with whatever else under the laws and the
Constitution they may possess, to reclaim the
wilderness, to make for themselves homes, to
establish well-regulated liberty, to build up a
common country, and perpetuate a great Amer-
ican nationality. Above all, let them hold fast to
the Union. In it alone there is strength, there is
power, there is glory. With it we have nothing
to fear; without it, nothing to hope.
Let us, then, each and all, resolve, with " stead-
fast and inflexible purpose, to preserve against
all enemies, and with our hearts' best blood, this
glorious Union indissoluble and forever."
APPENDIX.
(!•)
Letter addressed to Harry Connelly, Esq., of Philadelphia,
before the meeting of Congress, and since published in
the newspapers.
Wilkesbarre, Wednesday, November 21,1855.
Mr dear Sir : Absence from home has delayed reply to
your esteemed favor of the 12th instant.
In regard to my opinion in the matter to which your
letter refers, I will simply remark, that I supported the
compromise measures of 1850, and have not changed my
views upon the subjects they embraced.
The question of slavery I have ever been disposed to
leave witn the people of the States where it exists. Know-
ing that its discussion heretofore has been productive of evil
and mischief, I am opposed to its further agitation. Had I
been a member of the last Congress, I would have voted
against the repeal of the Missouri compromise. My opinions
having been overruled is this matter, I shall abide by the
law as it is.
I am making a hurried preparation to leave for W ash-
ington. I hope to see you about Tuesday of next week.
Hastily, yours, truly,
HENRY M. FULLER.
(2.)
[From the Montour American, of January 15,1856. J
"This, we presume, is the ground occupied by Hon.
Henry M. Fuller. He regards abolitionism or slavery
propagandism, as no part of our creed as members of the
American party; but owing to the contradictory statements
in reference to the position of that gentleman, we refrained
from applauding or censuring his course; and while Mr.
Fuller may express opinions contrary to our own, yet we
, have unshaken confidence in his integrity and in his devo-
tion to the great principles that lie at the foundation of the
American party; nor can we believe that he would abandon
the ground on which he was elected for any place in the
gift of Congress—knowing, too, that the doctrines of non-
intervejition on the subject of slavery were indorsed by Aim
previous to his election."
(3.)
Extract from the Debates of Mr. Randolph's proposition tn
the Virginia House of Delegates, for the gradual abolition
of slavery, in January, 1833.
" Mr. Bolling. of Buckingham, said: This is a grave
and important subject—one that ought to be, and will be,
considered. Its importance demands that it should be con-
sidered and debated here, and is not, as some gentlemen
think, a reason that it should be passed in silence, and acted
upon in secret. No, sir, our action should be calm and dis-
passionate ; but open, bold, and manly. Sir, that it is an
evil, a great and appalling evil, he dared believe no sane
man would or could deny.
"Nor, sir, can it be denied that it deprives us of many of
those advantages, facilities, and blessings which we should
enjoy, had we a more dense white population. That it is a
blighting, withering curse upon this land is clearly demon-
strated by this very discussion itself.
"Notwithstanding eastern gentlemen had waxed so warm,
there are many, very many in Eastern Virginia who had
rather resign their slaves gratuitously, than submit to the
ills of slavery; many who bad rather turn them loose and
leave them behind, while they should seek a happier clime—
a land alike a stranger to slaves and slavery.
" Mr. Marshall, of Fauquier, said : The utmost latitude
of debate had already been tolerated, and no injury could
now accrue from a temperate expression of his sentiments
on the general question. He felt himself at liberty to say
that he was opposed to slavery as a practical evil. He ob-
jected to slavery, not because it implies moral turpitude, or
because it is a sin to be the owner of a slave. If it be a
sin, let it fall on those who introduced the evil and have
transmitted it to their offspring." * * * "Wherefore,
then, object to slavery ? Because it is ruinous to the whites ;
retards improvement; roots out an industrious population;
banishes the yeomanry of the country; deprives the spinner,
the weaver, the smith, the shoemaker, the carpenter, of
employment and support. Our towns are stationary, our
villages almost everywhere declining, and the general aspect
of the country marks the curse of a wasteful, idle, reckless
population, who have no interest in the soil, and care not
how much it is impoverished.
" Mr. Chandler, of Norfolk, took occasion to observe
that he believed the people of Norfolk county would rejoice
could they, even in the vista of time, see some scheme for
the gradual removal of this curse from our land. He waa
! desirous to see a report from the committee declaring the
slave population an evil, and recommending to the people
of this Commonwealth the adoption of some plan for its
riddance.
" Mr. Berry, of Jefferson : Sir, I believe that no cancer
on the physical body was ever more certain, steady, and
fatal in its progress, than is this cancer on the political
body of the State of Virginia. I admit that we are not to
be blamed for the origin of this evil among us ; we are not
to be blamed for its existence now; but we shall deserve
the severest censure if we do not take measures, as sbonaa
possible, to remove it.
" Mr. Faulkner, of Berkeley: Sir, there is one point in
which I do most sincerely agree with those who are arrayed
against me in this discussion. It is that the proposed in-
quiry is one of great delicacy and transcendent importance.
The revolution which agitated this Commonwealth fifty
years ago, great and important as it was, involved in it*
results but a change of our political relations with the
mother country. This measure, should it prove successful
—and that it must, sooner or later, no individual in this
House can now reasonably doubt—must involve in its con-
sequences a moral, physical, and political revolution in this
State; a revolution, which will be beneficially felt by every
great interest in the Commonwealth, and by every slave-
holding State upon this continent. I BhaU ever reckon it
amongst the proudest incidents of my life that I have con-
tributed my feeble aid to forward a revolution so grand and
patriotic in its results. The idea of a gradual emancipation
ahd removal of the slaves from this Commonwealth is coeval
with the declaration of your independence of the British
yoke> It sprung into existence during the first session of
the General Assembly subsequent to the formation of y<tur
Republican Government. It was proper; there was a fit-
ness of things in the fact that so beneficent an object as
the plan for the gradual extinction of slavery in this State
should have been the twin offspring of that mind which
gave birth to the bill of rights and to the act for religions
freedom. A fact so honorable to the public spirit and
humanity of that age, so worthy of the genius and expanded
philanthropy of those with whom it originated, cannot be
too often recurred to, nor too proudly cherished. Slavery,
it is admitted, is an evil. It is an institution which presses
heavily against the best interests of the State. Being thus
injurious, have we not a right to demand its extermina-
tion }
"Mr. McDowell, of Rockbridge: We know that the
blessings of our position, and soil, and climate, are coun-
tervailed by the apathy «f our public counsels, and by our
exclusive reliance upon voluntary labor. Our interestsand
senses proclaim the progress of general decline; conscience
and experience attest that slavery is its principal cause. Do
we not contemplate Virginia justly when we regard her as
meager, haggard, enfeebled, with decrepitude stealing upon
her limbs, as given over to leanness and impotency, and as
wasting away under the improvidence and the inactivity
which eternally accompany the fatal institution which she
cherishes, and cherishes, too, as a mother who will hazard
her own nfe rather than part even with the monstrous
offspring that afflicts her? If I am to judge from the ton®
of our debate, and from the concessions on all hands ex-
pressed, there is not a man in this body—not one,perhaps,
