2114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GI.OBE.
August 14,
Louisiana, does not amount to less than five or
six millions of dollars a year. When we made
four hundred and sixty thousand hogsheads in
Louisiana Sugar was a drug, and sold with diffi-
culty from two and a half to three cents a pound.
Since the falling off of this crop the same quality
of sugar has commanded from seven and a half
to eight and a half cents a pound in market at
New Orleans. That increase of price does not
apply only to the four hundred and sixty thou-
sand hogsheads grown in Louisiana, but to the
whole importation. I am not making an extrav-
agant assertion when I say that the loss of the
sugar crop of Louisiana would cost the people
of the United States, in the enhanced prices of
sugar, at least four or five millions of dollars a
year. I perceive that my friend from California
has some little reminiscences of sugar, and of a
discussion that occurred in another place. I hope
he will not allude to it here, but will bear me out
on that subject, and will assent to the passage of
this appropriation, which I think imperatively
called for by the best interests of the country.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to endeavor to get a
little information. I will ask the Senators from
Louisiana from what clause of the Constitution
they derive the power to appropriate money for
sugar-cane for the benefit of the planters of Lou-
isiana, or any seed to distribute among them? I
have not been able to find it myself.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will answer my friend
from Georgia according to the regular Yankee
mode, if he' will first answer mr, another question.
What clause of the Constitution authorizes the
appropriation of #25,000, and not $75,000?
Mr. IVERSON. 1 waa going to .say that I
lmvo not been able to satisfy myself that the j
Constitution confers any such power on Congress I
as is embraced in this provision. I am as much '
opposed to the appropriation of $23,000 as of j
$75,000. 1 should be happy to vote for the larger j
amount if I were satisncd that Congress had |
power to make the appropiiation; because I be
Iieve the money could as well he expended in tiiis i
way as any (nher, if you look at the mere benefit
the expenditure is to coaler on tin1 people; but I
desire to know whtre you detive the power to
take money out of the Treasury, out of the pock-
ets of my constituents, and put n into the pockets
of the constituents of the Senator from Louisiana,
to buy sugar-c?me for them. It is the exercise
of the same nrburniy power which (he Emperor
of France has exercised lecently, by which he
appropriates millions of the public treasure to
indemnify those injured by (lie floods s'Mit by
God. Ills the exeici.se of unlimited power. I
deny that there is any constitutional provision
that authorizes it, and, tlieiMore, 1 shall vote
against both the appropriation of $75,000 and
$25,000. If any gentleman can satisfy me that
we have the constitutional power, I will vote for
$75,000.
Mr.WELLER. The Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Sudeli.] seems to put this appropriation,
so far os sugar-cano is concerned, entirely on the
ground thai the enne litis deteriorated in Louis-
iana; that they have been cultivating sugar-cane
there for a series of years, until it has become
unprofitable to cultivate it with the cuttings or
seeds they now have; and what do they ask?
They ask the Govimnment of the United States
to expend $15,000, in order to enable them to get
new seeds. Nuw, sir, com has deteriorated m
the Slate whore 1 reside; but I never thought of
asking Congress for an appropnai ion of ten or
fifteen thousand dollars, m order to get better seed
to plant there. Why cannot you curry out this
principle' If Congress is undt-ran obligation to
make an appropi uuion of £15,000 to supply a
State where se< d has detenoiated or degenerated
in the cultivation of sugar-cano, why cannot you
apply it to everything else ?
Mr. SLIDRL'L. It the Senator from California
wants an answer, I will give him one very read-
ily. I have no doubt he has sent a great many
varieties of corn to his own constituents, pur-
chased and impoitud by these appropriations. I
have done so.
Mr. WELLER.. So have I, but I never heard
that it improved my constituents' corn. In this
ease the people of Louisiana have cultivated the
sugar-cane m that State until it is deteriorated,
and they are not able to raise as much sugar as
formerly, and they want an appropriation from
the Federal Treasury to enable them to get better
seed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adam*, Bigg*?, Bright, Brodhead,Brown,
Cass, Clay, Dodge, Houston, Hunter, Iver&on, Jones of
TYnne^ee, Mallorv, Pugh. Keul, Thomson ot New Jer&ey,
Weller, Wilson, and Vuiee—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Benjamin, Bigter, Clavton, Durkee, Fessenden,
Fi*h5 Foot, Gever, Hale, Harlan, Piatt, Sebastian, Seward,
Shdell, Stuart,* Tiumbull, Wade, and Wiight—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. IVERSON. I should like now to move
to strike out that clause.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) That motion is not in order at the
present time. The practice is first to go through
with the amendments of the Committee on Finance
before receiving any others.
The next amendment was to increase the ap-
propriation for completing the bridge at the Little
Falls of the Potomac, from §5,000 to $75,000.
Mr. HUNTER. The estimate was for $75,000,
and the House put m $5,000. The Committee
on Finance moved to restore the appropriation to
the amount of the estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the effect of making
this bridge dispense with the necessity of another
bridge across the Potomac ?
Mr. BROWN. I do not think it will. There
is no connection between the two. The Little
Falls bridge is two or three miles above George-
town, and has no sort of connection with the
other bridge.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
To enable the Secretary of State to purchase one hun-
dred copies, each, of Audubon's tk Birds of America,'' and
'• Clu<idi iipeds <>l Noi ill Amcm pre>( marion ro foreign
Governments, in reim n for v.ilu ibte woi ks  ent by them 10
the Government of the United States, 6,000.
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senate will not con-
cur m the amendment. This appropriation is
asked by the Secretary of State. I had a copy
of his letter to the Speaker of the House, but I
gave, it to the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
"Mr. HUNTER. I admit the Secretary asked
, for it.
j Mr. PUGII. The Secretary has asked for it.
I Foreign Governments have presented to our Gov-
J eminent valuable works,and he desires to return
I their civility. He has selected these works, which
j I think the Senate will agree are the most appro-
j priate presents the Government of the United
States could make. They are woiks of estab-
lished character. In fact, 1 do not think it is neces-
sary to add anything, as every Senator must be
familiar with them by, reputation at least.
Mr. PEARCE. This gentleman spoke to me
about this proposition, and I believe I should have
no objection to it if the number had been smaller;
but there are certainly not more than twenty-five
Governments in the world, if that many, from
whom we ever receive piesents of books, and I
take it twenty-five copies would enable us to re-
turn civilities of this kind. One hundred copies
are excessive, because we do not want to give
the same book over and over again to the same
Government; and there are not more than twenty-
five Governments to receive them. If it were mod-
ified so as to be twenty-five, instead of a hundred,
copies, I think it would meet the approbation of
the Sena fe.
Mr. CLAYTON. This subject was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the
committee authorized me to make a report, and I
have prepared a report and a bill, for the purpose
of complying with the wishes of the Secretary of
State, to be found in a letter to the Speaker of
the House of Representatives, of the 25th of
March, 1856. He says:
''Sir: I inclose a copy of a letter addicted to me by
V. G. Audubon, with the lemark that n often happens
that toreign Governments present to that of the United
State- valuable work*, and it is de-irable to have similar
woiks- to offer in lemin therefor. ; The Birdt- of America,'
and 'The (-iuadiupeds of N'oith America,' would be veiy
proper books tor that, purpose."
The Secretary has thus expressed the desire
to have these works, for the purpose of enabling
him to reciprocate thefse courtesies which are
extended to us by other Governments, and inake
suitable presents, which are highly acceptable to
foreign Governments. We have been in the
habit of making such presents, I think, from the
beginning of the Government. I do not suppose
that one hundred copies would be an improper
number. My friend from Maryland says there
are not Governments enough v/ith whom we
exchange to require one hundred. I do not know
precisely how many there are with whom we
exchange, but 1 suppose that greatly more than
twenty-five, or double that number, might be
found to whom it would be proper to send this
book. We have now, besides Mexico, some six
different Governments in Central America; and
extending thence southward to the extremity of
the continent perhaps there are some twenty.
How many there are in Europe it is not necessary
for me to state to the Senate. One hundred seems
to have been the number fixed on at the State
Department. I would suggest as a compromise
that the number be reduced to sixty, and I make
that motion. Then the appropriation will be for
sixty copies of this work, which will, I suppose,
very nearly, if not quite, meet the wants of the
Department, and the sum will be reduced by this
amendment from $16,000 to $9,600. I make that
motion, and I hope it will be adopted, and the
section passed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON. I hope the Senate will now
refuse to strike out the clause.
The motion to strike oat was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert the following as a new
section:
See. 4. Jlnd he it further enacted, That, in the office of
the Commissioner ot tire General Land Office, the Secre-
tary of the Intenor shall be authorized to take nine clerks
of clas* three, in charge ol branches ot service, and put
them in class four; and m addition to those now allowed
by law. the PrMma^ei General >hall be authorized to
employ four eleiks ot class one; and the sum of .$6,600 is
heieby appiopnated, out of any money in the Treasuiy not
otherwise appropriated, to pay siu h increased compensa-
tion and the clerks thus authorized, including arieais now
due to temporary clerks to the 30th of June, 1857.
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment was to insert, as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
j lire Tmasuiy be authored to purchase for the United
1 State* the three •-toies at the Atlantic dock, af the pott of
j New Voi k, now held by the United s?tate< under a lease
; for a term of jeans; and the sum of .^lUO.OOO, or so much
j thereof a> may be lequired for the puipose, is heieby ap-
| piopuated. out of an v money m the Treasury not otherwise
| appiopnated: Provided, That the title to said store--, and
| thegioinid  theicunto belonging, shall be made to the United
| States m feueh manner a& shall be satisfactory to the Pies-
i idem.
! Mr. HUNTER. The rent which accrues on
| the unexpired lease is §102,000 It is proposed
! to buy the fee-simple for $100,000. Tlie aiffer-
' encc between the rent we should have to pay, and
• the sum required to purchase the fee-simple, with
: six per centum interest, is &2G,00(), which is the
real sum we are to pay for the property.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
| ments reported by the Finance Committee are
now disposed of.
S Mr. HUNTER. T have one further amend-
1 nient to oiler from the Committee on Finance:
; Jind be it further enacted, That the commissioner under
j the treaty with Great Ihitain, of June 5, 1854, shall be
allowed the sum of foui dolluis pci diem for subsistence,
; the same to be paid out of the nppiopi lotion made on the
1 1-tof Au«u?t, 1856. lor the pro-ecu turn of the work including
■ pay of commissioner and all othei expense*, provided m tlie
first articlc of the reeipiocity tieaty with Great Britain.
I That sum hos been estimated for; but owing to
j' the fact that no law has been passed allowing it,
i although there has been an estimate, it has not
! been allowed. It is already provided for in the
' estimate, and is covered by an appropriation; but
! there being no express law for it, it may be again
; refused.
' The amendment was agreed to.
| Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the Com-
\ nuttee on the District of Columbia, to offer several
amendments to this bill, which I proceed now to
! do. The first is to come in after the appropria-
! tion for United States court-rooms in Uuca, New
i York:
j j For the alteration and improvement of the court-room in
j1 the City Hall, in the city of Wa&hmgton, in the District of
j, Columbia, the sum of $2,500.
11 The amendment was agreed to.
