1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to hear the res-
olution of the Senator from Ohio?
The PRESIDENT. None has been offered.
The Senator gives notice that he will at some
future day offer a resolution.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. A resolution to what
effect?
The PRESIDENT. Declaring that the Sena-
tor from Illinois is not entitled to a seat. The
Chair did not understand the Senator from Ohio
to name any day for the consideration of the
subject.
Mr. PUGH. I was waiting for other Senators
better acquainted with the business of the Senate
to name a day. There are so many special orders
that I hardly know what day to name. I shall
submit to the convemcnce of the Senate. I sup-
pose, however, that the Senate is disposed to
settle this question at an early day; and I bog
leave, therefore, to suggest Monday week.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ohio
moves to postpone the consideration of the sub-
ject relating to the seat of the Senator from Illi-
nois until Monday week, and make it the special
order for that day, at one o'clock.
Air. CRITTENDEN. Unless some resolution
be olfered, there is no question before the Senate
to be postponed. You have discharged the com-
mittee from the consideration of the subject, and
theie is no .subject before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. It is the impression of
the Chair that there should be a resolution or
something, to act upon.
Air. PUGH. I understood that the report of
the committee was before the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have a resolution
prepared, which, if acceptable to gentlemen, I
will olfer, unless the Senator from Ohio is pre-
pared to offer Ins.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will receive
tin- lesolutiun of the Senator from Kentucky.
Air. BUTLER. My friend fiom Ohio is en-
tirely right in 1 elation to this matter. The com-
mittee have been discharged from the further con-
sideration of the subject, and it is nc-w competent
for any member to oiler a resolution, either as-
serting that the gentleman from Illinois legally
holds his seat or that the seat is vacant. Tile
committee are now free from the whole subject.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That Lymo Thumbuu, is entitled to a seat in
tins body as a Senatoi, eloctod by the Lti^islatino of the
State o: Illinois, lor the term of six years nom the 4th ot
March, la33.
I will consent that the resolution shall be post-
poned to any day that is agreeable to the Senate.
Air. PUCfH. I am willing that xho discussion
shall take place on the lesolution of the Senator
from Kentucky.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope the earliest day
will be fixed.
Mr. SEWARD. The Senator f,omOhio sug-
gests Monday week.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am not particular as
to the precise day.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ohio
names Monday week.
Air. CRITTENDEN. Would not an earlier
day be satisfactory to gentlemen? I would pre-
fer an earlier day.
Air. STUART. I move that the subject be
postponed to Monday next,and made the special
order for that day.
Air. SEWARD. We have a special order for
that day.
Mr. STUART. I believe that under our rules,
if that special order does not come up on the day
fixed, it will be the first business in order on the
next day.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Michigan to postpone
this question until Monday next.
Air. FOOT. I wish to submit to the Chair
whether tins is not a question of privilege—such
a one as takes pieeedence of all others?
The PRESIDENT. Of couiwe. The Chair
will set aside all other business for it on thoday
which may be assigned for its consideration.
Air. Stuart's motion was agreed to; and the
resolution of Air. Crittenden'was made the spe-
cial order for Monday next,
COST OF PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. JOHNSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and, as it is merely one of inquiry, I askfor
its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the different hr ads of Departments of the
Government, judicial and executive, be dnected to furnish,
for the information of the Senate, a statement of any and
all sums of money which have been paid oi agreed to be
paid for printing foi each of the several bureaus and offices
of such Departments, during the year ending December 31,
1855, which has not been executed under the piovtsions of
the act of 26th of August, 1852, regulating the priccsofthe
public printing.
Mr. President, there is an impression resting
on the public mind that the expense of printing
for Congress, and the executive Departments of
the Government of the United States, amounts to
$2,000,000 per annum. Now the fact is, that it
appears, from the information before us, that the
cost of all the printing done in obedience to the
law of 1852, does not amount to moie than
$600,000 a year. This resolution calls fur a state-
ment of all printing which is not done under the
1 provisions of that general law. "When we obtain |
i that statement, we shall know something of the true !
i amount annually paid for printing, and by what i
! process these expenditures have been swelled. It 1
| is right that this information should be furnished :
I to us. There is evidently a very great mistake i
| resting on the public mind, and on the minds '
1 of Senatois, so far us I have had conversation '
| with them, in regard to the printing expendituics, !
' or else there is a very vicious piactice somewhere :
by which the provisions of the law have been in j
some mode evaded or disregarded. The Com- ;
mittcc on-Printing desire to obtain information on
this point, and therefore I olfer this resolution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
EXTRA PRINTING.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to make a report on the me-
1 mortal of George Jones, a chaplain on board the
j frigate Mississippi during the Japan Expedition,
| praying to be allowed five hundred copies of a
i volume of Commodore Peiry's woik, compris-
1 ing his observations on the zodiacal li^iit. Those
; observations, I believe, were taken almost on-
i tirely under the superintendence of tin* <?.entle-
! man, who attended thnt expedition. The Senate
I has already ordered the printim: of five thousand
| copies of the report of the Japan Expedition,
I one thousand of them for the u*o of the head of
that expedition. This is an application for five
: hundred additional copies of the particular work
| over which this gentleman had the supermtend-
j ency in the course of the expedition. The com-
; mittee report adversely to allowing the prayer of
i the petitioner. Tins is a unanimous report, and
i it is made on the ground that when the Senate
J provided one thousand copies for the bend of the
; expedition, out of the five thousand ordered for
| the use of the Senate, it was done under the sup-
' position tIn*t those copies would be used for dis-
1 tribution amongst the officeis of the expedition,
I and that all claims of this sort would be properly
settled by the gentleman at the head of it. The
committee, therefore, report adversely on the pe-
tition.
The report was concurred in.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. JOHNSON. Iam also instructed by the
Committee on Printing, who were directed to in-
quire as to the pi oper number of copies to be printed
of the mechanical portion of the Patent Odlce re-
port, to report the following orch-r:
Ordered, That there he punted, m pddition to th<* u-*ual
number, twenty-«even thousand eop-e^ of tiicrepoitol the
ComrmsHionei oi'Pat^nts relating to ait> and -m tineaciure?,
two thou-and of winch shall be loi the iw Oi the Conimis-
i-ionei of Patents.
This is the same number which was ordered
last year. The committee saw no reason for
diminishing it; but, on the eontiary, believe it to
be just and proper to print twenty-seven thousand
copies of tins work.
!j The order was agreed to.
j COAST SURVEY REPORT.
ij Mr. JOHNSON. Some days since, an order
'! was referred to the Committee on Piintmg, winch
' was offered by the honorable Senator from ATa^y-
. land, [Air. Pharce,] relative to printing-additional
i copies of the report of the Superintendent of the
j Coast Survey for the year 1855. The committee
\'< to whom that was referred reported :t b,vk with
!; an amendment
The order proposed by Mr. Pearce was:
Ordered, That ten thousand copies of the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating the report of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the year 1855, in
addition to the u^ual number, be printed; Ave thousand
copies thereof for the use of the Senate, and the remainder
for distribution by the Coast Survey Office ; and that the
same be printed and bound, with the plates, in quarto form;
and that the plates be piinted under the direction of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
The amendment of the Committee on Printing
was to strike out the words, " and that the plates
be printed under the direction of the Superintend-
ent of the Coast Survey."
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand that some Sen-
ators object to striking out those words; but I do
not know that it is necessary for me to call atten-
tion to the subject,unless itis seriously proposed
to resist the amendment of the committee.
Air. SEWARD. Does the Senator call for the
consideration of the resolution now? I want time
to consider it.
Mr. JOHNSON. We have reported back the
resolution, and, unless the Senator objects, I hope
it will be considered at once.
Mr. SEWA11D. I hope it will be postponed
until to-morrow. 1 wish to inform myself as to
the merits of the question.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the words which the
committee propose to strike out will be retained,
and other words added to them.
The PRESIDENT. The subject will be post-
poned until to-morrow, if there be no objection.
FORTIFICATIONS.
The bill (S. No. 102) making appropriations
for certain fortifications in Florida, Texas, and
California, reported by Mr. Weller from the
Committee on Military Affairs, was, on his mo-
tion, read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate the following sums
for the construction, preservation, and repairs of
fortifications, for the year ending June 30, 1856:
For Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, $150,000.
For Fort Jefferson,Tortugas, Florida, $150,000.
For fortifications for the defense of the entrance
to Galveston harbor and bay, Texas, $80,000.
For fortifications for the defense of the entrance
of Paso Cavallo, Texas, $40,000.
For fortifications for the defense of the entrance
of Brasos Santiago, Texas, $80,000.
For fortifications at Fort Point, entrance to
San Francisco bay, California, $350,000.
For fortifications at Alcatraz Island, San Fran-
cisco bay, California, £200,000.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have no objection to this
bi'l, and 1 shrill prnbahlv give it my vote; but I
should like to learn from the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, who has reported
it, what arc the reasons which require specific
appropriations for these points which do not apply
to any others; and what are the reasons why a
general bill has not been reported including all
fortifications r
. Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, the appro-
priations for the fortifications of the country are
usually presented to the Senate by the Committee
on Finance. They have charge of that subject.
The Senate have, however, seen proper to refer,
by resolution, to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs the propriety of making appropriations for
the fortifications included in this bill. We ha\c
obtained jurisdiction of these fortifications—three
of them being new works—by resolutions adopted
by the Senate. We must look to the Committee
on Finance for the general and usual appropria-
tions for fortifications. 1 doubt not but tfiat at
the proper time they will report a bill for the
various other works which are indispensable to
the defense of the country. The Committee on
M ihtary Affairs have reported in these cases under
the instructions of the Senate; and we regard them
as among the most important points of ail our
works of defense.
Mi. FISH. I would ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia, who is at the head of the Committee on
Military Aifairs, whether we are to understand
that this bill embraces all the new fortifications
which that committee intend to recommend to the
Senate r
Mr. WELLER. I said to the Senate, a few
moments ago, that the Committee on Finance had
charge of appropriations for works of fortifica-
tion;" and the Committee on Military Affairs have
>/
