1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Mr. MASON. I wish to say something to the
Senate on the subject nf this bill. I would do it
now very rhrerfully, but that I know the vote
cannot be taken to-night. I will move, therefore,
to defer it untjl to-morrow, or any other day
which the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs will assign; and then I shall ask the Senate
to procced to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. JCXES, of Tennessee. If the Senator
from Virginia desires to be heard on this subject,
1 have 110 objection to the postponement. But
for that. I should have suggested to the Senate to
fix Tuesday at one o'clock for taking the vote;
if, however, the Senator from Virginia desires to
be heard upon the subject, I shall not make such
a motion.
Mr. MASON. I understand that, on Monday,
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. SumxerJ
has the floor, by arrangement, on the Kansas
question. 1 piop<">se, therefore, to postpone the
further consideration of this bubject until Tues-
day.
Mr. M ALLORY. I trust the Senate will come
to some general understanding, that we may have
a vote on that day. I have not heaid that any
other Senator desires to address the Senate upon
this question; if so, of course I must yield to
the wishes of the Senate; but, as I do not under-
stand that the discussion will procced further, I
hope the Senate will come to a general under-
standing to take the vote on Tuesday next. I
make this request in compliance with a sugges-
tion made to me by one of the opponents of the
bill.
The motion to postpone to Tuesday next was
agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Barclay, Assistant
Clerk, announcing that the Speaker of the House
had signed the following enrolled bill, winch
thereupon received the signature of the Presi-
dent pro tempore:
An act granting public lands in alternate sec-
tions to the States of Florida and Alabama, to
aid in the construction of certain railroads in said
States.
ESTIMATES OF APPROPRIATION.
A message was received from the President of
the'United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, communicating a report from the Secretary
of the Interior, containing estimates of appropria-
tions required in fulfillment of treaty stipulations
with Indian tribes; which, on motion of Mr.
HUNTER, was referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein; the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 16, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of the bills re-
ported from the Court of Claims, on which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ritchie] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I ask the unan-
imous conscnt of the House, and the indulgence
of my colleague, to report a bill for paying the
expenses incurred m relieving the sufferings and
sickness of emigrants to California, detained at
Panama some four years ago. I have been en-
deavoring to get the bill m for weeks past. I do
not ask tor action on it now; only that it be referred
and tak'"- its place on the. Calendar.
Mr RITCHIE. My colleague will excuse me;
but if I vield to him I must do the same toothers;
I insist on the regular order. I have allowed it
to be postponed for a month, and it will not be
thought strange if I demand that I shall proceed
with my remarks.
Mr. JONES. Very well, then.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickies, its Secretary, informing the
House that it had agreed to the amendments of
the^House to Simnte bill (No. 125) defining the
duties of commissioners of elections in the city
of Washington, and for other purposes.
THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. RITCHIE. Before giving my reasons for
differing from the gentlemen from Alabama [Mr.
Wat.kf.r] with regard to the judicial power as-
serted by him for the Court of Claims. I wish to
expiess my entire concurrence m ail that he has
said of the high character and ability of the gen-
tlemen composing that court. That gentleman,
in his speech, which I find reported in the Globe,
uses the following language:
I have caretulh and thon^htfuUv examined this act,
and I can jeadi no other eonehision than iliai the tnbnual
bioujilit into existence i«\ it is.to all intents and purpo-.<* , a
courts liaviusr the attribute and chaiacteiHitc-, of' wdvicd
powcu 11* creation autiiou/,ed by the Constitution, m pur-
suance ot Us piovision-, ;md that jt uiu-t now he tee.irded
as a pait of our Fetfejal ludieiaty. Toted h\ the ouhnaiv
rales lor the mtoipretation of statute?., we will nnd that the
act establish^ a couitaecoidinjjto the h'jMi meaninc; of tile
teim. In rite rii -.t pbee, there is the title of the act 'i hough
we may not consider the title of an aet.stnctl> speaking, a-=
a part ot the act, yet we can look to the title mdeteiniinmu
the natuio and ehaiaetcr of the aet itself. The title is • to
establish a court for the investigation of claims njjamsfcthe
United State*.''—not an outside committee or hoaid, with
110 judicial power—not a creaune auxiliaiy to Congress—
but a court, a constitutional court, and, theieforc, by"virtue
of its organization, independent of Congress. As we pto-
eeed, thi^ will become manifest."
The first clause of section first of article third
of the Constitution is as follows:
" The judicial power of the United States shall be vested
in one ^upiemc Omit, and 111 Mich interior couits as C011-
£ie«-s may fiom time to time establish.''
And the first two paragraphs of section second
of the same articlo, are as follows:
" The judicial power shall extend to nlloa«,i'*,m law
and equity, an-ams under this Constitution, the laws of the
United States.and tieaties made, or which shall be made,
undei their authority ; to all ea^c: affecting embassador-*,
•other public ministers and consuls ; to all ea-^es ot admir-
alty and maritime jurisdiction ; to controversies to which
the United Stales shall be <1 paitv , to controversy • between
two or more States between n St.iie and citizen* of anothet
State, between citizens of different States, between citizens
ot the same State claiming lands. under grants ot different
States, and between a State, or the citizens thereof, and
fotoign States, citizens, or subject*.
'• In all casus affecting embassador?, other public minis-
ters, and consuls, and those in which a State shall be a
party, the Supreme Court shall have original jurisdiction
In all the other cases before mentioned, the Supieme Couit
shall have appellate jurisdiction, both as to law and (act,
with such exceptions, and under such regulations, ad the
Congress shall make."
At an early period of the history of the Gov-
ernment, a controversy arose with regard to the
true construction of the words, between a
State and citizens of another State;" and of the
words, "111 all cases m which a State shall be
a party.5' In regard to the true meaning 01 those
words I cite here the opinion of Alexander Ham-
ilton, contained in the Federalist, No. 81. I cite
here this opinion of Mr. Hamilton, because of
his eminence, not merely as a man of plain com-
mon honesty, but of a refined and scrupulous
sense of honor. His opinion is as follows:
'•Though it may rather be a digression fiom th^ imme-
diate subject of this paper, 1 sh<ill"takeoecasion to itn ntion
heie a supposition which has excited some alarm upon very
mistaken grounds. It has been suggested lint an align-
ment of the public securities of one State to the cmz iis of
another would enable them to pro-ecute that Stale in the
Federal courts for the amount ot those securities, a ^uy-
ttestion which the following consideration* piove to be
without inundation.
" It is inherent in the nature of sovereignty not to be amen-
able to the suit of an individual uHkoirtil$ < otueul. Thi-i.s
the general sense, and the general practice of mankind : and
the exemption, as one of the attnbutes of sovero'gntv, is
now enjojed by the government of ever}' State m the Umon.
Unless, theiefore, theie is a surrender of tin* immunity in
the plan of the convention, it will icmam with the States,
and the danger intimated must be mereh ideal. The cir-
cumstances which aie necessary to pioduce an alienation
of State soveieignty were di^cu^scd 111 consiaenng the ar-
ticle of taxation, and need not be lepcated heie. A iceur-
lenco to the principles there established will satisfy iks that
theie is no color to pietend that the State governments
would, by the adoption of that plan, be divested of the pnv-
llese of paying their own debts in then own way, fh e fiom
every constraint but that which flows fiom the obligation."
of good faith The contracts between a nation and indi-
viduals aie only binding 011 ihe conscience of the sovereign,
and have no pretension to a compulsive flues-. They
no right of action, independent of the sovereign will 'J r>
what purpose would it be to authouze suits against States
tor the debts they owe ? How couhl recoveries be enforced ;
It is e\idem that it could not be done without waging war
against the contracting State ; and to a-ei ibe to the Fedeial
courts, bv meie implication, and in rie.it'uetnm ufapi°-
existwg right of the State government*, 8 power winch
would involve such a consequence would be altogether
forced and unwairamable."
This view of Mr. Hamilton was overruled by
the Supreme Court of the United States in the
case of Chisholm vs. Georgia, 2 Dallas, 419.
This decision of the court was contrary to the
understanding of the convention which framed
the Constitution, as expressed by Hamilton, and
contrary, also, to the sense of the nation; and,
therefore, the eleventh amendment of the Consti-
tution was proposed at the second session of the
Third Congress. That amendment is in these
words:
"The judicial power of the United States phall not be
construed to extend to any suit in law oreqmty,eomme'iced
or prosecuted against one ot the United States by citizens
of another State, or by citizens or subjects of any foreign
State."
But even in the case of 2 Dallas, it was con-
ceded by the Attorney General, in the argument,
and by the whole court, that the words, "'contro-
versies to which the United States shall be a
party," did not enable anyone to sue the United
States.
"■ li is ob-ci vable, that the language used does not con-
fer upon any couit eoimi/.ance of all controversies to which
the United States shall be a party, m> as to justify a suit to
be biought against the United States without the consent
of Congress.; and the language was doubtless thus guaid-
edlv mtioduced lot the purpose of avoiding any such con-
clusions. it is a known maxim, justified by the genera!
sense and practice of mankind, and recognized in the law
of nations, that it is inherent 111 the nature of sovereignty
not to he amenable to the suit of any pnvate per&on with-
out its own consent."* This exemption is an attribute of
toveieignty, belonging to every State in the Union ; and
was designedly retained by the National Govcrnment."f—
3 Stoiy's Commcntai ics. sees. 1669, 1670, 1671, 1672.
"The gieatest difficult} anscs in regaid to the contracts
of the National Government; for, as they cannot be sued
without their own consent, and as their agents are not re-
sponsible upon any Mich conti acts, when lawfully made,
the only icdie«s whuh can be obtained must be by the
instrumentality ot Conines, cither 111 proudmsj (as they
ma\) tor suit-' in the common courts ol justice to establish
such claims by a geneial law, or by a special act for the re-
lief of the paitieuiar paitv. In each case, however, the
redress depend---olely upon the legi-lauve depaitment, and
cannot be admme-teied except thiough its favor. The
lemedy 1^ by an app"al to the pMiee oi the nation in that
loi um, and riot in any court ot justice, as matter ot right." —
See. 1671, m Jive, p. o40.
It is clear, therefore, thatthe " judicial power'*
created by the Constitution of the United States
docs not extend to cases in which the United
States are defendants. JN^o judicial power in such
cases is created by, or contained m, the Consti-
tution; and, of course, no such power can be
drawn from it. x\. thmgeannot be procured from
a place whore U is run.
Congress has power, and is bound by the Con-
stitution, to organize a supreme court, and such
| inferior courts as may seem necessary or conve-
nient tor the transaction of business, but these
i courts derive their "judicial power" from the
; Constitution, and not from the act of Congress.
| The act merely arranges organs and modes of ex-
i ercisingthe power conferred by the Constitution.
! In these courts, when once established, the whole
judicial power of the United States vests imme-
diately by force of the Constitution, and Congress
can neither enlarge nor restrict it.
"If then, U w a duty of Comrress to vest the judicial power
of the United States, it is a duty to vest the whole judicial
powei. The language, if impeiativo a:> to one part, im-
perative as to all. If it w ere otherwise, tins anomaly would
c\i-r, that Congress might successively refuse to vest the ju-
risdiction in any one class of ea«es enumerated in the Con-
stitution, and th'ciebv deieat the juriedtrtion as to ail; for the
, Constitution has not .slurried out any eia^s on which Con-
cress arc bound to act m preference to others.''—3 Story,
I str. 15b6.
! Section 1584, Martin vs. Hunter, I Wheat. R.,
; 31)4,316. The language of the third article through-
j out is manifestly'designed to be mandatory upon
i the Legislature. The judicial power of the "United
States shall be vesica, (not may be vested.) The
court cites language as to Congress: "all legisla-
tive powers herein granted shall be vested m a
Congress of the United States''.—(Sec. 1585.)
" The ex^cuthe power .shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of the United {Status."
Any tribunal which Congress may create with
other powers than those named in the Constitu-
tion, extending to eases not included 111 the terms
of the Constitution, proceeds from the sovereign
A Federalist, No. 81; Chisholm vs. Georgia, 2 Dallas, 419,
478; 1 lilackstone's <.0111., 241 to 243; Cohens t-s. Virginia,
: G Wheat., 08U. 411 to ill. , ^
I f Locke on Government, part % sec. 205; Punenaorn s
1 Law of Nature and Nations, book 8, cMp 10; Yauei, book
1 1, chap. 4, sees. 49, 20.
