506
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 1,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board•—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
ted bv no dark gulf of disunion, but interpreting the laws
of a common eSuntry, shielded by the same glorious flag.
Resolved That we wish neither lot nor part with men
who in pursuit of their own dogmas, malign the memory
of Wa«iun<non—that we know nothing of any "higher
law" paramount to the Constitution—that we regard that
instrument as the lushest achievement of human intelect,
holding out the only sure hope of man amidst the dark
waves of legitimacy. By it we have lived, and by it we
wish to die; and we feel assured that this*' Dagon" twice
fallen, which the Philistihes would again set up, will be
broken by the breath of the American people.
(12.)
Senator Atchison, in a speech as late as March 3,1853j
held the following language:
" It was my opinion" * * * " that the law of
Congress, when the State of Missouri was admitted into
theUmon, excluding slavery from the Territory of Louis-
iana north of 36° 30', would be enforced in that Territory,
unless it was specially rescinded; and whether that law was
in accordance with the Constitution ot the United States or
not, it would do its work, and that work would be to pre-
clude slaveholders from going to that Territory. But when
I aunt' to look into that question, I found that there was-no
prospect, no hope, of a repeal oi the Missouri compromise
excluding slavery from that Territory." * * * "I
have always been of opiniou that the first great error com-
mitted in the political history of this country was the ordi-
nance of 1767, rendering the Northwest Territory free. The
next great error was the Missouri compromise. But they
are both irremediable. There is no remedy for them. We
must submit to them. I am prepared to do it. It is evident
that the Missouri compromise cannot be repealed."
(13.)
In a-speech made by General Cass in favor of the non-
intervention policy, on the 20th of February, 1854, he used
the following language on the subject:
" Mr. President, I have not withheld the expression of
my regret elsewhere, nor shall I withhold it here, that this
question of repeal of the Missouri compromise, which opens
all the disputed points connected with the subject of con-
gressional action upon slavery in the Territories of the
United States, has been brought before us. I do not think
the practical advantages to result from the measure will
outweigh the injury which the ill-feeling, fated to accom-
pany the discussion of this subject through the country, is
sure to produce. And I was confirmed in this impression
from what was said by the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Dixon,] and
from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] and also by the re-
marks which fell from the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Hunter,] and in which I fully coneur, that the South will
never receive any benefit from this measure, so far as re-
spects the extension of slavery; for, legislate as we may, no
human power can -establish it in the regions defined by
these bills. And such were the sentiments of two eminent
patriots, to whose exertions we are greatly indebted for th#
satisfactory termination of the difficulties of 1850, and who
.since have passed from their labors, and, I trust, to their
reward. Thus believing, I should have been better con-
tent had the whole subject been left as it was by the bill
when first introduced by the Senator from Illinois, without
any provision regarding the Missouri compromise. I am
aware that it was reported that I intended to propose the
repeal of that measure, but it was an error. My intentions
were wholly misunderstood, t had no design whatever to
take such a step, and thus resuscitate a deed of conciliation
which liad done its work, and done it well, and which was
hallowed by patriotism, by success, and by its association
with great names, now transferred to history. It belonged
to a past generation; and in the midst of a political tempest
which appalled the wisest and firmest ra the land, it had said
to the waves of agitation, Peace, be still! and they became
still. It would have been better, in my opinion, not to dis-
turb its slumber, as all useful and practical objects could
liave been attained without it. But the question is here
without my agency."
(14J
Subsequent to the motion made in the Senate to repeal
the Missouri compromise, the Washington Union of 20th
January, 1854, expressed itself as follows :
" We are free to declare that we should have been con-
tent to see the question (of repealing the Missouri compro-
mise) left where the compromise of 1850 and the bill of
J udge Douglas both left it; and yet it would be uncandid
in us if we did not add, that a clause in the compromise of
1850, and in Mr. Douglas's Nebraska bill, declaring the
act of 1820 null and void, because it contravenes the prin-
ciple of congressional non-intervention, would have made
both of these measures more in consonance with our opin-
ions and wishes. But we accepted the acts of 1850 as they
were passed, and approved their passage as a final com-
promise ; in the same spirit we have been content with the
perpetuation of that compromise as proposed by Mr. Doug-
las's Nebraska bUl."
The same article proceeds to call it a solemn covenant as
follows:
"We have never yielded totheMissouri compromise any
Other obligatory force than that which attaches to a solemn
covenant entered into by two opposing parties for the pres-
ervation of amicable relations. To such considerations
we have felt hound to yield as ready an acquiescence as if
the compromise was the law of the land, not only in form,
but in substance and reality. Viewed as a legal question,
we should be constrained to pronounce it unsustained by
constitutional authority; viewed as the evidence of a com-
promise of conflicting interests and opinions, we have been
ready to waive the legal question^ and to abide faithfully
by its terms. If we have studied the southern sentiment
correctly, this has been the view taken of the Missouri
compromise in that division of the Union." * * * *
" Prudence, patriotism, devotiontothe Union, the interest of
the Democratic party,all suggest that the public sentiment,
which now acquiesces cheerfully iu the principleof the com-
promise of 1850, should not be inconsiderately disturbed."
Alluding to the repeal, the same article speaks of it as
an interpolation, as follows:
" Wc may venture to suggest, that it is well worthy of
consideration, whether a faithful adherence to the compro- j
mise, and which has been so triumphantly indorsed by the
people, does not require all good Democrats to hesitate and
reflect maturely upon any pro]K>sition which any member I
of one party can object to as an interpolation upon that j
creed. In aword, it would be wisein allDemocrats to con- |
sider whether it would not be safest to < Let well enough
alone.' To repeal the Missouri compromise mightj and,
according to our view, would, clear the principle ot con-
gressional non-intervention of all embarrassment; but we
doubt whether the good thus promised is so important that
it would be wise to seek it through the agitation which
necessarily stands in our path. Upon a calm review of the
whole ground, we yet see no such reasons for disturbing
the compromise of 1850 as could induce us to advocate
either of the amendments proposed to Mr. Douglas's bill."
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
SPEECH OF HON. R. TOOMBS,
OF GEORGIA,
In the Senate, May 1, 1856.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having under
consideration the resolutions of Mr. Ivkrson for the ap-
pointment of a Special Committee to examine the members
of the Naval Board under oath—
Mr. TOOMBS said: Mr. President, and Sen-
ators: It is with reluctance that I venture to
claim the attention of the Senate for the further
discussion of this grave and important subject.
But its importance demands it; and demands it the
stronger, because of the extraordinary and uncon-
stitutional assumptions which are relied upon to
sustain the action of the late naval board. Under
color of an act of Congress, passed the 28th of
February, 1855, entitled "An act to promote the
efficiency ofthe Navy," two hundred and one offi-
cers of your Navy have been disrated or dropped
from the service. Seventy-nine of these officers
have memorialized this body against the execution
of this law. There are many considerations which
entitle them to a hearing, but it is sufficient that
they assert that they have been wronged, illegally
wronged in their characters and in their positions
as officers in the service of the country. Their
chief complaint is not of the law, still less of
the liberal, or rather munificent provision which
that law makes for the worthy officers who
rightfully come within its operation. The objects
of this law met the general approval of the naval
service, and well they might. Whatever wrong
was inflicted by the act itself, fairly construed,
was inflicted upon the public; the wrongs com-
plained of by the memorialists, if inflicted at all,
were perpetrated against the law, and by those
who were charged with its execution. All of the
memorialists complain that they have been de-
prived of their rightful positions in the service of
the country contrary to law; some of them com-
plain that they have been put upon trial for high
crimes and misdemeanors, and condemned, and
sentence executed against them, not only against
the provisions of the general law, passed for the
fair and impartial trial of officers of the Navy,
but without the sanctions which the Constitution
and laws throw around the meanest criminals;
and others, again, complain that while they stand
to-day before theip comrades and countrymen, in
the full vigor of manhood, with characters hith-
erto blameless, without even the shield of phys-
ical, mental, or professional incapacity to protect
them against dishonorable imputation, they have
been condemned and disgraced, without an ac-
cuser or an accusation, and robbed of their good
names, by the '' speechless obloquy of mute innu-
endo." If these things be true, we perforin but
half our duty by rendering justice to the petition-
ers: we should vindicate the outraged principles,
not only of legal but of universal justice.
I now invite your attention to a careful and
critical examination of the act of the 28th of Feb-
ruary, 1855. It is deficient in perspicuity, yet
not complex. It is inconsistent, but its incon-
sistencies are patent. If it had been carefully
drafted with the intent to accomplish what it was
unsafe to avow, it might fairly claim considerable
merit in its execution. But let it speak for itself:
An Act to promote the efficiency of the Navy.
Be it enacted ly the Senate and House of Representatives
ofthe United States of Americain Congress assembled, That
as soon as practicable alter the passage of this act, the
President of the United States shall cause a board of naval
officers to be assembled, to consist of five captains, live
commanders, and five lieutenants ; which board, under
such regulations as the Secretary of the Navy may [ire-
scribe, shall make a careful examination into the efficiency
of the officers of the grades hereinafter mentioned, and
shall report to the Secretary of the Navy the names and
rank of all officers of said grades who. m the •judgment of
said board, shall be incapable of performing promptly and
efficiently all their duty both ashore and afloat; and when-
ever said board shall believe that said incompetency has
arisen from any cause implying sufficient blame on the part
of the officer to justify it, they shall recommend that his
name be stricken altogether from the rolls. Vacancies
occurring in said board shall be filled by the Secretary of
the Navy, who shall preserve the number and grades of its
officers, as aforesaid : Provided, That no officers upon said
board shall examine into, or report upon, the efficiency of
officers of a grade above them.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all officers who
shall be found by the said board incapable of performing
the duties of their respective offices, ranks, or grades, shall,
if such finding be approved by the President, be dropped
from the rolls, or placed, in the order of their rank and
seniority at the time, upon a list in the Navy Register, to be
entitled the reserved list; and those so placed on the re-
served list shall receive the leave-of absence pay, or the
furlough pay, to which they may be entitled when so placed,
according to the report of the board and approval of the
President, and shall be ineligible to further promotion ; but
shall be subject to the orders of the Navy Department at all
times for duty; and vacancies created in the active service
list, by placing officers on the reserved list, shall be filled
by regular promotion in the order of rank or seniority. And
officers who may be promoted to fill the vacancies created
by the reserved list shall, while unemployed, receive only
the " leave-of-absence " or " waiting-orders" pay to which
they would have been entitled if such promotion had not
been made; but, when unemployed at sea, or on other
duty, they shall receive, in addition to such "leave-of-
absence " or "waiting-orders" pay, the difference between
the "waiting-orders" or "leave-of-absence" pay and the
lowest sea-service pay of the grade to which they may be so
promoted: Provided, That this scrutiny and reservation
of officers shall extend only to the grades of captain, com-
mander, lieutenant, masters, and passed midshipmen: Jlnd
provided, further, That all vacancies occurring in the grades
of masters shall be filled by the promotion of the senior
passed midshipmen, to be entitled masters in the line of
promotion, who, when promoted, shall receive the pay
allowed by law to masters; that the number of masters in
the line of promotion shall not exceed sixty, and that
nothing in this act contained shall be held or construed to
authorize any increase of the aggregate pay of the said
grades, or of the naval service, as now allowed by law.
Sec 3. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this
act contained shall be construed to restrict, apply to, or
impair, the regular promotion of officers in the service list
of the Navy who may be at any time entitled to promotion
—consequent upon deaths, dismissals, or resignations, in
the naval service—nor in any manner to abridge or impair
the right of the Secretary of the Navy to place any officers
upon furlough.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this
act shall he so construed as to increase the aggregate num-
ber of officers; and that all laws, or clauses of laws, so far
as they conflict with the provisions of this act, are hereby
repealed.
Approved, February 28, 1855.
I have already spoken of the objects of the
law. The next idea which arrests the attention
of its expounder is, how this fundamental fact of
incapacity is to be ascertained ? This law answers,
that this shall be done by a board of fifteen officers
of the Navy, " which board, under such regula-
tions as the Secretary of the Navy may prescribe,''
shall make "a careful examination into the effi-
ciency of all the officers of the Navy of specified
grades, and " report to the Secretary of the Navy
the names and rank of the officers of said grades
who, in the jxidgment of said board,'' shall be thus
incapable; and when such " finding" of the board
shall be approved by the President, it shall be
carried into execution. In the ascertainment of
•the controlling fact of incapacity, upon which
everything else concerning the officer turns, it is
commanded by Jaw, that there shall be "a careful
examination of each case by the board; the
result of said examination shall be reported to
the Secretary of the Navy; and this report, this
judgment, this "finding of the board, shall ba
"approved" by the President. These are the
guarantees which the laxo gives the officer. It is
scant justice. Who would as"k that they should
be less ? Are they so liberal as to demand abridg-
ment? They are inadequate; but I only demand
their strict fulfillment. I say strict fulfillment.
This proceeding is statutory; it is against the
common law; it is against common right; and
therefore it is entitled to nothing but what is
clearly granted. Have these proceedings been so
