1242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
will and pleasure of Congress alone, and derives
and can derive no authority whatever from any
other source than Congress.
American Insurance Company vs. Canter, 1
Peters, Sup. C. R., 545 and 448. Speaking of
the territorial courts, the Supreme Court, per
Marshall, Chief Justice, says:
" These courts are not constitutional courts, m which the
judicial power conferred by the Constitution on the Gen-
eral Government can be deposited. They are incapable
of receiving it. They arc legislative courts, created in
virtue of that clause which enables Congress to make all
needful rules and regulations respiting the territory belong-
ing to the United State*. The juusdic non with winch they
are invested is not a pai t of that judicial power which is
defined in the third article of the Constitution, but is con-
ferred by Congress in the cxcrcise of those general powcis
which that body possesses over thcTciritorios of the United
States. Although admiiahy pmsdiotion can be exercised
in the States m those courts only which arc established in
pursuance of the third aiuUc of the Constitution, the same
limitation does not extend to the Terntones. In legislating
for them, Congress cxcicises the combined poweis of the
General and of a State Government."
However Congress might be bound in good
faith and honor to rcspect the decisions of the
Court of Claims, it is not possible that it should
have from the Constitution any judicial power
.over Congress whatever, it having been shown
already that the judicial power of the United
States does not extend to cases in which J ho
United States arc defendants, it follows inevitably
that a court organized by act of Congress to try
eases in which the United States are defendants,
could have no judicial power from tin' Constitu-
tion, no matter what might be the terms of the
act. To aftirm the contrary would be to affirm
in effect that an act of Congress could introduce
a new power into the Constitution; or, in other
words, that an act of Congress could add to or
amend the Constitution of the United States. The
objection to the theory of the gentleman from
Alabama is not merely that the present Court of
Claims has no judicial power over the United
States, but that ihe judicial power of the United
States, no matter m what court or by what form
of words it may be vested, does not extend to
cases in which the United States are defendants.
The power of any couit, in cases vvheie the
United States arc defendants, whatever it may
be, is no part of (he judicial power of the United
States, norcan jiul teial power be exercised m any
case where the United States are defendants.
The customary rules of judicial proceedings in
cases between individuals may be observed in
cases where the United States permit themselves
to be named as defendants, m order to ascertain
what sum the law points out as due from the one
party to the other; but the decision in any such
ease does not emanate from, nor can it be enforced
by virtue of, any judicial power known to the
Constitution.
The gentleman from Alabama adopts, from the
brief of the Hon. George Robertson an argument
with reference to the fourth and seventh yedion.s
of the act establishing the Court of Claims. That
argument is as follows:
"The provision of the fourth '■eetion, reserving to Con-
gress the power to icvei^c a judgm"nt u aimt a petitioner*
wo* made toi the putpo..o ol securing to the citizen* the
constitutional guarantee or the light to petition Cnnjrre^
for relief. Uut theie u no re^et vauon of any such power ol
reversal of a judgment in lavor of the petitioner ; anu the
express lescrvation m the one cla^s ofea-*cs3 and tho non-
reseivauon ot it m the other, eleaily nnplv that it was not
intended to exist m the latter class-, and especially as thcie
was a consistent rea-on lor it ui the litst and none m iIjc
last. Without revei-mg <i judgment against a claimant.
Congicss would have constitutional power, on petition, to
grant relict, notwithstanding the judgment; and tins, thcie-
,tore, would l)e avntunl iever«nl. JJut it would have n< 
power to divest a citizen of a risht vested m hitn by the
judgment of a court having cognisance ol his case. And,
even if such power exited, it "would be inconsistent with
the policy and object of the statute to eiercise it The pro-
vision m the seventh section reqummr the court to icnort
to Congress us judgment*, the 1'aeN. &c.. does not show
that, if Congress cuuid constitutionally ovemilc a judgment
of a comt of the l-nited States in favor ot a einzen, tiiar
power wa*intended to be ic&eived in that cla^s of cases ;
and especially a* the act is silent as to that, while it ex-
pressly lC^erves the power in the opposite ciacs of case.-,
in which alone there was any consent or constitutional
leasomor it. But that piovision m the seventh section nmv
bo presumed to be intended tor preserving, among the
archives ot the lmpeachiniraud aboh'hme department of the
Government, lecoid evidence of the purity. impartiality,
fidelity, ability, and u^cfulue^s of the now and experimental
court; and ako to have the most authentic evidence of the
judgment and it* amount, and of the facts and arguments to
&how that the court had jmwhction, and that it-* judgment
is therefoie binding. And tin- i* the only consistent inter-
pretation of that provision, unless Congress supposed tlMt,
if, on an inspection of the rccord,itshouJdconsidertheiudg-
ment unjust, it might withhold any appropriation for satis-
fymgif. But if it could rightfully w.thhold payment, that
would not imply thatitcould control, oi intended to control,
the judgment itself, or the couit in rendering it; all such
pretension would not only be inconsistent with the plain
ob(ccts of the statute, but unconstitutional."
The fourth section referred to in that opinion
is as follows:
" That, m ail cases where it shall appear to the court that
the facts set forth in the petition of the claimant do not
furnish any ground for relief, it shall not be the duty of the
court to authorize the taking of any testimony in the ca^e
until the same shall have been reported by them to Congress,
as is hereinafter piovided: Provided, howeier, That, if Con-
gress shall, in such case, fail to confirm the opinion of saul
board, they shall piocecd to take the testimony in such
case."
The seventh section is as follows:
'•That said eourfshall keep a iccord of tiicir proceedings,
and shall, at the commencement of each session of Con-
gress, and at tho commencement of cat h month dunng the
session of Congress, report *o Congress the c,is.es upon which
they «ha!l have finally aceod, stating in each the material
facts which they lind established by the evidence, with their
opinion in the case, and the reasons upon which such opin-
ion is tounded. Any judge who may dissent from the opin-
ion of the majority shall append in- lousons for such dis-
sent to the rcpoit; and such icport,together with the briefs
of tho solicitor and of the claimant, which shall accompany
the rcpoit. upon being made to either House ot Congiess,
shall be punted m the same manner a-s otber public docu-
ments. And said coiut shall prcpaio a bill oi bilh, m those
ca.-f' which shall have received the favorable decision
thereof, in such foim as, if enacted, will cany tho same into
< liei t. And luooi moiu ea o nmv be embiaeed in tho
s'une bill, where the separate amount proposed to he allowed
m each ea^e shall he less than one thoiwmd dollars. And
the said com t "-halltian-mit, with said repoits, the te-rnnony
1.1 each ea. e, wheilu-j the same shall icecive the favoiablo
oradveise action of said couit."
Judii
£> The
5 the power to reverse a judgment a^ninrt a petitioner,
s Robertson'k opinion says:
provision of the fointh sccUoii, reawins. to Con-
was made loi tiu* puipo&e oi't?eeiiung to the citizen-* tho
con^titiitiuiml j'uaianiee of the light to pennon Congress j
lor lehel. lint tbmc is no reservation ot any -ueh power !
oi leversal of a judgment in favoi of the petitioner; and the, ;
express i enervation in the one class ot ca^es, and the non- ;
reservation of it in the other, oleaih implv that u was not
intended to cxi-t m the lattei class, and especially as there .
was a consistent reason for it in the fust and none in the
last." ;
Congress cannot bo said to have reserved .
power tu revuise a judgment in a case "\vheru it ,
lias granted no power to pronounce a judgment. :
It IniN given no power to the court to pronounce !
a judgment either for or against a petitioner, arid
cannot therefore he said to have reserved a power
to reverse a judgment. In fact, that clause of the
sentence cited, under the appearance of yielding 1
something to his opponents, begs the whole ques- 1
tion as to the power of the court.
It is true there is no reservation of power to ■
reverse a judgment in favor of a petitioner, and
it is equally true that there is no power given to
the court to enter any such judgment.
The judge remarks further:
uTh:it OongK"-s would have no power to divest a citizen
of a ii^it veiled m linn by the judgmeut of a couit havmg
cognizance of his ca^e,"
It js true thai Congress would have no power
to divest a citizen of a right vested m him by the
judgment ofa couit having cognizance of his case.
It is equally true that this court has no such cog-
nizance of any case as to vest in any citizen, by
its judgment, a right over which Congress would
have no power. But it is not worth while to j
remark upon the opinion any further. Everything J
in it goes upon the assumption that this is a court, j
vvi'h constitutional power to bind Congress by '
judgments. The assumption is a mere fallacy;'
and the deductions from it fall with the assump- ;
tion. •
The Constitution of the United States has
neither created, nor authorized the creation of, any
tribunal to sit m judgment over the Congress of:
the United States. Congress is sovereign with 1
regard to its obligations. It will execute the dic-
tates of wisdom and justice, because they are
wise and just, but not upon compulsion by the
judgment of any court. To the Court of Claims
thorn is no power given to enter any judgment at
all for or against any one. By virtue of the pro-
visions of the act establishing iheCourtof Claims,
the judges state, in a report, the material facts, and
their opinion upon the facts, and in cases where
their decision is favorable to the claimant, they .
arc to prepare a bill " in such form as, if enacted, ;
will carry the same into effect;" but they have j
no power to enter a judgment, orto issue process 1
of any kind founded upon judgments. All that j
the court can do is to make*a report, accompa- ;
nied by a " bill in such form as, if enacted, will
carry their decision into effect." The sole power
and right to give effect to their decision remains
in Congress. Without the act of Congress, tho
decision has no effect. Aside from all consider-
ations of the sovereignty of Congress, the act
itself would not give, does not pretend to give,
any effect to the decision of the court, without
the action of Congress. On the contrary, the
act has been drawn with jealous care, to prevent
any implication of an intention to give any effect
whatever to the decisions of the court, without
the subsequent action of Congress. It is indeed
wonderful that an attempt should have been
made in so plain a case, to place the court upon
different ground. But powerful and ingenious
minds, taking as a postulate that something
which, in their judgments ought to be done, can
be and has been done, have adopted a course of
reasoning on this subject, calculated "to entangle
and perplex the understanding," but which,
when properly examined, cannot obscure or
change either the constitutional power of Con-
gress, or the terms of the act to establish the
Court of Claims. These are perfectly clear,and
give not the slightest foundation for the claim of
power over Congress, which has been set up.
Everything which the court is required to do is
altogether at variance with the views presented
by the gentleman from Alabama.
"They are to make reports," &c.
Why'are the facts and reasons required, if
Congress is bound by ajudgment, and can inquire
no further?
"Anyjudge who may dissent," &c.
Why are dissenting opinions called for, and
the briefs of the solicitor and claimant, if Con-
gress cannot act upon them?
"The. court shall prepare a bill."
Why this clause, if the judgment of the court
is final >
Finally: " The court shall transmit the testi-
mony,"'^.
Like all the other clauses cited, this can only
be accounted for on the ground of the complete
control of Congress over the whole subject.
The gentleman from Alabama alleges, further,
that the Court of Claims is an inferior court,
deriving judicial power from the Constitution, and
that its decisions cannot be revised or reversed by
the legislative power. He says:
"The CoiiMituhondeclareslhat Mho judicial power shall
bo vMed m one Supieme Court and such inieiioi courts as
Comite--. shall o.slain and e-nabh-h.' That m.-tiumcnt not
on!} empow ri~, but jequncs (-ongiess to Oidam mid estab-
lish tho-e mfcnoi <-our!~. The language is mandatory and
imperative. Ui,a Congress shall oidam and establish infeiior
couits. Well, mi, in pacing the act creatine the Couit of
Chums, you but ea; ned out this constitutional requirement.
You 'ordained and cstabli>hed5 an 'inferior eouit'under
tho Constitution. Vim made it a pait of our judicial}" sys-
tem, and, ;i=s <.uch, claiming and deriving judicial power
ftom t!i° Constitution. Its decisions cannot be revised or
revolted by the legislative powei. \ou cannotimpose upon
it am other dune-, than those of a judicial character. The
attempt to mn'vo it n mere adiisory council has no sanction
undei the Constitution."
The inferior courts contemplated by the Con-
stitution are those which oie inferior by relation
to :he Supreme Court, and m which, together with
the Supremo Court, the judicial power granted by
the Constitution is vested. Butthe judicial power
granted by tho Constitution, as I have already
shown, does not extend to suits against the United
States. When the Constitution speaks of supreme
and inferior courts, it had in view not merely
the relative importance of the business before
the courts, but the fact that appeals and writs
of error wouid he from one to the other. It
would not. be proper to use the terms of Supreme
and inferior with reference to courts having no
relation to each other m the way of appeal or
review. But the Court of Claims has no relation
whatever, cither of superiority or inferiority, to
any other court. It is independent altogether of
the courts in which the judicial power is vested
by the Constitution. It is a tribunal established
by Congress to assist in the proper discharge of
one of its own functions, ft was justly supposed
that the court wouid greatly contribute to an
enlightened and honest exercise of the power of
Congress, but no attempt was made to tiansfer
(if such a thin<^ were possible) any power or
function vested in Congress by the ConRfitut:on.
One of these functions, placed by the Constitu-
tion beyond the control of the judicial power of
the United States, is the power of deciding with
