■m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
not taken jurisdiction of any of them except,those
especially referred to them by the Senate. I am
not prepared to say whether the Committee on
Military Affairs will make any report on that sub-
ject at all. I think not, unless so instructed by
the Senate.
Mr. FISH. If I understand the practice, the
Committee on Finance merely report appropria-
tions for works already commenced.
Mr. RUSK. And for new ones, also, I think.
Mr. FISH. The chairman of the Committee
on Finance can put me right.
Mr. HUNTER. Strictly speaking, the juris-
* diction of the Committee on Finance, as I under-
stand it, is confined to those works already in
existence. It is true, the general bill frequently
contains appropriations for new works; but, strict-
ly speaking, such appropriations ought to come
from the Committee on Military Affairs; and the
Committee on Finance oughtonly to report appro-
priations for those works already authorized by
law. Still, in the hurry in which the general
appropriation bills are often passed, from the
necessity of the case, it has very frequently hap-
pened that in the general fortification bill are also
•to be found appropriations for new works. For
that reason, it seems to me, this is within the
jurisdiction of the Committee on Military Affairs.
These are new works entirely.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I think we ought
to adhere to the jurisdiction of the committees.
-The fact of having two committees acting on the
same subject at the same time necessarily leads
to confusion. One may determine not to appro-
priate for a particular fortification, and another
may determine to doit. Unquestionably the pro-
priety of a proposed fortification is a question for
the Committee on Military Affairs. That has
been almost uniformly, I believe, the course of the
Senate. But after an appropriation ha s been de-
termined on; in other words, after the Senate have
determined that a particular point ought to be
fortified, and an appropriation made, then it is
proper for the Committee on Finance to consider
the propriety of continuing the appropriation.
That I believe has been the general practice, and
if not the universal, I believe it should bo.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, the explana-
tion afforded by the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs is perfectly satisfactory to me
to a certain extent; but beyond that I do not
think it is precisely satisfactory to the Senate. I
. concur in the opinion which has been expressed
by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] that
the Committee on Military Affairs is the appro-
priate committee for originating appropriations
for new fortifications; but when those works have
been commenced, the continuation of them is by
appropriations made in pursuance of law, and
those appropriations most properly come from
the Committee on Finance.
The Senator from California tolls us that a
part of the appropriations proposed in this bill
are for new, and a part of them for old works;
and that the Committee on Military Affairs have
only acted on such resolutions as have been sent
to them. I find no fault with the action of the
committee on that point; but if they have in-
cluded in the bill appropriations for a pnrt of the
old works, I put the question again, arc the works
thus included more important than those at other
points on which they have not acted ? Why were
they referred to that committee ? Any individual
Senator could make a motion for such reference
of a memorial, petition, or resolution presented
by him as he chose; and thus, without the action
of the committee, propositions might be presented
to the Committee on Military Affairs for various
fortifications, and thatcommitteo might appropri-
ately act upon them. But I insist that this bill
is defective, for a reason which I will state. The
Committee on Military Affairs have presented in
this bill appropriations for works which are not
new, thus assuming what is properly within the
jurisdiction of the Committee on Finance. Per-
haps it was their duty to do this, having refer-
ence to what was before them; but while they
have done this, they have, in my opinion, failed
to do their duty in not including all works now
in progress of construction, which are of equal
merit with those upon which they have reported.
When the Committee on Military Affairs go
beyond the rule, confining them to the original
tion of appropriations for new fortifications, and
include a part of the old works, I say tBey ought
to have included at least all those standing in the
same grade with those reported. I move that
the bill be recommitted to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and that the committee be au-
thorized to report upon other works in progress
of construction.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs have in no manner en-
croached on the jurisdiction of the Committee on
Finance. The Senate by a solemn vote gave to
the Committee on Military Affairs jurisdiction
of certain fortifications. On those cases we have
reported to the Senate. With what propriety,
then, can it be said that we have gone beyond
our proper sphere, and exercised jurisdiction over
cases properly belonging to the Committee on
Finance ?
Three of the fortifications provided for in this
bill are new works—those in the State of Texas.
For the others, appropriations have been made
for several years past. The Senate thought proper
to intrust this much of the work to us, and we
have performed it. The other works—those not
provided for in this bill—are important; but I am
not prepared to say that they are as important as
those for which appropriations are now proposed
to be made. I know of no fortifications that so
imperiously demand immediate completion as
those in California for which this bill provides.
Why, sir, every one can see at a glance that, if
we should be involved in a war with any mari-
time Power, California must feel the full force of
the first blow which would be struck. In the
present condition of your works there, California
would, undoubtedly, in such an event, be detach-
ed from this Union, and she would be held in that
position, perhaps, as long as that naval Power
thought proper to continue the war. Whether
she would come back into the Union at the term-
ination of the war I cannot say. It is very cer-
tain that, unless these fortifications be speedily
completed, and that coast be placed in a proper
state of defense, it would be impossible, in the
event of a war, to hold California as a part of
the Union. I regard those works as of infinitely
more importance than some for which we usually
appropriate the public money. I think, there-
fore, that the importance of particular works in
California, Florida, and Texas, included in this
bill, was sufficient to justify the action of the
Senate in giving to the Committee on Military
Affairs special jurisdiction over them.
Mr. MALLORY. The honorable Senator
from Maine [Mr. Hami.in] regards the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs as derelict in its duty for
not reporting appropriations for other works
which have equal merit with those which the
committee have included in this bill. That is not
the question. The works may be of equal merit
in a national point of view, but the policy of ap-
propriation may depend on very different reasons.
Reference has been made to the foitificdtion at
the Toitugas. I do not say that that work (which
is certainly the Gibraltar of the Gulf, if such a
term can be applied to any of our fortifications)
excels in importnnco the other fortifications of the
country at the mouths of our great rivers or on the
coast of California; but the policy of appropriat-
ing money to complete that fortification at this
time depends on a state of facts which docs not
exist in relation to other fortifications. The Tor-
tugas is at least one hundred and fifty miles from
any inhabited point of the mainland of Florida.
It is an isolated point, commanding completely
the Gulf of Mcxico. Six steamers may bridge
the Gulf across from the Tortugas to the Moro
Castle, and speak each other every fifteen min-
utes; and in the event of difficulties to-morrow,
the Gulf would be just as hermetically sealed as
if a barrier were reared up at the entrance of that
Gulf, through which your Treasury Department
tells you §400,000,000 of commerce pass every
year; and every hour you may see sixty vessels
passing and repassing there. Unless this appro-
priation be made that work must stop; the work-
men will be withdrawn, and there will be no per-
son there but the light-house keeper and the man
in charge of the work. It will be at the mercy
of a canoe and a musket.
I submit to the Senate whether they will leave
a fortification of this importance in such a con-
dition, after having spent $350,000 upon it; or
whether they will now make an appropriation,
which must be made, a little in advance of the
usual time, in order to keep the workmen m em-
ployment? These facts do not exist m reference
to the fortifications on the mainland in California,
Texas, or elsewhere, where the population is im-
mediately about the work to be constructed, and
may maintain it, although it be in a half-finished
condition.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, T regret to see the
spirit which is manifested in reference to this bill.
There are three appropriations proposed in it for
fortifications in Texas, for which no provision
has been made heretofore, and which are intended
to defend a very exposed coast. So far as those
works are concerned, I have heard no objection
to the Committee on Military Affairs inserting
them in this bill; but the objection is to the other
provisions reported by that committcc. I intro-
duced a resolution at an early day of the session,
asking whether, in the opinion of the War De-
partment, any fortifications were necessary on the
coast of Texas, and if so, at what points, and
what amount of appropriations would be required.
The Secretary of War answered that resolution;
and the amounts specified by him for the works
recommended by his Department are included in
this bill.
The chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs says there should be prompt action in
regard to the fortifications in Florida and in Cali-
fornia, and he gives some reasons which to my
mind are very satisfactory. Now, what is the
objection to including them also? Objection is
made by representatives of the older States which
j have heretofore received similar appropriations,
; and where fortifications at a large expense have
| been made. They say that all must be included,
i Why, sir, docs anybody doubt, that at the present
i session of Congress a fortification bill will be sub-
; mitted to us through the usual channcl containing
appropriations for all existing fortifications in the
United States, and that it will be passed by both
Houses of Congress5 No one can, for a moment,
entertain a doubt on that point. Such bills have
been passed for several years, and none have been
defeated as far as I have noticed. They come
generally from the Committee of W ays and Means
in the other House, providing for all old works
and for the additional fortifications recommended
by the War Department. They go to the Com-
mittee on Finance of this body, and are attended
to.
Then, what is the great question here? The
older States, which have had millions of dollars
expended on their fortifications, are not willing
to sec the newer States get ahead of them. That
is the whole sum and substance of the objection
to the bill before us. This question is treated as
if it were merely a scramble for these appropria-
tions. I doubt whether a single Senator who has
opposed this bill, or spoken in regard to its refer-
ence, believes for a siriglc moment that Congress
will adjourn without making provision for the
existing fortifications.
Mr. SRWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from Texas allow me to ask a question for in-
formation ?
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. It is, whether this bill is made
up on the recommendations and estimates of the
Department ?
Mr. RUSK. So far as Florida and California
are concerned I am not informed; but, so far as
relates to Texas, the appropriations are entirely
in accordance with the estimates of the War De-
partment which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. WELLER. The .bill is founded on the
estimates of the War Department in all cases,
j Mr. RUSK. Certainly the appropriations can-
| not be mode too soon for the works provided for
l by the present bill; and no damage whatever can
| result to any other fortification by making these
I appropriations at this time. It will not at all im-
' pede the progress of the general fortification hill;
i nnd unless it be a good principle that nobody
shall receive any benefit unless somebody else
! doe§, the bill ought to be passed at once,
i Mr. FISH. Mr. President, I asked the chair-
i man of the Committee on Military Affairs whether
' this bill included all the new fortifications which
were intended to be recommended? I ha\e not
yet heard that question answered. I understand,
however, from the chairman, that it includes
