2116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 14,
and have been acted on by them exclusively.
The laws and government of the District of
Columbia have been considered to be more ap-
propriate subjects for the District Committee. It
jg immaterial to me; I have not a particle of
feeling on the subject, except that I should like
the duties of my committee defined. Certainly,
according to the usage since I have been upon
the Committee on Public Buildings, the honor-
able Senator has trenched on those duties hith-
erto intrusted io us. The avenues, and the pub-
lic works in the District, have enme hitherto
underoursuper.vision; and the Committee on the
District of Columbia never interfered with them.
Mr. BROWN. This subject was, on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sebas-
tian,] referred to our committee, and the Senate
instructed us to look into it.
Mr. HALC. I desire to ask the Senator from
Mississippi, whether this amendment is based
on thi' recommendation of the Secretary of the
Interior, or of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings?
Mr. BROWN. I stated before, that the Com-
missioner of Public ljuddjngs estimates for it.
"When 1 called on the Secretin y of the Interior, be
said it was a proper woik to be done, but he had
not estimated for it, because the original appro-
priation, which commenced the woik, was not on
ins recommendation-, and lie hod made it a rule
of his olficial conduct, when Congi (ss commenced !'
a work, to leave it under the control of Congress,
and make no estimate in regard to it, unless it
was earned on under hts direction. For that
reason he made no estimate, thonirh lie ,-<ml he
believed it was a work that ou^hf to be done.
j\ir. HALF. f do not know what the practice
of Confess has been heretofore; but it seems to
me we shall jM-r into ditii< uhy by taking file esti-
mates of the Commissioner of Public Ihiildtngs,
if what the chairman of the Committee on Public,
Puddings and Grounds state;-: be correct. I think
we had better leave this woik .is we did the one
winch we rejected.
Mr. ilROWN. 1 will not prolong the discus-
sion. All I have to say is, that we have com-
menced the work, and it is now m an unfinished
condition. The simple question is, whether you
will complete what you have commenced21
The amendment was agreed to. j,
Mr. HIIOWN. My next amendment is to come i1
in after the appropriation for the 3/illie Fulls i[
bridge j i
Kor the os'tucjm >hin«'nt of ,dl itirht. Mile, aed inteieM j
which maj teniaai hi the pi evident. <ln erroi--. and company
of the rolundiM liuiipiKe r<>a<l, nmlei and hv \nf:ie of ih,« 1
act entitled '* An ai t io iik nipnmte ,i camp tin tor in.tkiii;: '
certain lumpier m;id- ialln' I > j -111 < t i«| ('->111 < j t bet,'1 ;ip t
pioved ,\j>nlLl0, 1-10, In )>tu che-e, not |oe\eeed oi '■
oiliejwi-e, ,h mn he |ii-.t, neeoidui\j to law, rind toi the j|
lieee- ;u\ \'t;tdn:tl hhk i ep.ui, < nl vt 1t-, and !;t a \ ell Hit of the j'
Miiid road, hoiii (he boundary ot the<it\ ot Wa-hniL'ion to \t
the outline ot the !>e-n km oi Columbia. the * um of £1 j
Voi lie' piupei opejiui'i. 1'ial- tu-JT euhv!i-, and pkuuinc: j
ti ee-j on Mai \ land ;\ \ >"n ne, liom < 'a pi to! > ijuai e 1 o i he hound- ■ \
<\iy oi lli * cit\ ot W.imiii,iron, when* u connects Willi the j!
road leading io ttalhinoie, the mum ol ij
Mr. ADAMS, ('oimrcss purchased abridge 1
in tins District, some vt ars ,vjo from a private >
company. When it was proposed to lepatrit, 1
and i he surest ion was made that ihose who were '
mter"sted in that, bridge should if pair it, it was [
said ( \ i:<:ress hud purchased jt, and it became the j
duty of Congress to keep it, in n pair. I take it j
that the same ai';ument will be used here. We !
not onlv build Unices and roads for the people .
hen-, but thev insist (hat ymtr constituents and i
mine shall be taxed to keep those roads m repair
foi them. 1 think it is jtisr ami pioper th.u the 1
people of the Dish tct should ha\ c a i ej ht to tax :
themselves to make their mviu oad< and bridges, [
and lee"p them in repair; at ail <\ ents, w hen Con- ;
gross purchases them for them, i sliull \ote
against this proposition. i
Air. BUOWN. I move nn amciulmnii in obe- ;
dience to the instructions of the committee. My -
friend from Maryland understands it better than j
1 do, and cm explain it. '
Mr. PRATT. All the roads now leading to j
the capital of the notion with this exception are
j public highways of the District, shall travel over
I them free of expense. Now, if any citizen of the
I United States has to go on this road, he must pay
a toll within about a quarter of a mile of the cap- ;
, ital; and three miles before he gets out of the
District of Columbia he is stopped by a toll-gate,
and cannot go any further without paying toll.
! We think that access to the capital, in that direc-
! tion as all others, should be free of toll. I hope !
the amendmentwill.be adopted. 1 think it rather j
a disgrace to a great Government like ours that !
■ people, comingfrom every section of the country, j
! should be stopped in their approach to the capital j
1 by a toll-gate. I
I Mr. BIGGS. I will ask the Senator from ;
, Maryland whether, after this provision be made, -
; persons will not have to pay toll on this road (
' when they get beyond the Distiict line ? 1
Mr. PRATT. The District of Columbia ex- I
tends down to the great dueling ground, and you ;
: have to pay a toll now to get there. [Laughter.]
: This proposition will enable gentlemen to travel i
there without paying toll. The next toll-gate is 1
beyond Bladensburg,and out of our jurisdiction, i
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is tins the road [
from Bladensburg to Washington? ["Yes.'']!
■ It was very free in 1811. [Laughter.] It ought i
1 to he free now. |
Mr. ADAMS. I want to call attention to the '
, suggestion of the Senator ftom Maryland that ail j
the other roads leading ftom the District of Co- ;
lumbia are free but this. Now, I believe every ;
man who travels on the railroad between Balti- j
more and Washington has to pay fifty cents to !
the State of Maryland for traveling on that road.
If" we are about to purchase a free passage for 1
eveiy person who mav think proper to come here, J
1 think we should purchase from the State of:
Maryland the privilege ot allowing persons to '
pass on that raihoad free. Tin re is certainly ^
linn h wider and mme extended interest m that:
than in this road; but I do not wish to delay the
Se 11 a i e. |
The amendment was rejected. :
Mr. CROWN. In line four hundred and thirty- '
nine, I move to strike out " three'' and insert ,
six;" so that it will read; •
Foi f-uppoit. c.iio, and medic,si treatment. of tian^ient
pauper-:, medical and surgical p itients in Washington intirin-
iiiy, $u,00i).
That item is estimated at $6,000, and the Sec-
retary ot the Intiyior says; "The Committee of.
Ways and Means have reduced this item to
<3.000. It is vei y desirable, however, that the
Mtbre amount asked should be provided," for
reasons which aie set forth in his letter, which I
will mil trouble the S  nam by reading.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. BROWN. After tlie appropriation for
trees and tree-ho\es, for the public grounds, 1
move to insert the following;
Foi mclo-insz with an non Milmjr, and impinvtnfr the
ti iaa^niai -pare-; on penn^j Iv.una avenue between l>i':h-
i .< nth and \ itietecnili Miee't^. and the space on the pouih
-id,' < i i'enn \l\ani.i avenue, between Twentieth and
Tttcnty-fHf4 i-treet^, ^t(>,vJ2S) el.
The Secretary of the Fnterior says;
| " Anpiopii itioim having been made for <.eveia! years
pa>t ibi improvements ot tin* ehaiaetei. it was supposed to
; he the de.-i^n oi Congies-* to continue them horn vear to
> ear until completed, and e-timate- t\ ere -ubmirted aceoid-
miil\, toi what it was thought could be piofitabl\ expended
foi ihe picsont si'ii^on. The items, howevei. have not
1 i< eeived the appioval of the Comnmiee of Wa_\^ and
i "Weans. Should the\ jr t be granted, ttio money will, u is
h< he\ed, he uvluily applied/'"
I ha\e only to say, in reference to (his item,
that this again is one of the improvements of
Congress. The Secretary of the Interior was
instructed, so far as the appropriations had here-
tofore been made, to have the work done; and
he proposes now, tn pursuance of what he sup-
poses to be the plan of Congress, to go on and
improve these triangular reservations. If Con-
gress think proper tn abandon the policy, they
may do it, as they commenced if, without con-
sultation with the Secretary.
Mr. BAYARD. This particular item was
beforu i be Committee on Public Buildings. Thev
free. This was originally the turnpike i oad lead- ; supposed it was within their province, and they
mgfrom Washington to the city of Baltimoie. , determined that u was unwise to propose an
The proposition is to make that part of the turn- ! amendment of this chaiacter at the present ses- j
pike, lying within the jurisdiction of this Govern- | sion, and agreed to leave the question whether it i
mentfree, so that the people of every section of the Ij, was requisite to be considered hereafter. We >
eountry, so far as we have jurisdiction over the ;! thought it unwise and improper to attach it to an ,
appropriation bill as the work is not necessary to
be done now. I have difficulty about the proper
committee; but that was the determination of the
Committee on Public Buildings, supposing, ac-
cording to the former usage, that it belonged to
them.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. I am further instructed by the
Committee on the District of Columbia, to offer
the following amendment, to come in at the end
of the first section;
For the total cost of a new basin to the Chesapeake and
Ohio Canal at its teiminus in Georgetown, the sum of
$31,659 10 is hereby appiopnated • Provider!, That the paid
work shall be done "according to the plan and estimates sub-
mitted m the report of lieutenant ii. S. Alexander, to the
Seeietaiy of Wai, dated the 13th day of Felnuaiy. 1853,
and the e.-tunatcs m tiie report of Captain II. G. Wright,
acting chief engineer, from the War Depaitment, dated the
3d dav o1' Ju!\, 185i3; and the said appropriation shall be
expended undei the direction of the Secretary ol Wai.
The question being taken, by the sound of the
voices it appeared that the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. PRATT called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. PRATT. I hardly suppose that amend-
ment could have been understood by the Senate,
or they would not have voted against the propo-
sition. Some two or three years ago we appro-
priated $5,000, if I recollect aright, to enable the
Secretary of War to have surveys and estimates
made for the necessary amount to complete this
basin at the terminus of the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal, at Rock Creek, in Georgetown. I am very
sorry to be obliged to bring to the attention of the
Senate the reasons, or some of them, which in-
duce me to think that if they will reflect for a
moment, they will all vote for this amendment.
Many years ago tins great work, perhaps the
greatest in the world of Us character—the Ches-
apeake and Ohio canal—was chartered by this
Government, in conjunction with the States of
Mainland and Virginia. The appropriation was
made by each of these Governments and by the
District cities, for an amount supposed to be suf-
ficient to complete the work. After Maryland,
by the inducement of the Federal Government,
had embarked m this enterprise, and after the
money was expended which had been appropri-
ated by the three Governments, it was found to
be entirely inadequate to complete the work. It
being constructed on this side of the Potomac,
witlun the jurisdiction of the State of Maryland,
the onus from that tunc has fallen on Maryland
, to complete the work, which has been done at
! her exclusive expense to Cumberland, at the cost
! of some ten or fifteen millions of dollars on her
| part. This amount has been expended by her
i alone, upon a work which was entered into
i originally conjointly with the Federal Govern-
! mont, and which she was induced to go into by
| the l'Ydeial Government having granted a char-
ter, and having- subscribed for a portion of the
i cost. She was left to complete it alone; and now
' all she asks is that the Federal Government,
. within its own jurisdiction, wilt complete what
' Maryland cannot do, and has no jurisdiction
; over—make a completebasin for that canal which
j has cost Maryland ^10,000,000. This is a prop-
j ositton, it seems to me, too plain to be denied by
! any one who will submit to reason on the sub-
i JecL
; Mr. DIGGS. I desire to vote rmderstandingly
! on this amendment. If I can have the ear of the
Senator from Maryland I desire to make an ill-
quiiy, whether or not this canal belongs to a
, chartered company, and whether this is an ap-
, propriation which, if made, will inure to the
i benefit of a charter* d company?
[ Mr. PRATT. The object is to benefit the
: commerce of the District of Columbia. It is
, now found, after the products are brought down
! from Alleghany, and after the coal, which it was .
originally designed to bring here for the use of^-he
Government and the use of the public is brought
here, there is no basin to receive it. This being
^ within the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal
Government, inasmuch as we were induced to go
1 into the enterprise originally by her example,
Maryland asks the Federal Government to make
a basin for the reception of that trade which has
been brought into existence by her money.
Mr. HALE. I see these estimates are very
close; but I want to ask the Senator if he iloes
