1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2117
not think this basin could be done for §31,600
instead of $31,659 01. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRATT. That is the estimate of the
engineers.
Mr. PEARCE. There is really another rea-
son for the appropriation of this sum by Con-
gress. This basin will be of great value to the
District of Columbia as well as to the canal com-
pany. The State of Maryland, it may be sup-
posed, ought to do it as the most heavy proprie-
tor; but there is a practical difficulty in the way
of Maryland undertaking it. A few years ago
we adopted a constitution preventing the State
from conducting any work of this kind, so that
it cannot be done at all unless by this Govern-
ment.
Mr. PRATT. I see now the object of the
inquiry which the honorable Senator from Noith
Carolina made, and I will state that after this
vast expenditure of money, the stock is not
worth one farthing; it does not sell for one cent t.
in the market; and the work is now conducted (!
wholly through the instrumentality of the Mary-
land Legislature, for the purpose of receiving
back the interest upon the money which she has
loaned to the company for the completion of the
canal.
Mr. BIGGS. Then, I understand, the present
canal is owned by the General Government as a
stockholder with the State of Maryland 
Mr. PRATT. And Virginia. They are stock-
holders, but the stock is not worth a farthing.
Mr. BIGGS. Then it is proposed, on the part
of the United States, to make this'improvement,
because they have not contributed their fair pro-
portion ?
Mr. PRATT. And because it is essential for
the commerce of the District over which they have
exclusive jurisdiction.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Bigler, Bnght, Rrovvn, Dodge,
Douglas, Foot, G-eyer, Hale. Jone* of Iowa, Peaiee, Pratt, i|
Putih, Seward, ^luait, and YViight—16. I|
NAYrf—Me>-*rs. Adam-. Alien, Hell of New TLxmp^hn^, ''
Bell of Tenne-^rc. Benjamin, ttiggs. Urodhead. Clay, Col- >'
lamer, >Vli, llailan. Houston, Humor, jver-on. Jame*, L
Jones ot Tennessee, Malloiv, Ren!, Shdell, Thompson oi i
Kentucky, Wade, Wii-on, and Ynlce—x!3.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. I have one other amendment,
and whether I offer it or not will depend on the
answer I shall get from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings. The amendment
proposes proceedings for the purpose of condemn-
ing property in the vicinity of the Capitol for the
extension of the grounds. The question I pro-
pound to the chairman of the Committee on Public
Iiuildings is, whether his committee have juris-
diction ?
Mr. BAYARD. I think it had better not be
attached to an appropriation bill. There js no
necessity for its immediate passage, and it cer-
tainly is general legislation, it seems to me.
Mr. BROWN. Very well, I will not offer it.
Mr. BAYARD. There are objections also to
it.
Mr. BROWN. I have two or three amend-
ments to this bill on my own account, but I sup-
pose it is hardly regular to offer them until the
committees get through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Amendments
from committees will be first received.
Mr. STUART. I have n couple of amend-
mentsfrom the Committee on Public Lands. The
first is this:
Sec. —. dnd be it further enacted, That in the settlement
of the account* of the regiiteis and jeceiveis of liie public
land office*, tho Secretasy of the Jnteuor Hp. and lie i*
hetehy authorized to allow, Mibjeet to tiie approval of Con- j!
£ie-5>, <uch icasonable compensation tor additional clerical 11
-oivtoes and extraordinary expenses incident to said officcd,
a«s he s?nall think ju^t and proper, and rcpoit to Congieis all '
 uoh ea-es of allowance at each succeeding session. Willi •
estimates ot the sum or sums requited to pay the same. j
The amendment was agreed to. ;■
Mr. STUART. I have one other amendment:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after the 30th
of June. J&A thf compensation of the surveyoi geneial '■
of the Teiutory of TJtah &hall he .<*4,000 pei annum, in lieu /
of the Mim now authotized bv law ; and the sum of >5'1,000. :j
:n addition to that elsewhere piovided lor mo salary of said ;|
tuivcjoi policial, w herebv appropriated out of any money ,j
.11 the Ttea&uiy not othenvise appiopnated for that pur- !
po I!
Mr. HUNTER. There is no recommendation 'j
from the Department of the Interior for that in- ji
crease of salary, ncr do I see any good i*eason i
for it. I do not know why we should increase
the salary of the surveyor general of Utah.
Mr. STUART. This is reported by the in-
struction of the Committee on Public Lands
unanimously; and 1 have in my hand a very shovt
statement of the prices in that country, which,
I think, will show ample reason for it. Flour is
eight dollars per hundred pounds; corn meal, two
dollars a bushel; pork, from twenty-five dollars
to thirty dollars a barrel; bacon, forty dollars a
hundred; beef, from twelve dollars to eighteen
dollars a hundred pounds; firewood, fifteen dol-
lars a cord; and coffee and tea, forty cents a pound.
The prices there are the highest in the United
States, and have been so all the time, and are
likely to remain so. I think there is no case in
the whole history of the Government that pre-
sents so strong a claim as this.
Mr. HUNTER. Would not the same reason
require us to raise the salaries of the Governor
and all?
Mr. STUART. No, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. He gets more than the Gov-
ernor now.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PEARCE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Library to offer two amendments.
The first is to insert, after the appropriation for
the Ingraham medal:
To enable the Libranan ofCongrec«i to subscribe for, and
purchase, one thou-and copies of the works of General
Nathaniel Gieene, to bo published by hi« grandson, G-eoige
W. Greene, m an edition of not exceeding six volumes,
$10,000,or so much thereof as may be ncees-ary • Pro ruled,
Tho coat of the same .shall not exced $2 50 per volume
It will be recollected by many members of the
Senate, that this amendment was offered the last
night of the last session, and its passage then
was prevented by an objection interposed by the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who sup-
posed this gentleman had no authority to publish
the papers of his grandfather, General Greene.
Since then, that Senator has been satisfied that
Mr. George W. Greene lias the full authority of
all the heirs, and is m full possession of all the
papers. Their value cannot be questioned, as
Genera] Greene was the commander of the Aimy
of the South in the Revolution, and the second
man to Washington, undoubtedly,in our military
service.
Air. DOUGLAS. I should like to move an
amendment to include an appropriation for Doctor
Kane's report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is an
amendment pending.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But I propose to amend that.
Mr. BAYARD. That will ^ivc rise to discus-
sion, I can assure gentlemen, for I never can agree
to go into those outside reports.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land.
Mr. HUNTER. I appeal to my friend from
Maryland not to offer amendments for the publi-
cation of books. We are very anxious to get
through.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not suppose there will
be any debate on this proposition. 1 shall not
debate it myself.
Mr. HUNTER. I am afraid others will.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall waive my proposi-
tion if there is objection to it.
Mr. JAMES. I really hope this amendment
will pass. Is there a Senator on this floor who
does not well know the history and character of
General Greene, of Rhode Island ? Is there a
southern Senator who will not vote in the affirm-
ative on this question? I hope not, sir.
Mr. CASS. I have but one word to sav about
General Greene. It is within tho recollection of
the Senate—it .is a well known fact, that Wash-
ington designated Greene as his successor many
action to be done, which shows the estimation he
had of Greene's character as the savior of the
South.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I thought the Senate had
concluded not to continue the hook-purchasing
business.
The amendment was agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 21, noes 16.
Mr. PEARCE. I have another amendment
from the Committee on the Library, to come in
after the one just adopted:
For replacing the tverks cf the exploring expedition
destroyed by the fire in Philadelphia on the 11th of April
last, the sum of $10,494 46.
I suppose no man will think I have violatedi
my pledge not to ask more money for the con-
tinuance of the works of this expedition. It has
so happened that a number of the volumes which
were printed, and some of which were bound, and
all of which Ave re in tlie hands of the printer, were
destroyed in the great fiie in Philadelphia a few
months ago. If we do not pass this appropria-
! tion, it will be impossible for us to send out to
| foreign Governments, to whom we have made
presents of those books, the volumes of a certain
class of works which are necessary to make the
series perfect, and a large part of the labor which
has been expended by scientific men in preparing'
these works will be utterly lost. This is no vio-
lation of my pledge; and as it is a small appro-
priation, intended only to perfect that work which
is, after ail that has been said about it, very hon-
orable to the science of tho country, I hope it will
be allowed.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand this is necessary
to give value to the work that has been done.
Mr. HALE. I think we had better not do it,
because foreign Governments that have got a few-
volumes will be left m the dark as to what the
thing would be if finished. Great room will be
left for conjecture of a great work, and if we
leave it imperfect, they will never see it.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 18, noes 14.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 ofler the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Naval Affairs, to
come in nfter the provision for payment of the
codifiers of the Jaws of the District of Columbia:
That the officers of the late surveying and exploring
expedition to the China seas and Behniiff's siiaitr., who,
undei the oiders of the vSecietaiy of the Navy, penormed
the duties of grade*. higher than their own respectively,
shall be entitled to receive, in lieu of the pay of their own
srrades the pay of the grades whose duties they performed
i ie.H|X'ctively, lor, and dunng the June they performed the
1 same: and that the s>anie be paid out of an> money in the
Tieasuiy not otherwise appiopnated..
The Senate, the day before yesterday, having
voted down an amendment which I then pro-
posed to the naval appropriation bill, 1 have al-
tered it m compliance with the views of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance and other
gentlemen who opposed it. This appropriation
is recommended by the Secretary of the Navy,
whose letter 1 send to the table. It is to give to
these officers the pay of their actual duties per-
formed under the orders of the Secretary of the
Navy.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe this amendment is
right. It is only to give them the pay of the
grade in which they served.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I have another amendment
which is from the Committee on Public Lands,
to come in after the appropriation for surveys of
the Keys off the coast of Florida:
That the public land';, heretofore reserved for mihtaiy
purposes, m the ^tate of Fionda, which said lands, m the
opinion ot the Seciotarv of War, are no longer useful or
det-ired for such piupn«e>. oi so much thneof <is >aid Sec-
retaiy m;u designate, t-hall be, and aie heicby, placed under
thecontiol of the General Laud Ofiiee. to be di^poi-ed of
and sold in the --nine mannei. and under the same legtila-
tioiH a- other public lands of the L'nitcd States : Provided,
That & lid land-5 shall not be so placed under the control of
I said General Land Othee, until >asd opinion of the Secre-
j t«ir\ ot War, giwng he* content, communicated to the See-
; retaryofthe f ntenor in wilting, shall be filed and recorded,
j Mr. flUNTER. I ask if the Secretary of
| War has not nuthority now? Cannot he sell
j lands reserved for military sites?
| Mr. MALLORY. He has not the power.
! The act on this subject has been construed as
! retrospective, to include sites reserved up to tho
| time when the act passed, and not to sell any
\ others. This simply allows the Secretary of
! War to dispense with certain reservations, of no
1 use to the Government, and throw them into the
| public lands geneially.
• Mr. CASS. I th'mk the honorable. Senator
1 from Florida is mistaken. There was one law
which made provision for the sale of military
' lands up to its passage. It Avas remedied a few
years ago by providing for its future operation
on all lands held by the Government, and not
necessary for military reservations.
Mr. M ALLORY. The honorable Senator from
Michigan is mistaken. There is no power in
the Government now, that I have been able to
