1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
tydeird by the Secretary, that these scant and
iMdequate euaraniWB have been preserved ? They
have not. It was impossible for the President to
approve a judgment or " finding" of a board,
without knowing either the principles or the/acts
upon which such judgment or " finding" is
founded.
It is admitted officially by the Secretary of the
Navr that he knew nothing of the causes for
which any " finding" was had, nothing of any
accusation, nothing of any proof against any of
the condemned. He advises the President that
" Thf law on this point speaks plainly and dis-
tinctly. It does not impose this task upon, or in-
trust this delicate duty to, the Secretary of the
Navy, or even to the President." And he further
adds, that " this finding," "this judgment" of
the board, " is not, however, permitted to go into
execution without the sanction of the President,
who is very wisely authorized to disapprove of
their action, by which means a safeguard is pro-
vided to protect the public service from any fla-
grant abuse of power." Here was the foundation
of all the injustice perpetrated by this board.
The Secretary tells the board of officers, in his
instructions to them, that " Congress has author- ,
ised the assembling of a board of officers" to aid ,
in the execution of this law; " whose duties shall
be merely of an advisory nature, and as an aid to
the Executive in promoting the efficiency of the
Navy." When this "advisory "board had acted,
its action was forthwith transmuted by the Sec-
retary into " a judgment," " a finding," so con-
clusive and final that the President was eveh for-
bidden by law to look into it. It is true, he might
disapprove, "to protect the public service from
any flagrant abuse of power;" but he dared not
examine; tompelled to decide, but forbidden to
hear. Under this total perversion of the clear,
distinct, indisputable requirement of the act, the
President, without a record, without a charge,
without evidence, without the slightest knowl-
edge of the causes for which " a judgment" was
rendered against any man, officially before him,
approved two hundred and one "judgments," or
" findings," reported by this boaird.
I deny the validity of this act of the President
to give vitality to any act, or judgment or find-
ing of the board whatever, whether within or
without its jurisdiction. The law "required his
approval" of the action of this board, it therefore j
demanded his judgment upon every case—every
"judgment" submitted by theboard; it was their
concurrent judgments alone that could divest any
officer of any right. This being an essential,
fundamental principle of the act, it necessarily
imposed the duty upon the secretary so to order
the proceedings, and of the board so to conduct
them, that this approval or disapproval of the '
President would be given on each case, not as a
matter of form, but of substance. The form was
as unnecessary as unmeaning; the substance was
a protection—a real protection which the law gave
the officer, which the President could not waive,
or evade, or take away without nullifying and
rendering null, void, and of no effect, the "find-
ings"of the board. Therefore a record of the pro-
ceedings of the board being absolutely requisite
for a compliance with the law, all of its judgments
are void for want of them. But while this un-
answerable position seems to be universally con-
ceded, it is replied, by the honorable Senators
from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] and from Del-
aware, [Mr. Clatton,] that these dismissals are
made by the President, who has the power of
dismissal independent of the act, and that they
would be good on that ground.
In the first place I deny, wholly,the power of
the President to remove a naval officer; but, as I
■hall hereafter, in another connection, argue this
question, I will grant it here for the purposes of
the argument, and still show that the position is
wrong. If the President had this power, and the
right to exercise it at his discretion under the
Constitution, this is not such an exercise of the
power where general jurisdiction over any sub-
ject is admitted to exist. Yet if the tribunal having
such general jurisdiction takes cognizance of the
•abject, not by virtue of this general jurisdiction,
but of an authority conferred by statute, the statute
must be pursued, or the jurisdiction fails, and all i
acts done under the color of it are void. The i
President, in this action on the Navy officers, does
not assume to act under any general constitutional
power, but expressly acts under the authority
conferred on him by this statute; therefore, if he
or the board does not pursue the statute—if either
of them assume a jurisdiction other than that ex-
pressly conferred either over persons, or over
subject-matter, the whole proceedings fail, and
are inoperative and void. Here it is clear that
the President and board have not pursued the
the statute; the action of the board made it impos-
sible if it had been desired by him; therefore the
whole proceeding is a nullity.
There is another fatal objection to these pro-
ceedings of the board which strikes at the very
foundation, and which should stamp its action
with the universal condemnation, if not with the
execration,of alljustmen. Thisis, that the board
usurped a power not granted them by law to try
their comrades for crimes and misdemeanors, and
did .try them for crimes in secret, without sworn
witnesses, or being sworn themselves, without
any of the securities which the laws of the United
States, sanctioned by the justice of all civilized
countries, have thrown around criminal tribunals.
And that this judicial atrocity should be wanting
in every circumstance which might mitigate its
hideous deformity, the judges were interested and
profited by this illegal condemnation of their com-
rades in arms. To establish this point, it is ne-
cessary to show that the act gave the board no
right to try officers for crimes. I shall test the
act by the well-established rules for the construc-
tion of statutes, and inquire, first, how stood the
old law for the government of the Navy before
this act was passed ? The several acts for the gov-
ernment of the Navy provided for the trial and
punishment of all crimes known to the civil or
military codes of this country. It is an efficient
tribunal; it was. not complained of for want of
efficiency, either by the Secretary of the Navy,
nor the Naval Committees of either House, nor
by an other official authority; on the contrary, it
was expressly commended for its efficiency jn
bringing criminals to justice by their authority.
This was not the mischief for which a remedy
was sought by this act.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend will observe, in
connection with this matter, that the committee
also report, if I remember rightly, that only about
one hajf of the complaints preferred to the Navy
Department were ever submitted to courts-martial
at all. It was difficult to get a court to try them.
Mr. TOOMBS. All that may be true; but it
proves no inefficiency in the old law regulating
courts-martial. The " inefficiency" was in the
Navy Department; the law was sufficient and
efficient; it was adequate to meet all classes of
crimes perpetrated in the Navy, and the committee
admit it. I know of no law which can give capa-
city or efficiency to a Secretary of the Navy who
happens to be without them. But the fact is so,
that the inefficiency of courts-martial was not the
mischief complained of from any quarter upon
the passage of this law.
Tnis mischief was, that our Navy list was
clogged up, especially in the higher ranks, by
officers incapable, from age, infirmity, and want
of professional skill, of performing the duties of
their grades; that these were not offenses triable
by court-martial; there was no law to reach them,
and reform the evil; and this act was passed to
remedy this mischief, and this alone. Crimes
were not within the mischiefs complained of, and
therefore will not be adjudged to be within the
remedy, unless the language of the act plainly de-
mands that construction. It ought to take the
clearest and most explicit language to give crim-
inal jurisdictiontosuchatribunalasthis. Rightly
administered, the act was not inappropriate to
determine the questions really submitted to it;
they were scarcely, if at all, questions for judicial
judgments; it was eminently inappropriate and
unsuited to the trial of offenses. Special and
temporary acts for the trial of crimes are unknown
to our Constitution or laws. They are not the
ordinary instruments even of despots, but mark
the worst periods of the worst despotisms.
There was nothingin the condition of the Navy—
nothing in the condition of the country, which
called for the suspension of the laws for the gov-
ernment of the Navy which, forabovc fifty years,
in peace and war, have proven adequate to the
wants of the service and the country, and which
secures to every officer who bears the commission
of his country an open and public trial' by his
peers, and according to the laws of the land—
laws which are sufficient to protoct innocence and
to punish guilt. The language of the act warrants
no such construction as would upturn these great
and salutary principles of good government. It
restricts the "examination," the "judgment,"
the " finding" of the board to the " incapacity"
of the officer—to those who are " incapable of
performing promptly and efficiently all thei r duty,
both ashore and afloat." The plain and natural
import of this language is, that the officer shall
be mentally, physically, and professionally com-
petent thus to discharge the duties of his rank.
But if there was any difficulty upon the subject
as to what sort of capacity the act refers, that
would be removed by the context. The officer
must have capacity, and this capacity is meas-
ured by the law; it must be sufficient for the per*
formance of all of his duty, and thisis not suffi-
cient; he must be able to perform it " promptly
and efficiently." Therefore, capacity to per-
form duty promptly and efficiently is the express
and only requirement of this law. " Efficiently,"
in this connection, means nothing but with effect,
thoroughly, which is the simple definition given
it by the lexicographers.
That this was the true construction of the act,
and the real intention of the Legislature, is further
shown by the history of the act itself. The ori-
ginal act, as recommended by the Secretary of the
Navy, did not contain the drop clause, and did
not give authority to the board to make any dis-
tinction between the officers retired. All were to
be placed on one reserved list, which we were
assured was a " roll of honor;" with the leave-of-
absence pay, or furlough pay, which each officer
might be receiving at the time of his retirement;
and such was the act introduced into this body
and passed here. Therefore, unless the Naval
Committee intended this roll of honor forthe vilest
criminals in the Navy, they did not intend to give
jurisdiction over crimes by that act. The act did
not propose to drop a single officer of the Navy
for any "incapacity " whatever; but all persons
found incapable by the judgment of the board
were to find an honorable refuge, a comfortable
resting placefor life, on the retired list, supported
by a munificent pension. This was the measure
of reform concocted at the Navy Department,
adopted by the Naval Committees of both Houses
of Congress, and passed by the Senate. Will the
honorable Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mallort,]
the chairman of our Naval Committee, say that
he or his committee intended to place the infa-
mous, the convicted felons, on that roll of honor i
Will any member of that committee stand up
to-day before the Senate and the country, and say
that they intended and advised us to retire an
officer on this roll of honor, at either $2,500 or
$1,250 per annum, whom the tribunal which they
proposed to erect had convicted of the crime of
theft, smuggling, forgery, murder, or any other
infamous crime ? I pause for a reply from the chair-
man of that committee. Was it intended by the
original bill to give these magnificent gratuities—
gratuities, as the committee show us, far greater
than .the salaries of the chief justices of a large
uumber of the States of this Union, and even
greater than the salaries of the chief magistrates
of many of our sovereign States ? Was this your
measure of naval reform?
Mr. MALLORY. Does my friend from Geor-
gia desire a reply now ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir, I do.
_ Mr. MALLORY. I do not remember the pre-
cise words of the bill originally reported by the
Naval Committee to this body. It was referred
again to the committee, who submitted it to the
Navy Department. It came back, and underwent
some revision in the committee before it was
re-presented to the Senate. The bill then con-
tained, according to my recollection, no provision
for dropping officers, but every other provision
of the law—conferring on theboard the power to
make examinations without a hearingana without
a trial, and all the other grounds of complaint.
If I understand the matter rightly, the cbmmit-
tee of the House refused to entertain that bill at
