518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, there would
have been considerable force in the argument of
ihe Senator from Virginia if it had been presented
at the proper time. The proper time was when
the Senate proposed to give to the Committee on
Military Affairs the jurisdiction of these works.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope I may bo allowed to
explain. 1 am sure 1 did not know when the
subject was referred. The first knowledge I had
of it was when the bill was reported. I am not
here when every subject is referred, and, of
course, I cannot know all that is before the com-
mittees. Why, sir, frequently matters are re-
ferred to the committee of which I am a member
—the Committee on Finance—that do not come
within its jurisdiction; and we generally ask to
be discharged from their consideration, and to
have them sent to the proper committee.
Mr. WELLER. I do not, know what right
the Senator from Virginia has to assume that the
Senate have committed a mistake in sending these
matters to the Committee on Military Affairs. I
take it for granted that those Senators on whose
motion these subjects were referred, knew what
they were about; and they desired that the com-
mittee should take jurisdiction of those particular
cases. Sir, there was a vote of the Senate; and
I ask the Senator from Virginia whether he con-
siders it respectful, after the Senate have referred
a subject to a standing committee, to recommit
it, and thus to reverse the decision which they
have previously made?
The Senate gave to the Committee on Military
Affairs jurisdiction over the works embraced m
this bill, and asked from us a report on the sub-
ject. Wc have made a report, and now the
"Senator from Virginia complains that it is a vio-
lation of the established usage of this body. We
have fully discharged our duty by presenting this
report. We should have taken jurisdiction of all
the fortifications, if we had received such instruc-
tions from this body, but we were only required
to report m these cases. We have fully dis-
charged this duty, and the Senate can moke what-
ever disposition they choose of our report.
Now, in regard'to California, I wish to say that,
because of the great distance of that point, we
never get the appropriations which are made by
Congress till several months after the law is
passed. If this bill were to be passed now, and
become a law at once, it would be found that,
under the practice of the. Departments, it would
be difficult to get the funds there before the first
of June of this year. If the. fortification appro-
priations should be delayed, as usual, until late
in the summer, it will be utterly impossible to
carry on those works at Port Point and Alcatra?.
island this year. There are, therefore, reasons
which apply to California that, in my judgment,
do not apply with the same force to Florida,
because of our distance from California,and the
time that must necessarily be consumed in trans-
mitting the funds there after the bill shall be
passed.
Mr. HUSK. Mr. President, the opposition to
this bill now seems to be a mere matter of etiquette
as to the powers of the various committees. I
have not heard one word said against the propri-
ety of the appropriations contained in this bill,
or the propriety of applying them at the places
where they are proposed to be applied. The bill
is opposed merely on a point of etiquette.
The honorable Senator from Virginia proposes
to recommit the bill to the Committee 011 Military
Affairs, and thereby to delay the commencement
of fortifications which are of the utmost import-
ance to the defense of my State; and he attempts
to console us by saying, that even if we should
pass this bill now. the House of Representatives
would not take it up. Sir, let us see whether
they will do so or not. No one, not even the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, has said
that these appropriations ought not to be made.
He has asked us to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee 011 Military Alfairs; and in order to recon-
cile us to that course, he tells us that the House
of Representatives would delay this bill, and that
we should accomplish our object sooner by wait-
ing for the general fortification appropriation bill.
How do we know that that bill will be presented
within any reasonable period? Why should v/e
wait for its presentation ?
So far as the appropriations for Texas which
are contained in tlus bill are conccrned, they are
for now works entirely, and are, therefore, ac-
cording to every Senator who has spoken, prop-
erly within the jurisdiction of the Committee on
Military Affairs. One of them is for a fortifica-
tion for the defense of a city almost in the ocean,
entirely exposed. We have been talking very
largely about a war with Great Britain; several
very important speeches have been made 011 that
subject; but while we are talking of war, is it
not proper to put ourselves in a condition to be
prepared for it? It is absolutely necessary that
we should be at work fortifying the position to
which I allude, for it is, perhaps, the most ex-
posed point on the coast of the United States.
Under these circumstances, I can see 110 mis-
chief that can result from our passing this bill
now. If the House of Representatives choose
to refuse to pass it, let them do so, but at any
rate let us perform our duty. If there be some
objection to including in this bill appropriations
for old works, why not strike them out, and let
the appropriations be made for new works? At
any rate, what is the necessity for referring the
bill again to the committee?
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I would say,
in reply to the Senator from California, [Mr.
Weller,] that I certainly meant no disrespect
to the Senate when I supposed they must have
referred, as we know is often the case, without
much reflection, matters to the Committee on
Military Affairs which he himself will admit are
usually referred to another committee. I said
that I supposed a departure from so old a practice
must have been inadvertent, and I only presumed
it would be proper to do what, within my knowl-
edge, is very often done when such mistakes are
made—correct them. It is for the Senate to de-
termine that point. If they tlnnk 110 mistake has
been committed, they will consider the bill at once.
They had a right to refer this matter to any com-
mittee. they chose. They could have referred it
to the Committee on Patents, if they had chosen;
they have the power. I have only presented it
as a question of propriety.
Hut, Mr. Piesident, there is something more
than amere rule involved in this. The old maxim,
that " equality is equity," is as good here as it
is everywhere else. I have 110 doubt that the
fortifications spoken of by the Senator from Texas
are necessary, and 1 shall vote for them; but there
may be, other new fortificationsequally necessary;
and, if so, it would seem to be proper that they
should all come in together. So in legard to the
old works, b'entlrmen aie much more willing to
\ oi<j for an appropriation for a fortification in a
particular place, if they believe equal justice has
been, or will be, done over the whole country,
than if they suppose there is to be partial or spe-
ciallegislation. For that reason, and because I
could see no practical inconvenience that was
likely to arise—I do not say it is not possible none
can arise—from following the old rule, I suggested
the propriety of doing so. Why, sir, how long
would it take the Committee on Military Affairs
to prejiaie and report a bill containing the neces-
sary appropriations for new fortifications ? How
long would that couise delay my friend from
Texas' 1 believe but a short time. If that were
, done, I have no doubt the bill would go through
the Senate without opposition. It is the fear that,
if we consider tins policy by piece-meal, our legis-
lation may be partial, that 110 doubt has occa-
sioned some of the opposition to this bill. For
myself, as I said before, I am willing to vote ap-
propriations for this purpose. I only suggest
that they ought to be made m a different mode.
Mr. RUSK. The coast of Virginia is now
pretty well iortified 111 comparison with others;
but not a single dollar has been expended for the
fortification of the coast of Texas, which is quite
as much exposed. That is the equal justice of
which the Senator speaks !
The PRESS DENT. The question is on re-
committing the bill to the Committee on Militaiy
Affairs. Does the Senator from Virginia propose
to recommit it %wth instiactions?
Mr. HUNTER. My motion is to recommit
with instructions to report such new works of
fortifications as the committee think necessary
for the defense of the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN, On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I simply
I desire to say that 1 find, in the estimates submitted
| from the War Department for new works, in ad-
i dition to those already included m this bill, one at
i New Bedford harbor, Massachusetts; another at
Sandy Hook, New Jersey; and another at Ship
, Island, Mississippi. There are, therefore, three
i new works recommended by the War Depart-
ment which are not included in this bill
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
: resulted—yeas 28, nays 10; as follows:
YF, \S—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bright, Brodhead, But-
ler, Clay, Collamer, Dodge, Evans. Fcb^eiideti, l'V:!i. Foot,
Foster, Ueyer, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Huntei, James,
Jones of Iowa, Pearee, Sewaul, Slide' 1. Snninei, Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toombs, Trumbull, and Wade—28.
N AY?1—Messr.. Allen, Houston, Johnson, Jones 01 Ten-
nessee, j\Ialloiy,Pugh,ileid, lin-k, Weller.and Yulee—10.
So the bill was recommitted with the instruc-
tions proposed by Mr. Hunter.
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
The PRESIDENT. The unfinished business
of yesterday is the motion to refer to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations the message of the
President of the United States communicating
the letter of Lord John Russell in regard to the
treaty of April 19, 1850.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr.President, I stated yes-
terday, as the Senate is well aware, that the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton]
desires to be heard on that subject; and I have a
few words to say of it myself, which I prefer not
to say until 1 can obtain a sight of the corre-
spondence in relation to the violation of our neu-
trality laws. I desire, therefore, to move that
the subject be postponed until some day next
week—i will name Thursday—and be made the
special order for that day.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, on the motion
of the Senator from Florida, the Senate yesterday
agreed that the bill reported by him from the
Committee on Naval Allairs, to amend the act
entitled "An act to promote the efficiency of the
Navy," should be made the special order for
Wednesday of next week. I move to reconsider
that vote; and, if it be reconsidered, I desire that
the lull shall remain on the Calendar without being
made the special order for any particular day.
My reason tor mnkmg the motion is, tnat the
report of the committee in this case is a very long
one—covering nearly fifty pages; and, from what
I have seen of it, there are a great many facts not
contained in it which it is absolutely necessary
should be before the Senate prior to taking final
action upon the subject. I desire, myself, at the
proper time, to introduce a resolution which I
will now read, merely for the information of the
Senate:
: Resohei, That the President of the United States be,
and he is hereby, requested to procure and lay betore the
! Senate, the eause or causes specifically set loriii hy the
members of the late naval board, lor whieh the seveial oili-
er] - of the Navy who have complained or asked toi red less
! l'loin this body have been removed 01 otherwise disi.tted,^
1 to the end that ttie Senate inav jud^e whethei the action of
the ail board was in conformity wilh the aet of Febmary
-2«, 1853, entitled '• An act to piomote the efficiency ot' the
l Navy."
My friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] some
'> time since offered a resolution, which was adopt-
ed, calling upon the Secretary of the Navy tor
i the report of the. board. Wc have received his
1 answer, in which he tells us that no report was
made by the board. It is very important, m one
view of the subject, that we should know whether
any of the action of the board was outside of its
jurisdiction.
Early in the session it was insisted by the
friends of the board that they should not be
attacked, on the ground that we had not the ne-
cessary information, but that it would be fur-
nished to us by the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs. That leport has been made; and,
fioni the slight examination which I have given
to it, it seems to me that it gives us no informa-
tion whatever on the main question which has
been argued for three or four weeks before the
Senate. 1 must insist, and I believe such is the
general view of the Senate, that before final action
we shall have all the necessary information, to
; the end that we may know whether the law has
been really properly executed, or whether the
! board have transcended their powers. That
1 point is very important for us, before deciding
