1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2119
sure I do not understand it well enough, and I
doubt whether the Senate do; and I think we
shall not get through with this bill this evening.
I therefore move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will with-
draw the motion. 1 think we can get through.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from New York withdraw his motion ?
Mr. SEWARD. If we can get the question
on this amendment I will.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD obtained the floor.
Mr. WELLER. I have an amendment from
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD. I have been waiting all the
afternoon to offer the amendment from the Com-
mittee on Commerce. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not.
Mr. WELLER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion. I fear that some of these bills will
be lost if we adjourn now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayairi, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Crown, Butler, Clay, Collamer, Dodge, Durkee,
Foot, Hale, Harlan, Houston, Iver-:ori, .lames, Mallory,
Pratt, Sebastian, Seward, Stuart, Tiumbull, Wade, Wil-
son, and Wught—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Benjamin, Bigsjs, Bigler, Bnght,
Brodhead, Cas>., DoujjI<i>, Ft>h, Gejer, Hunter, Jones of
Iowa, Mason, Viigh, Reid, Shdell, Toombs, Weller, and
Yulee—19.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jhigxist 14, 1856.
The House met at eleven o'clock,a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Post Office Department, in
answer to a resolution of the House of the 9th
instant, in reference to the unlawful abstraction and
detention of valuable books for public distribution,
sent through the mails from Washington, stating
that special instructions had been given to the
proper agents of the Government to investigate
the matter, and that no pains would be spared to
detect and bring to exposure and punishment the
offending parties; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. MACE. I wish the consent of the House
to report from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads the post route bill, with a view
of putting it on its passage. It is important that
the bill should be passed and go to the Senate to-
day.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask if that bill has
been printed ?
Mr. MACE. It has not. It has not been the
practice of Congress to print it.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I desire to have the
opportunity to examine the bill before it is passed, ;<
and I therefore object to its introduction. Si
Mr. BENSON. I ask the gentleman from Ij
New Jersey to listen to a single statement. At
the last Congress the post route bill was laid on j!
the table, and every member asked to examine it !|
so far as his own district or State was concerned. , j
I think that has always been the practict,and }'
not to print the bill. 1 hope the gentleman from I
New Jersey will not object. j
Mr. HOUSTON". Some days since the chair- !
man of the Committee on the Post Office and !
Post Roads gave notice to the House that the bill
was prepared, and asked members to examine it
at the committee room of that committee. The
notice has been ample to give every member an ;
opportunity of examining it. I hope the objec- I,
lion will be withdrawn. |!
Mr. PENNINGTON. I have heard no such -I
information whatever communicated. e
Mr. HOUSTON. The notice was given by ji
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Mace] in open !'
House. 4 {|
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the bill |
will be reported, and its consideration postponed jj
until to-morrow. Members can then have an
opportunity of examining it. I
Mr. PENNINGTON. I object to its recep-
tion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I thencallfor the regular
order of business.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then proceeded to consider the
report of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, upon the amendments of the
Senate to the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill, upon which the main question
had been ordered, and upon which Mr. Camp-
bell, of Ohio, was entitled to the floor to close
debate.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
will not detain the House many minutes of the
hour to which I am entitled. The short time we
have left for the transaction of the important
business before us, makes it necessary that the
House should act as speedily as possible upon
the issues which are presented to us in connec- |
tion with this bill. j
There are three amendments which have at- i
traded the attention of the House, and which !
will attract the attention of the country. The t
first is a provision by which the House has voted !
to the new members £182,000 for the purchase i
of books. But, sir, notwithstanding the feeling ;
which members have manifested, and which has j
been aroused through the country, on the subject j
of Kansas troubles, no gentleman has been found j
ready to propose any provision to be attached I
to that appropriation to secure relief. In short, :
there is no part of the bill which affects, directly i
or remotely, the pecuniary or personal interests ;
of members of Congress, that is to be affected by j
those promises in reference to the affairs of that j
Territory. I cannot vote for the firstproposition i
of the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Pen-!
nington.] It provides that no poition of the 1
money appropriated shall be applied to the pay- !
ment of any salaries, however honestly due, to j
any person who may have acted either as gov- j
ernor, judge, or secretary. It proposes to with- j
hold not only the pay of the judge who may have j
acted improperly, but likewise of those against j
whom no charge of malfeasance may be preferred. :
Without further remark, 1 will say that I can- i
not support the provision which makes no dis-
crimination between the honest and the corrupt
officer.
In regard to the second proviso, which is pros-
pective, and simply provides that the money ,
appropriated shall not be used for the purpose
of executing the laws of Kansas, which I regard
as fraudulently enacted, and therefore null and .
void, it shall have my support, notwithstanding |
I deem it to have been the duty of gentlemen on j
other committees to have framed, at an earlier i
day of the session, bills for their repeal, without j
attaching them to appropriation bills. •" i
Mr. Speaker, I said yesterday that I regarded j
this unusual system of legislation as uncalled for
and dangerous—these provisoes as unnecessary, i
for the reason that I believed, on information upon !
which I relied then, and upon which J rely now, \
that these persons under arrest and imprisonment ;
in Kansas on a charge of constructive treason, will ,
not be prosecuted to punishment. Therefore it is*,
that I have regarded these amendments as unne-
cessary, considering the existing state of aflaiis. 1
It tends to put in jeopardy this great measure, 1
on the succcss of which the Government de- ;
pends, and without which every branch ofiti
must cease to operate.
I do not intend to enter minutely into the dis- ,
cussions of this subject, for the reason that we ;
have no time to spare; but I will refer to a remark .
of my colleague, [Mr. Giddintgs,] in which, '
yesterday, he charged that I had proved recreant ■
to the cause erf freedom—that I was found acting ;
with the foes of freedom. It is not the first time ■
that my colleague has sought opportunity to ,
assail me on this floor—not merely on this floor, j
but elsewhere. It may be remembered that, at :
an earlier period of this session, he undertook, i
without sufficient cause, to place me in a false
position before my constituents through the news- ,
paper press of my State. No opportunity has j
been lost from that day to this, by my colleague, j
to make assaults on me. Among other things, i
he charged that I refused to allow him the pnv- j
ilege of speaking when I had the floor. I deny !
it. For seven years that I have been a member, I
I have never refused to allow my colleague the
right to the floor when it was in my power to do
so. I have never refused to divide my time lib-
erally and fairly with him, although he has
refused to reciprocate the courtesy. It was,
therefore, unjust and illiberal in him to make
that charge.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My complaint against my
colleague was for pursuing the course he is pur-
suing to-day. While standing at the head of the
Committee of Ways and Means, it is his priv-
ilege to close debate, and on former occasions he
has assailed me without my having an oppor-
tunity to reply, the previous question having been
callea. It is this I complain of, and not that my
colleague would not allow of interruption in his
speeches. I ask him now, that when he has
finished what he has to say, he will allow me as
much time in defense as he has consumed in
assailing the Republican party and myself.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am assailing no party-
defending none. I am defending my own position
against the repeated assaults of my colleague.
That is all. And itis somewhat remarkable that
he has never before arraigned the chairman of
any Committee of Ways and Means for not in-
( serting in the general appropriation bill similar
| provisoes. He has reserved for me assaults of
' this kind. Does he not know that, in 1850, he
denounced the fugitive slave law as a violation of
the Constitution ? Does he not know that it was
so regarded by his own constituents, and that it
was denounced by them ? Yet he never called on
the Committee of Ways and Means to insert a
provision requiring that no portion of the public
money should he expended for the execution of
that law. On the contrary, he has voted for these
appropriation bills without that restriction; never
until the present session has he urged this inde-
pendent legislation as a part of the appropriation
bills.
The previous question has been moved, and the
main question ordered to be now put. I have no
control over the matter, so as to open the door for
discussion with him now. 1 have said thus much
for the purpose of explanation. I have no quar-
rels with my colleague here at this time; we can
have none, except when he makes the attack. If
there is anything wrong in my position, anything
i wrong in my votes or m what I have spoken, my
| colleague can meet me before my constituents. I
am ready and willing to meet him there in fair
discussion in reference to the merits of our re-
spective congressional records.
Mr. SIMMONS. I rise to a question of order.
The discussion between the two gentleman from,
Ohio has nothing to do with the bill under con-
sideration, and 1 hold that they are both out of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot yield
the floor to his colleague without the consent of
the House.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asrury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed a bill (S. No.
389) to regulate the compensation of members of
Congress, and that it had directed him to ask the
concurrence of the House therein.
Mr. ORR. I would be glad if the gentleman
from Ohio would yield the floor, so that we might
take uj) the bill which has just come from the
Senate, and put it through. [Cries of " Agreed
S( Agreed! "j It is a bill increasing the compen-
sation of members of Congress.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have no doubt that any-
thing of that kind would go through without a
proviso; but I cannot yield for that purpose. I
will not detain the House longer, but allow it to ^
proceed immediately to vote upon the amend-
ments.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
ster, his Private Secretary.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL 
AGAIN.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I am very glad that the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
sees his way clear.
Mr. MACE. 1 ask if the gentleman from New
Jersey is in ordeu?
