1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
124:5
must act upon his own responsibility; and he
may act arbitrarily, with or without a reason, and
vote, if he choose, against paying the demand.
Congress has got the control and power over the
purse-strings of the Treasury, and never surren-
dered it. Every member, 1 say, must act on his
own responsibility in regard to this matter. I
should have my own views about it, but I do not
profess to be any man's keeper in this House. I
am only my own keeper, and every man must
vote according to his own notions of propriety.
But still this docs not interfere with the first sec-
tion, which confers the authority on the court to
decide the law and the facts. That is in relation
to the seventh section.
There is? another idea now connected with the
fourth and ninth sections, which is patent on the
face of both these sections. They relate to a
class of claims where the judgment of the court
shall be in favor of the Government and against the
claimant. Well, what is the object to be accom-
plished there ? It was to secure to the citizens
the constitutional right of petition. Although the
court shall have decided against his claim, he has
the right, under the Constitution, to petition Con-
gress for redress. It was apprehended, 1 pre-
sume, by the draughtsman of that act, that if a
claimant were cut off entirely, it would violate
that provision of the Constitution which forbids
the passage of any law that shall abridge the right
of petition. Now, if gentlemen keep these three
leading ideas in mind, and investigate and exam-
ine the different sections of this act I think they
will have no difficulty in giving to it such a con-
struction as that the whole may stand. First,
the jurisdiction is conferred by the first section on
the Court of Claims to decide the laic and thefactn
of the case. Secondly, Congress retains the power
to control the purse-strings of the Treasury, by
the seventh section, and either vote an appropri-
ation, or withhold it arbitrarily, if they please.
By the fourth and ninth sections, it was intended
to protcct the right of the citizen to petition;
although the judgment of the court may bo against
him—either on the fourth section, where the
court may refuse to take testimony, or on the
ninth section, where the decision shall bo against
him on its merits. Now, I have no doubt, that
a claimant may come here and petition for redress,
and it would be a good answer to his petition to
say that the proper authority which was delegated
to investigate and decide all these claims, had de-
cided against him.
Now, there is one idea connected with both
these classes of cases, and it is this: If, after the
judgment of the court shall have been pro-
nounced, either for the claimant or against him,
such facts can be shown as would authorize a
court of law or equity to grant a new trial—as, for
instance, newly-discovered evidence, mistake, or
fraud, or anything of that kind, I, for one—speak-
ing for myself—would vote for a resolution to
refer it back to the Court of Claims, and let the
matter be investigated there judicially; and that
will make it a practical working statute. It will
maintain the jurisdiction of the court which you
have established, to investigate and decide the
law and the facts of the case; and none of the
subsequent sections take that authority away
from that court. It is conferred on it by the first
section of the act, and by none of the other sec-
tions is it taken away.
I know that the court would hear it; but sup-
pose the court had decided it, and the parties peti-
tioned and showed such facts as we Id authorize
that court to grant a new trial: we would adopt a
resolution to refer it back to that court and let
the question be litigated there. That is my idea.
What is the charactcr of this tribunal which
you have established> What is the character of
the Court of Claims ? Is it a place where justice
is judicially administered according to law ? or
does it occupy to this House the position of a mere
master in chancery? oris it a. judicial hermaph-
rodite, partaking of both and having no distinctive
feature by which it can be known or recognized?
Surely Congress did not intend to establish a tri-
bunal of such doubtful character. The construction
that I give this statute is, that it intended to re-
lieve this House, and the committees of this House,
from the trouble and burden of investigating
the law, and the fact that by turning that trouble
and burden over to that tribunal, Congress re-
served to itself the right to vote th° appropriation.
If the court decide the claim against the Govern-
ment, we reserve to ourselves the right to pay or
withhold the appropriation. Members of Con-
gress may act arbitrarily, independently, as all
legislators may do, in that particular. And in
regard to the other, where the decision is against
the claimant and in favor of the Government,
they have endeavored to secure to him the right of
petition. In this way it is made a practical work-
ing statute—such a one as Congress intended.
Let us look at some of the mischiefs to result
from the proposed reference of these bills to the
committees of this House. I presume that it
will be acknowledged by every member that it is
important to have a uniform rule in regard to the
rights of claimants and to the rights of the Gov-
ernment. Now, suppose the Court of Claims
has decided on the law and fact in a given case,
and report to this House: it is then referred to
a committee—say the Committee of Claims—and
that committee takes a different view of the law;
and it is not only possible, but very probable, that
under a representative system, some members
may take a different view. We know how those
things are affected and influenced by public opin-
ion. Gentlemen may represent a constituency
interested in the very question to be decided.
There are other matters which may be of influ-
ence on the opinions of members, which will very
readily occur to them. Suppose, then, that the
Committee of Claims report in contradiction to
the Court of Claims, and that that report is
adopted by the House: which rule is to prevail
—that settled by the Court of Claims, or that
adopted by this House' But what a state of
things would exist after a while under this prac-
tice ! - I will not attempt to picture it. It will
occur to the mind of every man. There would
be " confusion worse confounded;'' no rule by
which the claimants and the Government could
regulate their conduct in reference to claims.
B*t, if you maintain the authority and jurisdic-
tion of the court, created and clotlud with judicial
power and authority by your own act to determ-
ine the law and fact, then there will be rules.
Of course, there wj'l bf reserved to Congress the
power to vote or withhold appropriations. There
will be a uniform rule, and it will be uniformly
administered. This is the practical view of the
question, and one in which the community is
deeply interested.
The gentleman from Alabama, in his remarks
the other day, took another view of this question.
Suppose the decision of the Court of Claims
should be adverse to the claimant—and in the
majority of the cases, it will be adverse. The
gentleman from Alabama adveited to the outside
influence which will be brought to bear. Every-
body understands that, and that outside influence
would be increased in proportion to its necessity.
When the court had decided against a claim, that
outside influence would be brought to bear with
much greater force, because there would then be
an increased necessity, not only for the purpose
of affecting the committee, but the members of
the House—to say nothing of the interest which
members might feel for those they represent being
concerned in the claim. A nd (he mitrliiff this act
was intended to prevent, would be on us with ten-
fold greater power from this additional influence,
because of the indication of the judgment of the
court against the rights of the claimants. It is
to guard the public Treasury, to protect the inter-
ests of the people of the United States, and their
right to their property, that I am for maintaining
the authority and jurisdiction of this court. And
I have no hesitation m saying, that if they be
maintained, they will bo the most practical pre-
ventive of michief to the Treasury that was ever
adopted, and protect it from being plundered by
those who may be disposed to prosecute fraudu-
lent claims against the Government.
Mr. COBB,of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, we have
had this matter before us, I think, for two months
and a half; and after the eloquent and able speeches
which liave been made by gentlemen of both sides,
I imagine members are fully prepared to give their
votes. My object in rising is to bring the House
to a vote. We ought to dispose of the question,
for it has kept off many other important subjects.
I will not enter into any argument in reference to
the policy or impolicy of the establishment of the
Court of Claims. J voted against the bill which
created it, and I might give reasons for that vote—
reasons which are entirely satisfactory fo myself.
I feel it to be my duty to demand the previous
question.
Mr. CADWALADER. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw his call for the previous question.
Mr. COBB. I cannot.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craige and
King were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 96, noes 24.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The main question is the
motion of the gentleman from New York, that
the bills reported from the Committee of Claims
be referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
and placed upon the Calendar.
Mr. HAYEN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRANCH. I desire the Chair, if it is in
order, to state the whole question before the^
House.
The SPEAKER. The only questions before
the House are the one just stated by the Chair,
and a motion to refer the bills to the Committee
of Claims.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negafcve—yeas 62, nays 78; as follows:
I; YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bocock, Bowie, Brenton,Buffin-
lj ton, John P. Campbell, Carhfe, Chaffee, Clawson, Colfax,
'j Cox, CttJleti. Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy
'•Davis, Durfec, Edmundson, Edwaids, Elliott, English,
5! Kustis, Evans, Faulkner, Flagler, Foster, Thomas J. D.
'j Fuller, Galloway, Goode, Grander, Greenwood, Haven,
■ j Ilcrbcit, Hoffman, Holloway, Kidwell, Knapp. Knight,
j* Lmdloy, Lumpkin, Maxwell, McQueen, Peck, Pettit,
11 Pttngle, Riveis, Sandidge, Scott, Simmons, Stephens,
/ Stranahan, Talbott, Tappau, Thurston, Wakoman, Wal-
; dion. Walker, Warner, CadwaladorC. Washbume, Wells,
, Woodworth, Darnel B. Wught, and John V. Wright—62.
| NAYS—Me&sis. Allison, Barksdale, Bell, Benson, Bil-
! lmghurM:, Bingham, Bliss, Boyce, Brad^haw, Branch, Bur-
;, nett, Cadwaladcr, James IT. Campbell, "Lewis* D.Campbell,
;! Ezia Clark, Cliugman, Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W.
; Cobb. Cragm, Craige,Cumback, Denver, Diek,Dodd, Dow-
!' dell, Edie, Florence, Giddings, Gilbert, Grow, Harlan,
j; Sampson W. Harris, Hickman, Valentine B. Horton,
i j Hughston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly,
11 Knowlton, Mace, Samuel S. Marshall, Mattoson, McCarty,
|j KiJhan Miller, Smith Miller, MiJIson, Miilwarcf, Morgan,
j Morrill, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pennington, Perry, Phelps,
!| Pumancc, Puryear, Beady, Ritchie, Roberts, Ruffin, Sabin,
!) Sapp. Samuel A. Smith, Sneed, Stanton, Taylor, Thoring-
J| ton, Todd, Trar'ton, Tuppe, Tv«on, Walbridge, Israel
; j Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Williams, and Woodruff—78,
!| So the House refused to refer the bills to the
jj Committee of the Whole House.
;j The question recurred upon the motion of Mr.
;j Jones, of Pennsylvania, that the bills be referred
j | to the Committee of Claims.
ij Mr. RITCHIE. I hope the House will now
I: accept my modification of the motion of the gen-
I tleman from Pennsylvania, which modification
] simply provides that the bills be referred to the
, Committee of Claims by the Clerk of the House,
| and makes it in order every Friday for the Com-
mittee of Claims to report witfi reference to
I. business from the Court of Claims,
j! Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I object.
ij Mr. HAYEN. I hope the House will allow
ij me to appeal to the gentleman who objected to
ij withdraw the objection. Unless the committee
j! have power to report back every Friday, it ijs as
ij well to send these bills to the Committee of the
j' Whole in the first instance.
j! Mr. COBB. Well, I will withdraw my objec-
j! tion to hear the amendment read.
!; The amendment was then read, as follows:
li Resolved, That the bills and thfMr accompanying reports
II Aom the Court of Ciaims, shall be referred by the Cleik of
the House to the Committee of Claims.
i' Resohedf That it shall be in order every Friday morning,
I immediately after reading the Journal, for the Committee
i of Claim-* to report with reference to business of the Court
! ot Claims—the bills leported to be printed and placed on
j the Private Calendar
! Mr. MACE. I object to the reception of the
i resolution.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We had better
i let the House refer them.
: Mr. MORGAN. I think, if the gentleman will
i modify his resolution so as to read every Satur-
i day, there will be no difficulty about the matter.
\ Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I shall have no ob-
: jection to Saturday.
| Mr. J ONES. I ask that the question be now
put.
