1856. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
600
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Toombs.
Sewate.
its exercise. The Naval Committee, and other
friends of the action of this board, on this floor,
defend it. The correspondence between Com-
mander I>u IVnt and Lieutenant Rhind proves it;
am) it does n >t alter the case, that the commander
was hunting for evidence to aid Mr. Bartlett after
rtmrietf* It is clear, from that correspondence,
that ihey had tried him, or were then trying him,
fr>r the crime of smuggling. This is the only
fktt I want to establish mv position, that they as- •
■timed secret criminal jurisdiction. This fact is
e'esr from the letter, and is not affected by the
T. rh«l explanation. And I will undertake to say,
that whenever the Naval Committee of this body
choose to lay before us alt the testimcny which has
been taken before them, we shall not need any
oth. r evidence to establish the point.
But this board not only took cognizance of
cri mes, hut, according to t he president of the board,
of" character;" and according to Lieutenant Bid-
die, they took into consideration what officer was
" morally unwilling" to perform his duty; and
if they suspected that he loved science better than
•he sea, they considered that " an incapacity to
perform all of his duty promptly and efficiently, j|
both ashore and afloat." When men exhibit such j,
a total incapacity to comprehend so simple a,
clause in a statute as this declaration exhibits, •
their judgment* should be set aside for that cause i
alone. Th-re is no safety in such a reckless dis-
regard or ignorance of the elementary principles
of construing language.
Rut we are exhorted by Senators not to con-
demn this action of the board, because they but
executed the law. If constant assertion by the
Secretary, the board, the committee, and defenders
of this action, would make the allegation true,
the case is closed; bat it has no other claim to
be so considered. But I would further say, that
if such was the law, it would not vindicate the
board. The law cannot compel any man to sit in
judgment on his fellow-man when he must profit,
evefi by just judgments. " The greatest, wisest,
and meanest," of mankind, (Lord Bacon,) was
condemned, and justly condemned, for selling
justice. Many officers on this board gained
rank and money by its action. Nolaw can force
any man to sit where such judgments are given.
And if they had commanded it, the officer should
have refused, at the cost of his commission. ■
These men were put under temptation,and there- |
fore, necessarily, under suspicion. I remember !
a case m winch a mayor of a city in England
was adjudged to be " drawn by the heels, for
sitting in a cause in which the corporation were
interested, in which he was only interested as a
corporator. And this board being called, under
aueh circumstances, to sit in judgment on their
fellows, had the greater reason not to enlarge
their jurisdiction oy forced constructions; that > ,
they aid so enlarge it, is a just ground of com-
plaint, both by the officers and the country; more
especially as it resulted to the advantage of the
expounders of the law.
Mr. President, eulogies on judjges, no matter
bow well deserved, or how fulsome and extrav-
agant, will not aid bad judgments. 1 will not
imitate the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clat-
tov] in a field where he is so well calculated to
excel. It is true some of the victims of this board
have fought battles which require no senatorial
eulogist to make them known to the Senate, the
country, or mankind. It is true, if the Senator's
account of die battle of San Vincent be not in the
main a fancy sketch, they have dose nothing
worthy to be remembered with that event; but my
friends must console themselves by the reflection,
that Marathon and Leuctra, Cressy and Agin-
court, Pultowa and Marengo, Jena and Auster-
litz, m* all other well-fought fields in both ancient
and modern times, must " pale their ineffectual
fin;*" before the transcendent glories of San Vin-
cent! j
But, sir, I repeat, wrong judgments are not to
be supported by eulogies on judges. I believe it is
not unusual, in desperate criminal cases, for the !
defendant to offer evidence of good character when
he has no other defense; but this is the first time
I have ever seen the practice resorted to in the j
defense of judges. This board having transcended j
tu jurisdiction, and then having concealed its jj
action so thai it could not be controlled by the ' i
President, or it seems by the Senate, struck down
all the guarantees which the law threw around
their victims; and now their advocates, after ad-
mitting, before the law was passed, that their action
would be under the control of the President, and
to some extent under that of the Senate, now turn
round upon us, and deny that we have any
power to save or protect. In the report of the 1
Naval Committee in 1855, now before me, we find
the following clause:
" The action of this board, with all the information and
testimony which the Navy Department and the Secretary
can aflord upon it, and under the supervision of the Sec-
retary, is still subject to the approval or disapproval of the
President, and, to a certain extent, of the Senate of the
United States."
The chairman of the Naval Committee made
the same declaration in his speech which is now
before me.
Mr. MALLORY. It is in the report; but I do
not think it is in the speech.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; I think it is in the
speech also.
Mr. MALLORY. On a fbrmer occasion the
Senator alluded to it, but I did not find it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have recently read it both
in the report and in the speech. I have given the
extract from the report, and will also give that
from the speech, as soon as I can lay my hands
on it:
" TIm board >• to have bo other authority than to recom-
mend. Over them the 8eeretary of the Navy, first; the
President next; ami the Senate next, aa a matter of course,
will exercise jurisdiction and authority."
But, sir, these promises have been delusive;
the board did them injustice; the Navy Depart-
ment has been its confederate in its perpetration;
and the President is the instrument by which it
has been consummated. All the other securities
of the officers having thus failed but the Senate,
it is for you to determine whether that also shall
prove a delusion and a snare. Our Naval Com-
mittee seem to labor only to procure the confirm-
ation of these "findings" of the board. Some
of its members at least deny our constitutional
power to right this wrong; and in response to the
memorials of the victims of this perfidious mock-
ery of justiee, who have asked for bread, they
have as yet given nothing but stones. In four
months' time they have responded to no petition
except with a labored report in favor of these
enormities, in which labor of love they have been
kindly assisted by the Secretary of the Navy and
the President of the Board. But I wish to do
exact justiee: these petitioners are under obliga-
tions to individual members of the committee for
insinuations and general allegations against their
personal characters and professional reputations.
We have had nothing responsive to the demand
for a hearing, but a denial of a hearing—nothing
responsive to the question seventy times asked,
" For what am I condemned?" except the denial
of the right to a hearing—nothing to the demand
to break open this charnel-house of iniquitous
mysteries, and to expose them to the broad light
or truth and publicity, except a measure better
fitted to betray than to shield, and which in effect
demands a plea of guilty as a oondition precedent
to obtaining a trial. As some justification, the
committee, it seems, have not been able to learn
any fact in favor of the petitioners, though they
have been either more fortunate or more indus-
trious on the other side.
Mr. MALLORY. The Naval Committee is
not amenable to this censure, as I will show the
honorable Senator. So far from culling out, or
selecting injuriously, in favor of one against
another, when the Naval Committee determined
to take up these cases as they we're presented and
came before the Senate, it very naturally looked
to those which had made the most decid^a impres-
sion on the Senate, and which were heralded here
and fcPthe country as cases which carried mis-
take, or error, or fraud on their very face. The
committee very naturally supposed that, if the
board had not erred in those cases which were
looked upon as particularly obnoxious to cen-
sure, there was less likelihood that they had
erred in others. No discrimination was made to
the injury of a party, and there was no view of
taking up one bad case that had not been acted
on.
The committee were going on in that investi-
gation when they found thsmwlvel estopped, for
it is notorious that the Senate have not yet sanc-
tioned the power of any of its committees to send
for persons and papers in any case. That power,
so far as my knowledge extends, has never been
recognized by either branch of Congress; and,
certainly, whenever a committee of this body
shall undertake to send for persons and papers,
and punish for contempt, ana in short to exercise
all tne powers which a committee of the British
House of Commons under the Speaker's warrant
exercises, the Senate itself will be estopped.
The Senate has heretofore attempted to exercise
that power. It failed to confer it on the commit-
tee here, and therefore the committee was estop-
ped. It did examine under oath every witness,
in the case who was within the jurisdiction of
the Secretary of the Navy, and all persons thai
could be enforced by an order. That testimony
is on record, and the committee expect to produce
it in a report. They have waited over one month
for the answer of the party whose memorial they
were investigating;, as yet they have not got an
answer. When they have obtained it the report
will be presented to the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is no difficulty about the
power to carry on this investigation; and if the
Naval Committee have called for the aid of the
Senate to enable them to proceed in it, the fact
has escaped my attention. The committee had
before them the memorials of seventy-nine offi-
cers, alleging that they had been injured and
wronged, ana asking for redress, and many of
them demanding, at least, to know the charge
against them. The committee seems to have de-
voted themselves to investigating charges against
several of them, and furnishing such support as
they are able to the board, and as to the rest they
do not appear to have merited their attention.
Perhaps they are placed in the Large class so sum-
marily condemned by the Senatorfrom Louisiana,
[Mr. Slioell.] If the condemnation be just, it
can be justly and fairly shown by a competent
tribunal; if it be unjust, who is ready to sustain
it? This is the whole extent of my demand. I
have no desire to protect the guilty; none to retain
the unworthy. If the President were to offer me
a carle bianche to restore any forty of these offi-
cers, I would refuse to do so—I would only give
them a fair hearing, and let their position depend
on the result. I demand it for all, and equally for
all, that they shall be protected against secret tri-
bunals, and shall be fairly tried according to the
laws and Constitution befbee they shall be con-
victed and punished. Give them but this, and I
am content.
This very board has also violated the law of
1855, both in respect to the provision^ against
additional expense and an increase of officers. I
regret that neither the Secretary of the Navy nor
the Naval Committee have called the attention
of Congress to these violations. It was the more
necessary because they were not patent upon the
face of the proceedings, and might readily escape
public attention. But they can be readily seen,
when explained. It expressly provided that the
"efficiency" in the Navy which it demanded -
should be accomplished without any additional
expense to the Treasury or any increase of offi-
cers in the service. This point has been ably
and succinctly reviewed by a gentleman in the
House of Representatives, [General Million, of
Virginia,] to whose ability and research I am
indebted for much valuable information upon thia
whole subject. He says:
" But how is it on the score of expense? L?t as tee if
we pay a less sum now to unemployed men th|u fbrtneHjl
These captains now cost as 4133ySOO, instead of $105,000
as before ;.tbe commanders S! loiWO, instead of #76,000;
and the lieutenants about $83,000,, instead of $70,400.
Some little deduction shouM indeed be made froin these
sums for two captains and three lieutenants, who, though
put on th« reserved list, are still retained on duty, i thine,
sir, the committee have little reason to plume iheipsqlves
either Upon their economy or their administrative policy."
Bat, sir, this is not all: this expense can be
greatly increased at any time at the pleasure of
the President. He haa only to employ these
newly-promoted officers instead of the old ones,
and at once the expense is increased at his own
discretion.
The board were forbidden in this law to in*
crease the number of officers. It is true they have
