510
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
not increased them,but they have by their action
made such increase indispensably necessary to
the service, and, therefore, defeated this wise
provision. The greatest difficulty in the way was
that you had more officers than you could em-
ploy : the board have aggravated that difficulty by
creating a necessity for more. The relative pro-
portion of the several grades of officers, as fixed
by the complement tables, is destroyed by the
action of this board; and it can only be restored
by dismissions from the higher ranks, or additions
to the lower ones. You have not half the mid-
shipmen required by existing lawsjyoucould not
possibly bring all your superior officers into the
service without a large increase of subalterns.
The board retired and dismissed two hundred
and one officers. The President has sent in pro-
motions to fill the vacancies thus created; for it
seems, with the view of satisfying the keen appe-
tite for promotion, offices already filled tn/aciare
made vacancies in. law, and the Navy left in such
confusion that one hundred and fifty officers can-
not tell whether they are in or out of the Navy.
It is only certain that you must have more sub-
alterns. You propose to promote midshipmen
under the action of the board, until there will be
left less than two hundred; whereas the comple-
ment of that grade is about four hundred and
eighty-four, according to the laws of the land.
The moment you sanction these promotions, the
President of the United States can send to the
Senate, and is bound to send at least two hundred
nominations. I suppose the Committee on Naval
Affairs know that as well as I do. You cannot
work this law as it has been worked in any other
way than by violating one of its plainest, clearest,
most distinct and unequivocal provisions.
Mr. M ALLORY. 1 do not so understand. I
- certainly have a different impression.
Mr. TOOMBS. Have you now a full comple-
ment of midshipmen ?
Mr. MALLORY. The effect of the law was
really to turn them all into masters.
Mr. TOOMBS. I can find nothing of that sort
in the law. You have not as many masters or
midshipmen, whichever you choose to call them,
as ought to be in that class, according to the reg-
ular complement. The captain of a ship of a
certain size is entitled to have so many lieuten-
ants, masters, and midshipmen.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say to the honorable
Senator that the Secretary of the Navy is now
administering his Department under this very law;
and he regards himself as restricted by the pro-
viso that the expense shall not be increased, and
he is administering his Department with a view to
it every day.
Mr. T0OMBS. He may be carrying on the
Navy in that way now, because he has but twelve
captains at sea, one more than you had before
your reform. You have, however, sixty-eight on
the active list, thirty-five of whom are unem-
ployed , besides your reserved list. He may have
midshipmen enough for twelve captains; but has
he enough to fill up the complement of midship-
men if all of the eaptains on the active list were
■ employed, to say nothing of his vast reserved
list? The whole thing is "a botch."
Mr. MALLORY. I shall be very glad to see
the day when we have not a midshipman in the
Navy. I think we ought not to have that grade
in the service.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not care whether they be
called midshipmen or not. The fact is, that you
require a certain number of officers below the
grade of lieutenants to do ship's duty, and whether
you call them masters or midshipmen the duty
must be done by somebody. No such idea was
ever presented to the Senate, or to the country,'
as that that grade should be abolished. If i t has
been done, it is by indirection and in violation
of law.
They are not abolished by the law. If they
are abolished, it has been without notice to the
country or to any man here. That effect of the
law has never been alluded to before. It is not
pretended by the committee in their report—not
by a member of the committee in a speech on
this floor—not by the President—not by the Sec-
retary of the Navy—not by any one who has had
anything to do with this transaction. It is very
dear that when you pass yonr midshipmen into
the grade of lieutenant, you must get subordinate
officers to discharge their former duties on board
ship. My word upon it—let it be recorded—
sanction this transaction, and this Congress will
not have adjourned before the demand for subor-
dinate officers, whether you call them midship-
men or masters, will be before Congress; and the
reasons for it will be overwhelming. I shall,
however, propose a remedy for this, which I shall
shortly touch upon.
I have thus reviewed the law—reviewed its
effects upon the officers, its effects upon the ser-
vice. I think it manifest that, while it has in-
flicted great wrong upon its victims, it has been
of no advantage to the service or the country.
Whatever else it may have done it has not in-
creased the efficiency of the Navy. You had too
many captains—sixty-eight in number—and the
action of the board enlarged them to above one
hundred. You had more commanders than you
could employ, and you have multiplied their
number, and increased that evil. You make it a
crime in an officer not to go to sea, and you have
so increased the number that you make it impos-
sible for him not to commit the crime. The ad-
vocates of this measure boast that they wish to
supply the highest rank of the service with hope
instead of memory. Now, your present action
places them in hopeless inaction in high posi-
tion, and perhaps it would be well if you could
obliterate from their memories the recollection
of how this promotion was attained. You have
accomplished nothing but promotion—promo-
tion, in most cases, without public services, and
without public necessity, and thereby increased
I the evils you attempted to remedy. Even if your
complement of officers were rightly adjusted,
and you had an hundred ships of war afloat, you
i could not give these officers employment without
! adding twenty thousand to the number of seamen
now employed at a cost utterly disproportioned
to any public necessity, and utterly insupport-
| able to the people. Therefore your reform is a
II failure.
i i The honorable chairman of the Naval Commit-
| tee compliments the alacrity with which the offi-
^ cers now go to sea. Let him look at the Navy
! Register how many of them are afloat. As I have
already stated, there is but one more captain at sea
than there was last year, and three less command-
ers. The land service seems still very popular.
The navy-yards, the bureaus, and light-nouse
board, are still objects of desire and favoritism;
and these qualities are not likely to be diminished
by anything this board has done. Some of the new
, officers have been appointed to places contrary to
j law. One distinguished officer—not a member
I of the board—has been appointed to a bureau,
j which the law requires to be filled by a captain,
I who is not a captain, and cannot be without the
j concurrence of this body. I do not assert that he
[ is not every way weli qualified to fill it; all that
I ever heard of him was honorable to him. My
. objection is not to the man, but his appointment
is illegal. One of the board has been appointed,
under his new title, to the Merrimac. That is an
appointment " not fit to be made." He is not a
j captain until the illegal judgments of this board,
| of which he was a member, have been confirmed
by this body.
The next question to which I call your atten-
tion is, how are these wrongs to the officers, the
! naval service, and the country, to be remedied? It
J cannot be done by legalizing the illegal action of
| the Navy board. It cannot be done by excepting
j one, two, or a dozen officers from this illegal
! action; nor even by providing for them newgrades
j or new offices. I will make no admirals—no scien-
tific corps; this is not relief; it is additional wrong
to the country. I find one provision of the com-
mittee's bill to remedy these evils is to create the
office of admiral, and to authorize the Prtsident
to fill it from the list of captains, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. If the same
i influence should unfortunately prevail at the Navy
Department which seems to have been supreme in
the getting up this board, I should expect one of
its chiefs would get the new bauble. It seems to
be considered there the greatest service ever done
the Republic.
Mr. MALLORY. The bill provides for con-
ferring the grade on the senior captain for the
time being, whoever he may be, and therefore it
is always confined to one special individual.
Mr. TOOMBS. If that be the provision, lam
mistaken. I have read the bill, and I understand
it otherwise. If the Senator will do me the kind-
ness to refer me to the bill,'"! should like to be
corrected on this point. I do not think it is con-
fined to the senior captain.
Mr. MALLORY. If it is left to the discretion
of the President I am mistaken. I am under the
impression that the bill prescribes that it shall be
the senior captain.
, Mr. TOOMBS. I do not pretend to be infalli-
ble; there are so many facts before me I may mis-
, take one, but I claim a moderate degree of
! accuracy in my recollection of facts.
Mr. MALLORY. I am informed by a col-
j league on the committee that the Senator is right,
! that it does not contain the restriction " senior
captain," though such was my impression.
Mr. TOOMBS. I read it but once, and I had
a strong impression that it left him at liberty to
appoint any one he pleased. .
Mr. MALLORY. I thought it was confined
to the senior captain.
Mr. TOOMBS. It would not have altered it
at all, in my estimation, if it was confined to the
senior captain. I want the officers of the Navy
to win fame and honor and distinction before
their countrymen and mankind by their acts,
not by their titles. There can be no more hon-
orable title than that of a captain in the Navy of
the United States.
" The rank is but the guinea's stamp,
The man's the gowd for a' that."
Commodore Stewart owes his fame to gallant
deeds—distinguished services to his country; his
i valor and patriotism struck down the cross of St.
| George in unequal conflict. His is an illustrious
example that—
" Honor and shame from no condition rise ;
1 Act well your part, there all the honor lies."
The title of admiral would add nothing to his
fame.
I will not aid to establish the scientific corps
sought to be established by the bill of the com-
mittee. It will not promote science; it will do
nothing for invention—nothing for discovery—
nothing for the increase or diffusion of knowledge
in the Navy at all proportionate to its expenses
and other evils. We have a scientific corps
tacked on to the Army; it does nothing but mis-
chief. Once let this description of nuisance
fasten itself on our political system, and it soon
becomes as ineradicable as acancer on the human
body.
Our experience in our Observatory is worth
considering. I recollect, some twenty-five years
ago, the whole country resounded with denuncia-
tions against John Quincy Adams, then President,
for recommending "light-houses to the skies."
Time rolled on, and these cries were forgotten;
and just before I came into Congress a small sum
was ingrafted in a general appropriation bill to
procure a depdt " for maps and charts." I have
watched its progress; and from this small begin-
ning it has grown and spread until it swallows
up annually more public treasure than the gov-
ernment of the State which the Senator [Mr.
Mallory] represents spends in all of its depart-
ments, and about as much as would pay the or-
dinary expenses of my own State, which governs
wisely and well above a million of inhabitants.
And this naval board considers that it has de-
stroyed the efficiency of a man who has really
acquired great scientific fame and reputation.
if it be desirable to give increased facilities for
; improvement in science to your naval officers, pro-
! vide for it at your Naval Academy at Annapolis;
and, above all, give the benefit of it t^your
" active list" of officers when not upon sea-duty.
In that mode you may improve the personnel of
! your Navy; but you cannot do it by nursing this
excrescence. Nor will the alleged object for which
it is to be established overcome my opposition to
it. I believe Lieutenant Maury has been wronged
, by this board; I will right the wrong if I can.
I "believe Commodore Stewart has been wronged;
I will endeavor to right that wrong. But I by no
means consider their cases peculiar or exceptional.
I demand the same justice for all who have suf-
■ fered wrong. I will not join in this attempt to
