THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 14,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey will state for what purpose he rises.
'"Mr. PENNINGTON. For the purpose of
correcting a misapprehension of the chairman of
the? Committee 01 Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order exccpt by
general consent.
$Mr. MACE. I object.
The House then proceeded to act upon the
Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 202)
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of Government for the
yekr ending the 30th of June, 1857; the question
being upon concurring in the recommendation of
the^ Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union in reference thereto. The recommenda-
tion of the Committee of (he Whole was con-
curred in, in reference to all the amendments,
with the exception of those which appear below,
and upon which the action of the House was as
follows:
Seventh amendment of Senate:
Strike out the following:
For books voted to members of the TIou*e of Repre-
sentative*, by resolution of said IIoum: ot 7th of July, 1856,
§182,760 83.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a restoration of that
clause with the following proviso:
Provided, That any member of the House who may bo
unwilling to icceive book-:, mav give notice ot the
same to the Cleik of the House ot Representatives, who
tslMi 11 retain said hook'? to which s^ud member may be en-
title(l>an(l leport the facts at the commencement of the
nest session of Congress.
iVTr. HICKMAN. I believe the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] made a point of order
upon that amendment.
Mr. COBB, uf Georgia, I notified the Chair
that I would make a point of oider upon that
amendment of the Committee of the Whole; but
if the Chair is of opinion that this amendment
comes within the principle decided by the Chair,
and sustained by the House, I will not insist
upon the point of order.
The SPKAKER. The (-hair thinks it is the
same in substance and principle.
Mr. HICKMAN. [ demand the yeas and
nays upon coucmrin^ in the report of "the Com-
mittee of the Whole upon that amendment.
Mr. COBB. 1 suppose the first ipiestion will
bo upon agreeing!,, the amendment recommended
by the Committee of the Whole, and then upon
concurring in (he Senate amendment as amended.
The Nl'KAKKR. It w ill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. IJLIHS. There was a diifenmee of
ion in committee as to whet the effect won
of the adoption oi lejeetjon of this amendment
My object, is to inquire of the Speaker uh.it will
he the ellect of the lejeclioii ol {his aim ndmeilt
reported from the Committee of ihe Whole?
The NPEA K ER. It is himlly competent for
the Chan to d< cide that question. ]i is a matter
for the House.
Mr. BLISS. The question is u bether, if we
nhall reject Una amendment, the question will not
recur, " Shall we adhere to (he onginai proposi-
tion r"
Ihe SPK AK Ijli. If the House i eject, the
amendment repoited by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, the question
will recur on eoiicurrini- in t lie Senate amendment,
or on icreding jrom the ] louse pioposition, as
the ease in.iv he.
Air. WaLKER. I desire to a^k the Chair
whether the vote we tire now about to take is or
is not ontlicanKMidmcnt offered by tiiegentleman
from Ohio [Mr. C vmpbm.i. | yesterday ?
The SPKA K 1:11 *. The t in the in M (j nest ion.
Mr. "WALKER. The vote, then, is lio 11 ted to :
'the amendment oil'ered by the gentleman from :
Ohio? & |
Mr. HA ULAN. Is it ill older to hiive a divis- |
ion of t!ic pfupoMtiuii 1 j
The .SPEAKER. The proposition is not di- |
visible. 1
Mr. HARLAN". Can it not be divided at the ;
pomt wheie that proviso is attached? j
I lie SPEAKER. It. is not a divisible question '
on any ground, inasmuch as, jf the House rejected !
the hrst part^of the amendment, there would be [
nnthmsf left lor the proviso to be attached to. It 1
is ail icpoitcd as one whole amendment from the j
committee o. the Whole on the state of theUnion. '
optn-
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Bull, Barbour, Iljpiny Ben-
nett, Hendiey S. Bennett. Benson, Billtnghurst, Biadohaw,
Broom, Butlinton, James It. Campbell. John P. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Cauitheis, Ohafl'ee, Bayard Clarke,
Ezra Clark, Ciavvson, Comins, Covode, Oiaem, Damrell,
Henry VVintei Davis, Tunothy Davis, Dean, Dick, Durfee,
£die,Edwat(i-, Elliott, Emrie, Etheridge, Eu&tis, Florence,
Heniy M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller. Gilbert, Uobeit JL
Hall, J. Morrison Hams, Harrison, llolloway, Thomas
11. Jlorton, Howard, IIughston, Kelly, Kelsey, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, JLmdley, Mace, MaUetou, Maxwell,
McCaity, Killian Miller, M inward, Morrill, Muiray, Nich-
ols, Norton, Pearce, Peck, Peitori, Perry, Porter, Purvi-
anee, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Roberts, Scott, Sherman,
Samuel A. .Smith, Snecd. Spinner, Stanton, Swopc, Thor-
mgton, Thurston, Vail, Wakeman, Walbridgc, Waldion,
Warnei, Cadwaladei U. WaslihiunCjEihhuB. Washhume,
Watkins, VVat^oit, Welch, Windier, Williams, Wooil-
lult*, Daniel B. Wright, and ZoiheofTer—95.
NAYS—AIc^m*. Aiken, Barclay, Bliss, Bowie, Branch,
Brenton, Burnett, ('arlile, C.i^kie. Chngman, [lowell Cobb,
Wiiharns-on it. W. Cobb, Colfav, Craige, Cnllen, Cmnlmck,
Day, Denver, Dodd, DowdolI,Edmundson, Faulkner, Flau-
lei, <iiddimr>,(ioode, Granger, Greenwood, Ilarlan,Thomas
L. n.uri>, Haven, Hertiej i. liiekman, Valentine B. Morton,
Houston, Geoige W. lone-, .} Gianey Jone«, Kidwell,
Knox, Loiter, Letcher. Lumpkin, Alexander K, Mar-hall,
Humplney Marshall, McQueen, Hinith Miller, Million,
Morgan, Mott, Andrew Oliver, Oir, Parkei, Phelps, Pike,
Powell, Pnti^le, Clmtman. Richardson, Kitehie, Ratlin,
KiKt, ^.indidgi1, Sapp, Shorter, hhmmons, William tf tniiii,
Stephens^, Stuw.ut, tfnanahan, Taltion, T.ippan, Tayloi,
Todd, Tnppe, TTndeiwood, Valk, \Vado, Walker, Israel
Wa>hhuni, Well,-, Wheelei, "VVoodworth, arid John V.
Wnglu—cW.
So the seventh amendment was agreed to.
Pending the vote,
Mr. ENGLISH stated that he was not within
■ the bar when his name was called, otherwise he
| should have voted m the negative.
; The question recurred on the amendment of the
! Senate as amended by the House.
Air. HICKMAN ealled for the yeas and nays.
iVfr. JONES, of '1 Vnnessee. I wisli to make
an liiqutiy. The Senate proposes to strike out
certain woi ds. The House has adopted in lieu
of them certain other pro visions. The question j
now is, on concumng with the Senate amend- \
ment, to stnke out as amended. Then, if wc .
concur with them in striking out, that will put 1
all the Rouse amendment into the bill. |
The SPEAlCliR. That will be the elfuct of j
the vote. s
J The yeas and nays were not ordered,only thir- J
J teen members \otiii£ therefor.
j The question was taken; and there were, on
! division—ayes 94, noes 4:2.
! So the seventh amendment of the Senate as
' amended by the House was concurred in.
; Twentieth amendment.
i Strike out the following proviso:
1 I'lorKir.l, That the money hetebv appropriated Mull not
I iK'diauii fimu t he Tit1, kui \. oi .no p.Mt lliercof, and the
- tine <n an\ pat f lheic: l -hall not be paid out it' am ofhei
appiopnafmti>. made by Connie^., nrirli nil eiuniii.il'p'O-e-
: eniinn1* now pending in .ui\- com i oi the Tei i ittn v ot K,m-
Ms. .llt\ p"iM u oi pei-otis eh;it;_'i d \\)|h tir.lMUi
ilLMUM Ihe I flitted State- and .ill et iiiona! [iio.eeiilinn--. 1 \'
utlottuaiion or mdietnicut, ayauivt mi) pei-~nn orjXM^ons (<>i
an\ aH«'«ed \ lol.uion <>i diMeyard wh.iteverot tin; pt( :e->ed
ItH,- oi a bod j ol men who a^-einbh d ut Shawnee Mi->-
M'lli, m -aid Tei i Hoi v,e!aimiim to he the Lo'.n-Iattw A-^eIJl•
l'!\ of (he sumI Temtoiy, shall he disinis-ed In ilnwoutt.
and ev ei\ pei -on who t> or mav be res named or j, t,oj t_\.
by i easoti <>{ any ot said prosecutions, shall be ie!ea?ed fio'm
confnienient.
In tliis amendment the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommended a con-
currence with an amendment, as follows:
Provc'rd, That no part of the money appmpriated 1>\ the;
art toi the Teintoiyol' Kansas r-liali be dtawtt fiom the
'I'ii .isui \, oi paid out of any oilici appmpnatieii made bv
<'on«ies>, unul eveij peisun ehamed wnh tiea-on asanit-'t
the United Slates, ot othei offense founded upon un\ par-
luMpalion ol such pee-on in (tie 'otmation of the constitu-
tion known a- the Tope kn < .ni-l tint ton, oi aiiy inea-ute
piepaiatoiy theieto, or m pm-uanee theieet. oi m ilie hodv
claim in u to be the l>e«)siatui e of j-aid Tei ntoij, eouvened
at Topek.i, or any mo.iMue pieparatoiy theieiooi m pursu-
ance theieof, oi any violation m dit-ie^ard v\hatevet of any
enactment of the alleged Lesi.-lative Assemlilv of said Tei-
iifoiy, leeetulv assembled at Shawnee M^sioit, shall he
released trom <-onlni( ment and di-eh.n^od fioia itirtlier pios-
ecation theiefoi. 1 "Jut nothing: contained m this proviso
j-liall be ^o eonsttucd a-; to pievent the indictment, arrest,
jnoseeution, punishment, or detention, in or hvany eonif
el the United States m said Tenitory, of any per=o"n who
>hall have \iolaied am pnu'ision ot any act of Congress m
the foiiiDiHMon of any oflense .tg.miht person or propeity
in t-aul Teinton.
Tho question beinj on the amendment to the
amendment,
Mr. McQJJEEN callcd fo * the, yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS — Me^rs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett. Ben>on, JBilunshurst, Bishop, Bliss,
Btadsdiaw, Brenton, Bufiinion, James H. Campbell, Chaf-
iee, Bayaul Clarke, Ezra CUnk, Coliax, Comins, C'ovode,
Cragui, (Jumbaek. Damrell, Tiumthv Davis, Day, Dean,
Dick, Dick«on, Oodd, Duifee, Edie, Emne, Flagler. Gal-
ton, Knox, Kunkel, Loiter, MaueMm, MeCaity' Kilhan
Miller, Millward, Moigan, Monill, Mott, Murray,' Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peaiec, Pelton, Pennington, Perry,
Pettit, Pike, Prmgle, Purvianee, Iiitchie, Roberts, Sapp,
buine, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Wasliburn, Welch,
Wood, "Woudrutf, and Woodwoith—97.
NAYS — Me^r^ Aiken, Ilendley S. Bennett, Boeock,
Bowie, Branch, Biooks, Biooin, 'Cadwalader,' John P.
Campbell, Lewis I). Campbell, Cailile, Caskie, 'Chngman,
Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cunge, Cullen,
Davidson. Henry Wmtei Davii,Denver, Dnvvdell, Ednnnid-
>on. Elliott. Thigh'-h, Ethendgc, Eu>ti>v Evans, Faulkner,
Floienee, Foster, Thomas J. 1). Fuller,Goode, Greenwood,
.1 Mnnis-oti II,mis, Tiiomas L. Harris, Haruson, Haven,
Iletbeit, Hickman, Houston, George VV. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones. Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K.
Marshall, ilumplney jYI.uMmII, :\Iax\vell McMulhu, Mc-
(.iueen, Smith Mdlei.Mills-oil, Moideeai Oliver,Oir, Peek,
Phelps, Poiter. INuveH, Puryear, Qiutman, Ready, Ricaud,
RiehardbOn, Rivers, Ruffin, Kust, Sandidge, Seward,
vShoiter, Samuel A. Smith, William Snnth, William R.
Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewait, Swope, Talbott,Taylor,
Tnppe, Tyson, Underwood, Valk, Walkei, Watncr, Wat-
kins. Wells, Wheelei, Whitney, Williams, Wmslow,
Daniel B. Wnght, John V. Wright, and Zo'hcoffer—94.
So the amendment to theamendment was agreed
to.
Pending tho call,
Mr. CLAWSON stated that he was not within
the bar when his name was called; otherwise,he
would have voted "ay."
Air. OUR stated that Mr. Bell was detained
at his lodgings by indisposition.
Mr. IvKLLY stated that he had paired off on
this question with his colleague, Mr. Edwards.
Mr^ JN'JCHOLS stated that lie had paired ofF
on this question for this day with Mr. Barks-
d alt'.
The question rccurred on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate, as amended bv the
House.
Mr. CRAIGE callcd for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. CRAIGE awlced to withdraw the call.
Mr. MiCiUEKN objected.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
(i Mr. Dickixs, us Secretary, notifying ihe [louse
that the Senate adhered to i s amendment to the
. naval appropriation bill, and asked a committee
: of conference.
] ENROLLED BILLS.
: Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
BtIN, reporu d as truly enrolled bills of the tol-
low mg titles; when (he Spejkt r signed (he same:
An act (S. j\Tr>. (m) to duthoiizi: and direct the
settlement ol the account of the Bank of the State
, of Missouri, for money advanced for the subsist-
' ence and transportation of volnnteeis; and
An act (S. No. 191) for the iclief of O ezairo
; "VVall.u'e, ot the paiiah of Bossier and Slate of
| Louisiana.
I NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL COMMITTEE
1 OF CONFERLN'CIO.
; Air. PHELPS. I afk the unanimous consent
! of the House to take up the message from the
, Senate returning- the naval appropriation bill, m
which the Senate haw appointed a committee of
i conleience. I move that the House insist on its
disagreement, and that it appoint a committee of
conference to meet that of the Senate.
The motion was; agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Phllps, Benson, and Stran-
'i ahan", as such committee.
, MESSAGE FIIOM THE PRESIDEjN'T CAPITOL
j EXTENSION.
j The SPEAKER presented a message from the
I President of the United States, transmitting a
, communication from the Secretary of War, in-
j closing a report from Captain Meigs, stating that
, the sum of $750,000 would be necessary for tho
j prosecution of the Capitol extension till the close
j of the next session of Congress, and recommend-
ing an appropriation of that amount; which was.
