1246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
The question was put, and it was decided in the
affirmative.
So the bills were referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. RITCHIE. I wish to give notice.that on
Monday next I will pffer the resolution which
has been read.
CORRECTION.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I rise to a correction of
the Journal. I find that I am reported in the
Union as having yesterday voted upon the amend-
ment offered bj^Mr. Campbell, of Ohio. I desire
simply to state that I had paired off with one of
my colleagues, and did not vote at all. Had I
been at liberty to vote, I should have voted in the
negative.
The SPEAKER. It does not appear upon the
Journals of the House that the gentleman voted
upon that resolution.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was here received from
the President of the United States, by Sidney
"Webster, his Private Secretary, and also a mes-
sage informing the Houses that he had this day
signed a bill making: appropriations to supply de(i-
c.iencies in the appropriations for the services of
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1856. !
FURTHER REPORTS FROM COURT OF^LAIMS. '
The SPEAKER. The Chair now asks leave I
to present to the House: several bills which have \
been received from the Court of Claims since the 1
bills were received, which have just b< en referred. ,
Mr. HAVEN" Are ihe bills before the House ' j
The SPEAKER. They are. !
Mr. HAVEN. 1 wish to say a few words upon '
the subjcct of the disposition which shall be made !
of these new bills. Of course, since the vote of 1
the House just taken, I regard the question as
settled, that these bills will go to the Commit tec
of Claims, and without any limitations or restric-
tions whatever, and also without any authority
on the part of that commmittee to report upon
them until it shall be rcgukuly called for reports
under the rules of this House. Sir, that com-
mittee may be so called next month, or within one
or two months aner, and it may not be so called
again during this whole session, and such a refer- 1
once will put the seal of a perpetual sl'-ep on those ;
bills, and of indefinite postponement upon the j
rights of the claimants for whose relief they are
designed. I
1 labored faithfully, and with more zeal I fear
than waxacccptable to the House, when the bills !
that have just been referred weF brought into
the House, to have them referied to the Com-
mil tee of the "Whole House, and pi.iced on tin1
Private Calendar—and by flint means give effect,
to the decisions of the Court of Claims—at least
to treat those decisions with as much respect as
belongs to the decisions of any of the commuters
of the House. The country looked to that court,
when it was established, as a great measure of
justice and relief to honest private claimants. Jf
there wasanv one act not mixed up with politics,
on the pait of the last Congress, which the coun-
try approved more than another, it was the estab-
lish m nit of that court; and the reason why the
country approved it was because it knew that year
after year, claimants camc here—honest creditors
of the Government—and begged for justice; but
that, owing to the pressure of the public business,
or to the. bad system of doing business in Con-
gress, they Were put off, delayed, deferred, and
disappointed, from day to day, from month to
month, from year to year, and from one Congress
to another, to an extent which in many cases
operated even worse than a prompt denial of
justice.
And when the people heard that a tribunal was
established by Congress to examine their claims
—to hear and icport upon them, to communicate
to Congicss the ascertained facts m regard to
tlu m, and the law that governed them, they sup-
posed it was to give some relief—it was to operate
as a measure ofjusticc—it was to shorten, to some
extent, the long road which they had traveled,
and the prolonged probation upon winch they had
be en kept thcreiofme, when they came to ask jus-
tice and judgment from this then* own dilatory
Go vern nient.
But, sir, under the operation of the system just
adopted by the House—that of referring the
leports and bills of the Court of Claims to tho
Committeeof Claims—I do not arraign the House
for it, though I think it a great error—the Court
of Claims is hereafter to operate only as a clog
upon claims, and a hindrance to claimants—as a
great delay, if not a delusion and a snare; and,
instead of going only through the ordinary pro-
cess to which they have been heretofore sub-
jected, they will now be put upon the additional
probation of the law's delay, to the additional
charge of counsel and witnesses before the Court
of Claims, a regular lawsuit with their own Gov-
ernment, and, after all of that, will have to go
back again with their claims to the Committee of
Chums, and from thence thread all the intricate
! labyrinths of legislation to which they have
[always before been subjected. The whole pro-
I cess, expense, and delay of going through the court
: is to be an addition to what they had to undergo
| before it was established, with nothing to shorten
! the time, with nothing to hasten the old process,
; or change the road they were formerly compelled
to travel. ;
The court, sir, is thus made practically a post-
ponement of justice, and nothing el so. I know
j it was intended, and could be made by us, a
i great measure ofjusticc to all, and an essential j
i aid to honest claimants. It could easily be made, j
| not only to hasten business, and give relief to
| honest claimants, but also to protect the Govern-
! ment against unjust and unfounded claims. All
. this could be done by yielding a proper confidence
| to its deliberate and well-considered opinions, and
1 placing the cases it has reported to us at once
1 upon the Private Calendar of the Whole House,
, wheie they can bo considered every Friday and
j Saturday; or, if they tire, referred, to give ro the
1 committee having them in charge the unqualified
| ri«ht to report upon them every Friday and Sat-
' urday morning; but, by the course just adopted
; by the House, referring them without the right
, so to report, claimants are practically, and in my
i opinion most unjustly, set back a full year further
! from ultimate justice than they ha\e ever stood
J before.
! Let me enlarge upon this matter a trifle, Mr.
i Speaker, and point out to the House and the
j country tho practical^operafion (if this tiling, be-
. fore we had this Court of Claims, and also its
| operation since, if we adhere to the line of con-
■ duct of this morning, and simply refer these
[ reports to the Committee of Claims, without the
' riijht to report upon them before the committee is
j regularly called under the rules.
, tfefcue we established that couit, the claimant
: came here and presented his petition. It was
i then referred m the first instance to the Commit-
1 tee of Claims. That committee icported to the
j House, and the House referred the bill—if one
; w< re reported—to the Committee of the Whole
: House, and placed it on the Private Calendar,
i The House went into Committee of the Whole,
, and took up and passed on the matter one way
! or the other, and then wo were done with it, and
| it went to the Senate. "What is the process
! now? Why, when the claimant comes here and
presents his petition, it is referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, or to some other committee.
That committee comes in after awhile—as my
friend, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee
did the other day, and* reports that it has nives-
1 tigated the matter, and that m its opinion it is one
of those matters which ought to go to the Court
of Claims It goes, then, to that court m addition
to us going to tne Committee of Claims. That is
a new step. The claimant employs counsel, who
j argues it in the fust instance on the statements in
j his petition. If they arc held to be satisfactory
j bv the court, it grants an order to take testimony.
I The testimony is then brought before the court.
' Counsel argue it again upon the testimony, and
. then the court reports the facts audits conclusions
j to Congress.
| Now, oil this process of reference to the court,
j and ail the proceedings, expenses, and delays
i there, are a new and additional burden and proba-
tion imposed upon the claimant; and notwith-
standing all this, by the decision just made in
regard to the bills just referred, this report of the
court, when it so comes here, now goes, by refer-
ence, again back to the point from which it
started in the first instance, on the presentation
of the petition to us. It goes back to the Com-
mittee of Claims again; that committee again
take it up, and again examine it, and pass upon
it—this time over the head of the Court of
Claims; and after all that, if the committee can
thereafter be reached in regular order, upon a call
—if it can get a chance to report—if the Commit-
tee on Public Lands shall ever get through, and
the other committees shall ever get through, so
! that the Committee of Claims can be called—then
that committee makes its report, and the matter"
goes to the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and from that point goes
on the same track again that it would have fol-
lowed if it had not been turned out of the way to
travel the long journey through the Court of
Claims. Now I submit that, m reference to this
state of things, and under this erroneous practice
of the House this morning, the claimant is much
worse off than he ever was before the bill was
passed establishing the court.
Mr. GIDDINGrS. I wish to make a remark
or two on this matter.
The SPEAKER. There is no question before
the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I beg pardon, Mr. Speaker, I
thought tho bills were before the House on a mo-
tion to refer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has submitted
the bills before the House on leave; but it is in
some measure an anomaly, there being no ques-
tion which the Chair can state as a motion pend-
ing-
Air. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to refer
the bills to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HAVEN. I have the floor, and do not
purpose to yield it for any such motion of refer-
ence, for I think it a great injustice to these claim-
ants. I supposed there was a motion pending;
but if not, I submit a motion that the bills be
referred to the Committee of the Whole House.
There is where they should go, although 1 sup-
pose the House will vote that motion down, as it
has just done m regard to the other bills. My
friend from Pennsylvania desires to ask a ques-
tion 
Mr. RITCHIE. I desire to interpose a single
remark. I wish to say that the intention, in re-
ferring those bills to the Committeeof Claims, is
not to have them reexamined by that committee
as to the facts. It is simply that that committee
may read over the bills and see whether thtre is
anything contained in them which might be con-
sidered as trenching on the privileges or rights of
this House; and if there be not, that they report
them back and let the House act upon tiiLin.
That same reference I understand has been made
unanimously in the Senate; and tho practice has
.been heretofore, m relation to the supreme and
other courts, to give the same reference with the
very same intention—not with the intention of
subjecting the parties to a reheating of the ca^e.
Mr. PULLER of Maine. Is the question of
reference debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is debatable.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not intend to detain the
House. I do not arraign the House f >r the d< -
cision that has been made; I only wish to point
out its consequenccs; but for the purpose of having
the matter before the House, I have moved that
these bills be referred to the Committee of the
Whole. t
Nov/, in addition to what I have said, I desire
to make these further remarks. I submit to my
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ritchie,] that we
ought not, for the single purpose of having the
Committee of Claims read these bills, ('when he
concedes their ineritsarenot to be examined into,)
to do a great injustice to claimants. Still, the
House has come to another conclusion, and I
must submit to it. I dislike to do it; but I can en-
dure it with much less pain than these claimants,
who are kept out of their honest dues by it.
As the House has failed to refer the bills to
the Committee of the Whole House and place
them on the Private Calendar, and has refused to
i treat the judgment of the court as being at least
i equivalent to the examination of the Committee
; of Claims, I of course desire the next best thing
that can be obtained; and for that purpose I join
hands with my friend from Pennsylvania, and
pray the House to give to the Committee of
Claims, by rule or resolution, the privilege and
right, on every private bill day, to report back
these bills emanating from the Court of Claims,
without being prevented from doing so by the
