1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
011 the table; and it was decided in the negative-
yeas 56, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Hendley S.
Bennett, Bovce, Branch, Brooks, Cadwaladcr, Carlile, Wil-
liamson R W. Cobb, Cox, Oraigp, Crawford, Davidson,
Henry Winter Davis, Dav, Etheridge, Faulkner, Thomas
J. D. Fuller, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, ThomasL. Hams,
Houston, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Keitt, Kelly,
Leiter, Letcher, Mace, Samuel S. Marshall, Smith Miller,
Moidecai Oliver, Orr, Phelps, Puryear, Quitman, Reade,
Iiuffin, Rust, lavage, Sowaid, Shoiter, Stewart, Talbott,
Thurston, Todd, Vail, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wells,
Williams, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright
—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Baiboxir, Bell, Henry Bennett, Benson,
Billinghurst. Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton,
Biooni, Buihngame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Chafiee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Clingman, Colfax,
Comms, Covode, Cumbaek, Diek, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn,
Duifec, Edie, Edmuudson, Emrie, Flagler, Galloway,
Granger, Giow, Hariison, Hollo way, Thomas R. Horton,
Howaid, Ilugli&ton, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knox,
Lake, Ltndley, Humphrey Marshall, Meaclmm, Millson,
Millward, Morgan, Mornll, Norton, Parker, Pelton, Pen-
nington, Pike, Porter, Ready, Rtcaud, Rivers, Robbing
Roberta, Sabin, Sandidge, Scott, Sheiman, Simmon^, Spin-
ner, Stranahan, Svvope, Tavloi, Thonngton, Trafton,
Wakeman, Waldron, Cadwaladcr C. Washbuine, Ellihu
B. Wathbume, Israel WTashburn, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth—82.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The resolution was then adopted.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. GROW, from the Committee on Agricul-
ture, reported a bill to grant a homestead of one
hundred and sixty acres of the public land to
actual settlers; which was read a first and second
by its title, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
WITHDRAWAL OF A MEMORIAL.
On motion by Mr. GREENWOOD, it was
Ottered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal fiom
the files of the House of the memorial of Piofcs^or Wor-
cester, askinc the action of Congiess on the subject of edu-
cating the Indians oi California.
On motion by Mr. BENSON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged fiom the further oonsuleianon of the petition of the
Rappahannock river Agricultural and Mechanical Society,
praying that Lieutenant Matthew F. Maury's system of
meteorological observations be extended to the land for the
benefit of agriculture; and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture.
JOHN S. PENDLETON.
Mr. CLINGMAN, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
John S. Pendleton; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
TREATY WITH GREAT BRITAIN OF 1846.
Mr. PENNINGTON, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a bill to provide for
carrying into effect the first article of the treaty
between the United States and her Majesty the
Q,ueen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Ireland, of the 15th day of June, 1846; which
was read a first and second time by its title, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
THE CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY—CALLFOR
CORRESPONDENCE.
Mr. PENNINGTON. 1 am instructed by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to report to the
House the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to commum-
eatc to tiie Iloutie so much of the cone^pondcnce between
the Government or' the United States am! that of Gieat
lliitain, toiichmgthe Clayton-Buhvei convention, not liere-
tofcie communicated, as he shall deem not incompatible
with tile public interest.
Mr. Speaker, I move that the resolution be
adopted. The House is aware that the Senate
have already requested the President to commu-
nicate the correspondence between the two Gov-
ernments in regard to the violation of our neu-
trality laws. We need, therefore, only the cor-
respondence called for by this resolution, to put
the House and the country in possession of all the
correspondence tin owing light on the present con-
troversy between the two Governments.
The resolution was adopted.
STATE GOVERNMENT FOR OREGON.
Mr. GROW, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to which was referred a bill to enable the
people of Oregon Territory to form a constitution
and State government, and for the admission ot
such State into the Union, reported the same
back with an amendment.
The bill and amendment were referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the stateof the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
KANSAS AND NEBRASKA.
Mr. GROW also, from the same committee,
to which had been referred petitions in respect to
the late occurrences in Kansas, reported a bill to
amend, and supplementary to, an actcntitled "An
act to organize the Territories of Nebraska and
Kansas;" which was read a firstand second time
by its title, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GROW, also, from the same committee,
by the instruction of a majority thereof, reported
a bill to annul certain acts of the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Kansas, and to secure
to the citizens of said Territory their rights and
privileges; which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories has, I think, some petitions
to send up.
Mr. GROW. There are some petitions which
the committee propose to make a report upon,
but they are not ready.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the report
which the gentleman has made was based upon
those petitions.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman wishes the peti-
tions upon which the report was made, I will
send them up.
The SPEAKER, having finished the call of
committees, announced that resolutions were ill
order from the State of Maine.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. ALLEN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to withdraw certain papers from the j
files of the House, in relation to the claim of I
Apollos Cooper, for the purpose of reference in :
the Senate. I desire to say, in connection with [
this request, that part of the papers in this case
have found their way into the House and part into
the Senate. I wish to have them all presented to
one body.
Mr. HOUSTON. In this connection I wish to
have a point of practice settled. Iliad this morn-
ing the same thing to do which the gentleman
from Illinois now asks permission to do. I desire
to know whether I have the right, under the rule,
to withdraw papers from the files, and refer them
to a committee?
Mr. ALLEN. I am informed by the Clerk
thai there is no rule under which papers may be
withdrawn, with a view to refer them to the
Senate.
TU^SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
it is Competent, under the rules, for members to
withdraw papers from the files of the House, for
the purpose of reference to a committee of the
House.
No objection being made, the order asked for
by Mr. Allen was granted.
ELECTIONS IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. MEACHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to regulate elections in the District
of Columbia; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
REVISION OF RULES.
Mr. PERRY. I offer the foil owing resolution:
Resolved. That a committee of five be appointed bv tile
Speaker, to whom -hall be referred the mleri of the House,
and who shall have leave to repoit at any tune such
amendment and revision of the tame a1; they t-hall think
pioper; and such leport, when made, shall be considered
by the House as a special order.
Mr. STEPHENS. How did that resolution
get in?
The SPEAKER. Under the call of the States
for resolutions.
Mr. STEPHENS. All motions to amend the
rules lie over one day, I believe.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It is not a motion
to amend the rules, but to appoint a committee
to take charge of the subject of amendment of the
rules.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have no objection at all
to the raising of a committee, but the part of the
resolution authorizing the committee to report at
any time certainly proposes to confer upon them
a power which is not given to them under the
rules of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object to discussion,
unless it is to be general , because I regard this as
a very important resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the resolution is in order.
Mr. STEPHENS. I rise to a point of order.
That portion of the resolution which authorizes
this committee, when raised, to report at any
time, does vary the rules of the House; and to
that extent I raise a question of order upon the
resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. The resolution also proposes
to make the report a special order, which can only
be done by a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the resolution to that extent is not strictly in order,
under the rules.
Mr. STEPHENS. Ifthegentlemanwillmodify
it in that respect, I will not object to it.
Mr. PERRY. I will modify the resolution, by
striking out all that relates to making the report
of the committee a special order.
Mr. STEPHENS. Letthatpartalsobestricken
out which gives the committee power to report at
any time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. While the gentlemen are
modifying the resolution, I wish to suggest to the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] and the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] that they
should add, in lieu of those stricken out, the
words:
Provided, That notices to amend the rulei may be given
in the same manner m which notice of the introduction of
bills aie given.
Mr. HOUSTON. That will be changing the
rules.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The reason why such an
amendment is necessary,arises from the fact that
an amendment of the rules was made by the last
Congress, upon my motion; which, under the
construction of your predecessor, Mr. Speaker,
took away the power to amend the rules, upon
notice'of motion for that purpose. It used to be
the fashion for gentlemen, when the States were
called for petitions, to give notice of motions to
amend the rules and of the introduction of bills.
The process of calling the States for petitions was
stricken out upon my motion; and the Speaker
held, under it, that no mode was provided for
notices of motions to amend the rules. I desire
that noticcs of motions to amend the rules shall
stand upon the same footing with notices of mo-
tions to introduce bills. I presume there is no
objection to that.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennes'see. The present mode
of giving notice of intention to ask leave to in-
troduce bills amounts to no notice at all. If we
agree to allow notices of motions to amend the
rules to be given in the same manner as noticcs
of intention to ask for leave to introduce bills, we
may as well strike out the rule; because, just be-
fore the House adjourns, a gentleman may give
such notice, and the next day he may come in,
and propose to introduce his bill, without any
member being apprised of his intention.
The resolution, as modified, was then read, as
follows:
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed by the
Speaker, to whom ^hail be relened the rule?- of the House,
and who shall liav<; Ir-avo to tvport at any tunc such amend-
ment and revision oi the >amc as tlu*y shall think proper.
Mr. STEPHENS. That modification does
not obviate the objection made to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that, inas-
much as the resolution gives to the committee
leave to report at any time, it conflicts with the
rules of the House.
Mr. PERRY. I will modify the resolution, so
as to leave out the part referred to by the Speaker.
Mr. BOYCE. I prefer that the resolution
should not be adopted. The rules are sufficiently
complicated now, nnd if wc make any more
changes in them, wo never will know what they
are.
Mr. PERRY. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question was ordered to be put; and, being
put, the resolution wan agreed to.
