1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
mm
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and oidered to be printed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL 
AGAIN.
The question being on concurring in the twen-
tieth amendment of the Senate, as amended by
the House—
Mr. McGtUSEN. I withdraw my objection
to the withdrawal of the call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In order that we
may vote understandingly, I ask the Speaker to
state what wjII be the effect of adopting- the
amendment of the Senate, as amended?
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is to strike out and insert. If the House
concur in the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the effect will be to concur with the Senate in
striking out the original proviso inserted b)r the
House, and to insert in lieu thereof the proviso
reported faun the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the negative prevails,
then the proviso originally inserted will be re-
tained ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. McQ.U£EN. Is the question divisible,
eo that the vote may first be taken on the motion
to stiike out ?
The SPEAKER. It is not divisible.
Mr. HOUSTON, If I were to ask to be ex-
cused from voting, would it be in order to give
my reason for making the request?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman makes the
motion the Chair will submit it to the House, but
it must be decided without debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not make my motion
unless I can be allowed to give my reason.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 90; as follows:
YEA:S — Mcm-ts. Albnght, Alhjon, Ball, Baibcui. Bar-
clay, Ilenty Bennett, Benson, Biilmghuist, Di&hop,'Wis",
Brad>h;uv, Bienfon. Btithatoii, James LI. CampbeU,' Chat-
fee, Kzra Clark, CJ.i\v:-on, (Jolutx, Comin-:. Covodc, Uiagm,
Cumh.tek, Damreli, Day, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dock!,
Dunce, Edio, l'<dwaidh, Limio, Plaglei, Galloway, Old-
ding*, Guheit, Cianyc-, Glow, Robert B. Ilad, (Jatlan,
Ilolicnvay, Thomas R. lloiton, Valentine B. Hoiion, How-
ard, Hii<fl)>ton, Kclrfey, King, Knapp, Knight, Kno'vlfon,
Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Matt ;*on, MeCarty, lvillian Mdlei,
MiJIwaid, Morgan, Morrill.. Molt,Mirnav, I\Toi *on, Andiew
Oliver, Parker, Pcatce, Pcllon, Pennington, Peiry, Petnt,
Pike-, Pnngle, Purvum^e, Kitclue, Kobeit.-, Sapp, Scott, 1
Sherman, SimmoiH, Spnmei, Stanton, Stranahan, Tap- |
pan, Thorington, Timr-ton, Todd, Tiaiton, Wade, Wake- I
man, Walhnrige, Walilion, Cadwalader Wuih'.urnc, ]
"CShhu B. \Va?bI)uine\ I<iaW Was>bbuin, Welch, Wood, \
Woodruff, and Woodworth—97. ' 1
NAVo — Messrs. Aiken, Hondley S. Bennett, Bocock, ;
Bowie, Branch, Biookf, lJioom. Biunctt, Cadwalader, j
John P. Can,pbt.il, L-cvvw D. Campbell, Caiiile, Caiuthcis, j
Ciingman. Howell Cobb. Wiluam,-oii R. XV. Cobb, Craige,
Cullen, Davidson, Dowdell. Edniundson, Elliott, IlnjrIMi, |
Etheiidjre, JGumi.-, Ev.in^, I'Vuiknei, Floience, Foster, j
Thomas J. D. Fuller. Goode. Greenwood. J. Morneon Har-
ris, Thomas L. Harris, Uairuson, Haven, Hcrboit, Hickman, I
llouc-ton, Coorge XV. Jones, J. Giancy Jones Kelly, Kid- j
well, Lake, Letcboi. LindAey, Lumpkin, Humphrey Mar- .
Fhail, Maxwell, MrMnilm, MeCiueen, Smith Miliei. Mill- j
son. Mouieoai Oliver, On, Peck, Poite.r, Powell, Puiyeai, j
Uuitnun, Read>, Bieaud, River's, Uufnn, Ku?t, Snmlidge, 1
Savage, Reward. Sumter, Saimsel A Smith, William R.
Smith, Sneed, Siephcns. tfteuait, Talboti. Taylor, Tnppe, !
Underwood, Vai!, Walker, Warner, Watkinv, Weils |
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams WmMow, DauieiB. Wii^ht, '
John V. Wtight,and ZolUcofTer—90.
So the amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was agreed to,
Pcnuin? the call of the roll,
Mr MILLSON stated that, although neither
voting in the affirmative nor the negative would
be m accordance with his views, bo voted in the
negative.
Air. HOUSTON. I am against both provisoes,
and see but little difference between them, but
shall vote with my filends.
Mr. PHELPS stated that, if he had been within
the bar when his name was called, he should
have voted in the negative.
The twenty-first amendment was read, as fol-
lows:
In-iOit under the head of ^ Territory of Kansas" the fol-
lowing:
Foi compensation and mileage of the Legislative A-^m-
b'y. orhi uif. (lei kf. ruid contingent exponas oi fcaidLegis-
lafive Avvcmbiy. .>-2;) Oik").
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, Does this apply to
the past Legislature of that Territory, or the
future one?
Mr. PHELPS. It applies to J he future. Icall
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 83, nays Us; as follows:
YEAS — Mes?is. Aiken, FTemUey S. Bennett, Bocock,
Bowie, Bianch, Bunion, Cadw.dadei, John P. CampbeB,
Garble, Odiiuher.-, Cliii-zm.ui, fioweil Cobb, Williamson
I'. W. Cobb, Ciaige, Cullen, Davidson. Jlenrv Winter
Davis Denver, DowdeH, J^dmundsoru Elliott," English,
Etheridgo, Eu-nis, Evans, Faulkner, Floience, Foster,
Greenwood, J. Morir-on Han is, Thomas L. Ilairi-, Ileibcrt,
Houston, J. Gianey Jones, KeIly7Kennott, KidvveH, Lake,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Mawvcli, Mc-
Ciucen, Smith Midler, .Millc0]i,3l0ideeai Oliver, On, Peck,
Phelps, Poller, Powell, Put year, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud,
Richaid«fon. Itivei-<. Rufiin, Rust, lavage, .Reward, Shoiter,
Samuel A. Snnlh, William Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stenv-
«ut, Svvopo, Talbott, Taylor, Ttippe, Ty.-on, Underwood,
Vail, Valk, Wainei, VVatknis, U'heeler, Whmi<*y, Wm -
low, Daniel B. Wught, John V. Wiigiit. and Zoliicofler—
83.
NAYS — Meters. Albii^ht, Allison, Rdibour, Baiclay,
Henry JJonnett, Benson, Bilim«bur?t, Bishop, BIr<«, Br:id-
fdiaw, Bienloii, Bulfuiton, Le\n> D. Campbell, OhalTee,
B<iyaid Claike, Exia ClaiK, Claw-on, Colfax, Comnie-,
Covode, Ciagm, Cum'oack, Damieli, Dean, Dick, Dick-on,
Dodd, JDuiiee, F/die, Edwaids, Emi'ie, Flagler, GaMowav,
Guldings, Giangei, Giow. Robeil B. Hall. Haiian, Haven,
Iliekman, ilolioway, Thomas R. Iloiton, Valentine B.
Horton, Howaid, Il!ighst(^n,KeNoy, King, ICnapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Kno.\, Kunkel, Leiter, Matteson. iNIoCaiiy,
Kiilini Millei, IMillwaul, Moigein, Momll, I\Iott, Muria'y,
Noiton, Andrew Obvoi, Parker, Peaiec, PcJton, Penning-
ton, Pony, Pettit, Pike, Pnnglo, Pmvianee, Ritchie. Rob-
eiu, Sapp, Scott, Sherman. Simmon,-', Spinner. Stanton,
Strmahan, Tappm. Thonn^ton, Thurston, Todd, Tiafton,
Wade, Wakemi'i, W.albtjugo, Waldron, Cadw daiior C.
VVashbuino, Elhhu I> Wa^^lb^rnc, 1-rael Wa&hburn,
Watson, Welch, Wood, WoodiufF, and Woodwoi ill—08.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The thirtieth amendment, and the last about
which there was any controversy, was read as
folio ws:
Stiike out the pioviso in the following clause :
For delravnig the expenses of the Supionw, rircipt, and
diftnet eon it* of the Cinted Sfate>. including tiie Distnct
of Columbia; also rbi juiors and witiicN-se^.'m aid ol tbe
♦"unds anting liom finc*«, ponaltie?-. and lorl'citUMv, nieuir<'d
in the fiscal year encinig June 30, U-57. and previous \eaif>;
and likewi-e lor deiiajin" tho expenses of m.u(s m which
the United States aie tonccin^d. and of pio.-eeutioiis for
oiien-es committed ,'igainft the United State, and lor tbe
^ale.-keepin^ of pr^oneis, ,000,000. Provided^ ho-ci er.
That no pait of tlio momyheit'bj appiopnated siiall be
evpended for pic)«f-ciK!u^ oi d<'tainitia .mj pv-i-on oi pt i~ons
cliaiged wttli tte.if-on oranyuthcr political r.llmve m the
'J'erutoiy of Kansas, lot any pioseeuMcnio that have boon
iieretoioic nisstituud lor politic. 1 ofleil!:e^.
The Committee of ihc Whole on the state of the
Union recommended n concurrence in the amend-
ment, with an amendment, to insert, in lieu of
the words stricken out, the following:
Provided, hoi:ercr, Thar no pait oc the chall be ex-
pended tor arie-itmg. p. o^ecuting, punishing, or detaining
any person ciwiged'with tiea-on or other olrenpe founded
upon any participation of such person in the formation of
the constitution known as the Topcka eon titution, oi
measure prepaiatoiy iheieto, or in pur-uanee theieof, or in
the body claiming to he the Lcjjiflatme of said Terntoiy,
convened at J'opeka, oi any meagre piep.uatory thereto
or m pui-siKince thereof, oi any violation oi di«iegard wjiat-
ever of any enactment of the alleged Legitlaiive Assembly
of said Ternto'V leecntiy n--v<-nibled at ^hawnec M'^ion.
But nothingcontmned m" this proviso &hall be so construed
as to prevent the mdietmenf, aire^t, pro^eut.ou. puni-h-
menf, o-detention, in oi hy any eomt "f tbe 1 iiited Slates
in said Teiritoiv.ol anypei;-on who shall have violated any
pio\l^iou of anv act ot Congress m the commi^- on ot any
olfense against jiet.-cinor piopeity in Terntoiy.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, demanded the yeas
and nays upon iho amendment to the aniendmenu
The yec'S and nnysweic oidcii'd.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas I)-}, nays 8f>; as follows:
YEAS—Albnght, Alii-on, J' uibour, Baiclay,
ll^nry Bemieu, Ben-en, Bill.uglnn-t. Bi.-hoo, Tdi-v, Biad-
shaw, Bsenton, laiiiniton, J.ewts I). Campbell, Chaffee,
Bayaul Clatke, Ekia Claik, Ciaw-on, Colfax, i.'oimiis. <Jo-
vodf', Ciagm. Cuniback, Damr-1!!, Timothy L'avts, Dean,
Ujck, Dickson. Dodd, Uunoe, Edie. r.mn.-, Flagler, Gailo-
v.av, Guiding-, Giib-Tt, Giauget, (hou, Robeit B. Hall,
Haitan^ Ilolioway. Th'ima.- R Uoit<>n, Yalontme B. llor-
ton, Ilowaid, Jiu<.rii-:on, Kelsey, Kin?, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton. Knox, Kirdcei. Leiter, Matte <n« .'.leL aitv. Kil-
han Midler, Moiwu. Momll, Moft, Miina>, iVuUo'i, Audi e\v
Oliver, Paiko ," Pelton, Pennington, P, n-i, Pike,
Pi ingle, Pnrviance, Ritchie, Rohcits, H.ijpi !~'ee!f, Sim-
mons, Spinner. Stanton, SUanaban, Tapp.a*, Ti-oimgton,
Thurston, Todd, Trafion, Wade. Welhudto-, Waldron.
Caduahuier C. Wa-shburno, Eiuhu B. Wa iibmne. isiael
Wa^hbuiu.^V'eleh, Wood, Woc\!i uif. a:<d Woodvvouli—93.
NAYS—alc--r-. Aiken, JRodhv S. 15^ai:«'tt Bucoek,
Bowie, Branch, Burnett, O.idwdudfr. John P. < 'nmpbell,
Caiiile, Catuther---. Ca-kie, Cimginan. Howell Cobb, Wjl-
luim^on R. W. Cobb, Ciaige, Cuhen, DavicNmi, U. Winter
Davis, Denver, Dowdejl,' Edmunds,s, Elliott, Engh^h,
EthendgCj Ea?!is, Esar«s, Faulkner. ricreLce, Foster,
Thomas J, D. Fuller, Goode, Greenvvood, Thomas L. Har-
ris, Harrison, ^Herbert, Houston, George W. Jones, J.
Giancy Jones,'Kelly, Kidvvell, Lake,. Letcher, X«ind3ey,
Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Maxwell, McMulIin, iMc-
(iueen, Smith Miller, Millsom Orr, Peck, Pheip?, Porter,
Powell, Purycar, Uu'immn, Ricaud, Rivets, Ruffm, Rust;
Sandidge, Sav.vge, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam fcmitn, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swopc, Talbott.
Taylor, Tnppe, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker,
Warner, Wheelei, Whitney, Window, Daniel B. Wright.
John V. Wright, and Zolhcofier— 86.
So the amendment to the amendment "Was agreed
to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was then concurred in.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. MACE. I ask the unanimousxonsent of
the House for leave to report, from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, a bill es-
tablishing' certain post routes.
There was no objection; and the bill was re-
ported, and read a first and second time by its-
title.
Mr. MACE. The first section of the bill i?
understood by every member; and if there be no
objection, as it is very lengthy, I move that its
reading be dispensed with.
There was no object ion; and the reading of the
first suction was dispensed with.
The second section of the bill was read, as fol-
lows:
*Hrtd be it further enacted, , That so much of the first
section of the act approved March 3, 1855, entitled " An
act making appiopiiations tor the service of the? Pool Office
Department duung the fiscal year ending tlio 30th of June,
a^> relates to the pnvilegesof mail contractois in the
Teiritoiies west of the Mi.^-i'ssippi river, in establj&hmg
stations, and having preemption lights thereto, be, afcd the'
s-ame n hereby, extended to the mail contractors in the
Terntoiy of Minnesota, east of the said liver, and to in-
clude in all the Teiritoiies special as well as legtilar con-
tractors who shall cany tbe mail in or through any of the
said Teriitories: Provided, That-the right of preemption
hereby granted shall be limited m the case of each con-
tractoi to one bundled and sixty acres to caeh station east
of the M^si^-ippi liver-
Mr. GROW. I ask the gentleman from Indi-
ana to include in the bill a post road, for which I
have received a petition this morning. It is as
follows:
From Jlophottom station,on the Delaware, Lackawann,
and Western raihoad,iu Husqucbauna county, Pennsyl-
vania, to Dmioek, m ;-oid county.
Mr. MACE. I offer an amendment includiag
the post road stated by the gentleman', and an-
other one, as follows:
From Spencer, OwPn county, Indiana, to Clovcrdale,
Putnam count.v, m said Slate.
TJie amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MACE. The Committee on the PostOffice
and Post Roads liare attached to the bill the sec-
ond section, which has been lead, because they
believe it to be a right and just provision. These
contractors ought to have the right to preempt
one hundred and sixty acres of land at these
stations.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. For what reason
is the law referred to proposed to be extended to
the Territory of Minnesota? Perhaps right of
preemption ought to be given to the maiicoiitract-
ois in Utah and JN'ew Mexico. In those Terri-
toni'S the mail routes are in most pait through an
uninhabited country, and there are no places at
which these contractors can be accommodated.
But I can see 110 propriety in giving to these mail
contractors in Minnesota.a right to preempt, every
twenty or twenty-five miles, one hundred and
sixty acres of the public land. I conceive that
there is no necessity for it. I am informed by a
gentleman conversant witii the subject, that the
Indian titte to most of the land in New Mexico
and Utah is not yet extinguished. There are
few settlements there, and it was for this reason
that the right of preemption was given to mail
contractors in those Territories. There is no
such reason in the ease of Minnesota, audi move
that the second section be stricken out.
Mr. RICE. I am sure that, if the gentleman
from Tennessee understood the case, lie would
not submit the motion to strike out. In Minne-
sota we have a mail route connecting two settle-
ments fire hundred miles apart. The contractor
must have stations—places at which to keep his
horses—and if this provision be stricken out, when
the land is surveyed he will be liable to have all his
improvements taken from lu«i. Other routes are
several hundred miles in length, and this is the
