1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
appease public indignation by special favors to
these meritorious officers. Give equal, even-
handed justice to all. Nothing else will satisfy roe;
nothin* else ought to satisfy the American Senate.
This°remedy I propose by the bill now before
me which, at the proper time, I will offer as a
substitute for the committee's bill. It seeks to do
justice to the country and the officers who have
been injured. I propose to repeal so much of the
act of 1855 as authorizes promotions in the places
of the retired or dismissed officers. This is abso-
lutely necessary to prevent the periodical recur-
rence of the very evils sought to be remedied by
this bill. We have too many officers. Why, then,
fill thcplaces of those you either retire or dis-
miss? The bill of the committee gives above one
hundred captains; we have no employment for
one third of that number. My bill proposes a
means by which the service can relieve itself—
theirs aggravates and increases the evil. The
same argument holds good in all the grades in the
service, except midshipmen.
The report of the committee attempts to demon-
strate that young men now entering the service
cannot be captains at an average age of Jess than
seventy-two. If that is an evil, they propose no
remedy for it. The radical error of the com-
mittee seems to' be, that they act as though the
Navy was made for the officers, and not for the
country. They must call to their aid a power
higher than that of man to devise a scheme by
which all the officers of the service will in any
time reach the head of the service. It is neither
possible nor desirable. I would, then, give every
officer who has been disrated or dropped by the
naval board, and who demands it, a trial by a
naval court of inquiry, with all the guards that
the existing laws for the government of the Navy
throws around that tribunal. I want no new laws
for their protection; I only demand that the laws
which have for fifty years protected these naval
officers shall not be taken away from them. They [
were passed in pursuance of an express grant in j
the Constitution; fifty years have demonstrated
their sufficiency and their wisdom. This code,
too, may possibly quiet the fears of the honorable I
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] who '
seemed to tremble at the bare idea of governing
an army or a navy by law; and sees, in such a
pretension, a "privileged class," with habeas
corpus " estates for life in their offices;" and, to
cap the climax of his horrors, he sees, behind all
these "chimeras dire"—trial by jury.
Now, Mr. President, in answer to all these in-
trepid statements and fancied terrors, I affirm, and
hold in my hand the authority to prove it, that
from the beginning of this Government the offi-
cers of the Army and Navy of the United States
have been governed by a code of laws, defining
and providing for every crime it is possible for
them to commit in the service, and further pro-
viding •' for notifying them of the cause of accu-
sation against them," "summoning witnesses
when theaccused desire it;" although to all which
the Senator from Delaware declares that " no 1
such doctrine can be maintained; and if it could
be, it would be fatal, as I have already said, to the
very existence of the Navy." In demanding these
principles, that Senator undertakes to read the
State of Virginia a lecture with which he seems
to be exceedingly well satisfied. These principles,
which the Senator says cannot be maintained,
have been steadily maintained in peace and war
from the beginning of the Government. I refer
the Senator to the act passed 23d April, 1800, and
the amendments thereto, for the existing laws on
this subject, where he will find all of these rights
secured to the accused officer, and of which he
says "no such doctrine can be maintained;" and
he will find even the tribunal which tries him not
much different from the trial by jury which he
so much dreads. It secttres the officer by a trial
by a president and twelve officers, impartial and
disinterested, and with the important securities
common in other criminal courts. By them he
is secured a fair, full, public, and impartial trial
before his peers, and according to the laws of the
land.
This is the code which I demand for these
officers; it is secured to them by constitutional
laws; and, however distasteful to the Senator may
be the expression, " by the great principles of
civil liberty." If they shall be condemned by
this tribunal, let them stand condemned. It was
the tribunal to which they agreed to submit when j
they took your service, and they cannot, and i
doubtless will not, complain of it. If they are .
not condemned, my bill declares them restored
to their rank in the service. The bill also au-
thorizes the President to call such a court at any
time,and submittothatcourtthe case of any officer
who is incapable of performing his duty, either
mentally, physically, or professionally, and thus
enable the service to rid itself, at all times, of the .
incapable. I care not for mere details; these are ;
the objects I wish to attain; and though I could at-
tain some of tliem much more speedily, I have sub-
mitted this plan as being most likely to meet the
approval of this body. I ask for these memorial-
ists nothing but this: that they shall not be injured
or condemned until they have been heard before
their own courts—courts established for their
own government. The demand is just, and I will
not doubt that you will grant it. Why shall this
not be done ? The main objection abandons the
defense of the action of the board, and we are
met with the round assertion that we have no
power to right this wrong. I am glad to see that
the Naval Committee abandons that ground, and
submits a measure of relief which, even on these
principles, can be made perfect.
But we are told by many Senators, that all
these officers have been removed from the Navy
by the act of the President, in the exercise of his
constitutional powers. I have already shown
that he did not act in this matter by any other
authority than the law; and now 1 proceed to
show that he has no other power over the removal
of officers of the Navy than just such power as
the law may give him.
I hold that the Constitution confers no power
on the President to remove an officer of the Navy
in any case whatsoever. The Senator from Del-
aware seems to be the champion of this constitu-
tional heresy, and expresses his "amazement"
that any Senator at this day should question it.
1 Even against so great an authority, I invite your
' attention to itsfurtlier consideration, both on prin-
| ciple and authority. The Naval Committee of this
body also, with extreme confidence, declares the
absolute right of the Executive to dismiss every
officer of the Navy at his own will and pleasure.
With these doctrines openly and authoritatively
avowed, I ask a hearing for the Constitution of
my country. Here is the Constitution; if this
great power is given to the President of the United
States, I wish the clause pointed out. It ought
to be "nominated in the bond." It cannot be
found here. The Constitution declares that Con-
gress shall have power " to provide and maintain
a Navy." Can you "provide and maintain a
I Navy if the President can disband it at hispleas-
j ure?—for if he has this power over the officers,
; he certainly has it over the men. The power to
declare war is expressly given to Congress; the
instruments for carrying it on are wisely placed
: also in the hands of Congress. But the Consti-
I tution also expressly confers on Congress the
power" to makerulesforthegovernmentandreg-
ulation of the land and naval forces."
Here, then, we have express power " to pro-
vide" a navy; " to maintain" a navy; " to make
rules for the government and regulation" of the
| Navy. We are gravely told that the President
1 can disband it wnen he pleases, govern it and
! regulate it as he pleases, in defiance of the will
of Congress! The argument is almost unanswer-
I able, from its absurdity. The terms used in the
: Constitution are full and ample to express just
what it was intended to express—that Congre^fr,
and not the President, should have full and com-
plete power over the Army and Navy. What
does it lack of full and complete jurisdiction over
the whole subject ? Against the explicit, express
power granted to Congress over.the Army and
| Navy, rs opposed, first, that this power belongs to
i the President by virtue of his office; that it is an
I executive power. Where shall we, in this coun-
1 try, go to look for executive power? We admit
no divine right; we deny all prerogative; where,
then, shall we look for executive power? Shall
we go to Japan, to China, to France, or even to
England? Why not? I say you cannot go to
either, or to any foreign country whatever. Why?
Simply because there is no power in any depart-
ment of this Government wnich is not granted by
the Constitution. It is a limited Government.
They who claim a power must show it in the
Constitution. Tested by this rule, the question
is at an end. The enumerated executive powers
contain no such grant.
If it be alleged that it is a necessary and proper
power to carry out any enumerated executive
power, the language of the Constitution furnishes
a complete answer. Congress (not the Execu-
tive) is the depository of all implied powers.
Congress shall have power " to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying
into execution the foregoing powers, and all other
powers vested by this Constitution in the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or in any depart-
ment or office thereof." Therefore, admit it to be
both necessary and proper to the execution of
express executive power, it is still vested in Con-
gress. But again: it is said that the President is
commandcr-iri-chief of the Navy, and this power
is necessary to the exercise of the proper rights
of a commander-in-chief. If this be true, the pre-
cise answer which I have just given to the claim
of the Executive is an equally conclusive answer
to him in his new capacity of commander-in-chief.
The duties of a commander-in-chief of the Army
arc just such as the law may confide to him—no
more, no less. The law may confide this power
to him; when it does, he can then rightfully exer-
cise it—but not till then.
The President, as commander-in-chief, has the
same power over the militia of the States, when
called into the service of the United States, as he
has over the Army and Navy; it is given in the
same terms by the same clause of the Constitu-
tion ; yet to Congress alone is given the power
j " of organizing, arming, and disciplining" the
militia, and "governing" such part of them as
may be employed in the service of the . United
States, but reserving to the States respectively the
; " appointment of the officers." Then, though the
Constitution makes the President commander-in-
chief of the militia in actual service, as well as
of the Navy and regular Army, yet it did not
deem it safe to give him any power of appoint-
ment or removal over this main arm of the na-
tional defense. This latter power it refused even
to Congress. Therefore.it is clear that the framera
of the Constitution did not consider either the
appointing or removing power as necessary, or.
even proper, to be given to the President, as the
commander-in-chief of the Army. It wisely left
■them to be exercised by the war-making and law-
making power. The President may appoint all
officers of the General Government, not other-
wise provided for in the Constitution, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate; he can
appoint no officer whatever of himself, by virtue
of nis executive power. He can remove no officer
whatever unless authorized by law.
The advocates of this power being unable to
stand upon principle, or reasoning, resort to
authority. The action of the First Congress in
1789 is invoked. It is true, that the House of
Representativesatthat session conceded the power
to the President to remove executive officers at
pleasure, by a vote of twenty-two to twenty-nine;
but the precedent was confined, by the most emi-
nent of those who made it, to executive officers
alone. Mr. Madison, who voted with the ma-
jority, five days after, on a debate taking the
appointment of Comptroller of the Treasury out
of the principle, which, arose on his motion to
except it, said:
" Whatever, Mr. Chairman, may be my opinion with re-
spect to the tenure by which an executive officer may hold
his office according to the mean ins of the Constitution, I am
very well satisfied that a modification by the Legislature
may take place in such as partake of the judicial qualities,
and that the legislative power is sufficient to establish thi 
office on such a footing as to answer the purposes for which
it is prescribed."
And he adds, in the same debate:
" f do not say the office is cither executive or judicial i I
think it rattier distinct from both, though it partakes of each;
and therefore some modification, accommodated to these
circumstances, ought to take place. 1 would, therefore,
make theofficer responsible to every department of the Gov-
ernment."
Mr. Sedgwick, who also voted with the ma-
jority, said in the same debate, that—
u He also conceived that a majority of th« House had
