1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1247
right of any one member to object—that would
hasten things greatly. Let us do that. That
would bo doing substantial justice to the claim-
ants, and injury to 110 one.
Mr. LETCHER. Have not the committee
that right now?
Mr. HAVEN. Most clearly they have not.
If they have, I should like to know why it is that
ihe Committee of Claims have not reported to-day,
or why they do not report every Fiiday? They
cannot report without unanimous consent, until
they are regularly reached and called under the
rules. I understand that they have reported but
once this session, and that was when they hap-
pened to be reached and called in regular order;
and unless you come in and strengthen their hands
by giving- them a right to report these Court of
Claims bills every Friday, they will not—if the
gentlemen of the Committee on Public Lands re-
main in good healtii-r-havc an opportunity to
report again during the rest of the session.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman from New York whether, under
the rules of the House, Fridays and Saturdays
are not expressly and positively reserved for the
consideration of private business, and whether
he is to be understood as taking the position that
the Committee on Public Lands, or any other
standing committee, has a right to appropriate
any portion of these two days to the considera-
tion of their business ? And I desire to make
this fuilher suggestion, that, if these bills were
referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
unless Fridays and Saturdays are devoted to the
consideration of this class of business., the prob-
ability is thatlhey would not be reached on either
of these days; whereas, if referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, that committee can, on being
called, have them put upon their passage.
Mr. HAVEN. Of course, Mr. Speaker, 1
would not presume to instruct or give information
to the gentleman from Ohio, as to what the rules
of this House arc. He has been longer a mem-
ber, and is a gentleman of moie experience here
than i am in legislation; but I can inform him
and the House that, under the rules of the House,
the Committee of Claims has no right to report
on Fridays or Saturdays any more than any
other committee, unless regularly called for re-
ports. Such are not only the rules, but it has also
been the universal practice under them. 1 now
understand my friend to assent to that as being
the fact, that they can report only when called reg-
ularly in order; and, as to his other question, I tell
him it is equally true, that, as all these bills for
paying churns generally contain an appropriation
of money for that purpose, they cannot, under the
rules, be put upon their passage when reported
by the committee, but must be referred to the
Committee of the Whole and then considered;
and as that answers both his questions, it is all I
desire to say in reply to Him.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The point of my sug-
gestion was this: that these two days were ex-
pressly reserved by the rales for the consideration
of private bills.
Mr. HAVEN. Certainly they arc. But, sir,
after you have referred these bills to the Commit-
tee of Claims, unless they have the right and
opportunity to report them back to the House, I
would like to know how the House can consider
thorn? They cannot be considered by the House,
certainly, while thcyare in the drawers or pockets
of the Committee of Claims—and what is most
oppressive on private claimants is, that the Com-
mittee of Claims never could be regularly called
in this House; while some of the oilier commit-
tees of the House, having a right to be called
before them, remain in good health, and keep
awake to the business they have in hand.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to lecture
complain of any gentlemen here—they have their
own opinions and i have mine. All of us ought
to be, and I have no doubt are, actuated by a
desire to do right. I simply wish to stand before
the House and the country, as one man, at least,
who, knowing the consequences of sending the
judicial decisions and determmationsof the Court
of Claims back to the Committee of Claims as
a higher tribunal, to consider and review them—
not to read them over merely, as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ritchie] says—is will-
ing to stand up, and, at the hazard of being called
clamorous and pertinacious, to invoke justice to
the honest private claimants, more especially after
we have condemned them to this circuit of the
Court of Claims, to reach ajust conclusion upon
their demands against this Government.
I hat court is equally the guardian of the claim-
ant and of the public Treasury. It is an impartial
tribunal between them; and until I see something
in its proceedings to shake my confidence ir. its
integrity, (although I do not"hold its decisions
as conclusive upon Congress or the Government,
by any means,) 1 shall yield to them very great
respect and consideration, and shall make them
the rule of my action here.
The question which has been argued, and
in my judgment very ably argued, by my friend
from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,] and'by the gen-
tlemen from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Jones and Mr. j
Ritchie,] and also the gentleman from Georgia, j
[Mr. Warner,] I regard as an abstract question j
entirely, so far as this question of reference is j
concerned. It is, nevertheless, an interesting one 1
in and of itself, whether the power of Congress, !
under the Constitution, extends to creating a 1
court which shall be competent to pronounce a j
judgment that shall be binding and conclusive I
upon these sovereign United States, on a ques- i
tion between this Government and one of its i
citizens. ,
1 have always entertained upon that subject j
the views so very ably put forth to-day by my
friend from Pennsylvania, at my right, [Mr.
Ritchie.] It is, however, wholly unnecessary
to stop and inquire who is right upon that matter.
What 1 insist upon is, that when these claims
have been before the Court of Claims and exam-
ined—when that court has listened to the argu-
ments of counsel upon the petition of the claimant,
then to the testimony taken upon oath founally
m each case, then to the arguments of counsel
upon that testimony and the law, and has then
carefully deliberated and investigated both the
law and the facts, and has come to conclusions
thereon, and reported such conclusions to this
House, we ought at least to give such report as
much weight and consideration as we give to
the reports of the standing committees of the
House.
When any of such committees report upon a
private claim, their report is sent to the Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and placed on the Private
Calendar. I desire that the reports from the Court
of Claims shall have the same reference. But the
judgment of a majority of this House is against
me. All that I can say is, that, being a major-
ity, they must be presumed to be right in then-
decision; but that decision, m my opinion, is
wrong; and I know it will bring with it troubles,
and sufferings, and tears, and desolation, and
crushed hopes, to many of the pooler and worthy
claimants who come here, year after year, and
wait in sadness upon the action of Conaress for
an adjudication of their claims against the Gov-
ernment. I have done.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
speaks of hope deferred, and desolation, and tears,
and all that, to private claimants. Now, let me
ask him how long this court has been in session,
and how many-cases they have reported? 1
Mr. HAVEN. My fiiend has as much knowl- j
edge of that as I can have. The court has re- j
jected various claims. It has reported to us various !
bills containing several claims; and the Speaker j
has just now placed before the TJouse other bills '
containing other and vanous claims. i
I wish the gentleman and the House to under-
stand another thing. Let me ask him and the
House to £ive attention to what I stated a short j
time ago. Every claim is argued before that
court on the statements in the petition. If the ,
statements in the petition are he3d to be sufficient \
to establish the claim, (provided such statements
are conceded to be true,) then the case is put on j
another calendar, and the party-claimant has to .;
go and hunt up his witnesses and make his proofs. 1 j
It takes a great time to do that; but until that is [
accomplished the cause cannot of course be finally
heart' by the court and reported to Congress.
Under such circumstances it cannot be expected ,,
that many cases should as yet have reached a ,
stage when the court should lvport them here.
1 understand, however, the court has heard a
large number of cases argued upon the petitions,
and decided whether to order the proofs to be
taken in them or not, and by that means put them t
under way. They will come here upon a final
decision when the proofs have been taken arid
the final arguments hoard, and a conclusionarrived
at by the court. But the number of cases reported
to us as yet is no certain index to what the la-
bors of the court have been; and I yet hope the
majority will retrace its stops, and either send these
reports and bills to the Committee of the Whole
House, and place them on the Private Calendar,
or, if not, will give to the Committee of Claims
the power to report them back on the morning of
private bill day.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. Mr. Speaker, I have no
doubt that every gentleman here has at heart the
same wish that I entertain,and that is, to do jus-
tice to the private claimants of our country. 'This
question has rested with great weight on all the
leading statesmen of this Union for the last
twenty-five years. Claims have increased with
the increase of our population and the business of
the nation, until they have got to be overwhelming.
It is impossible that eveiy member of this House
can make himselfacquainted with every case which
comes up. For something like sixteen years we
have seen members attempting to devise ways and
means to facilitate the dispensation of justice to
our private claimants. There was only one way
in which it could be done. It was resisted and
resisted for years. It was resisted because it was
held to# be wrong for us to delegate power to
another body to decide questions which could only
be properly decided here. Now, that court may-
decide against claims from this up to the end of the
century, and these claimants will come here. We
cannot thrust them from our doors.
Whether the decision of the court be for or
against him, the private claimant has the right
to make an appeal to us. And I will say to the
gentleman from New York, that all the advocates
of this measure ever intended by this court was to
authorize them to investigate facts and determine
principles which lia\e been fixed for fifty years
in the settlement of other claims against the Gov-
ernment. The results of the investigation by the
court were to be referred to us for our examina-
tion and approval. With these things beforeus,
we could at once decide. It should have been
called a board, and not a court, of claims. It
was to facilitate the action of Congress on these
claims, that this court, or board of claims, or
whatever gentlemen may call it, was established.
When that court repoits to us its report should
go to the Committee of Chums, which committee
can se^ whether or not the court has followed
the precedents established by Congress for the
last fifty years. That committee reports the fact
to the House. My own opinion is, that the
House will not dwell on these claims for any
great length of time. If the court deviates from
those principles which have been established,
then that fact will be also reported.
Sofarfiom finding fault with the decision of
the House, I congratulate the House and the
country—I congratulate every private claimant in
the Union on the fact that this House has adopted
a rule of practice which will facilitate the dispens-
ation of justice. Justice will be granted to all.
This court will be in session when we are not; it
will have its sessions during the recess. A claim,
after passing through the cruciblc of the Court of
Claims, will come here, and, being looked into by
our Committee of Claims and reported back, will
at once be disposed of. Therefore I congratulate
every member who has looked into the matter
siuTicientlv to see that it was necessary to claim-
ants that this course should be pursued. 1 agree
with the majority of the House; and if on every
Friday and Saturday the Committee of Claims is
allowed to report the private bills before it, when
we leave this city there will not be a private bill
on the Calendar.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which iho bills were referred to the Committee
of Claims. I merely desire to have the motion
entered now. There is a good deal of force in
the remarks winch have been made by thegentle-
man from New York; and I make the motion
with a desire to say this to the House, that I ihmk
that the true system m reference to the disposi-
tion of these bills is to secure to the Committee
of Claims the right to report every Friday morn-
ing in accordance with the provisions of the reso-
lution submitted by the gentleman from Peunsyl*
