513
APPENDIX TQ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 8,
34th Cong....Ist Sess.
Kansas—The Territories—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
decided that nil officers concerned in *xee«ti«e business
SSSSd dSSnd of the President for their con-
tinuance in office; and with good reason, tor they were the
eyes and bones of the principal magistrate, the instruments
of execution."
Thus it appears that these two eminent states-
men, who voted with the meager majority of
seven, at the time confined their precedent to
exeeutive officers, and extended it to none others.
And even that claim was sternly resisted. It
came before the Senate the same session on an-
other bill, and the Senate rejected it. Upon a
conference between the two Houses upon it, the
Senate, upon a motion to recede from their ob-
jection to it, were equally divided, ten to ten, and
the Vice President, the elder Adams, gave the
casting vote in favor of the executive claim.
This is the slender foundation upon which this
important claim of executive supremacy stands.
The "argument was with the minority, and the
numbers were nearly equal; but whether the decis-
ion was right or wrong, it was expressly confined
to executive officers, and is not a precedent for
the Army or Navy. Since that time, the power
to remove executive officers has been generally
acquiesced in, and th'e question lost much of its
importance from the fact that there was rather a
legislative accommodation.
Congress passed laws limiting the duration of
most of the executive officers, and conceded the
power to remove at pleasure to the President.
The debate in 1835, referred to by the Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] was upon a bill
to repeal the act of 1820, which limited a great
number of executive officers, and conceding the
right of removal to the President. The Senate,
by a large majority, voted to repeal it, and the
House refused. "The result showed that a wise
power was lodged in a safe place—the hands of the
representatives of the people. It is obviously ex-
pedient and proper and wise for Congress to place
the power to remove executive officers with the
President. I would at all times vote to place it
there; and doubtless this view of the case, as the
debate shows, had much to do with the decision.
But even the power to this extent was greatly
questioned by some of the most eminent men of
the Republic, as late as 1835. Mr. Clay, Mr.
Calhoun, and Mr. Webster, all concurred in de-
nying the power, even to the extent claimed in
1789 by the House of Representatives. When,
then, such eminent statesmen, viewing the Con-
stitution from stand-points so different, concur
so thoroughly on a great constitutional point, it
fcaves but little to be desired by way of authority.
Mr. Clay, after reviewing the whole ground,
came to the decided conclusion that no power of
removal was vested in the President. "On look-
ing over the debate in 1789, Mr. Clay said he
found his opinions changed with regard to some
of ihe great men who acted conspicuous parts
there." In the same debate, Mr. Clay said:
"The gentleman from New York [Mr. Wright], had
fageirtousiy analysed the mass over which executive power
had its influence, and upon each division asked the ques-
tion, Was there any danger in that? lie (Mr. C.) perfectly
understood the nature of such appeals. They were better
suited for the stump than the Senate of the United
States. We had not yet felt the weight of executive
influence; the power of removal was still in its infancy,
scarcely six years old. It had not yet been applied to the
Army and Navy, and it could not be brought to bear on the
pensioners. *'
Mr. Clay makes the distinction which the
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] so tri-
umphantly challenges the production of. Mr.
Calnoun, m the debate of 1835, says: i
" Such are the arguments by which 1 have been forced j
to conclude that the power of dismissing is not lodged in l
the President, but is subject to be controlled and regulated !
 y Congress. I say forced, because I have been compelled
to the conclusion in spite of my previous impressions. Re- !
lying upon the early decision of the question, and the long '
acquiescence in tliat decision, I had concluded, without ;
examination, that it had not been disturbed because it rested ;
upon principles too clear and strong to admit of ddbbt.
1 remained passively under this impression, until it became
necessary, during the last session, to examine the question;
when I took up the discussion of it in 1789, with the expect-
ation of having my previous impression confirmed. The
result was different. I was struck, on reading the debate,
with the force of the arguments of those who contended
that the power was not vested by the Constitution in the
Executive. Tome they appeared to be far more statesman- j
like than the opposite arguments, and to partake much more '
of the spirit of the Constitution. After reading this debate,
I turned to the Constitution, which I read with care in ref-
erence to the subject discussed, when, for the first time, I
W*  «tcn«k With the full force of the clause which ( have
quoted, and which, in my opinion, forever settles the con-
troversy."
Mr. Webster, in the same debate, was equally
explicit in declaring his convictions against the
existence of this executive power of removal, even
of executive officers. He says:
" At the same time I am very willing to say, that after
considering the question, again and again within the last six
years, in my deliberate judgment the original decision was
wrong."
Again:
"Itappearsto me,however, after thorough, and repeated,
and conscientious examination, that an erroneous interpre-
tation was given to the Constitution, in this respect, by the
decision of the first Congress."
Mr. Webster further distinctly declares his
opinion, that " the regulation of the tenure of
office is a common exercise of legislative autho-
rity; and the power of Congress, in this particu-
lar, is not at all restrained or limited by anything
contained in the Constitution,except in regard to
! judicial officers."
i This question has never been directly decided
by the Supreme Court, but the intimation of
opinions by that tribunal has been uniformly
adverse to the existence of this power.
The legislation of Congress upon the Army and
Nayy has not been entirely consistent, but it is
wholly inconsistent with the admission of the
power of removal over the Army and Navy, as
a constitutional executive power. I have already
shown that the Constitution makes a wide dif-
ference between executive and army and navy
officers; the latter being expressly placed by that
instrument under the government and regulation
of Congress. In the exercise of this express
power Congress has passed laws for the gov-
ernment of the Navy, assuming entire jurisdic-
tion over the whole subject of removal in some
cases, and controlling the appointing power in
others. From 1789 to 1798, the Navy was under
the War Department, and governed by the same
law. On the 2d of March, 1799, an act was passed
for the better government of the Navy, giving
the power of removal to courts-martial, in all
' cases upon the approval of the commander of the
1 fleet, but without the concurrence of the Execu-
| tive. The act of the 23d April, 1800, repealing the
, last-mentioned act, annulled this power of a court-
martial to take away the commission of an officer,
unless the sentence was approved by the Presi-
> dent.
| But this approval is not confined to sentences,
, taking away commissions, but to all cases, with
very slight exceptions. This act is now in force,
and by virtue of this law any officer may be dis-
missed, if approved by the President, and not
, otherwise. Congress has also again and again
j fixed the tenure of officers; for instance, in the
I Mexican war, the additions to both the Army and
Navy were to continue only to the signing a treaty
of peace; and although their commissions were,
according to the old form, during the pleasure of
the President, they were all dismissed by law
upon the happening of a particular event. Con-
gress has also directed the President again and
again whom he shall appoint, and no others, to
Particular offices in the Army and Navy created
y law. The very act now complained of exer-
cises that power, and directed the President to fill
all vacancies which might be created under the
act, by seniority, and not otherwise. Until 1817
the marine officers were appointed solely by the
President; and the laws of Congress have repeat-
j edly authorized him to make appointments of
! field and other officers, in both services, without
! the advice and consent of the Senate.
*The act of 1834 reorganizes and increases the
officers of the marine corps, and expressly controls
the power of appointment, by directing it shall
be done by seniority. And after the reduction of
the marine corps under the act of 1847, a partial
history of which is given by the committee, the
officers dropped under it were restored by late. \
That is, the President was authorized to nominate !
the dropped officers, and no others, to fill their j
own vacancies. AH this legislation is of the same
character; it is the exercise of primary legislative \
power over the whole subject, both of appoint- '
ments and removals from the Army and Navy,
practiced and acted upon from the beginning of
the Government until now, and in strict conformity ;
to the Constitution. There are several other acts
of the same character precisely, but which I will
not take up the time of the Senate by reading.
From all these facts, I hold it to be established by
the words of the Constitution, by principle and
authority, that the President has no power to
remove an officer of the Army or Navy for any
cause whatever. I admit, there have been occa-
sional exercises of this power to remove Navy
officers by the President; but there is no instance
that it was ever claimed or exercised in antagon-
ism to the law-making power, or that it ever was
decided or affirmed by any other Department of
the Government.
Therefore, such cases are proofs of abuse of
power, and not of the exercise of rightful author-
ity. No fair argument can be drawn from the
form of the commission. From time to time the
attention of Congress has been called to the fram-
ing of commissions; but there has been no law on
the subject. They are simply issued at the in-
stance of the Department, and the old form of the
Continental Congress has been copied. The form
of the commission, however, cannot affect the
tenure of office, especially when that form has no
warrant of law upon which to stand. That is a
point which I need not argue
Mr. President and Senators, I Rave endeavored
to review this question fully, and, I trust, fairly.
I have not restrained my indignation at a pro-
ceeding which I so utterly abhor; I have only
labored to be just—just to the board—just to the
country—just to the victims of this perfidious
mockery of law. I think I have established the
propositions, that injustice has be,en done; that
this law has been violated; and that the wrongs
ought to be redressed. I have endeavored to
show that this may be done safelv, honorably,
and constitutionally, without injury to the service
or the country. If these wrongs were inflicted
by the board they ought to be redressed; if by
the law, they equally call for redress. If you err
with me—if I promise to deal too gently with the
failings of these gallant defenders of the national
flag, remember that these victims are not saints,
but sailors; remember that their arduous pro-
fession is fuller of dangers than of motives and
inducements to self-denial; remember their past
services—their illustrious services in times when
national safety and national honor trembled in the
j balance into which they cast their valor and their
j lives. But, above all, remember that the best
i security you can throw around your institutions
is to animate the hearts of its future defenders
j with the proud consciousness that here, deposited
with the representatives of sovereigns, is a power
omnipotent and ever willing to shield and protect
those ^fho are true to themselves and to the
Republic
i KANSAS—THE TERRITORIES.
SPEECH OF HON. LEWIS CASS,
OF MICHIGAN,
In the Senate, May 12 and 13, 1856.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having under
; consideration the bill to authorize the people of the Terri-
tory of Kansas to form a constitution and State government,
preparatory to their admission into the Union, when they
have the requisite population,
Mr. CASS said:
Mr. President: The bill under discussion, re-
| lating to Kansas, presents itself in a double aspect
to the consideration of Congress. It involves,
not only the present condition of that Territory,
and the measures proper to be taken with refer-
ence, to it, but it involves also the general prin-
ciples connected with the Territories of the United
States, and the extent, as well of their rights, as
of the constitutional power of Congress over them.
I propose to submit to the Senate some remarks
upon both these topics, but principally upon the
\ latter—not only on account of the importance of
1 the subject, but also on account of the many and
discordant views, and the elaborate discussions,
to which it has given rise in this body, and in the
coordinate branch of the National Legislature.
I shall commence with the relations between the
. United States and their Territories, but shall en-
! deavor first to redeem from obloquy a cherished
