2122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 14,
only thing which will protect the mail contract-
ors.
Mr. TODD. I wish to ask the gentleman from
Indiana whether this bill contains any limitation
upon the number of stations and their distances
apart ?
Mr. MACE. One every twenty miles.
Mr. TODD. I want to propose an amendment,
to the effect that the preemption right shall be
limited to five acres, that being sufficient for their
accommodation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentlemen will not insist upon that amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
that that section extends the benefit of the law,
granting this preemption right to all contractors,
as well through the settled as thro igh the unset-
tled parts of Minnesota, whether they carry the
mails once, twice, or three times a week, or daily,
or once a month—and gives them the right to pre-
empt every twenty miles, whether they carry a
large or a small mail. If they only get a few
dollars for carrying a small mall, they still have
the right to preempt every twenty miles along the
route, through settlements and through other
parts of their routes. It certainly is a new and
strange feature to bring into a bill of this charac-
ter. You might as well extend it to every mail
contractor in every Territory and every State
where you have public lands.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Will the gentleman
from Tennessee give me his reason why this
preemption should not be granted? How can the
Government be prejudiced in any way in permit-
ting these mail contractors to go through its un-
settled territory, and make their improvements,
afterwards buying their land of the Government
at the minimum price '
Mr. JONES. My objection is, that it is an
exclusive privilege, which is not calculated or
intended, in my opinion, to benefit and promote
the public service.
I aUc again, in answer to the gentleman's ques-
tion, what objection would he have to wiiriiig to
any citizen and every citizen the right to pre-
empt tvventy-five, or thirty, or one hundred quar-
ter sections of land, in diilerent parts of the coun-
try ?
'Mr. WASHBURNE. The same principle con-
tained in this auction already exists west of the
Mississippi.
Mr. JOIN ICS. But that is through the plains
and unsettled eounfiy.
Mr. WASHIJURNE. If is as much unsettled
on many of the routes through Minnesota.
Mr. MAC!1;. I ask that the Clerk will read the
law upon winch the section is rounded.
The law was read, and js as follows:
" Provulcd} That tin; Postmaster General, with the as-
pent of (In- eoniraeiots, he, and i* hereby, authon/.rd to
annul said contract. And that <wh eonti.irtoi or
to Iw engaged, ni carrying the inaih throuuh anv oI the Ter-
ritories west of the Mississippi, s-hnl! have the puvile e of
occupying MtUioni at the rate of not moie than one lbr
every twenty mih"5 of tin: loute on which I us carries a mad,
and fi),Ul have a pteemptive light theieui, when the *ame
Mialt he biought into in.uket, to the extent of m.\ bundled
and forty aeie-., to be taken contiguously, to include Ins im-
provements; hut no such preemptive right shall extend to
any past, in a mountain or oilier delilc."
Mr. MACE. That law authorizes the con-
tractors west of the Mississippi to preempt six
hundred and forty acres. The provisions of the
bill under consideration authorize the same class
of men in the other Territoi ies therein referred to,
to preempt, not six hundred and forty acres, but
only one hundred and sixty acres. Under it, the
contractor, before he gets a title, pays to the Gov-
ernment the same sum of money that the man does
who makes an entry under existing law*. I call
the previous question.
Mr. OTERO. 1 ask the gentleman to with-
draw his demand for the previous question, as I
desire to oiler an amendment.
Mr. MACE. I will hear the amendment read.
Mr. .TOMES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Indiana says that no one of these individ- !>
uals can acquire the right or title to the land un- jj
der the provisions of this bill, until he shall have p
paid the Government the same price that other ;■
individuals pay for land of the -Government. I
ask the gentleman if tins bill will not take the
land so preempted out of the general rule or pro-
vision of law, which subjects the land, after sur-
vey, to public sale?
Mr. MACE. Undoubtedly.
Mr. JONES. And such land might sell at
public sale for ten dollars per acre.
The amendment of Mr. Otero was read for
information, as follows:
And be it further enacted. That the Postmaster General
hs, and hereby i*, authorized and directed to cause the
mads upon the route from Independence Missouri, and Pan
Antonio, Texas, to Santa F6, to be cairied amn monthly
on each, so that, by means of the two routes aforesaid, there
shnll be a weekly mail between the States and the Territory
ufNew Mexico: Prodded, That the present contractors on
said roufes shall have the privilege of carrying the mails as
herein provided, at a pro rata increase of compensation.
Mr. MACE. I am opposed to that amend-
ment, and insist upon the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. STANTON. I move to lay the bill on the
talkie.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Jones to strike out the second section of the
bill.
Mr. KUNKEL called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MACE. The simple question is, whether
it is right and proper that mail contractors west
of the Mississippi, including Kansas and Nebras-
ka and New Mexico, shall be entitled to the pre-
emption of six hundred and forty acres of land,
and the mail contractors in Minnesota, east of that
river, shall not be entitled to one hundred and
sixty aeios? That is the whole question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 would ask the
gentleman from Indiana whether, if the present
contractors, after making their preemptions,
should lose their contract, they would have to sur-
render their stations and preemptions; or whether
future contractors would be entitled to the same
privileges of making stations and preemptions? I
would also ask him, why this provision is con-
fined to Minnesota15
Mr. MACE. To the Territories cast of the
Mississippi.
Mr. JONES. Well, east of the Mississippi,
and not to any other Territory? Why not extend
it to all of them ?
Mr. MACE. That is what I am endeavoring
to do. In answer to the first question propound-
ed by the gentleman from Tennessee, I have this
to say, that where a contract is taken, and these
stations are established with a view of making a
preemption, when that contract terminates, the
preemption ri^ht, as a matter of course, ceases.
Mr. JONES. And the contractor abandons the
preemption ?
Mi. MACE. He abandons the preemption
when the contract ceases.
Mr. JONES. Suppose some one else takes the
contract for carrying the mails, does the ex-con-
tractor have to abandon his improvements?
Mr. MACE. I do not know what is operating
on the mind of the gentleman from Tennessee,
considering his past course on the different laws
enacted on this subject. I do not know why he
opposes this bill, after having advocated here so
strenuously, and insisted upon those preemption
rights m the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska,
and making it there six hundred and forty acres.
1 remember well the remarks he made on the bill
read. I cannot imagine why it is now that, in
the country east of the Mississippi, in the Terri-
tories of the United States, he objects so strenu-
ously to contractors having preemption rights of
j no more than one hundred and sixty acres, m lieu
! of six hundred and forty acres.
| Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman what pre-
! emption bill it was that he refers to my advocacy
! oP
; Mr. MACE. The law the provision of which
has been just read from the Clerk's desk.
Mr. J ONES. In reference to New Mexico and
Utah ? *
Mr. MACE. Yes; and in rcfcrcnce to Kansas
and Nebraska.
Mr. JONES. I, sir, made no sort of zealous
advocacy of that bill. I believe I voted for it. I
thought then that it was right, and I have no
objection to it at this time; but I have objection
to this bill. j
The question was taken; and it was decided in |
the ailirnmtivu—yeas 87, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS —Mc.-srs. Albright. Allwm, Barbour, Hemlley S.
Dennett, Bliss, Brad>haw, Cadivalader, James H. Camp-
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers, Clinsman,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Cumback, Henry
Winter Davis, Denver, Dick, Dodd, Dowdell, Edwards,
Elliott, Emne, Etheridare, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Fos-
ter, Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Gilbert, Goode, Gieen-
wood, Giow, Robeit B Hall, Marian, J. Moiuson Harris,
Haven, Hickman, I-IofTman, Houston, George W. Jones,
Kelly, Kulvvell, King, Kmsht, Kunkcl, Lake, Leiter,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Matte^on, McQueen. KUJsan Miller,
Moigan, Morrill, Murray, Parker, Pekon, Pennington,
Periy, Pike, Powell, Pringle, Purvnnce, Puryeai, Ready,
Ricaud, Ritchie, Ruffin, Ru-t,Sa djds- , Sapp, Samuel A.
Smith, Sneed, Stanton, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Todd,
Trafton, Wade, Israel Washburn, Watson, Wlntnev, and
Williams—87. ' J'
NAYS —Messrs Barclay, Henry Bennett, Billinghurst,
Bowie, Branch, Broom, Buffinton, Burnett, John P. Camp-
bell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Claik, Coimns, Cullen,
DamreJI,Timothy Davis, Dean, Dickson, Duitee, Eucli^i,
Flagler, Granger, Thomas L. Hams, Ilanisoti, ITollovvay,
Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Honon, Howard, Flujjh-
«ron, Kelsev, Kenneit, Knapp, Ivnowlton. Krox, Mace,
Humphrey Mar.-hal!, McCarty, MeMuliin, Smith Miller,
MilKvaid, Mott, Noiton, Orr, Peaice, Peck, Pcttit, Porter,
Quitman, Rivera, Robert4", Sco't, Pheiman, Shorter, Sim-
mons William Smith, Spinner, Svvope, Tappan. Tiiotmg-
ton, Thui^ton, Tnppe,Underwood, Vail, Valk, Wakeman,
Walbudge, Waldron, CadwaSader C. Wa.-libtini'1, Eihhu B.
Washhuine, Welch, Wells, Wood, Woodruff, Woodvvorth,
and Zolhcoffer—75.
So the second section was stricken out of the
bilh
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the thiid time, and passed.
Mr. LEITER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which lat-
ter motion was agreed to. f
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed a bill to create two ad-
ditional land districts in the State of California;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House (No. 325) for the relief of Isaac Adams.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. QUITMAN. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report back from the Com-
mittee on Military Affaiis Senate bill No. 397 ex-
planatory of so much of an act passed August
5, 1854. making appropriations for the service of
the Army for the year ending 30th June, 1855,
as refers to the payment of expenses incurred
by the State of California in the suppression of
Indian hostilities in said State. I ask that it may
be considered at this time.
Mr. ORR. I shall not object to the bill being
reported, if the previous question benotdomand-
ed on its passage, so as to shut off discussion.
Mr. EDIE. I object.
Mr. QUITMAN. I move to suspend the rules;
and I ask the consent of the House to make a
statement in reference to this bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order at
this time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want to inquire
whether this is not a bill authorizing the payment
of this appropriation to the bondholders of Cal-
ifornia, instead of paying the money into the
treasury of California?
Mr. QUITMAN. I will answer that question
by stating, that the State of California has ap-
pointed commissioners to receive this monev
lie re.
Mr. ORR. I think differently about the bill
from my friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman.]
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
War to pay to the holders of the war bonds of
California the amount of money appropriated
by the act of Congiess of 5th August, 3854, in
payment of expenses incurred and actually paid
by the State of California, in the suppression of
' Indian hostilities in said State, prior to the 1st
I of January, 1854, to wit: the sum of $924,259 65,
under certain restrictions.
i Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, called for tellers on
j the motion to suspend the rules.
: Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jones, of
j Tennessee, and Todd were appointed.
i The question was taken;and the tellers reported
j —ayes 96, noes 2G.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended, and the bill reported
| for consideration.
j Mr, QUiTMAN. I shall ask the indulgence
I of the House for a few moments only, in the
explanation which I propose to make of this bill.
