mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16.
vania. If the gentleman's resolution shall not
prevail, on Monday, then I shall insist upon my
motion to reconsider the vote which has just been
taken. If, jiowever, the resolution shall prevail,
I think the Committee of Claims will thereby be
enabled to dispose of all this business in a more
satisfactory way than if the bills were referred to
the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will be entered.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise for the purpose of
expressing my desire that the action of the House
shall be such as the gentleman from Ohio who
has just expressed his views indicated; that is,
that on Monday my colleague shall offer his reso-
lution providing, that, on Friday of each week
reports from the^ Committee of Claims shall be in
order.
Now, sir, I voted against the proposition of
the gentleman from New York to refer this re-
port to the Committee of the Whole, because J
desired that the bills should have an investiga-
tion by tlie committee, and I believed they could
be reported to the House and action had upon
them more speedily in that way than in any other.
But had I supposed that thei*e would have been
objections made to the proposition of my colleague
that it should be in order for the Committee of
Claims toreporteach Friday, I should have voted
differently. I then should have felt myg$lf com-
pelled to vote for the proposition of the gentleman
from New York. Now, theie ate a great many
cases ready for the action of the House. They
have had the attention of the Court of Claims;
reports of the bills are made; and if we are to ho
prevented from having action upon them by the
objection of any one gentleman to the committee's
reporting, you will deny to those who have been
here for months that justice to which they arc
entitled.
Now, sir, I hope that my colleague will have
his proposition ready on Monday, and that the
House will be prepared to adopt it, >so that we
shall have an ^opportunity of acting upon these
claims, from week to week, as they are presented
to the House by the committer.
Mr. LETCHER. When thu Court of Claims
was established, I voted for it reluctantly, and I
did not determine to cast my \ote in favor of it
until the friends of the proposition avowed upon
this floor that the action of the court was not
intended to be final and obligatory upon the two
Houses of Congress.
Mr. "WALKER. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia if such avowals were made upon the
floor of this House >
Mr. LETCHER. T think so.
Mr. WALKER. Not a word of them.
Mr. LETCHER. I have not examined the
debates; but J think the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will recollect that assurances of that
kind were made over and over again by himself,
and perhaps others, who favored the passage of
the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. When that bill
was brought into the House it was near the close
of the session. It was necessary to have a two-
thirds vote to take it up. There was considerable
opposition, when I rose and stated that 1 did
not intend to make a speech, but to call the pre-
vious question. When I saw that there was a
running conversation all around me, I did not go
into a statement of facts; but I spoke,just in the
tone that I now speak, and in the hearing of every
one around me, used precisely the language of
the gentleman from Virginia, and stated the facts
he has alluded to; but I believe they were not re-
ported. In addition, I would state that it was
necessary to resort to that statement in order to
get the bill before the House at all. In commit-
tee, and in private conversation all around this
HaM, it wjs repeatedly stated, and distinctly un-
derstood, that this bill never could have passed
this House, except with that understanding, freely
declared, and well understood.
Mr. LETCHER. That certainly was my un-
derstanding, and was one of the reasons which
induced me to vote for it, for the purpose of givino-
it a trial. But, if the views avowed to-day are
to be carried out, I would vote now, or at any
oilier time, if the opportunity were afforded me,
to abolish this Court of Claims and put an end to
it. What is the doctrine which has been avowed
to-day by tha gentleman from Georgia, [Mr
Warner;]—and I am rather inclined to think that
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Walker] takes
the same ground? That, wherever the Court of
Claims, after an examination, pronounces a judg-
ment in favor of the claimant, that judgment is
to be regarded as conclusive and binding upon
this House; and all we have to do is then to enter
up that judgment and appropriate the money
requisite to discharge the claim.
Now, sir, it seems to mc that the converse
of that rule ought to be the true rule; that if, as
has been said by the gentleman from Ohio, we
are the parties who are to decide whether the
money is to be appropriated or not, we have no
right to delegate that power. I say that a further
examination is demanded of us before we make
the appropriation; and, when the Court of Claims
arrives at a result and reports it to us, our duty
is to examine into the matter and see whether we
concur in the principles upon which it is pred-
icated, before we appropriate money for the dis-
charge of it.
But gentlemen say that in cases of that sort we
are concluded, and that we have no right to look
into it; yet they say that if this court reject the
claim, the party has a right to come back,and,
by petition, to institute new proceedings—to begin
ile novo, although the claim was reported against
by the court. Now, I say, if the doctrine is tobe
established that, when a case is reported favor-
ably upon by the court, we are to be bound there-
by, the House is under no obligation to consider
a petition the second time when it has been once
acted upon and rejected by the court unless that
petition is sustained by new and additional proof
which was not before the court at the time their
decision was pronounced.
If, in the case of an adverse report from the
court, a party comes back here and desires to have
the judgment reconsidered, let a thorough exam-
ination be made into the matter by the Commit-
tee of Claims first.
Mr. GfDDlNGS. You have no right.
Mr. LETCHER. So 1 maintain. But what
I say is the very exorcise of that power on our
part, the wry duty which rests upon us not to
icfuse that application of the party, devolves upon
us at the same time the duty of examining the
action of the conn, and seeing whether the action
of the court is in conformity with our ideas of
right, before we undertake to appropriate the
money.
Mr. IIAVEN. The law now provides that the
bills shall be placed upon the Calendar.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well. I understand
all that; and I will come to that, point in refer-
ence to the considerations and views of the gen-
tleman from New York. Now, since he has
suggested that he supposes that these reports from
the Court of Claims shall be placed upon the
Calendar here, who is going to examine these re-
ports p Is it not equivalent to an agreement to
pans the chums, if you are to place them there?
Is it not equivalent to taking the action of the
court as final ? If all you are to do is to appro-
priate money, why not do it at once? Why any
delay ?
You cannot get a case examined here, unless
it be examined by the committee to which it is
referred. How many members of the House
undertake to go to the Calendar for the purpose
of taking up claims and examining them? How
many? If the views of my friend from New
Yoi k are to prevail in regaid to these cases, there
would be no examination at all. Cut what does
he say? He says that this is postponing these
private claims; that it is denying justice to the
claimants; that it is delaying their rights here.
Another gentleman over the way says that, if
the House will go into the consideration of these
matters, there are a multitude of the bills now
upon the table, which may be readily disposed
of. Allow me to say to these gentlemen that, if
the House were nut so very much employed in
squandeiing away the public lands, in fishing up
bills here for the "improvement of the rivers and
harbors, and other matters of that sort, there
would be a better chance to give private claims
some sort of consideration. These great matters
occupy the time and attention of this House to the
exclusion of private bills. They are matters of far
greater magnitude and importance. They cover
a much larger surface. They reach the hearts and
feelings of a much larger number of people. Let
us stop some of these large matters. Let us give
consideration to some of these private claims,
and see if we cannot dispose of them.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Let us go into the
Kansas matters and negro discussions, and get
them out of the road.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope, therefore, sir, that
the decision of the House which has been already
made in this matter will stand as its judgment,
and that these bills will be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and be reported on as other
claims by that committee.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I call for the previ-
ous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw that motion for a few moments,
that I may make a suggestion. I propose to move
a postponement, till Monday, at two o'clock, of
the motion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Haven,] so that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Ritchie] may have an opportunity,
on Monday, of trying the strength of his resolu-
tion to give the Committee of Claims the power
to report on Friday .
Mr. ED1E. Will the gentleman from Ohio
move to make it a special order?
Mr. CAMPBELL. It will be in order, if post-
poned.
Mr. BILUNG-HURST. 1 withdraw the call,
if the gentleman from Ohio will renew it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will. I move to post-
pone the further consideration of the motion of
the gentleman from New York till Monday, at
two o'clock.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I merely wish
to remark to the gentleman from Ohio, that when
my colleague submitted hisproposition I accepted
it, and believed that it settled the whole question;
that the committee would simply report each
class of cases; that, as a matter of course, the re-
poits would then be printed and placed upon the
Private Calendar, and that that would satisfy all
parties; I therefore accepted it. If the gentle-
man thinks wo can pass the proposition without
further debate, I have no objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If there be no objection,
then, to the passage of the resolution, of course
it is not necessary for me to make the motion to
postpone.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Ritchie] asks leave to amend the
motion to commit, by adding to it the resolutions
that have been read from the Clerk's desk.
Mr. MACE. I would suggest that there is no
provision in them against putting private bills
upon their passage when reported.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. As I under-
stand, they are not to be put upon their passage.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well, then, let it be
amended in that way.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL, o-f Ohio. If the gentleman
from Alabama persists in his objection 
Mr. COBB. If it be agreed that the bills be
placed upon the Calendar and not put upon their
passage, I shall have no objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope that no objection
will come from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COBB. Nor any member thereof.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Norany member thereof.
Mr. COBB. That does not embrace me.
Mr. LETCHER. I would make the remark
that, by the rules of the House, bills making ap-
propriations must go to the Committee of the
Whole, any way.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I appeal to the gentleman
from Alabama to withdraw his objection.
Mr. COBB. I cannot resist. 1 yield.
TheSPEAKER. The Chairunderstands there
is no objection to the introduction of the resolution.
Mr. BENSON. I wish to make a single sug-
gestion which, it seems to me, will meet with the
general approbation of the House. We have
had, in this debate, allusions made to the misfor-
tunes of private claimants. I ask—if we are to
pass this resolution now under consideration—
why not embrace in the same resolution an
authority to the standing committees to report on
the same day private bills, and have them placed
upon the Private Calendar—not to be debated, not
to have them put upon their passage—but simply
to have them placed on the Calendar that they
may be reached in proper time?
In this connection, allow me to state a single
