52£
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
• On motion by Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine,
it was
Ordered, That leave be given to withdraw from the files
of the House the papers In the case of Ephtaim Hunt, for
the purpose of sending them to the Senate.
KANSAS LEGISLATION.
Mr. DUNN. I wish to make a motion to re-
consider an order of the House. A fe\V- minutes
ago there was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union a bill reported
from the Committee on Territories, annulling, or
providing for the annulling, of certain territorial
laws, as they are called. I call the attention of
the chairman of that committee to the fact that
His bill overleaps a primary and very important
question.
Mr. BENSON, (interrupting.) I would inquire
whether the morning hour has not expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has expired sixteen min-
utes ago.
Mr. DUNN. Then I desire my motion to
reconsider the vote referring the bill indicated
to be entered, if I am not now allowed to dispose
of the subject.
Mr. GftOW. I hope the gentleman from
- Indiana will allow me to state that the Committee
on Territories have his bill under consideration,
which contains the various subjects now under
examination by that committee, and they will
be ready to dispose of it probably at their next
meeting.
Mr. DUNN. I think the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania misunderstands me. The bill he proposes
to report will not remove the present diificulty.
1 wish to state a simple fact, further: that is, the
gentleman will, on examination, probably find that
the bill he has introduced this morning is a virtual
recognition by lus committee of the validity of
the Kansas Legislature; and yet we are asked in
other quarters to repudiate that Legislature alto-
gether. I fim unwilling to make any such con-
cession as this bill involves upon that point, until
the difficulties which I suggested some days ago
are settled. I do not choose to be involved m
the absurdity of repudiating that Legislature for
one purpose, and recognizing it for another. It
was either a competetuLegislature to make laws,
or it wfifoknot. trom the examination then and
since miule, of matters already before us in a
legitimate way, my mmd inclines strongly to the
conclusion that by its own acts, if riot those of
Goveinoi Ileeder, its functions were destroyed
before any of these acts were passed. It will be
seen, I think, on examination of the act organ-
izing the territorial government itself, if gentle-
men will take the trouble to investigate the subject,
that the removal from the place designated by
law for the holding of that Legislative Assembly
to another place unknown to the law, was an end
of all legislative power in the Territory. If gentle-
men will take the trouble to examine that point,
thuy will wait at least until wo have some further
explanation on the subject before bills are re-
ported -here virtually recognizing' the validity of
that Legislature. To avoid, therefore, all awkward
and embarrassing positions, 1 hope the motion
referring the bill to the Committer of the Whole
on the state of the Union will be reconsidered,
and that the bill may go back to the Committee
on the Territories, or to the Judiciary, to settle
the question, first, whether these acts emanate
from a body competent to pass laws.
THE NATIONAL DEFENSES.
Mr. ORR. Has the morning hour exoired?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. ORR. Then I move that the House do now
proceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules of the House be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the_ Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union, with a view to
take up the annual message; and I will state that,
on to-morrow, 1 will make a motion to go into
committee to take up the deficiency bill, in order
that it may be acted upon promptly, and sent to
the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Ohio will give way for one mor
ment, that the House may proceed to the business
on the Speaker's table. I desire to have a bill
taken up and referred.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio withdraw his motion ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not.
Mr. ORR. I do not understand from the gen-
tleman from Ohio what particular matter he pro-
poses to call up in the committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The annual message to-
day, and the deficiency bill to-morrow.
Mr. ORR. Does the gentleman propose to
distribute the message to-day ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. JPerhaps so. I intend to
offer the usual resolution.
Mr. ORR. I was in hopes, Mr. Speaker, that
the gentleman would have allowed the matter
which was before the House yesterday to have
been disposed of before he would have made the
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. The gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Quitman] obtained the floor
yesterday, and desires to be heard this morning.
Representing the Committee on Military Affairs,
I think it is a courtesy which is due to him. I
hope, therefore, that the gentleman from Ohio
will waive his motion, at least until this other
question is disposed of.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi desire particularly to be heard this
morning ?
Mr. QUITMAN. I desire to speak as to the
reference of the message.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then, Mr. Speaker, as it
probably is due to the gentleman from Mississippi
that he should be heard on that proposition, I
will withdraw my motion; but I hope the House
will at some very early period go into committee,
so that we may proceed with the regular business.
The SPEAKER announced the pending ques-
tion to be upon Mr. (Whitman's motion to refer
the message of the President received yesterday
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. QUITMAN. If I understand the present
condition of the question, it now stands upon the
motion of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. H.
Marshall,] to refer the message with the accom-
panying documents to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. That I believe is a
motion which takes precedence of the motion to
refer to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not yesterday
understand the gentleman from Kentucky to make
the motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. He, however, under-
stands that the motion is entered on the Journal,
and will consider it as having been made.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I made the suggestion,
which I supposed amounted to a motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will consider the
motion as having been made, and as the motion
immediately before the House.
Mr. QUITMAN. I have but little to say on
this subject, for I believe that the House is already
prepared to come to a favorable determination of
the matter, and will therefore briefly present the
points to which I desired to direct the attention
of members.
I did not make the motion to refer this mes-
sage to the Committee on Military Affairs forany
reason personal to myself as a member of that
committee; but because I believed, and how think
a majority of the House will concur with me, that
it is the proper and appropriate committee to take
charge of the subject. For the purpose of draw-
ing the attention of the House to the points in
issue, I will read the President's message, which,
with the accompanying letter of the Secretary of
War, it is proposed to refer; it is in these words:
To the Home of Representatives :
I herewith tian^mit, and tecommend to the favorable eon-
Fidei.Uion of Conqier-.-. a communication from the Secretin y
of War. asking a cp-n-ial appiepilation of $3,000,090 to pie-
pale aunamcnts and ammunition Jor the fornication-?, to
increase the supply of unproved Mnall-arms and to apply
recent mipiovoments to arms of old puterus belonging to
the United States and the several Slates.
FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, February 20, 18>G.
Here an appropriation is asked for three pur-
poses, each and every one of which, no member
of this House will deny, relates to subjects the
consideration of which belongs most appropri-
ately to the Committee on Military Affairs. The
subjects which gave rise to this message come
from the War Department. The Secretary, m the
discharge of his supervisory duties, has thought
fit to report to the President that, although the
country is in the ordinary state of preparation for
its defense, with the usual supply of arms and
munitions of war in our armories and arsenals,
yet that the policy heretofore adopted in the prep-
aration of arms and munitions is found too grad-
ual and slow to keep pace with the recent im-
provements which have been made in arms and
the kind of ammunition required in their use; and
therefore, to secure an additional degree of effi-
ciency, he recommends some more vigorous and
active measures than the gradual and slow move-
ments towards these objects which the existing
force in our armories, and the means heretofore
employed, will permit. In this he has done what
it was his duty to do—what might, even with pro-
priety, have been done heretofore, even in pro-
found peace and without anticipation of war.
Everyman in this House knows that m our day,
with the rapid improvement that is going on in
the making of fire-arms, and the adaptation of
ammunition and loading process to these new in-
ventions, some more than ordinary movement is
necessary to keep pace with them in our military
preparations.
We may learn a lesson from Europe on this
subject. The nations at war there, notwithstand-
ing their old military prejudices, are not slow to
avail themselves of these improvements, though
they may be American inventions. They are
compelled to abandon the old prejudice against
that peculiar American weapon—the rifle. The
old-style muskethas to a gieat extent been thrown
aside, and the improved rifle, or grooved gun,
long known to our hunters, has been adopted
as the most efficient weapon of warfare. Our
people have not only excelled all others in its use,
but the inventive genius of Americans has car-
ried it to its greatest state of improvement.
By transmitting and recommending the sugges-
tions of the Secretary of War, the President in-
forms us that the estimates heretofore made did
not cover the expenditures necessaiy for this
accelerated preparation now recommended; and,
therefore, if Congress shall concur in the sugges-
tions of the Secretary, he desires the necessary
appropriation to carry out these changes and
improvements. The amount required may ap-
pear large; but it should be remembered that,
with even a slight change in the arm, an entire
new supply, not only of ammunition adapted to
it, but accouterments for its use, will be required.
I give no opinion as to that. It will be time
enough when wc shall conclude thai the sugges-
tion be adopted.
The suggestions of the Secretary of War, then,
arc, in substance, that a more active policy than
that heretofore acted on be adopted in bringing
into use the recent improvements made in fire-
arms and munitions of war; that the force of
artisans now employed in their manufacture be
increased; and that a full supply of armaments
forfortifications, ammunition, accouterments, and
military supplies adapted to their use be provided.
These are all proper subjects of inquiry for the
Committee on Military Affairs. It strikes me
i that these suggestions are, at all times, proper for
the consideration of Congress. Because we are
at peace, should we not improve our military ser-
vice ? Does the message recommending these
suggestions necessarily imply that the Executive
anticipated a state of war? Yet the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Ii. Marshall,] on yester-
day, undertook to pronounce this a war message.
He seemed to think that it boded impending war
with England. Now, it seenis to me that he is
unnecessarily alarmed at a recommendation that
wc should more rapidly than heretofore avail
ourselves of the improvements in the art of war,
especially when these inventions have originated
in the genius of our own people. Is it a cause of
alarm that we should endeavor not to be behind
other nations in applying to our military service
inventions which nave sprung from American in-
tellect ? Sir, I see in this message, or the accom-
panying letter of the Secretary of War, no allusion
to our relations with other Powers. Neither of
these documents breathe a hint that such a state
of things is likely to occur. Yet the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky pronounces it a war
message, and therefore desires to send it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
I know no more of the sentiments of the Ad-
ministration on this subject than may be collected
from the public sources which ore accessible to
the gentleman from Kentucky; but, in my opin-
