514
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 12,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—The Territories—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
Legislature of Virginia, in their memorable reso-
lutions of 1799, as the result of this indefensible
latitude of construction: " That it would have
the inadmissible effect of rendering nugatory or
improper every part of the Constitution."
And, in this connection, I may ask, what has
the relation of husband and wife, or of parent and
child, or of master and servant, to do with the
property of the Genpral Government ? or how does
that Government acquire any jurisdiction over
these conditions of society, under the pretense
that it is needful for the management of their
property ? And I may ask as much respecting a
note of hand, or any of the infinite variety of the
concerns of life, for the protection of which gov-
ernments are instituted. Can construction be
further construed ?
I desire to know, if this clause is the founda-
tion of the authority exercised by Congress oyer
the Territories, ho w it happens, that this authority
has been exercised over thousands of square miles
in the various Territories, not one foot of which
was ever the " territory"—meaning the property
—of the United States—as in the State of Ohio,
when a part of the Northwestern Territory ,%\er
a superficial extent equal to one fourth part of the
State, being the Connecticut western reserve, ex-
tending one hundred and twenty miles east and
west, and the Virginia military reservation, em-
bracing the whole country between the Sciota and
the Little Miami rivers, both of which districts
of country were reserved by those States respect-
ively, when they made their cessions, and never
belonged, not the smallest portion of them, to the
United States; and in the State of Tennessee,
when the Southwestern Territory, over more than
seven eighths of its area, disposed of by the State
of North Carolina, before its act of cession, and
never conveyed to the United States; and over
vast regions in Florida, Louisiana, Arkansas,
Missouri, and almostevery otherTerritory, where
rights to land had been acquired by individuals
before the cession of the country, and were held
independent of the United States. As in these
cases there was no''territory," or land, to dis-
pose of or regulate, there was nothing on which
the constitutional provision could operate. And
the inquiry is equally pertinent as to the contin-
uance of this power, after the public land is dis-
posed of—how it carried with.it legislative author-
ity over the extensive districts—sold to the Ohio
Company, and to John C. Symmes, in that part
of the Northwestern Territory, now the State of
Ohio, before the General Government went into
operation; and how it happens that, when a tract
is sold, and thus ceases to make a part of the
public domain, the power of Government over it
does not cease, if that power is derived from the
constitutional authority to regulate, not private,
but public property? In such a case, the power
passes with the object; and this clause is just as
applicable to private property in the State of New
York as to private property in a political Terri-
tory.
I have heretofore shown, upon this floor, that
there were twelve principles or provisions of the
Constitution, from which this uncontrolled power
of congressional legislation over the people of the
Territories, is deduced. I have no purpose to
reexamine them upon this occasion, and shall do
little more fhan enumerate them, adding three
auxiliary powers since discovered; and I do so
merely to call attention to this multitude of de-
rivative clauses, each with its advocates, as a sig-
nificant fact, furnishing a powerful presumption
against the existence of a despotic authority—a
foundling wandering about the Constitution in
search of its true parentage.
These assumed provisions and principles, for
there are both, are as follows>
1* The land-regulating and selling power, to
which 1 have already referred.
2. The war and treaty-making power.
3. The right to admit new States.
4. The implication clause of the Constitution,
attaching itself to the right to sell the public
land. r
5. The rights of ownership.
6. The right and duty of settlement.
7. The attribute of sovereignty
8. The nature of government.
9. Nationality.
10. The principle of agency and trust.
11. That provision of the Constitution which
declares, that " all debts contracted or engage-
ments entered into before the adoption of the
present Constitution, shall be as valid against the
United States under this Constitution as under
the Confederation."
12. There are those who admit, that the ordi-
nance of 1787 was " passed by the old Congress
of the Confederation, without authority from the
States," and among these was Mr. Adams, late
President of the United States, who contended,
not that the clause respecting debts and engage-
ments confirmed the former, but that it " had been
tacitly confirmed by the adoption of the present
Constitution of the United States, and the au-
thority given to Congres#to make needful rules
and regulations for the Territory." Surely, it
cannot be necessary to investigate such a founda-
tion of power under a Government which derives
all its authority, not merely from express grants,
but which is still further restricted in its operation
by the emphatic declaration that " the powers not
delegated to the United States by the Constitu-
tion, nor prohibited by it to the States, are re-
served to the States respectively, ortothe people."
Never was the abuse, I might almost say the use,
of power more jealously guarded; and we yet here
find the sixth Chief Magistrate, in the very in-
fancy of the Republic, maintaining, as a ground
of congressional jurisdiction, that its exercise had
been " tacitly confirmed" by the adoption of the
Constitution, and by the authority to regulate and
sell the public land. Not by a grant of power,
but by the usurpation of it—by " tacitly "assum-
ing that the engagement clause confirms the au-
thority, while expressly admitting that it does
not. I leave, without further comment, this rule
of interpretation to those, who can find either
wisdom or safety in its application.
I have said, tnat three new sources of power
have recently been discovered to justify congres-
sional interposition, and I now add that these
are:
13. The right and duty of guardianship.
14. The transmissible power, by which the
constitution of another country is substituted
for that of the United States.
15. What may be called the paternal power,
which places the General Government in loco
i parentis.
j Mr. President, I repeat, that I have no design
I to enter into an investigation of the reasons,
which are urged in support of these various
derivations, whence the power of government is
deduced, or rather whence it is not deduced, con-
tenting myself with leaving them, where I left
them upon a former occasion. I shall depart
from this determination in one or two cases only,
and I do this in consequence of the presentation
of new views, or of views presented with new
force.
_ The majority af the Committee on the Territo-
ries, in their recentinquiry into the true foundation
of the power to establish territorial governments,
have sought it, and seem to believe they have
found it, in the provision of the Constitution, that
•• new States may be admitted by the Congress
into the Union," &c. I can trace no such grant
to such an authority. It proceeds upon the inad-
missible pretension, that the Federal Legislature
may take any appropriate means, not merely to
enable it to exercise a granted power, but to exer-
cise an independent power, over which it has no
control.
Mr. President, some years since this whole
subject of the right of congressional jurisdiction
over the Territories was learnedly and labori-
ously investigated in both .wings of the Capitol.
It was then maintained, as now, among various
sources of authority, that the right to admit new
States carried with it the power to establish gov-
ernments. " There are two purposes for which
territory is held," said one of the most able and
experienced members of the Senate, " the dispo-
sition of the soil and the erection of new States.
Now, the right of governing new territory is
necessary to the efKcientexerciseof both objects."
And yet one power is expressly given and the
other withheld; and we are called upon to assume
the latter, as if ijt were actually granted, for rea-
sons as numerous almost as the speakers, but
which would render a written constitution a
plastic instrument, to be formed and molded at the
will of its creature, the legislative authority.
"The purpose" (of the right of government,)
said another distinguished Senator, "is to train
up a nation of freemen, and to fit them to share
in the privileges of this Union." And the doc-
trine is pushed to as latitudinarian an extent, as
the loosest constructionist can desire. " What-
ever, said the speaker, "is necessary to this
object, Congress is authorized to do."
j The majority of the Committee on Territories
| and the two members of the Senate, whose opin-
i ions I have quoted, equally derive the authority to
] govern our colonial establishments from the power
to admit new States into the Union. Whether
with the same views to justify the action of Con-
i gress, or, in other words, with the same views
as to the connection between the power of gov-
ernment and the power of admission, so as to
render the former a true constitutional auxiliary
of the latter, I am at a loss to determine. The
senatorial predecessors of the committee, in the
annunciation of the origin of the power, trace it
, to the dutv or necessity of training up freemen,
and fUting^them to share in the privileges of the
Union, and to the training up of these infant com-
munities under such institutions as may Jit them to
become members of our great Confederacy.
The following paragraph contains the position
assumed and maintained by the committee; and
in whatever light it is viewed, it appears to me
equally erroneous in theory, and dangerous in
practice:
" Is not the organization of a Territory eminently neces-
sary and proper as a means of enabling the people thereof
to form and mold their local and domestic institutions and
establish a State government under the authority of the
Constitution, preparatory to its admssion into the Union?
If so, the right of Congress to pass the organic act for the
temporary government is clearly included in the provision
which authorizes the admission of new States."
I do not understand these views of the com-
mittee. When analyzed it will be found, that the
power of instituting a territorial government is
claimed in a double capacity; first, as a means to
enable Congress to enable the people to form and
m&ld their institutions; and, second, to establish
a State government. The forming and molding
of political institutions is a figurative expression—
a dangerous process of reasoning, in strict invest-
igations; but it seems hereto imply their adop-
tion and then their change, from time to time, till
the work is completed by its adaptation to the
wants or will of the community. In another part
of the report it is declared, that the people must
be left" entirely free " in the exertion of the rights
of self-government; entirely free to regulate their
domestic institutions and internal concerns in their
own way, for such is substantially the proposition.
This is a full measure of self-government; and, if
the doctrine is correct, whatever provision in the
organic law interferes with it interferes also with
the Constitution, and is void. The people, there-
fore, upon this political theory, must be left free to
regulate, " in their own way,1' the election of Go v-
ernor, the appointment of judges and other offi-
cers, and the nature and extent of their duties, as
well as the system of jurisprudence, or they are
deprived of this "true freedom."
Experience is certainly desirable in the work
of establishing a new system of laws for a new
country—a state of things designated as " prepar-
atory" to that permanent condition which admis-
sion to the Union brings with it. How far the
committee consider this chrysalis state a kind of
school, in which the knowledge of self-govern-
ment is to be acquired, does not distinctly appear;
whether the people are to be enabled to form and
mold their institutions with a view to their
practical operation during their subordinate con-
dition, or as a means of learning how to exercise
the rights and privileges, which are to become
their heritage. We have seen that distinguished
Senators have heretofore maintained upon this
floor, that the last object is the one, which really
confers upon Congress this disputed power. And
the process of the committee would seem to in-
dicate somewhat kindred views in the applica-
tion of the power, as it indicates an identity of
views in its derivation. For it is worthy of
observation, perhaps, indeed, a significant fact,
that the protection of life and property, and tha
