2124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
August 14,
other words, it is a proposition—if I understand
jt to know how much the seven per cent, bond-
holders would submit to be shaved.
It is intimated that the difference between the
two bonds is the difference between the seven
and the twelve percent.interest. I think, myself,
that the creditor of California who is receiving
the smallest interest should commend himself to
certainly equal consideration on the part Of the
Legislature with the creditor receiving twelve
per cont. Now, sir, this bill which we have be-
fore us, and the provisions of which my friend
from Mississippi thinks are merely in pursuance
of the law of Congress and of the law of Cali-
fornia, is, I submit, with great deference to him,
quite different. I think he is totally mistaken.
The bill which we have before us docs not recog-
nize the distinction made by the Legislature of
California between the seven per cent, and the
twelve per cent, bondholders.
Mr. QUITMAN. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I will correct him by stating that it is the
duty of the commissioners appointed by the State
of California, who shall indorse the bonds with
the amounts due thereon to the Secretary of
War. To make the distinction is not oui duty.
Mr. ORR. I do not know that the phraseology
of the bill gives the commissioners further au-
thority than to examine and certify the genuine-
ness of the bonds, and the amount due on them.
The law is, that any and all of said bonds, prior
to their redemption by the Secretary of War,
shall be presented by the holder thereof to the
commissioners appointed by the State of Califor-
nia, under the aetof the Legislature of waul State,
entitled " An act concerning the war debt of this
State, and for the redemption theieof," who
shall compute the amount due on each bond on
120th December, 1853, and indoise thoreon ihe
amount so found by them to be due, and shall
also certify, by their indorsement on each bond,
lU genuineness. Is there any exception there5
Is there any discretion confided to ihe commis-
sioners appointed by that act to receive the twelve
per cent, bonds, anil to reject the seven per cent,
bonds? The authority is general, and u provides
for "any and alT' of these bonds. After ihe
commissioners have so performed their (bides,
the bill directs the Secretary of War to draw his
wan ant m favm of the holder or holders thereof,
for the amount indorsed (hereon by the said com-
missioners. And it directs the Secretary of the
Tieasury to pay the same, provided tinit said
payment shall not, in the uggrebate, exceed the
amount of money appropriated by act of f'on-
^iess approved August, 5, 18,"H; and piovided
further, that no payment shall he made e\<ept
on such of the aforesaid bonds as aie certified by
.said commissioners and directed to be paid.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 ask whether, by
an act of the Legislature of California, commis-
-sioners have not been appointed todistiilmte this
fund, and whether they are not instructed how
to distribute it? And I ask whether—if that be
so, and if the act of 1H54 directs the money to be
paid into the treasury of (-ahlVn nia—vhe has not
the ri&ht to appoint an agent to pay it aeooiding
to her pleasure ?
M i. ORR. It might have been a very easy
matter to hav- fiamed a bill to carry out the view
indicated by the gentleman from Virginia: but the
bill before us recognizes all of t hese bondholders,
and entities all of them pro itdn. There is no dis-
cretion confided to these commissioners, except
as to certifying the amount due on the bonds
respectively, and the genuineness of the bonds.
That is all that this bill lcqmres them to do.
Weil, sir, here is the State law, and hero is the
highest reason why the House should not pass
this bill. You set out to deal fust w iih ihe State
of California, on the assumption, that certain
moneys have been expended by that State, which
you ought to lefund. You required that State to
do certain things to show tiiat she has expended
them. She mils to show it, or to show it to the
satisfaction of the Secretary of War. You do not
come here now with a bill to remedy that diffi-
culty. You do not come here with a bill to mod'fy
the interpretation given by the Secretary of War
to the act. But you come and change the whole
relations of the Government to that debt. You
recognize the bondholders of California—the
twelve per cent, and the seven per cent, bond-
holder'9. You have the perfect knowledge before
you, at the time, from the act of California, that
the sum appropriated—$924,000—is insufficient
to pay the whole debt. And what will be the
result of it? You are to pay pro rata. This
bill—say its friends—only asks you to pay the
$924,000 already appropriated. But when you
shall have paid on all these bonds seventy cents
on the dollar, I ask you, if any member will rise
in his place hereafter and object to these .same
bondholderswhen they come back and say," You
recognizcd our debt; you paid us seventy cents
on the dollar, and now it will be an act of repu-
diation on the part of Congress, unless you make
the appropriation to pay the additional thirty cents
on the dollar?" That is going; to be the result of
it.
Mr. ETJSTIS. I desire to know from the gen-
tleman from South Carolina what he proposes to
do with this money appropriated two years ago,
unless he intends to pay this debt, in whatever
shape presented, whether in the shape of bonds
or otherwise?
Mr. ORR. I will answer the question of my
friend from Louisiana with great pleasure. The
proposition which I make to him and to Califor-
nia is this: bring to the House the report of the
Secretary of War. Let us see whether the rea-
sons which he has assigned for rejecting this debt
are sufficient or insufficient. If we find that his
reasons are insufficient—if we find that in any
act he has done injustice to the State of Califor-
nia—then introduce a bill and correct the wrong.
If you do not desire California to furnish vouch-
ers lor this debt, pass a law and say so; and also
order the money to be paid direct to California.
11 we once assume this debt to the bondholders
—asyou would by the passage of this aet—theie
is no telling where the end would be. Besides,
there is no priority between this Government and
the bond holders who are now asking the Gov-
ernment to pay these bonds.
Mr, EUSTIS. If the gentleman from South
Carolina will allow me to ask another question,
1 desire to know whether the Secretary of War
does not approve of this plan, or tins mode of
paying the State of California the money due
h< r > I desire to know further, whether the State
of California has not appointed coimmseioneis to
adjust the payment of this debt? 1'desire to
know if these commissioners do not recommend
tins mode of payment ■> and I desire to know how
' this money, which has been appropriated, and
i now lies in the Treasury, is ever to be paid out
: unless it is paid to those bondholders who fur-
. ni.vhed the money for suppressing these Indian
' llONtiil! les ?
j Mr. OUR. The bondholders of the State of
1 California have no claim on the Government of
! the United States. This Government, has never
' obligated itself to [lay one farthimr to them. I
do not know what may be the opmion of the
! Secretary of War on ihe subject, i have had no
' conloreiioe with him; and, sir, f do not care what
• may be his opinions, they will not prevent me
; fiom discharging what 1 conceive to be my duty
1 on tlie subject as a member of this House*
i Mr. EUSTIS. I ask the gentleman whether
1 he has any respect for the Senate of the United
; States, winch body lias passed this bill unani-
I mously. after being recommended by th^ Secre-
i tary of War and by the Finance Committee?
Mr. OUR. I suppose it would not hem order
| for me to answer that question.
j TheSi'b; YK LU. It is not in order to charac-
j teuze the proceedings of the Senate.
Mi. ORR. Well, Mr. Speaker, I have now
, presented very hastily my views upon the suh-
: ]"ct of this bill. I do not think nought to pass,
for the reavonxthat 1 have indicated. If wo un-
deitake to recognize the claims of these bond-
holder, we do not know wheie it will end. If
j the State of California will come forward and
! ask us to overlook the difficulties upon the part
i ot the Secretary of War in settling these accounts,
. I am willing that if shall be done. I am willing
! to vote to pay this $<)u0,000 into the Treasury of
; California, but I will not vote to recognize any
cia:nm upon the part of these bondholders.
N o w, sir, there is another point upon which
I should like to hear from tiie gentleman from
Cahtomia. It is this: if these bonds aie what
they appear upon their face—all right, regular,
and proper, I desire to know from the gentleman
from California, how it happens that the Legtsla- i
lature of that State, by a solemn act, provides for
shaving or scaling those bonds? How does it
happen that, if these bonds are good—if the State
has actually pledged its faith for their redemp-
tion, the Legislature of that State has provided
for scaling them?
Mr. Speaker, I think the House ought to reject
this hill; and, as 1 have said, if the State of Cali-
fornia will ask that the original act shall be modi-
fied so as to obviate the difficulty of the Secretary
| of War, or that the $900,000 shall be paid direct-
I ly into the treasury of California, 1 will support
i such a measure.
Mr. DENVER. With the indulgence of the
i House, I will reply to some of the questions of
I the gentleman from South Carolina. The gen-
| tlcman wants to know why the act of the Lcgis-
i lature of my State was passed, by which it was
! proposed that a portion of these bonds should be
i scaled? I can answer the gentleman only this
I far, that the act was hurriedly passed in the clos-
j ing hours of the session, and it was altered con-
I siclerably from the form m which it was originally
I introduced. And I can say, further, that, so far
I as the bill now pending is concerned; all the par-
j ties who are interested are satisfied. The State
! of California is satisfied to have the bill pass in
| its present form. The creditors of the State
j of California are satisfied with the bill as it is;
i and the officers of the. Government here, to whom
i the bill has been submitted, are satisfied with it as
i it is. AH wo ask is, that the money shall be paid
! out which lias been already appropriated for the
j purpose for which it was appropriated. Weask
! for nothing more. We do not ask to apply the
• money, or any part of it, to debts which have
i been contracted since the passage, of the original
! bill by Congress. 1 say again, that all the parties
interested are satisfied with the bill as it is now
presented; and the question now is, whether you
will force the State of California longer to pay
$7,000 per month interest which she has to pay
upon this debt.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the gentleman
from California to state whether this appropria-
tion will pay the entire amount?
Mr. DENVER. It will more than pay the debt
! for which the appropriation was made.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will it release this Gov-
ernment fiom ail obligations on the subject?
Mr. DENVER. There were a small portion
of the claims which had not been settled at the
time, but which have been settled and allowed; but
this appropriation does not apply to them,
ji As I said before, the'only question is, whether
!j you will longer delay the payment of this debt,
i' upon which the State of California, for the last
ji four or five years, has been paying interest at
i the rate of §7,000 per month ? I demand the prc-
j! vious question upon the passage of the bill,
j! Mr. MAXWELL. I desire to ask the gentle-
ji man one question before he demands the previous
!' question. The gentleman from South Carolina
| [Air. Our] objected to this hill, because the money
j! was to be paid to the bondholders. Now, I wish
ji to know whether those bonds were issued to de-
" fj.iy the expenses of suppressing Indian liosuli-
i| ties in the State of California, and whether any
; of them were for the payment of any other ex-
; penscs?
| Mr. DENVER. I am glad to havo an oppor-
; tumty to answer the gentleman. Those bonds
|i were issued for that identical purpose, and for
!! none other. I was one of the hoard of examiners
j| of the claims presented,and Iknowthatno bonds
were issued except for that particular purpose,
:i and that all accounts were scrutinized as closely
l[ as it was possible to sciutiiu/.e them.
!| Mr. McMULLlN. Will the gentleman accept
j, of an amendment?
|j Air. DENVER. I will accept of no amend-
j ment. If the bill is to be voted down, let it be
h voted down directly. If it be voted down, we
j[ shall come here year after year, and ask for the
j: damages that may accrue from the unjust delay
!' of Congress. I call for the previous question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope the call for the
previous question will be voted down, so that I
can offer an amendment to the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. ORR. I move that the bill be laid on the
table; and on that motion I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
