THE CONGRESSIONAL GLftBE.
February 27,
on Military Affairs, and from the fact that I rep-
resent one of the only two national armories m
the country, I shall be pardoned for occupying
your attention a few moments longer upon the
question now under consideration. I do not, sir,
look upon the message of the President, as the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. H. Marshall}-
seems to do, as sent to us in the present^ antici-
pation of war. I regard it rather m the light of
a reversal of the past unwise policy of the Gov-
ernment upon the subject of our national armo-
ries and the manufacture of arms. I have believed
that the operations of our armories for the last
four years have been too limited; in other words,
I'believe that they have not been stretched to
that full measure of production which sound
policy and the interests of the country require. I
look upon this message as a concession of the
wisdom of its former policy. It was, I think, in
1851, that the Secretary of War recommended a
large reduction of the annual appropriation for
the manufacture of arms. This recommendation
was made in opposition to the able and unan-
swerable views of the chief of the ordnance
bureau. It has been persisted in to the present
moment. Since 1851 the armories have not man-
ufactured one half the arms which they arc capa-
ble of turning out. As to the armory in my
district, it has been comparatively idle for the
last twelve months, although that is to be ascrioed,
in a great measure, to the suspension of works
consequent upon the rejection of the old musket
and the-preparation of the necessary models and
machinery for the improved guns. I infer from
the communication of the Secretary of War ac-
companying the President's message, that he has
reached the conclusion, that full employment
should now be given to the utmost capacity of
production of our national workshops.
It is no doubt known to the House that the
Government has discontinued the manufacture of
the old musket, and has substituted in its place
the rifled musket with the Maynard lock. These
last are so incomparably superior to the old fire-
arms, m range and accuracy, in facility and
quickness of fire, thatno Secretary ofWur would
dare to place any other in the hands of our troops
going into battle. We have now in our national
arsenals some five or six hundred thousand of
these imperfect and inefficient arms, worthless,for
all the purposes of war, in their present condition,
but capable, by an expenditure of lour dollars on
each gun, of being made equal to the best Minie
rifle. Sooner or later this alteration of the musket
must be made. If you take no step beyond the
existing law, that process will go on slowly
gradually each year. The Secretary of War and
thinks, as the change has to be made, it is more
economical and better to have it done promptly
and upon a large scale. This is a question for
the committee "to inquire into. The committee
may differ from Jus views. They may think the
slow and gradual process the better. They may
think he asks too large an appropriation for that
ind the supply of armaments and munitions of
war for our fortifications^ Be it so_; they are
views submitted to the consideration of Congress,
proper to go to some committee; and the inquiry
now is, which is the appropriate committee?
Upon this point it is difficult to see liow there
should be ground for any difference of opinion.
What is the duty of the Committee on Military
Affairs? As prescribed by your rules, it is to
take into consideration all matters relating to the
military establishment and to the public defense.
What are the recommendations of the special
message ? Arc they not matters exclusively re-
lating to the military establishment and to the
public defense? Are they not to supply your forti-
fications with ammunition and your soldiers with
improved guns ? What other committee could
possibly, with any propriety, be charged with
the inquiry? To a certain extent, the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Hocsxo>f] and the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] concede this,
but they say, inasmuch as an appropriation is
asked for to carry out this military policy, the
reference should be to the Committee of Ways
and Means, or at least so divided as to refer all
that part relating to the public defense to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and the appro-
priation asked for to the Committee of Ways
and Means. I cannot see the force of this view.
£ cannot see the value of this division of labor.
I do not well see how you can separate the con-
clusion as to the policy of carrying out the Pres-
ident's recommendations, from the sum deemed
necessary for that purpose. Surely that com-
mittee, which, after much labor and investigation
determines the propriety of any measure of policy,
is as competent to recommend the amount proper
to carry out that policy as any other committee.
What magic is there in this Committee of Ways
and Means, that its approbation should become
essential to every law appropriating money? By
the very law of its creation, it has no power to
embrace in any general appropriation bill any
item not provided for by some existing law. It
is not designed, then, to originate new measures
of policy, but to provide for the preexisting lia-
bilities of the Government. The uniform prac-
tice of tlic House, so far as I have observed it, is
in opposition to the idea that all bills appropri-
ating money should originate with the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. When the Committee
on Invalid Pensions ascertains that an old soldier
is entitled to his pension, does it simply report
that fact, and apply to the Committee of Ways
and Means to make the appropriation? We
know the contrary. When the Committee on
Naval Affairs was charged with an inquiry into
the propriety of constructing the six steam frig-
ates, did it merely report upon the policy of that
addition to our Navy, or did it not bring in a bill
for the appropriation of $3,000,000 for that pur-
pose? When the expediency of constructing a
military road is referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, does it simply express its opin-
ion as to the propriety of constructing such a
road, or does it not appropriate the amount neces-
sary to its construction? We know this to be
the uniform practice of the House,andit is asafe
and wise practice; for, presuming that all the
committees are equal in general intelligence and
character, unquestionably that committee which
examines a measure in all its minutiae and details
is the best qualified to judge the amount proper
and necessary to carry it into effect.
Mr. Speaker, as I have before remarked, I see
nothing m this special message of the President
which "justifies the idea that it has been sent to
us in any immediate prospect of war. To con-
template war as a contingency which may at any
time occur, and to be prepared for such contin-
gency, is the duty of every wise and prudent na-
tion. If war is in the contemplation of the Exec-
utive, this certainly is preparing for it, with such
an antagonist as Great Britain, upon a veiy
diminutive scale. It would be like attempting to
storm Gibialtar with a pocket pistol. And more
especially am I unable to see how such an im-
pression could have been made upon the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. H. Marshall,] with the fact
before him in the communication of the Secretary
of War, that we were now abundantly; supplied
with men for all the present or prospective neces-
sities of the country. The whole army is now
required on our western and southern frontiers,
to repress and subdue Indian hostilities. We
have literally 110 force at all on our Atlantic coast,
nor, in the present condition of Indian hostil-
ities, could any more be spared than those sta-
tioned there at this time. Does the gentleman
from Kentucky, then, for a moment suppose that
the minds of the President or Secretary of War
could in that document have dwelt on the idea of
a war with England, and in that paper declare
that we have at this time an abundance of troops
for all the. purposes required ? This itself ought
to be sufficient to satisfy that gentleman that he
sounded a most unfounded note of alarm when
he threw out the idea that the purposes of war
were concealed in this message. I apprehend, sir,
that when this Administration shall determine
to recommend war against any foreign Power, it
will not send you a war message in disguise. In-
direction^ not the habit of this Administration.
It will, as it has always heretofore done, speak
boldly and fearlessly to the American people.
My word for it, President Pierce will never send
you a war message under the disguise of such
recommendations as appear in this special com-
munication.
As my friend fromMississippi, [Mr. Q.uiTMAij,]
who preceded me, expressed his opinion upon
the probabilities of a war between England and
this country, I will say a word or two on
that subject. I speak for myself alone—I give
expression to my own individual opinions. I can
see no sufficient cause for a war between Eng-
land and the United States. What I mean to say
is, that there is no question now pending between
the two countries that wise and judicious nego-
tiation, conducted in a fair and temperate spirit,
may not bring to an amicable termination. And
if any war should grow out of the causes of diffi-
culty now the subject of negotiation between the
two nations, it can only, in my judgment, result
from the most bungling diplomacy. I believe
that the President has a most sincere desire to
cultivate peace with all nations, and I have not,
myself, the slightest apprehension that the pend-
ing questions will lead to a war with England.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I am much indisposed
—too much so to bo here—but 1 wish to speak
in reply to the gentlemen of the Committee on
Military Affairs, whose remarks place me in a
false position, and seem to arraign me for an
attempt to alarm the country without an occasion
for it. I will not contend for the floor with the
gentleman from Virginia, {Mr. Carlile,] but I
shall be content to make my reply to those gen-
tlemen before this reference is finally disposed of;
yet, if the gentleman from Virginia will yield to
me, I can now say all I have to say in a few
moments.
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, [Mr. GIuitman,] and the ex-
chairman (now a distinguished member) of the
same committee, [Mr. Fahlkneb.,] both friends
of this Administration, have, in the most emphatic
manner, declared their astonishment that I should
have regarded this message of the President in
any other aspect than that of peace.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I declare that I do not see
how any one, ignorant of the real views and
designs of this Administration, can read the
message and the accompanying documents, with-
out having the mind forced to the conclusion that
they are of a warlike character.
Gentlemen who are behind the scenes may
readily understand that the Administration does
not expect to bring its practices up to its procla-
mations; but the uninitiated, who are not sup-
posed to know the real programme of the play,
may be excused when they form a judgment on
the papers submitted for their consideration.
Let us look for a moment to the communica-
tion from the Secretary of War accompanying
the President's message. I will read from it his
own language:
" It has been our policy, heretofore, to carry on, gradually
and slowlti, the work of pieparation for military efficiency,
both offensive ami defensive; and m pursuance of this
policy the estimates of the War Department, from year to
year, have been limited to the execution of such work only
as accorded with the ordinary means of our armories and
arsenals, with but a small force of operatives in employ-
ment. 't'lie regular estimates last submitted to Congress are
based 011 the^e considerations."
It will be observed that these estimates have
been submitted only at the commencement of
this Congress. But, sir, somehow "a change has
come over the spirit of our dream;" something has
occurred to induce a change in this policy. Hear
the honorable Secretary again:
" In view, however, of the propriety of assuring, at the
earliest practicable period, military efficiency as regards
armament and munitions, (we have it abundantly as
regards moil,) it seems proper that more active and vigorous
measures should now be adopted; that we should increase
the capacity for production and the force in employment at
our armories and arsenals ; that we should prepare more
rapidly armaments and ammunition for our toitiflcaUons ;
that we should increase oui supplies of improved small-
arms by the manufacture of new ones, and by the alteration
of those of past dates of fabrication, including both the
United States and State arms; and that we should provide
ample supplies of ammunition, accouterinents, and imple-
ments for the immediate and most efficient use of the
whole."
It is well understood, Mr. SpeaRer, that states-
men who write State papers weigh their words
well; and, therefore, when the chief of the War
Department submits a recommendation to the
President for a change in the policy heretofore
pursued in preparing the country for a time of
v,;vc—when he recites that policy, and, antitheti-
cally, talks of " the propriety of assuring, at the
earliest practicable period, military efficiency as
regards armaments and munitions," and of pro-
viding " more rapidly armaments and ammunition
for our fortifications," and " accouterments, am-
munition , and implements for the immediate: and
most efficient use of the whole,'' and the President
indorses this recommendation to the Representa-
