1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
tives of the American people with the declaration
that he wants a special and extraordinary appro-
priation of $3,000,000, in order to the reversal of
the old policy and the installation of the new
policy of Government, I respectfully submit that
it should not appear strange if the Representatives
conclude, from the face of the papers, that the
message looks towards war, and strikes upon the
car as the early note of preparation.
How does the President propose to apply the
money he asks for? The gentlemen say it will
be applied to the improvement of fire-arms. That
is not the answer of the document before the
House. It answers that it is wanted " to prepare
more rapidly armaments and ammunition for our
fortifications."
Mr. CtUITMAN. Does it not state that there
is a sufficient supply of ordinary munitions; but
that the object is to adapt them to recent improve-
ments ?
Mr. MARSHALL. The words of the Secre-
tary's letter are these:
u We should prepare more rapidly armaments and ammu-
nition foi our fortfications; that we should increase our sup-
plies of improved fire-aims by the manufacture of new ones?,
and by the alteration of those of past dates of fabrication,
including both the United States and State aims; and that
we should provide ample supplies of aiam.uiiition, auoiitcr-
ments, and implements, for the immediate and most
efficient use of the whole."
Mr. QUITMAN. By what just precedes what
the gentleman has read we are informed that
there is now on hand the ordinary supply of these
arms.
Mr. FAULKNER. Allow me to make a state-
ment of facts.
Mr. MARSHALL. I yield for a question—
nothing else. I do not yield the floor for a state-
ment; for, if I understand the decision of the Chair
under the rule, when I yield for a statement I
yield altogether.
Mr. FAULKNER. I desire to ask a question
founded upon a fact. The gentleman knows that
it has been the policy of this Government for
many years back to accumulate at the national
armories and arsenals a large quantity of arms.
They now amount to between five and six hun-
dred thousand. It has been ascertained by experi-
ments which have been made with the newly-
invented guns, that the old ones are entirely
inefficient m comparison.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman is not
asking me a question.
Mi\ FAULKNER,. Well,I ask the gentleman
what he would do in the emergency ?
Mr. MARSHALL. The emergency ! "What
emergency? I thought ail was peace. But the
honorable gentleman leaks out the fact that an
emergency is supposed to exist. Now, it in be-
cause they admit an emergency to have arisen,
that I do not comprehend their astonishment at
my remark, that this message and this letterfrom
the War Department are notes of preparation for
an impending difficulty somewhere. Are we then
in any emergency ? Are we to understand that a
crisis has comc in the affairs of this country,
either at home or abroad, which induces members
of the Committee on Military Affairs to declare
that the Executive finds himself in " an emer-
gency," such as to require this call upon us for
three millions of "money to be placed at his dis-
cretion, to bring the country, at the earliest prac-
ticable period, to a higher degree of military effi-
ciency than at present exists? if so, then 1 say,
without hesitation, that the House should resolve
itself at^mice into a committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ascertain what the
emergency is.
Mr. FAULKNER. X have explained what I
meant by the term emergency.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will let that pass. I
rose merely to repel the arraignment of me by the
gentlemen of the Committee on Military Affairs,
for needlessly alarming the country by talking of
" this message as a war message. I rose to show
that, whatever may be the condition of my nerves,
there is enough on the face of these documents to
have arrested the attention of any legislator who,
like myself, knows what the calamities of war
are. The honorable chairman of Military Affairs
suggested an expression of his surprise that I
should have been the first to speak here of alarm
at the idea of war.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will say, in reply to this,
that there is no man upon this floor whose native
benevolence and kindness of heart, high sense of
honor, and humanity, would shrink more readily
from the idea of war than the distinguished chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr.
Quitman.] He would meet war as a dire ne-
cessity, and always a calamity—justifiable only
when waged to protect national honor. Ho would
go forth to its call, as he has gone heretofore,
fearlessly, gallantly, gloriously; and he would
come out of it, if at all, with new and greener
laurels around his brow than those he wears now
so modestly, yet so worthily. But, sir, I know
him too well not to know that he, like myself,
turns away with repugnance from the suggestion
of war. Sir, I am proud to say I am afraid of
war—I do not hkc to hear it lightly talked about.
I suppose it must be undertaken somtimes, and
then it should be met calmly and conducted ener-
getically; but it is not the subject for light national
chit-chat, and we ought never to have in this
country any filibustering about our readiness for
war. Our chief Executive should never sound a
war note, if it may be avoided with propriety. I
am unwilling to hear it, or to appear to be preparing
for mar, by lapid movements in arming fortifica-
tions, collecting supplies of ammunition, accou-
terments and implements, unless some occasion
has in fact arisen to justify and demand such a
course of action.
I did not speak yesterday in an accusing spirit
in regard to this matter, and I do not now speak
with any idea of denouncing anybody. I do not
know what has occurred; I do not know whether
the President, indeed, wants three millions to alter
the locks and bores of a parcel of old guns, so as
to fit th^m for percussion caps and conical balls,
or whether he wants it to run cannon out of the
embrasures of our forts, so as to make a show of
readiness and a high state of efficiency, or for
some other equally useful purpose. I thought it
most probable, yesterday, the message portended
a storm ahead of us; but the assurances of gentle-
men who occupy near relations upon the part of
this House to the Department of War and the
Executive have, to a great degree, removed the
apprehension. The gentleman from Virginia
talks about the improvements iri small-arms as
evinced during the war in the Crimea. Does he
suppose that, by any proper economy, the old
Harper's Ferry or Springfield muskets, which
have been distributed to the States, can be changed
to the efficiency of the Minie rifle? If I under-
stand the matter aright, it is proposed to recall
the arms from the States, and then to alter them
by adapting them to the new improvement, by
regrooving their bores and changing their locks
from flint to percussion locks. Gentlemen inti-
mate that these improvements of the old arms can
be so made, and economically made. I am not
prepared to dispute the point, were I so inclined;
but why w;is not this idea submitted with a rec-
ommendation to adopt it, when the Secretary of
War and chief of the ordnance corps made their
annual reports? If gentlemen are right in their
assurances that this message lias no legitimate
reading as a war document, and that it was not
suggested to change our policy because of any
proximate probability of difficulty with any for-
eign Power, then I am only the more surprised
that the change was not suggested by the ordnance
and engineers, and some estimates of cost pre-
pared to enlighten us as to the judiciousness of
the proposed changes when the President first
sent in his annual message with departmental
reports.
But, sir, my object has been accomplished in
calling attention to the character of this recom-
mendation. So fai from uselessly alarming the
country, it will have served to prevent alarm,
when it shall go abroad from this Hall, upon the
high authority of th<"- present chairman and former
chairman of Military Affairs, that war hnnt to be
.apprehended, and that any apparent difficulties
in our foreign relations may be settled by wise
and peaceful diplomacy. The country will rcjoice
to hear that the President and Secretary of War
only want to mend up our old guns, and to put
our armories into a little more active operation;
but with an expectation of continued peace. And,
under this view of the matter, I have no care
where you send the message, or to what commit-
tee it may be referred.
I will add, however, that if wo are not in any
danger of a rupture with Great Britain, or other
i; foreign Power, I see no sound reason for the de-
li parturc from the old policy of gradually preparing
!, the means of military efficiency. Talk of rapidly
!| arming our fortifications! Why,sir,itis a curi-
ous fact in the history of our fortifications that,
notwithstanding the number we have commenced
and partially built, we have not yet finished a
single one. The President will not find me back-
ward in voting supplies for the substantial de-
fenses of the country, North or South, East or
West. Present to me a case in which my judg-
ment shall be convinced of the policy or propriety
of adding to our means of defense, even with
greater rapidity than heretofore, and I am ready
to vote the money from the Treasury to accom-
plish the puipose. I am willing to girdle our
coast with efficient military fortifications, at what-
ever cost, if there is a propriety in spending the
public, money for the purpose faster than it has
heretofore been appropriated.
Will the President come here and say that he
wants money out of the Treasury for the purpose
of sending supplies of ammunition to the Pacific
coast, in order that we may defend our Pacific
borders; or that he wants to " take time by the
forelock" before the navy of Great Britain stops
the passage across the Isthmus? Then I will
vote the money. What I want from the Admin-
istration is fair sailing, open sailing, perfect con-
fidence between us, as legislators, and the Pres-
ident. If the Executive sees any cloud in the
horizon, let him tell it to us in language that is
not to be misunderstood If the President believes
that, from the condition of our foreign relations,
we are approximating a crisis that may be re-
solved into a war, let him send that word here,
(confidentially, if he prefers to do so,) and I do
not doubt the patriotism of the Representatives
of the people will provide amply for the real
wants of our country.
Mr. KUNKEL. As this, Mr. Speaker, is a
military question, on which most of the military
gentlemen of the House have addressed the Chair,
it is just possible that the House may desire to
hear from the Committee on the Militia. Now,
that committee is composed of a number of able
and experienced military men; and, as neither
the Committee ofWays and Means, nor the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, can agree as to the
disposition of this communication, I have an idea
that, by way of compromise, and because the
Committee on the Militia have but little to do,
and arc exceedingly well-versed on these subjects,
it should be referred to them.
But seriously, Mr. Speaker, I cannot agree with
the suggestion of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. H. Marshall.] I must take that commu-
nication from what appears upon its "face. It is
a communication from the War Department, sug-
gesting that certain improvements in fire-arms,
and certain other matters, are of importance to
strengthen that arm of the public service, and that
some money is required for the purpose. Now,
without looking at the question of the probability
or possibility of war, or without raising an issue
with the Administration on any such question as
that, but acting on the maxim, 46 in time of peace
prepare for war," I think that this message should
reccivc the usual reference, and be acted on in the
usual way.
And nov/, Mr. Speaker, what I rose to speak
about is this: Consuming two days in the discus-
sion of this matter, we have advanced no further
than we were on its introduction. The question
is a question of reference. Now, three questions
arise upon the communication: First,thopolicy of
the improvement suggested; second, the amount
of money necessary to effect it; and, third, whether
this House will appi opriate ^3,000,000 for the pur-
pose. The first and second questions are, be-
yond all controversy, questions for the Committee
on Military Affairs. This, sir, it seems to me,
without having any particular acquaintance with
what is usual and customary in such cases, is the
proper reference for it: First, to the Committee
on Military Affairs; and, when they shall have
disposed of these two questions, and reported
back to the House, let it then go to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and then to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. I call for
the previous question. x
The question was seconded; and the main ques-
tion ordered to be put.
The question was first taken on the motion of
