1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 76, as follows:
YCAS—Messrs. Ajbught, Barbour, Barclay, Henry Ben-
nett. Branch, Brenton, Burnett, (Jadwalader, Sanies
II. Campbell, Ciiaftee, Ezra Clark, Clmgman, Williamson
31 XV. Cobb, Coiia.x, Ciagin, Cfaige, Cumbaek, Damrell,
Day, Dean, Dick. Dickson, Dndd, Duifce, Edwards, Emrie,
Flagler. To^ci, Gidduigv. Gilbeit, Goode, Granger, Grow,
Itoheif B. Hall, Harlan, Hairison, Haven. Hickman. IIollo-
way, Thomas It. Jioiton, Yafentine B. Uoitou, Houston,
Howard, Ifugliston, George \V. Jones, Kclsey, Kins?,
Kmjrht, Kriovvlton, Knox, Kunkel, Letter, Letcher, Mace,
Matteson, McCaity, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Millci,
Mill-on, Morgan, JVIouill, Mott, Mnriay, Andiew OJivei,
Oir. Paiker, Peaice, Pennington, Peirj", Petut, Pike, Prin-
gle, Purviance, Puiyear, Ready, Ritchie, Rivers, Uuffin,
Wage, Sapp, Savage, Scott. William Smith, Sliced, Spinner.
Stanton, Stranahan, Talbott, Tappan, Thuiston, Todd,
Tiui'ton, Undci wood, Vaik, Wade, W'.iKeman, Walbiidge,
Waidron, Eihhu B. Wa^hbume. Welch, Wheeler, Wil-
liams Window, Wood, Woodiulf, and Woodwouh—108,
NAVj!-Messrs. Aiken, Ball, Ilendley S. Bennett, Ben-
son, Bilhnchuist, Bi-'hop, Boeock, Bowie, Broom, Baffin
ton, John P. Campbell,Lewis D. Campbell,Caihle,Caruth-
ei3,Caskie, BavaidClaike, dawson, Howell Cobb,Comms,
Cullen, Ilcm v Winter Davis. Timothy Davis, Denvei, Doiv-
dell, Kdie, EdmuwNon, Elliott. English, Rustic, Evans,
Faulkner, Floienee, Henry M. Fuller^Thomas J. 1). Fullci,
Gieenwood, J. j\Foriie«oii Hams, Thomas L. Harris, Jler-
h rf, ICelly, Kennett, Lake, Lumpkin, Alexander iv. Mar-
shall, lluinpluey Marshall, Maxwell, Miilwaul, Mooie,
Noiton, Peck, Pelton, Phelps, Poitci, Powell. Quitman,
Jiicaud, Richardson, Robcits, lUi^t, Sandide", Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, Stew.ut, Swope, Taylor, Thoiington,
Tuppe, T\son, V.ul, Walker, Wanici, Cadwalader C.
Washburn.:, 1-iaol Washhmn, Wat<on, Daniel B. Wnght,
John V Wiigh*,nnd ZolheoflPer—77.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Pending the call,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, said he would change
his vote from no to ay, iu order that lie might
move a reconsideration.
Mr. ORR. 1 move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was laid upon the table; and also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
Mr. HERBERT. I hope the gentleman will
not press his motion to a vote until the bill has
been printed and laid before members for their
consideration. If he will withdraw his motion,
I will piomibe to liave the bill printed at once.
Mr. ORR. I should like to oblige my fuend,
but he must excuse me if I insist on my motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TIIORINGTON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Public Lands, reported
bills of the following titles; which were severally
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the SVhole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed:
A bill to allow selection of lands, in lieu of the
sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections, for school
purposes, m Minnesota Territory;
A bill for an asylum for deaf, dumb, and blind,
in Minnesota Tenitory;
A bill authorizing the Legislature of Nebraska
to select other lands in lieu of the sixteenth and
thirty-sixth sections, where those are claimed by
preemption;
A bill to extend the northwestern limits of the
State of Iowa;
A bill for the sale of certain town lots in Iowa
and Wisconsin:
A bill granting land to the State of Iowa and
the Territory of Minnesota, in alternate sections,
to aid in the construction of railroads therein
named; and
A bill granting alternate section? of land to aid
in the construction of a railroad from MacGrog-
or's Landing to the Missouri river, in the State
of Iowa.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that that committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill of the following
title: An act for the relief of Isaac Adams.
When the Speaker signed the same.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the Navy appropria-
tion bill.
' NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a privileged question.
The committee of conference upon the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the amendments
of the Senate to House bill (No. 189) making
appropriations for the support of the Navy for
the year ending June 30, 1857, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House agree to the first amendment of
the Senate, with the following amendment: stiikc
out the woids " and ieport," in line third, and
strike out the words "of" and " a rcpoit," in
line five.
To explain that, I will say that the first amend-
ment of the Senate to this bill was in the follow-
ing words:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to publish the
chart-* and report of the exploration of La Plata neer and
the charts and repot t of the suiveys of the Behiijig's stiaits
expedition, $28,2^6.
If the amendment recommended by the com-
mittee be adopted, the only publication which
•will be made will be the charts of surveys of the
La Plata, and the charts of the North Pacific,
it is represented that, in the surveys of the North
Pacific, they have laid down many islands on the
new charts which are unknown upon any exist-
ing charts; and as these seas are much frequented
by our whalers, the committee, on the part of the
"House, deemed it proper and right that these
charts should be published for the benefit of the
commerce of our country. They recommend
also the same thing in reference to the La Plata.
They recommend that the Senate agree to the
House amendment to the second Senate amend-
ment, with an amendment to insert after the
words (( ^400," the words " and one ration per
day."
The second Senate amendment was as follows:
That each pui<ci of a sloop of war, or oihei vessel
smallei than a fi ia<uo, "hall bo aurlioi izcd to appoint a eletk
in hen of the stewaid hcietoforc allowed, subject to the
approval of the coniniandin  officei of such vc=sU; and
Mich < leik shall have the pi i\lk^e;-, allowed to the rleik of
the commanding oihcer, and hi* yeai lv emnpen«ation shall
he the same a-; that now allowed by law to midshipmen •
jlml provided fiul'icr. That the compensation or tbeolcik i
of the commandant at Philadelphia shall be the t-;une a-
those at Boston and Norlolk, which «hnll be paid for the
last and piesent iKeal year as estimated and appiopnated.
The House amended that amendment of the.
Senate by stnkmg out all after the words " and
his yearly compensation shall be," and inserting,
in lieu of the pai t stricken out, the words " ^400. "
The (omnnitee lecotmneud that the Senate
agit-e to that amendment of the House, with an
amendment t.o add, after the woids " $400," the .
words " and one ration per day." That would
give to the clerk what every man in the Navy of
the same grade now receives.
The third amendment of the Senate was as
follows:
For constructing a powder magazine at San Francisco,
$1J9,302 11.
The committee recommend that the Senate re-
cede from that amendment. In reference to tins !
matter I have only to say, that the estimate for i
that work was submitted' at a vci y late day; and i
furthermore, we were aware that there was some j
difficulty in reference to the land titles in the j
State of California; and, as we understand that j
some claim is set up to the island upon which 1
the magazine is proposed to be built, we were j
not willing that the magazine, if built at all, i
should be built at San I'rancisco, but at the navy- .
yard. Therefore, we recommend that the Senate j
recede from that amendment. i
If the report of the committee is adopted, it :
leaves m so much of the Senate amendment as j
provides for publishing the charts of the sutvevs, 1
of the two expeditions; it gives to the purser's :
clerk one ration per day in addition to his salary \
of $400, and strikes out the appropriation for the |
powder magazine at San Francisco. ]
I call the previous question upon agreeing to i
the report of the committee.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS moved to rcconsider the vote by
which the report was agreed to, and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
; NASHVILLE CUSTOM-HOUSK, $TC.
| Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I ask the ufi.an^oue
j consent of the House that the Committee of ihe
I Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
; from the further consideration of the bill (H.
1 No. 209) authorizing the construction, of a bqii4*
ing at Nashville, Tennessee, foraci^stom-hottse,
post office, and United States court-room; and if
objection is made 1 move to suspend the rules to
enable me to make that motion.
Objection was made.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
The Committee of the Whole was then dis-
charged from the further consideration of said
bill, and it was reported to the House for con-
sideration.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed, and read a third tiinc,
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, offered the follow-
ing amendment:
Strike out all after the word "rooms,'"in the seventh line,
and insen:
And theie hereby appropriated out of any money in
the Trca^uiv not otiienvise appiopnatcd, the sum? of
money hereafter mentioned • The sum of $50,000 for con
sti noting a budding ai Ogdensbuifi, New Yoik, lor a custom-
house, poit oltiee, and United States eomt rooms; the sum
of §30,000 for constructing a building at Jefferson city.
MUsouti, for accommodation ot the Federal courts and'a
post office ; the sum of j-fjO.'-OO for consii noting a building
at Galena, nimois, lor a custom-hou.=e and po*t office; the
yum ot $20,000 foi constructing a building at Perth Amboy.
New Jci.-cy, foi a custom house and po&t ofiice ; the sum
of $88,000 lor constructing a building at Knowille, Ten-
|! nessce, loi a ciutom-hou.se, po*t office, and United States
' | eomt looms; the yum of $86,000 tor construeung a build-
i ing at PoiUmouth, New Hampshire, for a custom house
; po^t office, and United States coutt-rooms ; the sum of
1 $9,870 tor fencing and grading the "sound*, and furnishing
' and completing tiio custom house at flat notable, M&s*a
I clnisctti; the aim of £5,000 /or inclosing and grading the
! lot, conducting pavements and extern*., and introducing
t g.is for The custom house at Oswego, Now Yoik ; the sum
| ol $ ),.'il3 (or bridgmu! the Kendu^keagstieam on each s-ido of
the custom hou-se at Bangor, Maine, fiom the middle bridge
to the lowe.i budge; the sum of $20.00Jfoi changing the plan
and adding another sloty to the cuctom-honse utSandu-kj.
Ohio; the sum of $'50,000 Ibr eonstiueiinga bmiduig at
Spi ingfiold, Illinois, foi the use of the United States eouit:«.
and foi a post office, and a. land oilier ; the sum of $.">0,OuC'
loi con>ti uctmg a building at Columbia, South Oaiolma, t\>t
the u-e of the United States eouit-S ,u,(l P0tt office; the
; sum o{ ,«rj(),U00 tor consti uctmg a building at Madison,
I Wisconsin, lor the use of the Umted States courts, and a
j postollicu ; and, m addition to the sums hereby appropuated
; tor the conduction of buildings at Ogdensbuig, Galena,
; Nashville, KnoxviUe, Portsmouth, Perth Ambo>, Spring-
! field, Columbia, and Madron, there sb,ah bu appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, a sufiicientamountforpnrchaseof sites for said build-
ing, and ten per cent, there an, to cover the contingent
expenses for atchitccts, superintendents, adveitising. &c.:
Provided, That no money hereby appiopriated iJiail be used
or applied tor the purpose mentioned, until a valid title to
the land forihe sites of such buddings shall be vested in the
United States and until the States of Tennessee, Illinois.
Iowa, New York, New Hampshire, South Carolina, Wis-
consin, and New Jersey, '•hall al-o duly relca£e«and relin
I qiiish to the United States the right to tax, or in any way
a-sess, said Mtcs, or the property of the United States thai
may be thereon during the time that the United States may
be oj remain thcownei thereof.
Sko. '2. ^Ind be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury he, and he h hereby, authorized to cau^e a
budding to b" erected at Dubuque, Iowa, suitable for the
aeeotrnnodaiion of the custom hou«-e, post office, and court-
house at that place, and that for this puipo >e the same sum
n-i that which has been, or may be, appiopi latcd for a sim-
ilar buildin" at Milwaukee, Wisconsin, be, and the same
hereby is, appiopnatcd, out of any money in the Tteasury
not otheivvise apptopi latcd.
3 Ind he xt fmther cnactcd, That none of the said
monevs appropuated for paid buildings by this act, or here-
tofoic appropuated for the pui poses mentioned, shall be
u«ed or applied for the put poses for which they are appro-
puated, unless the «ame shall be sufficient in each ea-e to
complete the building in such case fully, and entirely ac-
complish the object lor which the appropriation m iliif act
is made And the Sccietary of the Tiearury . < hereby pro-
hibited fiom using or applying any of the moneys atoie.>aidj
in any one case, until he fhail nave made a contiact, with
such secui ity as he .-hall approve, foi the comp'ouou of the
entuc building and work m such ca««c, at a sum not exceed-
ing the sum of money appropriated and expended in such
case. And the Secict.try ot (he Trea-ury shall enter into
no eonliact, cither eondition.il or final, which shall involve
an expend'fuie, m any one case, beyond the sum appiopri-
ated and lemaimng unexpended in such case. Aud in all
cases where sui.li unexpended appropriations &hull be in-
sulncient to complete the eutue woik. in such case the
! Secretary of the Treasury shall suspend all action in re-
1 lation thereto, and shall leport to CoriTre^, on tlie fn?t
I daj- of the session, the condition of the woik in such case.
! and shall lay before Congress such plans and estimates as,
i in his judgment, may be propei for tne completion of the
I work.
[ Mr. CARLILE. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that it is not in order to receive that
I omnibus bill by way of an amendment to the bill
I proposed by the gentleman from Tsnnessce.
