516
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 12,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—The Territories—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
expounders of constitutional law, avoiding the
embarrassment of answering them.
Mr. President, the Senator to whom I first re-
ferred, as tracing the right to establish territorial
governments to the power to admit new States,
calls the act of admission the erection of a new
State. This is a grave error, and certainly much
of the reasoning of the committee indicates their
participation in it. The erection or formation of
new States, and their admission into the Union,
are separate and independent acts, the former
belonging to the people, the1 latter to Congress.
Congress may rightfully pass any laws, necessary
and proper—these are the words on the Tablet,
for carrying into effect its granted power. What
is the granted power touching new States ? It is
to admit them, and by virtue of that high trust to
make legislative provision for all the measures,
■which justly belong to that step in the career of
self-government, such, perhaps, as ascertaining
the wishes of the inhabitants, the taking of a
census, and other proceedings, having a direct
bearing upon the act of admission. Congress
cannot precedc its exercise,for an almost indefinite
period of time, by a series of measures, relating,
not to the act itself, but to the government and
institutions of a country, over which the national
legislation has no just control. Does not such
a boundless latitude of construction, to quote the
expressive language of Mr. Jefferson, "swallow
up all the delegated powers," and leave to Con-
gress to substitute its own will, under the name
of discretion, for all the safeguards of the Con-
stitution ? I find myself no clear power, even to
pass law3 for the assembling of conventions, but
it has often been done, though not always; and
as its exercise calls for no interference with the
rights of the people, but is designed to aid them
in their progress to State sovereignty, I am not
disposed to censure the practice.
In reviewing the history of our legislation over
the Territories, it is obvious, that the molding of
their own institutions by the people, whether with
a view to knowledge or to admission, has con-
stituted, neither the motive for the action of Con-
gress, nor the object it has sought to attain. It
is numbers, not political intelligence, which have
regulated the entrance of States into the Union.
When the system was commenced, each State
had one vote in Congress; and there would have
been neither justice nor policy in permitting these
small communities, with their sparse population,
to take their places as coequals in the Confed-
eracy. They had, therefore, to occupy subordi-
nate positions, till their numbers should enable
them to share the duties and«expenses, as well as
the rights, of the Union. If this condition is con-
sidered a school for the acquisition of political
knowledge, to " fit them to become members of
our great Confederacy," then there was much
injustice done to some of the scholars, or they
did great injustice to themselves, as is shown by
their respective periods of tuition; for while the
school of Ohio, under the name of a territorial
government, continued fourteen years, that of
Tennessee occupied but six years, Louisiana
seven years, ana Iowa nine years; and while Al-
abama, the most precocious of the family, under-
went but two years' "training," Michigan, it
would apfflar, the least gifted of the sisters, re-
quired thirty years in order to be prepared for the
full rights of " majority." I need not say, sir,
that all this analogical illustration is a mere effort
of the imagination, and that the change was the
result of numbers depending, for their augmenta-
tion, upon the rapidity of emigration. And as to
the agency of the people in molding their institu-
tions, as the foundation of civil government, the
idea is a pleasant one, but it will hardly bear a
close scrutiny. From the first territorial govern-
ment in 1787 to the last in 1854, there has not
been one, where the people have had the actual
control of their institutions, so as to be able to
' * mold "them agreeably to their will. In all the
earlier Territories, till within a fewyears indeed,
there was a period, called the first grade of gov-
ernment, when the laws were passed by the gov-
ernor and judges, and during which the people
had no more concern in the adminsitration of
their public affairs, executive, judicial, or legis-
lative, than they had in those of China. When
the free white male population, above the age of
twenty-one years, reached the number of five
thousand, then a Legislature was organized, con-
sisting of a House of Representatives, elected by
the people, and of a council appointed by the
President from a list furnished by the House.
I need not pursue this investigation to show
how limited was the participation, which the in-
habitants had in the management of their polit-
ical interests. After the cession of Louisiana an
act of Congress was passed, giving authority to
the President, (Mr. Jefferson,) to prescribe the
manner in which all powers, " civil, military, and
I judicial," should be exercised. A poor school
, this for the people, but a good opportunity for a
one-man "molding "of institutions. The power,
however, could not have been in safer hands. I
am well aware, sir, that these harsh examples of
congressional interference settle no questions of
constitutional law. I refer to the course of our
legislative proceedings with relation to the Ter-
ritories, to show, that the reason given by the
committee for the institution of these Govern-
ments will not fully bear out the exercise of the
i authority in a single instance. Certainly a favor-
! able change, for some time, has been going on in
our system of territorial administration. The
interference of the General Government has been
I relaxing, and the political condition of the people
I improving. And I am happy in being able to
j render   tribute of justice to the honorable
, Senator from Illinois, the chairman of the Com-
I mittee on the Territories, by saying, that he has
lent his powerful influence to these meliorations.
The latest territorial acts—those for the govern-
j ment of Kansas and Nebraska—introduced and
I most ably advocated by the Senator, are marked
' by this feature. They are more liberal, more just
j I should say, than any organic laws, that pre-
[ ceded them. They surrender the absolute veto
' of the Governor, and the supervisory power of
legislation by Congress. But even in these, and
| still more in other late acts—those for the gov-
ernment of Oregon, New Mexico, Utah, and
Washington—there are provisions incompatible
with the power of the people to form and mold
their institutions at their own pleasure, and
which make it undeniable that some other foun-
dation than this must be resorted to as a justifi-
cation for congressional action. In fact, it is
i difficult to see why this principle, if the true one,
does not carry with it the entire right of govern-
j ment, uncontrolled by any external dictation; as,
1 without exemption from interference, both in the
; Territory and elsewhere, the attainment of the
I very object alleged to be the justification for the
1 establishment of a Government may be defeated,
and their institutions prevented from being formed
and molded by the people.
I propose to review, vefy briefly, the reasons
which have recently been offered in favor of the
derivation of the power of governing the Terri-
tories from that clause of the Constitution which
I rendered the new government responsible for the
engagements of the old. During the last autumn
there was quite a flourish of trumpets, either at
the fancied discovery of this origin of congres-
i sional authority, or at the powerful arguments,
by which it was vindicated. This laudation was
behind the time; for years ago this branch of the
subject was fully considered and fairly exhausted.
But the honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] in his able and interesting remarks
upon these Kansas difficulties, to which we all
listened with so much interest and pleasure, a
short time since, presented views of this question
upon the interrogatory of the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] which met, like every-
thing which falls from him, the careful attention
of the Senate. I think the Senator was led into
error; and as that error materially affects the posi-
tions he reached, 1 consider it important to exam-
ine it, with a view to correct some of the conclu-
sions.
In the first place, it is evident to me, not less
from the subject-matter, than from the words and
the context, that the phrase, " debts contracted
and engagements entered into," was never intend-
ed to touch the exercise of political power.
In the next place, the "engagements" referred
to in the Constitution must be "valid," in order
to be obligatory by virtue of this clause. This
self-styled compact never had any claim to valid-
ity—none whatever; it was void from its initiation.
1. Because the Congress of the confederation
never had, as Mr. Madison said, " the leastcolor
of constitutional authority to establish territorial
governments," much less to make irrepealable
compacts to regulate their destiny in all time to
come. From the first word to the very last of
the Articles of Confederation, there is not one
which looks even to this power or has the remot-
est reference to it. Let him who doubts this
position, examine the Constitution of the Con-
federation, and he will soon find his doubts re-
moved.
2. A compact is an agreement—nothing more,
nothing less; "a mutual appointment, "as Johnson
says, " between two or more to do or to forbear
something."
There was evidently in the minds of the framers
of that ordinance an impression of their want of
legislative power; and they sought to supply this
defectof authority by endeavoring to convert what
should have been an act of legislation into a com-
pact or contract. Now, a contract must have two
or more parties, each assenting to the instrument
of agreement. But it is all idle to talk about the
compacts in this ordinance of 1787. The articles
so designated are destitute of the very first ele-
ments of reciprocal obligation. This arbitrary
declaration is unilateral; it never had more than
one party. That party was the Congress of the
old Confederation "overstepping its power," to
borrow again the authority of Mr. Madison. The
other party should have been the "people and
States (these are the descriptive words) of this
new Territory, where there were then no States,
and very few people. No assent was ever asked,
none was ever given, either then or since, either
expressly or by the most remote implication. Had
the land been sold to the settlers upon condition
that they should be considered as yielding their
assent to this perpetual and unchangeable obliga-
tion, such an attempt to extort an unwilling obe-
dience, and to barter great political rights and
State equality for an unworthy consideration,
though not defensible, might yet have been less
reprehensible than this open attack upon the will
of the people, the fundamental principle of the
institutions of our country. But there was no
resort to this expedient. The land was sold with-
out condition, and the compact depends for its
efficacyupon its own arbitrary authority. Itmust
be recollected that, at the time this ordinance was
passed, there were many thousands of people
living in this Territory, settlers upon the Wabash,
in the Illinois country, in the Detroit country, at
Green Bay, at Prairie du Chie*, and elsewhere,
little colonies scattered over this extensive region,
mostly relics of French enterprise; and they were
all entitled by the treaty of peace to the privileges
of American citizens. And still more it was de-
clared in the deed of cession of Virginia; and as
one of the conditions, that they should be "pro-
tected in tlw enjoyment of their rights and privi-
leges." A precious kind of protection that, which
inaugurated a new government by a falsely-styled
compact, perpetually binding this transferred pop-
ulation to the most solemn obligations, without
their assent, and even without their knowledge.
These ancient inhabitants of the country consti-
tuted the counter party, then actually existing;
and this compact, by a kind of legislative leger-
demain, was made forever binding upon them and
their descendants. Why, sir, if there had been
iiut one man in that country, instead of the thou-
sands who occupied it, he would not have been
bound by a contract, he knew nothing of, and to
which his assentwas never asked. As to making
a contract tfjth unborn States and millions, by the
simple act of a foreign body, constituting itself
one of the parties, and acting for the other, and
without demanding its assent, now or hereafter,
for all time to come, had we not witnessed the
zeal with which this utter contempt of all the
principles of law and ethics is maintained and de-
fended, we might well doubt whether a single
man could be found to contend for such a mon-
strous usurpation.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Georgia, in discussing this branch of the subject,
and in alluding to the transfer of the territorial
governments from the Confederation to the Con-
stitution, remarked that "by that Constitution
