528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
lution, which concerns a very important question,
and which I give notice I shall call up to-morrow:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
directed to consider the expediency of some act of legisla-
tion, having the concurrence of both Houses of Congress,
by which the treaty with Denmark, regulating the payment
of sound dues, may be effectively abiogated, in conformity
with the requirements of the Constitution, under which
every treaty is a part of " the supreme law of the land,"
and in conformity with the practice of the Government in
such cases; and especially to consider if such legislation
be not necessary forthwith, m order to supply a defect m
the nouce of the purpose of the United States to abrogate
the said treaty, which the President has undertaken to give
to Denmark, without the authority of an act of Congress,
and m disregard of the function of the House of Repre-
sentatives, in the abrogation of all existing laws.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Sidney Webster, Esq.,
Iiis Secretary, transmitting, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the .25tn instant, the
correspondence which has taken place between
this Government and that of Great Britain in
regard to the enlistment of soldiers within the
United States, by the agents and officers of the
latter, for the British army.
Mr. MASON. The papers communicated are
the correspondence arid documents called for by
the late resolution of the Senate, in rcfcrence to
the matters pending between this Government and
"that of Great Britain. They are not very volu-
minous. It is known that the country is looking
for then* publication with some interest. I move,
therefore, that five thousand copies, in addition
to the usual number, be printed, of which one
thousand shall be for the use of the Department
of State, and the residue for the Senate. I pre-
sume it will be necessary to communicate them
not only to our Ministers abroad, but to consuls
at important points; and therefore 1 ask for so
large a number for the State Department.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, hy Mr. Webster, his Secretary, an-
nounced that he had signed the following bills
and joint resolutions of the Senate:
A resolution for the appointment of Regents of
the Smithsonian Institution.
A resolution to supply a deficiency in the ap-
propriations for printing for the second session
of the Thirty-Third Congress.
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas- i
ury to change the name of the French-built brig
Vigie to Minnie.
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Freedom of the United States be re-
quested, if, in his opinion, it be not incompatible with the
public interest, to inform the Senate whether any oiYm has
been made by ihc Government of Great Britain to the Gov-
ernment of the (Jutted States to refer to the aibitramcnt
of some (iiemliy Power, or otherwise, the question in dif-
ference between the two Government? on the construction
of the convention of the 4th of July, 1850, with anv cor-
lcspondcnee touching or concerning such proposed ailu-
tration.
The President, in his annual message, commu-
nicated to both Houses of Congress the corre-
spondence connected with the matter of difference
in relation to that treaty and the affairs connected
with Central America. Upon an examination of
that correspondence and of those documents, we j
find nothing of any kind showing that such an i
offer had been made, on the part of Great Britain, i
to this Government. We know that it has been I
officially stated in the House of Lords, m England, j
by the Secretary for Foreign Affairs there, that J
such an offer was made. On a former occasion I ;
smd, m reply to a question of a Senator, thatiuy !
impression was, that uo such offer had been made; •
that U was not improbable that some suggestion j
of that character had been incidentally or unofti- '
ciolly made to the Minister of the United States
in England, on the part of the British Govern- j
ment, but which had gone no further. Now, sir, !
if the fact be, that the Government of England, •
through its organ, has announced to the world 1
that such an offer had been made in terms, and !
not having been accepted that it had been re-
newed, it becomes important to tho Uue history I
of the case, that we should know whether such '
unofficial and incidental conversation has been -
characterized by the British Minister as an offer \
to arbitrate, to be accepted or rejected on our part. ;
I ask that we may have the resolution consid-
ered at once, in order that, if practicable, the in-
formation (if the President should communicate
it) may go to the world along with the corre-
spondence which he has just sent in.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BIGLER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
purchase of a suitable site, and for the erection of
proper buildings, for the United States court and
post office in the city of Philadelphia.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GEYER,in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Interior to approve
the accounts of the marshal for the district of Mis-
souri, for furniture provided for the use of the
circuit court of the United States for said district,
at the April term of said court, held at St. Louis
in the year 1854; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. BRODHEAD, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill to provide for the improvement of the navi-
gation of the Ohio river; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. FISH. I wish to make a remark in refer-
ence to something which fell from me yesterday,
in the course of debate on the fortification bill.
In order to show some of the reasons of my desire
for the delay or postponement of that bill, I referred
to the fact that I had offered a resolution some time
since, calling on the War Department for informa-
tion with regard to the necessity of some fortifi-
cation m the neighborhood of New York, to which
no reply hud been received. In the course of the
debate, I also said that another resolution of in-
quiry had been answered within a very few days
after its adoption. I am not surprised, Mr.
President, that an inference was drawn from that
remark that there had been some local preference
in favor of one place over another. I confess at
that time such was my impression. I have reason
now to know that in that I was mistaken. The
resolution which I offered is under consideration
by the Department, and the delay in answering it
arises from the inherent difficulties of the case.
The one resolution, relating to an undefended
coast, was easily answered; the other, relating to
the completion of a system of fortifications, of
which mnny have already been made, required,
as I am told, much consideration and examination.
I am assured that that alone is the cause for the
delay in answering the resolution which I sub-
mitted with regard to the defenses in the neigh-
borhood of New York. I therefore desire to make
this explanation, in justice to the gentleman at the
head of the War Department, for whom I enter-
tain high respect; and I am very happy to be able
to relieve him from any imputations which might
have arisen from the remarks which I made, of
having a preference for one locality over another.
AFFAIRS IN KANSAS.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, the Senate resumed
the consideration of Mr. WelleiTs motion to
print ten thousand extra copies of the President's
message of February 18, with the accompanying
documents, relative to affairs in the Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. HALE being entitled to the floor, addressed
the Senate at great length, going into a history
of the subject from the introduction of the Kansas
bill to the present time, and sparing none who
were concerned in advocating the measure. [His
speech will he found m the Appendix.]
Mr. TOOMBS defended the course of the Pres-
ident in issuing his proclamation. His remarks ,
will be published hereafter in the Appendix. ;
Mr. BUTLER. This is the third time I have ;
risen to make some explanation m relation to '
General Atchison,in connection with the subject!
before the Senate. I cannot do it this evening. !
It would occupy me, perhaps, half an hour. I '
would, therefore, suggest the propriety of pest- ■
pomng this subject until Monday next. j
Mr. SUMNER. A special order has already i
been fixed for Monday. j
Mr. WELLER. On Monday next the ques-1
tion of the seat of the Senator from Illinois will
come up for consideration.
Mr. BUTLER. Then I will name Wednesday
next. I think there has been a decided misrepre-
sentation of General Atchison, and it is proper
for me to say a few words in his vindication. I
will name any day for that purpose that is agree-
able to the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD, and others. Say Wednesday
next. *
Mr. BUTLER. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until Wednesday
next, and make it the special order for that day.
The motion was agreed to.
RECONSIDERATION OF ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. MASON. A motion Was adopted this
morning that when the Senate adjourns to-day it
be to meet on Monday next. I have the consent
of the gentleman who made that motion, for rea-
sons satisfactory to me, to ask for the reconsid-
eration of that vote, in order that the Senate may
sit to-morrow. The reason for making this mo-
tion is, that there are some matters affecting our
foreign intercourse which it is important should
be acted on to-morrow; and therefore I ask that
the Senate shall assemble then.
Mr. WELLER. We can have an executive
session to-day.
Mr. MASON. The business to which I
allude must be done in open session. If I were at
liberty to disclose it to the Senate I am sure the
Senate could be satisfied with it.
The PRESIDENT. * The question is on the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. BIGLER called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken resulted—
yeas 26, nays 9—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Adams, Allen, Benjamin, Bigler, Brod-
head, Butler, Clay, Evans, Fi<h. Houston, Hunter, James,
Johnson, Jones ot Iowa, Mailoiy, Mason, Pugh, Reid,
Rusk, Sebastian, Rewind, rflidell, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toncey, Wollor, and Yulee—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Crittenden, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hale,
Jones ot Tennessee, Pearce, Trumbull, and Wade—-9.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurred upon the adoption of the
motion, that, when the Senate adjourns to-day it
be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. MASON. I desire to say to the Senate,
that I think it desirable that there should be a
session to-morrow, in order to have printed some
additional documents which we may receive from
the Exeeutive,and which it is desirable should be
printed to go along with those which have already
been printed.
Mr. FISH. I wish to ask the Senator from
Virginia whether his object will not be attained
by making an order, which has, I believe, the
precedent of the former action of the Senate, that
when the documents to which he alludes shall be
received the Secretary may have them printed?
Mr. MASON. I think it would be better that
we should subject ourselves to some inconveni-
ence rather than incur the risk of any irregularity.
The call which was made by a resolution adopted
to-day is the one which I expect,to be answered
to-morrow; though of course it will be in the
executive discretion to do so or not.
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose it will be a matter
of course to make the order for printing to-
monow the documents alluded to by the Senator
from Virginia; and, if that is all the business
which is to come before us to-morrow, it will
not be necessary for more of us to come here
than sufficient to form a quorum.
Mr. MASON. It is of course very desirable
to have a quorum—nothing more.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 28, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry C. Deam.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the State Department, transmit-
ting a copy of a letter from Captain Thomas A.
Dornin, of the United States Navy, and of the
documents referred to therein, respecting a claim
of Charles L. Denman, the United States Consul
at Acapulco, for relief afforded to two American
