518
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 12,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—The Territories—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
of national independent existence, like sover-
eignty, which carry with them coequal rights
among the Powers of the world, but which confer
no authority upon any department of our Govern-
ment, unless written down in the Constitution,
are appealed to as grants of substantive power,
to be exercised at the will of Congress. There
is no general grant of the right of legislation in
the Constitution. Its provisions on that subject
are as cautious, as they are wise and clear. ' 'All
legislative power herein granted," says our
Charter, " shall be vested in a Congress;" and
then follows the enumeration of its powers, with
the declaration that all powers not granted are
reserved, &c.
The word'' sovereign " is not to be found in the
Constitution, and yet it is pressed into hourly and
daily service in the investigation of our relations
with the Territories, on one side to justify the
exercise of unlimited congressional power, and
on the other to prove that, as the Territories are
not sovereign, the people living there have no
political privileges. Strange deductions these, in
a government of limited powers and of equal
rights! And the Committee on the Territories
in their report, speak of the "sovereignty of a
Territory remaining in abeyance, suspended in
trust for the people till admitted," &c.; and, if I
understood correctly the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] in his remarks the
other day, he approved ana adopted these posi-
tions, and perhaps I should do so too, if I com-
prehended them, but, as I do not, my incredulity
may be pardoned. It seems to me, that this trans-
fer to our Government, of some of the technical
niceties of the English common law, which glad-
dened the hearts of Coke and his school in the
days of legal metaphysics, is to mistake equally
our age and our country. The simple fact repels
all these subtilties. That fact is, that no one
claims sovereignty for the Territories, or, in other
words, no one claims that they are independent
nations. That attribute, with respect to them, is
not in abeyance; it is not in existence any more
than their membership of the Union or any other
power depending ultimately on admission. When
admission comes, it confers these powers and con-
ditions; until that time it is a mere act of fancy to
suppose they are existing, and must be held by
somebody,'in trust for somebody else, lest they
perish. They may never come into existence, for
that depends on a state of things, which may not
happen; such as the amount of the population, the
wishes of the people, &c. All these nice and
learned distinctions give no jurisdiction to Con-
gress. If they did, they would make that body
what the Constitution has not made it, a kind of
reservoir, holding all that is given, and all that can
be taken. There is no such power in the book.
You can find in the Constitution no recognition of
sovereignty in Congress, nor, if there were, is any
grant of power attached to that condition. That
mstrumentgrants authority to Congress to declare
war. If that authority were not thus delegated,
will any man venture to assert, that.Congress
might assume it by virtue of the sovereignty of
the nation ?
In the people of the United States resides the
sovereignty of this country; and we may go to
the elementary writers to ascertain what rights
that high attribute gives to us among the Powers
of the world; but we must go to the Constitution
of the United States to ascertain what depart-
ment of the Government, if any, can exercise
those rights; and if we do not find it written down
there, tlie power belongs to the States or to the
people. And I have recently seen speculations
m some of the public journals which show that
this constitutional fallacy has " increased, is
increasing, and ought to be diminished." The
following extract turnishes proof of its extent:
"We cannot conceive how any doubt can arise as to the
full, perfect, unlimited, and sovereign power of the Federal
Government over the Territory of Kansas as the agent or
trustee of the existing States." * * * "These
fe tales can only exercise their sovereign, administrative,
and governmental rights through the instrumentality of the
territorial governments."
Full, perfect, unlimited sovereign power! Large
words these, and large would be their extent.
They carry with them Wilmot provisoes, and
every other tyrannical infliction it may please the
calculation or the caprice of Congress to visit upon
the people; and all this power comes not from the
Constitution, but " from the purchase of Louisi-
ana, and the subsequent extinction of the Indian
titles," which gave us the territory " to dispose
of and govern as we pleased, for the common
benefit of all the States." I suppose the Consti-
tution gives the right of foreign acquisition, and
that it is derived from the treaty-making power.
When territory is acquired, it comes under the
operation of the Constitution, and Congress must
go to that expressed will of the American people
to ascertain its powers, before it can exercise
them. This annotator maintains that acquisition
gives Congress the power of disposal ana of gov-
ernment. It gives the title, but the power to dis-
pose of the " property" is expressly given by the
Constitution; and had it not been so given, it
could not have been exercised, while the power
of Government is an omitted case, unless, indeed,
it is an incident to a granted one, and is not to be
supplied by attributes and analogies.
These views, sir, previously announced, as we
have seen, by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Har-
lan,] and as establishing the right of Congress
to prohibit slavery in the Territories, arc also
announced in one of the most respectable and
justly-esteemed journals in our country, though
certainly with no concurrence in that conclusion.
But how it is to be avoided I know not, and can-
not conjecture.
In the days of the patriarchs of the Democratic
faith—of the great teachers in the school of strict
construction—such a derivation of the authority
of the General Government would have been de-
nounced, as a dangerous heresy. Jefferson, and
Madison, and Taylor, and Mason, and their po-
litical coadjutors, went to the Constitution for the
powers of Congress, and not to the code of Na-
poleon, nor to the code of Powhatan, or Pontiac,
or Tecumseh. And these and other pretensions
I have not time to examine — to enumerate even, >
and which hardly need refutation, abound in the
debates and discussions, which this subject, pro-
lific in heresies, hp.s called forth. I leave them,
not in their strength, but in their weakness, and
proceed to say that, if the power to regulate and
sell land—for this is the grant, and all the grant—
conveys full legislative authority over this prop-
erty, and over all persons living, not only upon
it, but in the same region of country, making man
the mere incident of property—never were words
more unhappily chosen, and never was a charac-
ter for clearness and perspicuity, which has been
heretofore universally accorded to the phraseology
of the Constitution, more unjustly acquired. Tne
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] has
attempted, as others have attempted before him,
to derive full legislative power from the words
" rules and regulations," because, being enacted
by legislative authority, they are, in effect, laws.
I am not going, sir, into the subtilty of this in-
vestigation. All I have to say is, that the very
fact that the convention provided for the adoption
of rules and regulations respecting the public land
is a strong presumption that there was something
different from the ordinary exercise of legislative
power. When they provided for legislation over
the District of Columbia, and the reservations of
the United States, they did not call it rules and
regulations, but they called it by the proper term,
legislation, conveying as it did, full jurisdiction
over American citizens, and all the concerns of
life. The convention used the terms " rules and
regulations" because they did not grant general
powers of legislation, but power to govern and
regulate the property of the United States. The
intelligence of the convention would be but little
esteemed if, at the commencement of the Consti-
tution, instead of the present provision, that " all
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested,"
&c., they had said that all the powers to make
rules and regulations herein granted shall be vested,
&c.; or if, instead of the enactment of the eighth
article, that "this Constitution and the laws of
the United States which shall be made," &c.,
'.'shall be the supreme law of the land," it had
been declared that this Constitution, and the rules
and regulations which shall be made, &c., shall
be the supreme rule and regulation of the land.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
indulge me in an inquiry ?
Mr. CASS. A short one.,
Mr. SEWARD. I have often heard, and I
always take pleasure in hearing, the Senator
from Michigan speak on this subject, denying
that the power to create territorial governments
is derived from that provision of the Constitution
which authorizes Congress to make needful rules
and regulations for the disposition of the terri-
tory, and contending that the word "territory"
was not there used politically. I have never been
fortunate enough to hear the honorable Senator
allude to an argument on that subject, which I
think is very strongly against him, derived from
one of the numbers of the Federalist. If he has
it in the line of his remarks, I will say nothing
about it. If hp has not, I will call his attention
to it.
Mr. CASS. I have already such a task before
me, that I have enough to do. I do not depend
on the Federalist in the present argument, but on
the Constitution. I shall touch directly the
exercise of this power; but 1 ask the honorable
Senator from New York, in his place now, if the
word "territory" in the Constitution means a
political-Territory? If the power of governing
the Territories is derived from the authority to
dispose of land, how can you exercise the power
where you have no land ?
Mr. SEWARD. I was going to say to the
honorable Senator, that the argument of Mr
Madison, in one of the numbers of the Federalist,
describing, as an assumption, the exercise by the
old Continental Congress of a power to establish
governments in the Territories, implies in terms
that the whole territory of the United States was
regarded as a stock for financial operations of the
Government, but at the same time that political
government was assumed and exercised over it
by the United States, in connection with this stock
operation, which seems to me to show that the
Constitution, when adopted, transferred, in the
language of the Federalist on that subject, the
idea of political sovereignty as well as of prop-
erty in the land.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator is entirely
mistaken. I stand on ground which is perfectly
incontrovertible. Mr. Madison never made such
a proposition, as intimating the existence of po-
litical power over the Territories in the Congress
of the Confederation—I say so, without looking
at the book- Mr. Madison contended that the
Congress of the Confederation never had the
slightest authority to establish governments in
the Territories. He said that it was assumed.
Mr. SEWARD. That is what I say.
Mr. CASS. I understood the honorable Sena-
tor to say that they had power transferred to this
Government.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator does
not understand me. I say that Mr. Madison
spoke of their having assumed the power; but
the argument in which he shows that that was
an assumption or usurpation throws strong light
on the language of the Constitution, and goes to
show that Mr. Madison regarded the clause, with
respect to the authority to " dispose of the terri-
tory or other property," as including the idea of
government as well as the disposition of the
public domain.
Mr. CASS. I repeat the honorable Senator
from New York istotally mistaken. The ground
of Mr. Madison was, that the Congress of the
Confederation had no such right—that they as-
sumed it as an act of necessity. He said that
necessity alone justified them, and that there was
not a word of complaint in regard to it. They
assumed it as an act of necessity, which is the
very excuse for which I have always contended,
under this Government. I will show presently
exactly what Mr. Madison said; I nave his
words in my notes, and shall come to them di-
rectly.
I will merely add, Mr. President, that the word
"Territories, inserted in the eighteenth clause of
the eighth section of the first article ot the Con-
stitution, which grants legislative power to Con-
gress over the District of Columbia and over the
reservations or cessions for forts, &c., in the sev-
eral States, would have conveyed all the rights
of government, and would have placed the rela-
tions between these political communities and the
national Legislature beyond doubt or dispute;
and so would seven words, "Congress shall exer-
