1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mw
mo^t affluent persons of these islands—who distributes tile
donations which have been tramnntted to him from various
commies, in ailicles of food, witli such prudence, that,
wlu.st making use of them for all who required tliem, only
those receive them gratuitously who, from their acknowl-
edged poveity, are m such circumstances that they must
be'given; and all those paying money who, though without
food, have nevertheless the means of purchasing; the
pioduct reverting in benefit to the same poor, procuring for
them otnei kind-, of food, by which means the poor and
sick are not (iet'iauded of the alms which should only be
applied and distributed to them.
Notwithstanding al! tins, it is possible, and perhaps cer-
tain, couriering the small pecuniary means which the
GovernorGcncral of this province has at his disposal to aid
in this great calamity, that, if these people are not promptly
sueeoted by public charity, more than twenty thousand
persons will perish, victims of famine. This idea is dread-
ful, and sufficient to move the compassion, not to say the
tender heart of your Excellency, and of all the American
nation, whose great generosity and philanthropy i> well
known to this people by the evident proofs they have re-
ceived in circumstances identical with those in which they
now find themselves; for the relief they received 1111832 is
ever piesent to their inemoiics, and graven on their hearts.
i beseech your Excellency, therefore, to use your influ-
ence for the benefit of these people, opening a subscription
in your diocese, and entreating the oilier mo-.t woithy
Bishops of the United States of America, with all benev-
olent people, to imitate the example ot your Excellency in
their diocesscs, so as to minister to the extieme necessity
of these people, some of whom have actually sustained
themselves on the flesh of animals extremely prejudicial to
health; also on the stalks of the banana and papacira,
which are equally injurious. I, as well as all these peo-
ple, will never cease to implore the Father ot" Mercy to
bestow on your Excellency, and on all the American nation,
his grace, liis blessing, and Ins benefits. God pieserve your
Excellency. PATRICIO, Bishop of Cape de Verdes.
Most Excellent and Reverend John Hughes, Jlrchbvltoy
of New York.
Villa, de Praia, Island of St. J ago, March 12,1S5G.
The question being on suspending the rules
for thfi purpose of introducing the foregoing res-
olution,
Mr. CRAIGE callcd for the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BALL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jewett and
Edie were appointed.
The House was divided;and the tellers reported
—ayes 96, noes 24.
So, two thirds having voted therefor, the rules
were suspended, and the joint resolution was
introduced, and read a first and second time.
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time, and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question being on the passage of the reso-
lution,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 desire to inquire whether
this resolution only proposes to detail seamen
from the Navy, to be placed under the command
nf the donors? It does not propose, I believe,
to detail officers. I think that, if the men should
go, the officers should go.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move to amend the resolution, so as to require the
vessel to bring back as many of these people as
wish to come to this country, where they can be
fed' ...
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been
ordered to be engrossed, and amendments are
therefore precluded.
Mr. JCELLY. This resolution, Mr. Speaker,
merely proposes to relieve these poor people in
those islands, who are now in a state of starva-
tion on account of the blight to their vine crop;
and it is astonishing to me that any member of
this House should object to a resolution of this
kind. It asks no appropriation of money; it does
not ask Congress to subscribe a single dollar
towards relieving them. The generous citizens
of New York have come forward and held a
meeting at the Exchange, in that city, and agreed
to load a vessel with provisions for the use of
hese destitute people of the Cape de Verds, who
are now living oil the bark of trees, the stalks of
bananas, and°anything else they can pick up to
save thcmsclvesfrom utter starvation. Therefore I
trust that there will be no objection from any gen-
tleman in this House to the resolution presented
by my colleague. It merely asks that a crew of
United States seamen may be given to navigate
the vessel, in order that relief may reach those
poor people in time to save them from impending
destruction. It is not much that is asked, and
we ought, I think, cheerfully grant it, I call lor
the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw his call; I have only a word
of reply to what he has said.
Mr. KELLY. I withdraw the call, provided
the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. SMITH. I will. I would not have said
a word if the gentleman from New York had not
expressed very great surprise that any person
should indicate opposition to this measure. I
trust I feel as lively a sentiment of humanity as
any other gentleman on this floor; but, air, I do
recognize, although this is not a great matter to
be sure—I do recognize sincerely and heartily a
deep impression of our being convened here under
limited powers. I have always been under the
impression that, under the Constitution of the
United States, this House only had the right to
exercise certain specific powers; and this is not
one of them.
If this be a case of real charity I am willing to
give something from my private means, limited
as they are; but I ask gentlemen if there is any
power in the Constitution to do this thing ? The
gentleman says that it is only to supply a crew.
I ask if it is not protanto a donation of money?
But, first of all, I want to know—I do not care
about the amount—how 1 can, having taken an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, do any official act recognizing the exist-
ence with us of a power not granted by that in-
strument ?
Mr. MILLSON. Will my colleague allow me
to make «n inquiry of him?
Mr. SMITH. Certainly.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 ask my colleague whether
he thinks there was any constitutional objection
to allowing American seamen to go in search of
Sir John Franklin? And also, whether American
men of war, when at sea, do not frequently sup-
ply provisions to distressed mariners?
Mr. GALLOWAY. I object to this debate. It
is out of order. The roll was being called, and
there was a response.
The SPEAKER. Such is the fact. There has
been a response. The matter had escaped the
attention of the Chair, or he would have declared
the debate to be out of order.
Mr SMITH. The gentleman from New York
took the floor, made some remarks, and then
called for the previous question. He withdrew
that call at my request.
The SPEAKER. It had escaped the attention
of the Chair that there was a response in the call
of the roll. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 24; as follows:
VEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Ball, Baibour,
Bell, Benson, Billmgliurot, Bingham, Bliss, Bocock, Brad-
shavv. Brento'u, Brooin, Butihuon, Builiugame, James H.
Campbell, John 1>. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Garble,
Cliafiee, Clawson, Colfax, Coimns, Cragin, Cullen, Cum-
back, Denver, Dicta, Dickson, Dodd, Jlowdell, Durfee,
Edie, Edwards, Elliot, Emuo, Eustts, Evans, Faulkner,
Flagler, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Callow ay, Gidchngs, Gilbert, Grangei, Greenwood, Harlan,
J. Mornson Harris, Herbert, Hickman, Hodman, Ilolloway,
Thomas R. Ilorton, Valentine 11- Horton, Uughston, J.
Giancy Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Knapp, Kmght, Knowlton,
Kunkel, Matteson, Slaxwell,Meaehani, Killian Miller, Mill-
son, Morgan, Morrill, Mmray, Andiew Oliver, Parker, Pel-
ton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike. Pringle, I'urviance,
Puivear, lticaud, Richardson, Ritchie, Itivers, Roberts,
Saliin,Sandidge,Sapp, Savage, Scott, Simmons, Samuel A.
Smith, William It. Smith, fc-need, Stanton, Stephens btran-
ahan, Swope, Talbott, Tappan, Taylor,Thoririgton,Thurs-
ton, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Underwood, Wakcman, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Walker, Cadvvaladei C. Washbuine,
Israel Washburn, Watkins, Watson, Welsh, Williams,
Woodruff, Woodivorth, and John V. Wright—123.
NAYS —Messrs. llarksdalc, Blanch, Cadwalader, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Davidson. Edmundson,
Goode, Grew, Sampson W. Harris, George W .Jones, Keitt,
Letcher, Luinpkm, Alexander K. Maisliall, Motiueon,
Smith Miller, Phelps, Rullin, William Smith, Warner,
Wnlslow, and Daniel B. Wnght—24.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Pending the above call,
Mr. JEWETT said: My pair with Mr. Leiter
has not yet expired, otherwise I would cheerfully
vote for the resolution.
Mr. RIVERS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Ready, had paired off for the next two weeks
with Mr. McCartv.
Mr. GREENWOOD said; Mr. Speaker, my
colleague, Mr. Rust, is still absent, and by an
arrangement with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, Mr. Bufkinjton, my colleague is paired
oft'with the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr.
Hali., for another week
MESSAGE PROM THE PEESIDiENT-
A message in writing, was received from the
President ofthe United States, by Sidney Web- -
ster, his Private Secretary. V
Also, a message notifying the House'thatth®'
President had approved "and signed an act grant-
ing public lands in alternate sections^© the States
of Florida and Alabama, to aid in the construction 1
oi certain railroads in said States. "'
AFFAIRS IN KANSAS.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to introduce the
following resolutions:
Resolved, That the President of the UnitedStatesbe re-
quested to inform the House whether iter has any informa-
tion, official oi otherwise, of the murder of three American
citiaens, named Dow, Barbour, and Brown, residing in the
Territory of Kansas; whether any legal steps have fteeri
taken by the United States districtattorney, or any other offi-
cer, for the legal investigation thereof and the prosecution of
the murderers. Also, whether he has any information in
regard to the forcible abduction of William Phillips, tin
American citizen, residing in the Territory of Kansas, and
of his being earned across to the State of Missouri, and
theretaired and feathered; and whether any steps have
been taken by the officers of the United States in that Ter-
ritory for the prosecution of the persons engaged in said
outrage; also, whether he has any information in regard to
the tarring and feathering, at the town of Atehison, in said
Territory, on the 30tli day of April last, of Rev. Pardee
Butler, a Methodist minister, and a citizen of the United
States, residing in said Territory of Kansas; and whether'
any steps have been taken by tile United States-officers in
that Territory for the prosecution of the persons engaged
in said outrage; also, whether he has any information in w
regard to the Shooting of a Mr. Mace, with attempt to" kitt,1"
after he had given testimony before the investigating com-
mission of this House.
Resoloei, That the President be requested, ifany special
instructions for the protection and preservantion of Ameri-
can citizens in that Territory from outrage, violence, and
murder, have been issued to the United States district at-
torney thereof, to lay the same before this House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is there in the
resolutions any request for all information re-
ceived in reference to the murder of Sheriff Jones,
and what steps have been taken to arrest the mur-
derer or murderers?
Mr. GALLOWAY. There is not; but I ac-
cept it as a modification of my resolutions.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to the resolutions.^ I
am opposed to such a string of nonsense being
introduced here by anybody for any purpose. ■
Mr. GALLOWAY. I move a suspension of
the rules for the purpose of introducing the reso-
lutions.
Mr. CARLILE demanded the yeas and-nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOM. Mr. Speaker, I would inquire
whether that which is asked for by these resolu-
tions is not already provided for by the commis-
sion lately sent to Kan sas by this House ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order on a
motion to suspend the rules.
The question was taken, and there were—yeas
102, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bocock,
Boyee, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffmton, Burlmgame, karnes
II. Campbell, Lewis D.Campbell, Chaffee, Clawson, Cling-
man, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Cragin,
Cumback, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfoe, Edie, Edwards,
F.mrie, English, Flagler, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gal-
lowav, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Harlan, J. Mor-
rison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Haven, Hickman, Hol-
loway, Thomas R. Ilorton, Valentine B. Horton. Hughston,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Kunkel, Mace, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Matteson, Maxwell, Meacliatn, Killian Miller, Mill-
sou, Morgan, Mori ill, Murray, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck,
Pelton, Pennington, Periy, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Puryiance,
Roberts, Sabm, Sandidge, Sapp, Scott, Simmons, William
Smi'li, Stanton, Stephens, Strauahan, Tappan, Ihoring-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tnppe, Tyson, Wakeman,
Walbrid"e, Waldron, Walker, Cadwalader C. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Woodruff, and
Woodwortll—102. . ,, .
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Bell, Branch,Brooks,
Broom, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carhle, Howell
Cobb, Cox, Craige, Cullen, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell,
fidnmndson, Elliott, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence,
Goode, Greenwood, Herbert, George W. Jones, J. Giancy
Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mc&ueen,
Smith Miller, Pame, Phelps, Puryear, Ricaud. Divers,
Rullin, Savage, Samuel A. Smith, WilliamR. Smith, Sneed,
Stewait, Talbott, Taylor, Underwood, Warner, Wiuslow,-
Daniel IS. Wright, and John V. Wright—55.
So, two thirds not voting therefor, the rules
were not suspended.
Pending the call of the roll, ; . " ..
Mr. W'ATSON stated that, under his paif, he
did not feel at liberty to vote.
MESSAGE FROM THE se'vATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
