2130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 15,
bo when the committee reports whether the Sen-
ator is entitled to a seat or not.
-Mr. HARLAN. I understand the question to
be on the reference of the papers in this case to
the .Judiciary Committee-. I have a right to ob-
ject to being tried by that committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is the
hour assignedlor the special order to-day. It is
the duty of the Chair to call the special order at
the hour appointed. The Chair (Sid not decide
that it is not in the power of the Senate to post-
pone the special order. Amajorityof the Senate
may postpone the question now pending. There
is no doubt about tnat.
Mr. HUNTER. That is the motion I sub-
mitted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
motion before the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I raise a point of order, that
a question of privilege is a question which must
be heard, and that it is not competent for the
Senate to postpone it by a mere majority vote.
The PRESIDENT y>ro tempore. It was heard
yesterday, and appointed for to-day at one
o'clock. The Chair decides that it is in the
power of the Senate to postpone the consideration
of the question to any time they may see proper.
Mr BAYARD. I certainly have not the
slightest objection to the reference of the question
of the right of the honorable Senator from Iowa to
his seat, to any pthercommittee than the Judiciary
Committee. On personal grounds I should be
Ferfeotly satisfied to have it go elsewhere, though
cannot say much for the courtesy of the act
which seeks, on the part, of the individual him-
self, without just ground, to impliedly impute to
the members of tnat committee prejudice, or a
disposition to do wrong. He docs that when he
seeks to withdraw from a standing committee of
the Senate that which appropriately belongs to
them, and hitherto, in the course of our proceed-
ings, has always been referred to them—the right
of a member to a seat. "With such an objection,
however, I trust the Senate will appoint a select
committee. I have no desire to pass judgment
on the honorable Senator.
Mr. HUNTER. The question is on post-
poning the tmbjrct.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand the question is
on postponement; hut the honorable Senator from
Iowa claimed the right to object to the Commit-
tee on the judiciary, lie has no right to object
to a committee, except on the ground of personal
prejudice on the part of its members. Jf that
f round is taken I ask for no proof; but so far as
am concerned, the. moment it is raised 1 desire
that a select committee should be appointed.
The question being taken on the postponement,
by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 27, nays 18; as
follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Alton, Bayard, Henjnmin, Bi^s, Bigtor,
Bright, Biodhwul, Biown, Butler, Dodge, Douglas, Evan«,
Filstpatriek, Gcycr, Houston, Hunter, Ivnwon, Marion,
Peatoe, Pugh, Sebastian, Bhdclt, Stuart, Thompson ol
Kentucky, Toombs, Welter, and Wright—*27.
NAYH—MushM. Bull of New Hampshire, Belt of Ton-
nO'-iM't*., Clayton, t'niiamer, Cntu'iub'ti, Durkee, l<Vli, Foot,
Foster, Hale, Hut Ian, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee,
Seward, Trumbull, Wade, Wdr>on, and Valce—-ly.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Ovu.om, their Clerk,
returning to the Senate the bill entitled, " An act
for the relief of William H. Chase," in compli-
ance with their request.
Also announcing the passage by the House of
a bill (H. R. No. 301) authorizing the establish-
ment of a military depot on RIythe Island, at
Brunswick, on the coast of Georgia, and for
other j:>urposes.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BIU.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
"Whole, the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
201) making appropriations for certain civil ex-
penses of the Government, for the year ending
June 30, 1837, and for other purposes.
Mr. WELLER. I have an amendment to
offer by the authority of the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
i'or the construction of a powder magazine for the naval
service at Mare Island, California, the sum of $119,300.
Mr. HUNTER. That was an item rejected
by the House, and by the committee of confer-
ence on the naval appropriation bill. I do not
see the use of trying it again, for the House
rejected it, and our committee of conference gave
it up.
Mr. WELLER. I stated yesterday that the
House had stricken out this amendment from
our Navy appropriation bill, because they had no
estimate for it from the Department. They acted
Very properly in that respect. The committee
of conference, in arranging the points of dis-
Eute, threw this overboard. That is true; but I
elieve the House of Representatives, with a
knowledge of the facts and the estimate before
them, would not hesitate to make the appropria-
tion. Every one will see at once the necessity of
having a powder magazine on the Pacific coast.
You have a navy-yard there, and have a consid-
erable number of armed vessels no w on the Pacific,
and you are compelled to make powder magazines
out of your vessels. It may do for two years,
or some say three years, to keep powder on these
vessels; but I do not think it proper to convert
your vessels there into magazines. You must
have a magazine there, and you may as well
commence it now as any other time. I have the
estimates here, with the recommendation of the
Navy Department, addressed to the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to say, in support of
this amendment, that if there is any place in the
world where we want a powder magazine, I am
very sure it is on the Pacific side of the continent,
for that is the only place where we are exposed
to an enemy. I think our amendment to the
Navy appropriation bill for this object could not
have been understood by the House of Represent-
atives or it would have been concurred 111.
Mr. WELLER. I have a short note of the
Secretary of the Navy, which I will read:
" I take tile liberty of sending an estimate tor a powder
magazine at the navy-yard in California. It was omittcit in
the oiisinal estimate, but is deemed important, as the Navy
lias no place for the depo.-it and safe-keeping of powder on
that coast."
Mr. FISH. I do not understand that the ob-
jection of the House to this appropriation was
the want of an estimate. The difficulty, as I
understand, grew out of the idea, which I believe
to be well founded, that the title of the United
States to the island on which the San Francisco
navy-yard is situated is not yet settled. There
is u conflicting title. It was suggested yesterday
by a leading member of the House that he was
under the impression that the land commissioners
had decided that claim favorably to the claimant
and adverse to the United States. It is true an
appeal yet lies lioni that decision. There was
another idea presented, on which the committee
of conference on the part of the Senate yielded:
that there is now a powder magazine at Benicia.
It is true, that belongs to the Army; but so far as
the immediate necessities of that coast are con-
cerned, it will answer the purpose. Besides, very
little can be done before the next session of Con-
gress with this appropriation, and by that time it
is to be presumed the question of title to the land
will be settled. On these grounds the committee
of the Senate consented to yield.
Mr. WELLER. My understanding is, that
there is no dispute in regard to the title. There
was a claim set up which 1 am now satisfied was
a fraudulent one, although I thought it a good
one at the time, and advised the Government to
purchase that title for $7(1,000. It will be held
under that title, or else the Government of the
United States is the owner under the treaty with
Mexico. That outstanding title to which the
Senator from New York refers was purchased
four years ago from the claimants by the Govern-
ment of the United States. It now holds the
bond of Mr. Aspmwall, and some others, that,
in the event of the United States not succeeding
in holding the property there as original propri-
etor, or under the claim which they have trans-
ferred, they are to refund $200,000,1 believe.
Mr. FISH. That only leaves the United
States as claimants against these parties for in-
demnity. The appropriation is proper in itself,
and one which we shall have to make at a future
period; and I presume the only question is one of
time. My object was rather to state the grounds
on which the committee of the Senate consented
yesterday to recede from the amendment. It was
because a distinguished member of the House
assured us very certainly that he was satisfied
there was a claim which had been reported by
the commissioner adverse to the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg leave to offer the fol-
lowing amendment as an additional section, from
the Committee on Commerce:
Jbqd be it further enacted, That the Secretaries of Waf
and Navy be, and tliey are hereby, authorized, under the
direction of the President of the United States, to employ
such officers of the Army and Navy as they shall deem
consistent with the public interest, to make such exploration
and verification of several surveys slready made of a ship
canal near the Isthmus of Darien, to connect the waters of
the Pacific with the Atlantic by the Atiato and Truando
rivers: Provided, The expense thereof shall not exceed
$10,000, which are hereby appropiiated therefor.
Mr. President, this amendment is reported
by the Committee on Commerce upon grounds
stated in the memorial of the Board of Trade of
the city of Philadelphia. They say " that the
subject of constructing a ship canal near the Isth-
mus of Darien, to connect the waters of the At-
lantic. and Pacific oceans, has at various times
engaged the attention of each of the principal
commercial nations of the world, ever since the
first European settlements upon the shores of this
continent. Most of the explorations hitherto
undertaken, either by public or private enter-
prise, to discover a feasible route for such a canal,
have failed of their object. For the past five years
surveys have been in progress, under the auspices
of Frederick M. Kelly, Esq., and other gentle-
men of New York, which finally have resulted in
the location of the projected route, by Mr. Wil-
liam Kennish, a highly respectable engineer, who
reports a line by which to connect the waters of
the Pacific with the Truando river, a branch ot
the Atrato, navigable to the Atlantic, which is, as
he claims, entirely practicable. These surveys
have excited much interest, both in this country
and in Europe. The distinctive features of the
route, according to his report, are, first, that the
oceans can be united by canal, through an open
cut, without locks, guard-gates, or impediments
of any kind. Sccond, that while it is one hun-
dred and twenty-five miles from ocean to ocean,
more than one half of the distance is, by nature,
ready for the passage of the largest class vessels.
Third, That the remainining distance is cither
composed of bars capable of being excavatcd, or
river bottoms, under water, or solid rock, with
slight earth covering; and fourth, that excellent
harbors exist at either terminus, requiring but
little improvement to make them as desirable as
any in the world.
" Thus it is proposed to form a thorough cut
canal from ocean to ocean, without locks. The
memorialists do not deem any argument neces-
sary as to the importance of this work; the only
question to be asked is, Is it practicable ? This,
•tliey respectfully represent, it is proper for the
United States "Government to decide." They
state further, that "A private survey has been
made, and the particulars are now before the
public. If this had been the first, and only sur-
vey, it would be all that is necessary; but inas-
much as several Government surveys have failed
in finding a feasible route, the public will require
an official confirmation of this discovery before
giving to it their entire confidence. The fact,
that the last expedition sent out under the aus-
pices of Government, failed to discover a feasible
route, seems to make such an official recognition
of this new route essential to its success.'1
The memorialists pray Congress to enact a law
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to cause a
suitable corps pf, engineers to pass over the pro-
posed route, and ascertain its practicability, and
to make the necessary appropriation to enable the
Department to do so.
The expense, they believe, would be but trifling,
commensurate with the importance of the interests
involved, and seem in their opinion fully to justify
the necessary outlay.
The Committee on Commerce submitted this
subject to the Secretary of the Navy, and received
from him this letter:
Navy Department, August 8, 1856.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
yours of the 6th instant, inclosing " a memorial of the Board
of Trade, Philadelphia, m relation to the survey of a route
for a ship canal near the Isthmus of Dauen," and asking^
in behalf of the Committee on Commerce, the opinion ot
