530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. MILLSON. I do not know that I have,
any objection to the resolution as modified, be-
cause 1 know that such cases were referred by a
general order.
Mr. MACE. If the object of the resolution is
to divide the jurisdiction over claims between
Congress and the Court of Claims, I hope it will
not be adopted. There should be no conflict be-
tween Congress and the Court of Claimsin regard
to demands against the Government. The Court
of Claims, so far, X believe, has the confidence of
the country: let it do the business contemplated
by the law of its creation, without any interfer-
ence on the part of Congress.
Mr. SIMMONS. The House will recollect
that we took a great deal of pains at the last
session of Congress to constitute this Court of
Claims. Every one who has had any experience
in Congress, or in a State Legislature, knows per-
fectly'well that, without the advantages of such a
court, there is often great injustice done to the
Government, as well as to individuals, by the
attempt on the part of the House to settle and
examine claims. Now, sir, the only difficulty in
the action of the Court of Claims is in regard
to cases of tort or damage outside of contract.
This House has got to act upon such cases, and
say whether or not it will refer them there. It
seems to me that the act ought to have been
framed so as to let any claimant against the Gov-
ernment go before the Court of Claims just as he
would go into court if he had a claim against any
individual. Let him go there at his own expense.
That court should have jurisdiction of just such
claims as are recoverable in a court of law or
equity, and no other; and with such cases this
body should have no interference. If a claim be
brought here, we should immediately look at it
so far as to say whether it is a claim recoverable
as by A against B, in a court of law or equity;
and, if so, the House should immediately refer
it for a hearing to that court, and have nothing
more to do with it. If it bo not such a claim,
then it may be such a peculiar case that this
House really ought to do something.
Now, then, a resolution may properly be passed
here which will allow papers to be taken which
have been presented here for the use of that
court upon its request; but I am unwilling to take
any course, or to adopt any resolution, which
will continue this objectionable uncertainty, and
this concurrent and eonflictive kind of cognizance
between this House and that court. I want
simply to have that court act; and that we have
nothing to do with the cases which are really
judicial cases. It appears to me that we should
have this matter put in proper tram. I have read
the resolution very carefully, and I do not sec
how it is going to interfere with the court; and
yet I do not see that there is much use in it.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Mr. Speaker, I do not
rise for the purpose of making opposition to the
resolution offered by the gentleman from New
York. We are all aware of the circumstanecs
which moved both Houses of Congress to pass
the bill organizing a court for the adjudication
of claims against the Government. A large
amount of claims had accumulated, and the press
of business in both Houses of Congress was so
great, that Congress was driven to constitute a
tribunal for the purpose of investigating these
claims. That court has certain jurisdiction con-
ferred upon it by the act. It was ascertained to
be a matter of impossibility for the committees of
this House and of the Senate to give these claims
that kind of investigation which they seemed to
demand.
At the last session of Congress, the House,
being unable to reach the large number of bills
which still remained on the Calendar, the ques-
tion was, what disposition ought to be made of
such as could not be reached in the ordinary
course of legislation; and the House, determined
to dispose of them all "in one fell swoop," by
sending them direct from this House to the Court
of Claims, there to be prosecuted as the parties
may tlnnk proper. Eut, sir, it seems that the
parties have not in all instances thought proper
to avail themselves of the privileges allowed them
to go before that court and prosecute their claims
there. As I understand the object of the reso-
lution, it is to reach a class of cases which prob-
ably ought not to have been sent there, and to
bring back the papers to this House, in orderthat
the House may determine whether or not the
case ought to be prosecuted before this body or
before that court. . "
There is one question, however, on which I
desire the attention and opinion of the gentleman
from New York who introduced the resolution.
It is this: whether or not we can properly
transfer to that court, by resolution, the Senate
bills which were on ourCalendar? It may be said
that this House had possession of these bills, and
that, therefore, it had as much power to transfer
them as those which had originated Here. I do,
however, submit whether it was proper or cour-
teous for this House to make such disposition of
the Senate bills? It occurs to me that this reso-
lution ought to be so modified as to exempt bills
which originated in the Senate, were sent to this
House, and were not reached in the ordinary
course of legislation. It seems to me that such
bills ought to be excepted, and left to the Senate
to give them such direction as they may think
proper. I appeal to the gentleman from New
York, to know his opinion as to the power of the
House to make that disposition of the Senate
bills that were on our Calendar3
Mr. HAVEN. As to the Senate bills which
were then in the House, this House undoubtedly
had the power to refer them to the Court of
Claims, according to the provisions of the act,
which are — after enumerating other classes —
"and also all claims which maybe referred to
said court by«either House of Congress." The
claims included in Senate bills were before us, and
we certainly could refer them, under the law.
One word more. I think that everybody who
looks at the resolution understands its object, and
sees that it is right. I agree with the gentleman
from New York, the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, [Mr. Simmons,] and with the gentle-
men from Indiana and Arkansas, [Messrs. Mace
and Greenwood,] that these claims should be
kept before the Court of Claims :and that that court
may be made—as it is cheerfully willing—to dis-
charge its duty in regard to them. But all that I
had in view was this: every morning four or live
gentlemen get up here, telling this House that
there are claims which have gone there under the
general resolution, which that court cannot have
jurisdiction over—such as applications to extend
patents; applications for the bounty of Govern-
ment; claims of men who want bounty lands for
being wounded in the service; and of ladies who
think they are entitled to something for having
borne three or four children at a birth. All this
kind of* claims the court cannot pass upon; and
we want simply to get back here all the papers in
such cases as may be properly referred to the
committees who have appropriate charge of them,
under the operations of general philanthropy. I
hope the gentleman from Arkansas will move the
previous question.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I suppose the gentle-
man from New York does not design to include
in his remarks that class of cases which is based
on mere equity?
Mr. HAVEN. No, not on that kind of equity
where a court of equity cannot grant specific
relief—not on loving equity; but I do include
those cases where a court could on bill filed give
specific rehefagainst an individual under the gen-
eral rules and practice of a court of equity.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put;and, being put,
the resolution as modified was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee to withdraw his call, to allow me to
introduce a resolution, that bills and resolutions
be introduced for one hour.
Mr. JONES. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to my resolution. 1 ask that it may be
read for information.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resoled, That the States shall be called for one hour
for the presentation of bills and resolutions to which there
is no objection, for reference to the appropriate committees:
when such bill 01 resolution is presented, after the resolu-
tion shall be read) or the title of the bill shall be announced,
: the 8p&ak<*r shall then piopound the question: " Is there
objection ?" and if there be objection, the bill or resolution
shall then be returned to the member presenting the same.
There was no objection;and the resolution was
received and adopted.
The House then proceeded to execute its order,
and the States were called for the introduction of
bills and resolutions, commencing with the State
of Maine.
Mr. MORRILL offered the following resolution;
which, being objected to by Mr. Keitt, was not
received:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be, and
they are hereby, requested to inquire into the expediency
of establishing a Board of Agriculture under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior; and, also, of establishing
one or more national agricultural schools upon the basis of
the naval and military schools, in order that one scholar
from each congressional district, and two from each State
at large, may leceive a scientific and practical education at
the public expense.
Mr.WAKEMAN, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, requested to transmit to this House copies of
all correspondence, documents, and papers 111 relation to
the compensation and emoluments of Brevet Lieutenant
General Scott, under the joint resolution, approved Febru-
ary 15,1855, as may be in the Executive Department of the
Government.
Mr. MORGAN presented a preamble and res-
olution of the Legislature of the State of New
York, asking that repairs be made in the struc-
tures of the Federal Government upon the quar-
antine grounds; which were read, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. M. also presented a memorial from R. P.
Johnston, on behalf of the New York Agricul-
tural Society, asking for an appropriation to
carry out the meteorological observations com-
menced by Lieutenant Maury, of the United States
Navy,and to establish a system of meteorological
observations for the land, such as has been already
discovered for the sea; which was read, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. KELSEY, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to lay before
this House, if consistent with the public mtei est, such
mloimation as may be in the possession of the Department
oiVh^lnterior touching the cause of any difficulties that
majpRve arisen between the Creek and Seminole Indians
since their emigration west of the Mississippi; and whether
any of the Seminole or other Indians have left the country
aligned them; and. if any, what number; and whether
they have since been engaged in hostilities against the
United States, together with the cause of such hostilities.
Mr. HAVEN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Postmaster General be, and they are hcieby, directed to
report to this House whether the building in process of con-
struction at Buffalo, for a custom-house, post office, court
rooms, and tor other offices, is of sufficient size to answer
the several purposes for which it is intended; and, if m
their opinion it is not, that they further repoit whether any,
and what, addition can be made thereto, so as to answer
the said purposes ; and the additional cost thereof.
Mr. HUGHSTON asked consent to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That House bill No. 629, sent by resolution of
the last Congress to the Court of Claims, be procured by
the Clerk of this House, and placed on its files, the said
Court of Claims having 110 jurisdiction in the case.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. That cannot be
done. The case may be brought back here, but
not placed on the Calendar, where it was when
sent to the Court of Claims by the last Congress.
This House can have 110 cognizance of what was
done by the last Congress.
Mr. HUGHSTON. I was informed yesterday
that I could obtain these papers by application to
the Court of Claims. I made application to the
clerk of that court, but could not obtain them;
and I was advised to obtain them by resolution
of the House. I have therefore offered this res-
olution.
Mr. JONES. I do not object to the papers
being obtained from the Court of Claims. What
I said was, that we could not place the bill upon
the Calendar, as I understand the resolution to
provide for.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the resolution contemplates placing the papers
upon the files of the House.
Mr. JONES. Then I have no objeetion.
