1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
34th Cong....] st Sess.
Kansas—The Territories—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
assembled to form a State constitution, had the
right to settle the slavery question for themselves.
During the whole thirty years this right was
in abeyance. That is my position. I state it
frankly. If the President means to assert that
the people then had this right, as an inherent or
constitutional prerogative, I simply say that I
dissent from his conclusion. I do not quarrel
■with anybody about it, but I do not believe in
such doctrines.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator puts me
in a wrong position. I think the same ground
was taken six or seven years ago. I never con-
tended that the people of a Territory had the right
to legislate on the subject of slavery before they
had a recognized government; I never dreamed
of it. They have no right in such a condition to
pass any laws; but, as I said in the California
case, they have a right, if Congress unnecessarily
delays action so that there is danger to the internal
peace of the country—they have a right by the
laws of God and man to form a government for
themselves, and until there is a regularly-organ-
ized government. They have no power to legis-
late upon this or upon any other subject.
Mr. BROWN. My friend from Michigan says
that, up to the time when you give them a gov-
ernment by act of Congress, he does not contend
that they have a right to interfere with slavery;
but, when you give them a government, I under-
stand him to assert they have the right. Now,
from whom do they derive their right ? If they
get it from God Almighty, why do they not have
it before they receive a government from Congress
as well as afterwards ? [Laughter.]
Mr. CASS. Gentlemen need not laugh so
soon; I have a very simple answer to make. I
have said that there is no government legally
speaking until you have organized one. When
you give it to them, the right of legislation at-
taches, and is brought into exercise. It will not
do to refer to God Almighty or to any other power;
the question is, what rights have they after you
organize them? You organize a Legislature in
the Territory; that Legislature, then, has power
of legislation. Where do they get it from? They
get it through the act of Congress; but upon what
subjects they shall exereise their powers of legis-
lation, after they have organized, is a different,
question. I believe it is a question which we
cannot control. The moment you authorize them
as a Legislature to legislate they have rights. I
have not contended that God Almighty gave them
a right to pass laws before a government was
organized; but I do contend that nature gives them
rights which they can enforce if you put them in
danger of anarchy, without law or civil govern-
ment. I suppose the Senator will not deny, that
men mive certain rights, given by God, which
none but tyrants can take away.
Mr. BROWN. Well, sir, I do not feel dis-
posed to pursue this matter, as I perceive that my
friend from Michigan and myself will never be
able to agree upon the question.
Tuesday, May 13,185fi.
This moriiing the further consideration of the
subject was resumed, at the usual hour; and the
honorable Senator from Michigan thus concluded:
Mr. President, yesterday I submitted to the
Senate a view and review of the constitutional
principles, which regulate theVelations between
the United States and their Territories, and of the
course of legislation with regard to thoge depend-
encies, and to-day I propose lo submit some
remarks upon the state of things in Kansas, and
upon the measures, which Congress is called upon
to adopt.
. Mr. President, I am not going into a detailed
examination of the occurrences in that Territory,
which render our interposition necessary, especi-
ally after the in vestigation, which they have under-
gone, and which we have read in reports, and
listened to in debates. I shall deal only in general
facts, with a view to general conclusions.
In the first place, sir, allow me to observe, that
whatever unjustifiable proceedings have taken
place in Kansas—and there have been too many
of them—they have not shaken, in the slightest
degree, my conviction of the right of man to govern
himself, nor my confidcnce in the salutary oper-
ation of that true principle of human authority.
I have read and heard sneering remarks upon
the so-called failure of the experiment of popular
sovereignty, preposterously called an experiment,
after our experience of generations—remarks
made, I have no .doubt, by those, who desire a |
failure. Even were it so, it would not touch the
question, unless we are prepared to test the truth
of a great principle by its accidental abuse. The
political organization of our country is the his-
tory, as well as the exemplification of popular
sovereignty, for along series of years. Glorious
has been its work, and more glorious will it be
hereafter; and yet there is scarcely a State in the
Union, in which, at some period of its existence,
commotions have not broken out, and the laws
been resisted, and sometimes the most alarming
consequences threatened. But these haVe all
happily passed away; and, while leaving their
memory a warning, leaving it also a proof, that
free institutions carry with them the power ofk
self-conservation, and the means of safety. And
in all this time, and during many a day of trial
and danger, not one human life has been sacri-
ficed to avenge the law, or to restore its su-
premacy ! What other country can say as much
since the first institution of governments, after
the dispersion of the descendants of Adam upon
the plains of Shinar? I am satisfied, from some
examination, that there was a greater waste of
human life and treasure in the riots of London,
in 1780, than there has been in this country in
all the acts of resistance to the public authority,
which are found in our history, colonial or inde-
pendent. Does the experience of the world show
that man is fitter to govern others than himself;
and that power is safer with the few than with
the many? Let history answer this question,
and answer also the indignant interrogatory of
Mr. Jefferson, " Have we found angels in the
fthn of men to govern us?"
There were peculiar circumstances, attending
the institution of government in Kansas to which,
and not to the principles that regulated it, are the
lamentable proceedings to be traced. Those prin-
ciples were wise and just, and net a voice has
been raised in their condemnation among th®
people over whom they were to operate. From
the 4th of July, 1776, to this day, they have been
the American guides of political organization.
But at this time they were applied to a country
beset with external, rather than internal, difficul-
ties and dangers. These arose out of the question
of slavery, which seems destined, by its oppo-
nents, to be an eternal subject of agitation—a
subject which, though never sleeping, becomes
quadrennially more violen^MS the presidential
term approaches its renewal; This is its recur-
ring season, and time and experience teach us no
lesson of wisdom or forbearance. My sentiments
on the general subject of this slavery excitement
are already before the country; and events as they
Fass by serve but to strengthen my convictions,
listened with deep interest, the other day, to the i
masterly effort of the Senator from Alabama,
[Mr. Clay,] who, while doingjustice to his con-
stituents, did honor to himself and to the Senate.
Though I dissented from some of his remarks and
conclusions, yet in the general scope of his ob-
servations, there was great force and justice—con-
siderations of the gravest character, appealing to
every true hearjed American. While 1 listened
to the complaints he spread before us in behalf
ff the South againt the North, I wished I could
eny their justice, but felt that I could not. And
as ne proceeded with his recapitulation, I felt
also that this eternal warfare against one half of
the Union had become as disgusting by its repe-
tition, as it was unjust in itself and dangerous in
its consequences. I begin to have as little charity
for many of those engaged in this crusade, as
sympathy with the movement itself. The South
intermeddles not with the social institutions of
the North; let the North exhibit the same spirit of
toleration, and we shall be the strongest and the
most contented, as we are the freest nation, on the
face of the globe. We have been told here, time
and again, recently and formerly, that there is
no design to interfere with slavery in any of the
States of the Union. The power is disavowed as
well as the purpose. But the disavowal is con-
tradicted by events, that are hourly passing before ,
our eye# He who believes in a higher law of,
whose extent and obligations he i  the judge, and
which justifies him in disobeying a human law,
is prepared to follow the fantasies of the wildest
imagination. What is the Constitution to him,
who has a constitution of his own, overruling •
and overriding the laws of his country? Why,
sir, in the House of Representatives, during the
present session of Congress, a member from New
York maintained, that "slavery in the United
States is unconstitutional, and therefore un-
lawful." "The Constitution, both in spirit and
express terms, repudiates slavery, and bars its
existence."
And, even now, we are just told by a resolution
of the "American Anti-Slavery Society," "that
the right to enslave a human being on any pre-
tense whatever is not a debatable question, any
more than is the right to commit adultery, bur-
glary, highway robbery, Or piracy."
And we are told in another resolution, "that
they are struggling to drive slavery out of the
land." It requires a good deal of moral courage,
in the face of such declarations, to conten4 that
no one entertains a design to interfere with slavery
in the States. No man of ordinary sagacity can
doubt the tendency of the doctrines, which are
disseminated in high places and in low places upon
this whole subjecj, and that are addressed to pas-
sions, more easily excited than allayed. Among
other dangerous signs," a spirit of fanaticism is
evoked, before which the guarantees of the Con-
stitution may be prostrated, aseasily as the marks
on the sand are obliterated by the incoming tide
of the ocean. It is already doing its work, and
this is the most alarming symptom in this terrible
national malady. It is fostered and encouraged by
men professedly servants of the Most High, and
ministering at his altar. It prostrates the judgment
and afmost paralyzes the conscience, and prepares
the excited mind for strange delusions and dan-
gerous deeds. The scene, which lately passed at
New Haven, when God's day and God's house
were desecrated by appeals to fierce passions to
stimulate men to action, instead of being devoted
to their true purpose of guiding and restraining
them, was a spectacle to "be contemplated with
regret, with indignation indeed, and alarm. The
temple at Jerusalem was defiled by the* money-
changers, who converted it into a bank of that
day, and made it a scene of abominations. Our
Saviour drove them out, saying, " It is written,
my house shall be called the house of prayer; but
ye have made it a den of thieves." The house
of prayer is now made an armory for the collecti on
of weapons to arm Americans against their coun-
trymen: and clergymen are not indeed money-
changers, but gatherers and distributers of carnal,
not of Christian weapons, to 'fight the battles of
the flesh, and not the battles of the faith, forget-
ting that " all they that take the sword shall per-
ish by the sword;" and that they are warned by
the Apostle of the Gentiles that " the weapons of
their warfare are not carnal," &c.
Mr. President, to preach the Gospel of Jesus
is work enough for any human heart and intellect.
He who devotes himself to this duty, and then
goes after strange gods, entering the field of poli-
tics, and mingling'in its strife and bitterness, does
more injury to the cause of true religion, within
the sphere of his labors, than the writings of
Voltaire aid Hume, and all the other infidel
authors who ever sought, by their sneers and
malign influence, to destroy human confidence in
the most precioifc gift of God to man. And it
is a consolatory proof of the reality of revealed
religion, that it is equally triumphant over the
assaults of its open enemies, and me indiscretion,
or something worse, of its professed friends.
I have already remarked, that the intention to
interfere with slavery in the States is disavowed,
and therefore the more immediate theater of these
labors of strife is the Territories, over which there
is no constitutional grant of power in relation to
this subject, and, if there were, there would be no
justice in its exercise, because it is a question,
which the people are competent to determine for
themselves, and which cannot be determined for
them by a foreign body, where they have no repre-
sentation, without violating a great principle of
self-government, the very foundatiqn^of our in-
stitutions, in defense of which our fathers engaged
