1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
the resolution in that form.
The resolution was therefore not received.
Mr. SAGE offered the following resolution;
which, under the rule, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That one thousand extra copies of the report
of the Superintendent of the Government Hospital for the
Insane, be printed for the use of the Superintendent.
Mr. SIMMONS. I'desire to have introduced
and passed a joint resolution, to which, I am sure,
when its purpose is understood, there will be no
objection. It is a joint resolution for the purchase
of a sufficient number of copies of " Alden's In-
dex to the Reports of the Supreme Court of the
United States, for the use of the Government, its
judges, and other officers."
Mr. CRA1GE. I object.
Mr. HUGHSTON. I offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the papers in reference to House bill (No.
699) sent by lesoiution of the la«t Congress to the Court of
Claims, be piocured by the Clerk of this House to place on
its files; the said Couit of Claims having no juuadietion m
the ease.
Mr. ORR. I would inquire whether this case
is not embraced by the resolution which was
adopted this morning on the motion of the gen-
tleman from New York? As I understood the
resolution, it does embrace all these cases, and
that it is now unnecessary to incumber our Jour-
nals with particular cases. I do not object if the
resolution of the gentleman from New York does
not embrace this case.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not know whether the
claim is under a contract or departmental decis-
ion. If it is, then itisembraced by my resolution.
Jf it is not, then this application is necessary.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I move to reconsider
the vote by which, on yesterday, a bill to pro-
vide for carrying into effect the first article of the
treaty between the United States and her Majesty
the (iueen of the United Kingdom of Great Brit-
* ain.and Ireland, of the 15th day of June, 1846,
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. I ask only that my motion
may be entered upon the Journal.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask leave, in pursuance
of previous notice, to introduce a bill to increase
the compensation of inspectors of customs; and
to move that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the bill
ought to be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means. They have the regulation of cus-
toms before them, and this bill certainly ought
to go to that committee.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Petitions
in regard to the subject-matter of that bill have
gone to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES. If so, they have all taken a
wrong direction I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. FLORENCE. So far as I recollect, the
practice of the House has been to send questions
of this character to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES. Refer to a solitary case.
Mr. FLORENCE. In reference to the increase
of inspectors' compensation, there was an in-
stance in the last Congress.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object to the bill.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to object.
Mr. FLORENCE. Petitions for the object of
my bill were presented and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce at the last Congress.
Mr. CADWALADER. The bill is a good
one. The compensation of these men has stood
stationary for forty yeais.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. During the
last Congress the whole subject was referred to
the Committee on Commerce. They considered
it and reported a bill to the House.
Mr. AIKEN. It has been the habit to send
those petitions to the Committee on Commerce
ever since I have been a member of that com-
mittee.
Mr. CADWALADER. There is a reason for
this increase of pay. There is a greater or less
liability to corruption from extraneous influences
in these offices than in any others.
Mr. ORR. It seems to me that the proper
reference of the bill is to the Committee on Com-
merce. They are more competent to determine
the compensation which should be given to the
inspectors of customs. It is within the line of
their duty. I hope the reference will be made to
that committee; and I now call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The House refused to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and it was then re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. FLORENCE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making an im-
mediate provision i«r the building often steam sloops, or
other vessels of war with auxihaiy steam power, and report
thereon by hill or otherwise.
Mr. DICK, by unanimous consent, introduced
the. following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That, in view of tiie £?reat commercial and
national interests in the navigation of our northern lakes,
the Committee on Naval Affairs be insti noted to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a naval depot and drv-
dock at some point upon said lakes, and rcpoit by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. PURYIANCE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of the heirs of Al-
exander Stevenson; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 desire to offer a resolution
for my absent colleague, [Mr. Powell,] who was
called home a short time ago.
No objection being made,
Mr. L. introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee on the Post Office and
Po^tHoads be insttucted to inquire into the propnetyof
requiting the Postmaster Geneial so to construe an act of
Congress approved July 25, 1854, for the relief of Jame> M.
Gosgm. special agent of the Post Office Department for
Cahlornia, as to allow to said James M. Goggin the same
salary as js iceeived by the present agent, his successor in
office ; and aNo such sums for office rent and clerk hire as
is shown by proper voticheis to have been actually expended
by him for the same.
Mr. FAULKNER, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following bill, of which previous
notice had been given; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to tho Com-
mittee on Military Affairs:
A bill for the better organization of the Army,
and for othpr purposes.
Mr. F. also, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; which was, under the
rule, referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of tins House
ten thousand extra copies of the letter of the Secretaiy of
State, transmitting, m compliance with the aetot August
IB. 1840, .t repoit of the change?, and modifications in the
commercials}sterns of other nations during the year ending
September 30, lb5o.
By Mr. MILLSON: A bill to amend an act
entitled " An act making further provision for the
satisfaction of Virginia land warrants." Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BROOKS offered the followingresolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire into the piopriety of causing to be punted, for the
use and distribution ol'the members ot the Hou e, ten thou-
sand copies of the icport and accompanying maps made by
Captain it. JR. Maiey, United States Army, ol an exploration
ot the Witohitu rivoi, and the country about the head
waters ot the Brazos river, and made m connection with
the selection and location of lands for the occupation of the
Indians living within the limits of Texas, in the year 1851.
Mr. FLAGLER. I observe that the resolu-
tion instructs the committee to do so and so. If
the gentleman will modify it so as to allow the
committee discretionary power over the subject,
I will not objecttoit. 1 do object to it in its present
form.
Mr. BROOKS. I will modify it according to
the gentleman's suggestion.
Mr. CRAIGE. I object to the resolution in t
any form. j
Mr. KEITT, by unanimous consent, intro- ;
duced the following resolution; which was read, !
considered, and agreed to; ,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in- j
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
navy-yard at Poit Royal, South Carolina.
Mr. SHORTER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following bill, of which previous
noticc had been given; which was read a firstand
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
A bill granting the right of way and making a
grant of land to the States of Florida and Ala-
bama to aid in the construction of a railroad from
the waters of St. Andrew's bay, Florida, to
Montgomery, in the State of Alabama, and for
other purposes.
Mr. SHORTER also presented two memorials
adopted by the Legislature of the State of Ala-
bama—one for the relief of townships bordering
upon the States of Mississippi, Georgia, and
Florida; and the other in relation to the remis-
sion of the duty on railroad iron; which were
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resohcd, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of granting to th«
State of Alabama alternate sections of public land'for the
construction of the Tennessee and Alabama railroad, and
also foi tiie Memphis and Clwuleston railroad.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama, presented a bill to
prevent the introduction into the United States
of foreign criminals, paupers, lunatics, idiots, in-
sane and blind persons.
Objected to by Mr. BARKSDALE.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. * I believe we have
no authority on the subject.
Mr. WALKER introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to in-
form this House what fortifications are necessary to guard
the coast between Mobile and New Oileans, and to furnish
an estimate; of the cost thereof.
Mr. STEPHENS introduced the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved^ That the Committee on Naval Aftans be in-
structed to mquiie into the expediency of establishing a
navy-yard at Biun^vnek, Geoigia.
Mr. QUITMAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That, the Clerk of the House be directed to trans-
mit to the library of the Miliiaiy Academv at West Point,
one copy of all documents which may hereaftei be published
by the order of this House.
Mr. SANDIDGEintroduced thefollowlngbills;
which were severally read a first and second time
by their titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill authorizing the transfer of Fort Jesup to
the State of Louisiana, for certain purposes. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill for the relief of the estates of Benjamin
Bullock, Daniel M. Herd, and John H.'Mahlc,
deceased, and of William Long. Referred to the
Committee on Claims.
A bill to establish a post road in the parishes
of Union and Claiborne, State of Louisiana, and
for other purposes. Referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
A bill to establish a post road from Vermillion-
ville to Mermenton river, in the State of Louisi-
ana. Referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. LETTER introduced a hill for the relief
of Amos Armstrong, of Ohio; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. LEITER also offered the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That Charles J\ Coe be, and he is hereby, ap-
pointed special messenger of the House of Representatives,
at a convocation of thiee dollars per day, to continue until
othenvise oidered by the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. WADE introduced the following bills;
which were severally read a first and second time
by their titles, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce:
A bill making appropriations for continuing the
improvements on the harbor at the mouth of
Grand river, in the county of Lake, and State of
Ohio; and
A bill making appropriations for continuing
the improvements on the harbor of Cleveland, m
the State of Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN offered the following reso-
lution :
Resolvei, That tho Committee on Printing be instructed
to report to tins House the amount expended fur printing,
binding, and engraving of each of the various Departments
