1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cumback
and Winslow were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 85, noes 32. The Speaker voted
in the affirmative.
So, two thirds having voted in favor thereof,
tho rules were suspended.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee 1 demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Barbour, Barksdale, Benson, Bil-
linghurst, Boyce, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Burhngame,
John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Clawson,
Colfax, Comms, Cumback, Davidson, Denver, Dickson,
Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, Edmundson, Edwards, Elliott,
English, Eustis, Evans, Florence, Foster, Hemy AI. Fuller,
Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Greenwood, Herbert,
Hickman, Hoffman, Halloway, Thomas -R. Horton, J.
Glancy Jones, Kelly, Knapp, Knowlton, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Maxwell, Meacham, Kilhan Miller, Paine, Parker,
Peck, Pennington, Pettit, Pringle, Ricaud, Sandidge, Sapp,
Savage, Scott, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William II.
Smith, Snccd, Stranahan, Thorington, Thurston, Wake-
man, Walker, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Watson, Welch,
Williams, Woodruff, Woodworth, and John V. Wright—
77.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Henry Ben-
nett, Bocock, Bradshaw, Branch, Brooks, CadXvalader,
James II. Campbell, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Dick, Emrie, Faulkner, Flagler,
Goode, Harlan, Haven, Valentine B. Horton, George W.
Jones, Knight, Letcher, Lumpkin, Matteson, Smith Miller,
Million,Morgan,Morrill, Murray, Phelps, Pike, Purviance,
Puryear, Rivers, Robert®, lluffin, Sabm, William Smith,
Stanton, Stephens, Talbott, Taylor, Tuppe, Walbridge,
Waldron, Israel Washburn, Wells, Winslow, and Daniel
B. Wright—53.
So the resolution was adopted.
S. KNAPP.
Mr. "YVAKEMAN, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
for the relief of S. Knapp; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
SURVEY OF HARLEM RIVER.
Mr. WAKEMAN, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
making an appropriation for the survey of the
Harlem river; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
PERSONNEL OF THE NAVY.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask leave to
introduce the following resolution. It is a reso-
lution merely of inquiry, and I do not believe
there will be a single objection to it:
With a view " to promote the efficiency of the Navy,"
and to obtain such information as may conduce thereto,
therefore, it is
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy report to tins
House, with the least practicable delay, the number of
captains and commanders requisite to perform the sea-going
duties of the Navy of the United States, said officers not to
be required to perform duties ashore as long as fit to be
afloat, nor to be permitted to be absent from duty, on leave
or otltArwise, more than a year at a time, and then only at
an interval between voyages of not less than two years' dura-
tion. Also the number of captains and commanders now
employed in all descriptions of shore duty, and where and
at what, &o employed; and how many would be necessary
to perform such duties, if confined to such employments
alone, and not allowed to he absent from duty more than
three months on any one year. Also, how many lieutenants,
masters, passed midshipmen, and acting midshipmen, are
necessary to perform the duties of the naval service, ashore
and afloat, discriminating between sea and shore service,
said officers not to be allowed to be absent from duty more
than threes-months at any one tune, or in any one year. Also,
how many officers of the Navy of all grades are waiting
orders; and how many are absent from duty on leave; the
names of the officers being given in each case, with date
of the application for orders; and also the date of the leave
opposite, in both classes, to their respective names.
There being no objection, the vote was taken
and the resolution was adopted.
CAPITOL EXTENSION, ETC.
Mr. BALL. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to introduce the following
resolutions:
Resolval, That the President of the United States be
requested to inform ibis House, at the earliest practicable
• day, what amount of money has already been expended, or
debts incurred, upon the enlargement of Uie Capito*; ana
what further amount of appropriations will probably be re-
quired to complete the same, agreeable to the present plan
of construction.
Furthermore, that he cause detailed information to be
given upon the following heads, to wit: The cost, per ton,
when delivered at the Capitol, of the wrought, rolled, and
cast iron, respectively; and the number of tons of each kind
which has been supplied, and the number of tons which
will still be required.
The cost, per foot, of the various kinds of marble used in :
said construction; the localities from whence obtained; the
amount of each description which has been already deliv-
ered; and the amount contracted for which is still to be de-
livered ; and the proportion of that known as the " Lee
marble" which has been furnished in blocks of less than
thirty cubic feet; and what variations, if any, have been
made in the cutting of the marble specified m the original
contract of Provost, Winter & Oo.; and whether such
changes, if made, have increased the cost of the work; and
if so, to what extent; having special reference, in this con-
nection, to the windows of the principal story, the capitals
of the pilasters, cornice, &.c.
The quantity of bricks furnished, with the places from
whence obtained, and the cost, per thousand, of each lot
when delivered at the Capitol; the cost, per thousand, for
laying up the same, including superintendence, tendeis,
&c.; and whether the said bricks were laid up by contract
or by the day.
The number and cost of horses, oxen, wagons, carts,
drays, carriages, buggies, or other vehicles, used or employed
in connection with said extension of the Capitol.
The cost of shops, sheds, steam engines, turning lathes,
slotting machines, stone saws, wire cables, derricks, and
other machinery and tools, the property of the Government,
used m said extension.
Also, what amount of money has been expended, debts
incurred, or contracts entered into, towards the removal of
the old dome, and the election ot the new one, upon the
original Capitol building.
Also, the number of persons employed as sculptors, mod-
elers, bronze workers, &c.; the prices paid, and under what
authority of law they are employed.
And, further, that he cause to be furnished to the House
a list of the names of all persons employed, within each
year, since the commencement of the Capitol enlargement,
as superintendents, architects, draughtsmen, ongineois,
cleiks, inspectors, or receivers of materials, foremen, over-
seers, messengers, watchmen, or others employed about said
woik in any capacity other than as workmen or laboreis ;
specifying the particular service performed by each, and
the amount of compensation.
That the information here sought be accompanied with a
detailed statement of all contracts made in connection with
this building; stating whether the same have been made m
all cases alter advertisement for bids; and if so, whether
the contracts have been awarded, m all canes, to the lowest
bidder; and if not, the reasons therefor.
Post Office Extension.
Resolved, That the President cause the House to be
informed as to the amount of granite or marble contracted
for or purchased, to be used in the construction of the
extension of the General .Post Office building; from what
localities obtained; and the prices paul, or agreed to be
paid, for each particular description of material.
The amount expended in shops, sheds, stables, and tools;
the amount expended in the construction of derricks!,
including all homting apparatus; the amount expended in
the purchase of horses, oxen, wagons, drays, cans, &c.
What portion of the work upon said building n con-
structed by contract, and what portion by mechanics and
laborers employed by the day; together with the prices paid
and the number of men employed upon each description of
work.
The number of days alrpady expended in cutting granite,
and the number of surfacc feet now cut.
The price paid per day, or per foot, for cutting marble,
the number of days' work already applied to that service,
and the number of surface feet dressed.
The average cost (inci udmg superintendence) per foot for
setting granite and marble. «
The number of tons of iron beams and other metal con-
tracted for; from whom obtained; and the cost per ton
when delivered.
What other material has been purchased or contracted
for ; the prices to be paid; and with whom the contracts,
if any, have been made.
The names of all persons employed as superintendents,
architects, draughtsmen, engineers, clerks, inspectors, re-
ceivers, overseers, toiemen, messengeis, watchmen, &.c.,
together with the compensation paid to each per day or
per month; and the particular service which each per-
forms.
Mr. GOODE. I object to the resolutions.
Mr. BALL. Then I move a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I move that the House
do now adjourn; and upon that motion 1 demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craige and
Trafton were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reporter,
—ayes 41, noes 61; no quorum voting.
Mr. COBB demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move that there be a
call of the House, as we cannot do business with-
out a quorum.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and tlic House
accordingly (at three o'clock and five minutes)
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, ra.
IN SENATE. ■ :'
Tuesday, May 20, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel!Waldo, Chaplainof
the House of Representatives. • i: *
The Jou rnal of yesterday was l-ead and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. ' ;
The PRESIDENT pro tempore kid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, communicating, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate of the 14th instant, a copy of
the report of Lieutenant Colonel Graham, of the
Topographical Corps, respecting the improve-
ment of the navigation of the flats of the St. Clair
river; which, on motion of Mr. Stuart,- was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed. -
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED;
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was.
Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of War, in re-
gard to the construction of a basin at the terminus of the
Chesapeake and Ohio canal, at Georgetown, be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the ease of Jacob Kerr, of
New York, praying for indemnity for certain land warrants
plaeed in the hands of a United States agent, who returned
them in iiw own name, be withdrawn from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Court of Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented a letter
from the Secretary of War, with accompanying
papers, relating to the claim of J. B. Ferribault,
and Pelagie, his wife, for the amountagreed upon
by contract with the Secretary of War, to be paid
them for the island at the confluence of the rivers
Mississippi and St. Pierre, on which Fort Snel-
ling now stands; which, with the papers already
on file in relation to the same case, were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial
of Peter Parker, praying for compensation for
services as acting charge d'affaires at China, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read the first time, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of J. E. Martin, consul
of the United States at Lisbon, asking for com-
pensation for services rendered as charge d'af-
faires, in the absence of the minister, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read the first time, and passed to asecond
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.'
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to ask to be discharged from
the consideration of the memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of San Francisco, California,
praying for the passage of an act requiring the
goods shipped for the Pacific coast to bo described
in the manifest; and to move that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
CAPE DE VERDE ISLANDS.
The joint resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives (J. R. No. 16) in reference to the suf-
ferers at the Cape de Verde Islands, was read the
first time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose the Senate under-
stands the nature of this resolution. It simply
provides that the Secretary of the Navy may bo
authorized to furnish the men to man a vessel,
which, in the city of New York, has been pro-
vided and supplied with provisions for the relief
of the inhabitants of the-Cape de Verde Islands,
who are perishing. The resolution was intro-
duced by a member of the House from the city
of New York, and I have the papers to show that
the vessel is ready to proceed; and, under the
most accurate and authentic reports from those
\ islands, it is apparent that, unless public relief be
! afforded before the 1st day of July, twenty thou-
' sand inhabitants of those islands are in danger
I of perishing. The precedent for it is in the case
| of the Jamestown, on her visit to Ireland. I hope,
I after this very brief explanation of the matter,
I the Senate will suffer the resolution to be passed
] without a reference.
