1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2131
this Department as to the expediency of making the survey
desired by the memorialists, and what legislation and appro-
priation, if any, should bo made.
Br the. memorial, it appears that they desire a law passed
autlionzmg tne Secretary of the Wavy to cause a suitable
corps ot engineers to pass over the proposed route, and
ascertain its practicability, &c. It is, perhaps, proper to
state, that there is not attached to the Navy a corps of civil
engineer. There is attached to the Army, and forming a
paitof it, a corps of topographical and conducting engi-
neers, educated particularly foi such purposes; and I would
beg leave, therefore, to suggest the refeience of the memo-
rial to the War Department.
Any facilities that the Navy Department can furnish,
consistent with the public interests, it will take pleasure m
doing; and during the ensuing winter, if such a survey is
authorized to be made, it will be happy to contribute to it
with any vessel of the home squadron, having a due regard
to public interests.
I am, sii, very respectfully, your obedient seivant,
J. C. DOBBIN.
Hon. Hfnry Dotjor, Chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, United States Senate.
On this suggestion, the committee nonsuited
the War Department, and this is the answer of
the honorable Secretary of "War:
War Department,
Washington, August 13,1856.
Sir: I have received your letter of the 12th instant,
transmitting amcmoiial of the Boaid of Tiadc of Philadel-
phia, m relation to the survey of a ship canal near the Isth-
mus of Darien, and a copy of a letter from the Secretary of
the Navy upon the subject, with a request ioi any sugges-
tions X may think proper to make theieon-
In reply thereto, f have the honor to state, that the pro-
ject ot the memorialists being regarded bv me as possessing
great interest to the commercial woild generally, and to the
United States especially, 1 consider it very important to
this Government that such an examination should be made
as will determine satisfactorily the practicability or imprac-
ticability of the route leferred to, for carrying outthe objects
proposed by the memorialists.
As it is, however, supposed that the reference of the sub-
ject to me was mainly owing to the allusion, m the letter of
the Secretary of the Navy to Tins Department, having under
its control a corps of engineers, professionally qualified for
the exploration and investigations requued, I would inform
the committee that, if Congress should authorize the sur-
vey, and the emplo\ ment of the officers of the corps of engi-
neers or of topographical engineers thereon, this Depart-
ment will cheeifully designate for the purpose such officeis
as the evigeneies of lite service will pemut to be detached
fiom then leguku and appiopinue duties.
I return herewith the memorial, and have the honor to
be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF'N DAVIS,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Henry Dodge., Chairman Committee on Commerce,
United States Senate.
This appropriation is inconsiderable. The ob-
ject is beyona estimate as to its importance. It
involves the solution of all our difficulties in
regard to the communication between the Atlan-
tic and Pacific oceans, and between the two con-
tinents. The matter seems to me so plain and
simple that I need not detain the Senate with it.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it desirable that the
Senate should ascertain some limit to the sort of
legislation which we shall put on this bill. This
might be a very good measure as an independent
proposition. 1 have not examined it; I have not
nad time to examine it. I presume there ore verj^
few Senators here who have examined: it. In the
little time we have left to us, it seems to me such
legislation as that ought not to be ingrafted on
this bill. I know nothing of the merits of the
proposition, and I cannot speak of them. I have
not had time to examine them; but I know such
things ought to be brought up as separate meas-
ures, and not put in appropriation bills; other-
wise there will be no limit to the legislation of
Congress.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am decidedly in favor
of this proposition. It is a public measure, and
not a private measure*-which is proposed to be
ingrafted on the appropriation bill. I can state
the case in two or three words. An enterprising
private company have spent some $50,000 in as-
certaining and surveying what they consider to
be a practicable interoceanic communication over
the Isthmus—a desideratum that has long been
sought by the commercial world. It is of inesti-
mable value. All they ask is, that Government
will verify the surveys they have made m order
that they may proceed. They ask nothing from
the Government. Men who engage in great en-
terprises of this kind ought to have this amount
of sanction from the Government, when we have
a corps of topographical officers, some of them
unemployed, and officers oftheNavyunemploycd,
who can do what is desired. It will cost the j
Government nothing; or, perhaps, it may cost
$10,000 for some little extra expenses of the
officers. The measure is recommended by the
Secretary of the Navy and by the Secretary of
War. The parties only ask to have their surveys
verified, which have cost them some $50,000.
Mr. WELLER. I regard this amendment as
a very important one; because, if it shall result
in demonstrating the practicability of the con-
nection of the two oceans by means of a ship
canal, it will be of inestimable value, not only to
the United States, but to the whole world. The
distance, I believe, is about one hundred and thirty
miles; and the surveys which have been made
demonstrate the fact that it will only be necessary
to construct a ship canal for a distance of sixty
miles; and that it can be constructed without any
locks or guards. I think that, if the experience
of your own officers, on an examination of that
country, shall demonstrate this fact, it will be of
inestimable value to us. 1 trust the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. CLAYTON. I desire to express my
hearty concurrence in the sentiment just ex-
pressed by the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia. This is indeed a work of inestimable im-
portance; and it appears that the Secretary of the
Navy and the Secretary of War think, in their
judgment, such a measure ought to be adopted
by Congress. The sum to be expended by Con-
gress is very small. The importance of the ap-
propriation will be understood when it is reflected
by the Senate that the people who are engaged in
these great enterprises of works of interoceanic
communication between the Atlantic and Pacific,
can obtain means only by the verification of the
United States engineers. Private engineers, em-
ployed by private companies, will not be credited
in Europe as our own public topographical engi-
neers will be, if their surveys should verify the
surveys made by the private engineers. I will
not dwell on the importance of this subject, be-
cause I suppose every man concurs that, if this
great work can be effected, it will be of more im-
portance to the whole civilized world than any
other undertaking which ever has been in fact
undertaken by the hand of man. I hope the
amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer an amendment from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, to come m at
the end of the first section:
For the continuation of extra clerk lure in the office of
Indian Allans, anth<ni/,ed In an art makni!* ap|)ropi unions
for the <iippon of the Anny, nppiovod August I^Vl, ntid
the act milking appiopnation^ lur the eunent and contin-
gent expensos'ot the Indian depaitment, appioved March
3, 1855, $7,001).
This is estimated for by the Secretary of the
Interior; and, although called 44 extra clerk hire,"
is not a new subject of disbursement. There
have been two appropriations heretofore recog-
nizing the work, and this is for continuing it. It
was omitted in the regular estimates of the Secre-
tary of the Interior for the simple reason that the
two former appropriations were in the Army bill,
and he inadvertently omitted it when he made
out his estimates.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Commerce, as a
new section:
And be d further enacted. That instead of the compensa-
tion now allowed Jo weighois, eantrers, and measurers at
the ports of Boston. Now York, Philadelphia, Baltimore,
ChailcKon, and New Oilcans, their annual compensation
shall be not le^s than $1 ,W0, nui more than Jfcrs^OOO, at the
discretion of the ^ecietaiy of the Treasury; and that the
per diem compensation of each m-pector at sanl ports shall
be four dollars prr day, instead of the compensation now
allowed bylaw—sntd increased compensation to he allowed
from and after the commencement of the fiscal year ending
30th of June,
Mr. IIUNTER. I thought there was a sep-
arate bill, which proposed to regulate the salary
of all custom-house officers. Why should this
class be taken up separately5 I ask, too, whether
it does not embrace a larger number of inspectors
than were proposed to be embraced by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in his scheme ? It seems to
me that it does.
Mr. SEWARD. This recommendation is
made by the Committee on Commerce, on the
basis of a letter fioru the Treasury Department,
dated April 3, 1856, and was provided for in a
bill which the ComrmUee on Commerce hoped to j
bring before Congress in time to be passed at this j
session; but in that hope they have been disap- j
pointed. It is very necessary and proper, if the '
men are to have the benefit of it,-that jt be done
somehow, and in some place. The",committee
thinks this is the mode and time, and the only
possible place. "Iam clearly of opinionthe
Secretary says, " that it would be advisable tp
increase the compensation of that class of officers
at certain ports."
Mr. HUNTER. Does not that apply only to
inspectors ? Does itinclude weighersand gaugers?
Mr. SEWAR.D. It does include them. This
is his letter to the late chairman of the committee:
Treasury Department, April 3, 1856.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 2d instant, in regard to an increase of compen-
sation to the weighers and gaugers at the ports of New York
and Boston.
[ am clearly of the opinion that it would be advisable to
increase the compensation of that class of officers, at certain
ports, beyond the rates proposed in the pending bill regu-
lating the appointment and compensation of officers of the
customs.
1 would respectfully recommend that the weighers, meas-
ures, and gaugeis at the ports of Boston, New York? Phil-
adelphia, Baltimore, and New Orleans, should receive an
annual compensation ot not less than $'1,800, nor more than
$2,000. Having inei cased m the proposed bill the compen-
sation of inspectois,it is hut right to increase that of weigh-
ers, gaugeis, and measures also.
The r.iteofcompei^atipn herein recommended for weigh-
ers. gaugeis, and mea-ureis, at the ports indicated, is predi-
cated as well upon the peculiar qualifications required in
such officers, and the lespoi^ibilitics devolved upon them,
a>- the labor to which they are subject m the discharge of
their official duties.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES GUTIIRLE,
Secretary of ike Treasury.
Hon. Hannibal Hamlin,
Chairman Committee on Commerce, 17. S. Senate.
Mr. FITZPATRICIv. I think this is rather
an extraordinary mode of legislation. The bill
before us is the civil appropriation bill, upon
which almost everything is tacked. The whole
subject embraced by this amendment is provided
for by the bill which has been referred to by the
gentleman from Virginia. There is no subject
that you could touch affecting the community
more than this. There are petitions on the table
from officers of the customs m several other cities
besides those named in the amendment, com-
plaining that they do not receive a reasonable
compensation for the discharge of the duties de-
volved on them. I have bestowed some little at-
tention on the bill alluded to, and I became satis-
fied that it was almost impossible in a bill of that
kind, with the lights before us, to determine the
proper rate of compensation to all the custom-
house officers throughout thecountry. The price
of house rent, the price of board, the value of
labor, the rates of provisions, and many other
matters, must be considered, before deciding on
such a measure.
Now, sir, it is a matter of some surprise to me
that nothing is said about raising the compensa-
tion of these officers in cities where I know the
prices of living, rent, labor, board, and every-
thing else, are decidedly higher than in a number
of those mentioned in the amendment. I will in-
stance the city of Savannah, Georgia. Nothing
is said about increased compensation to the weigh-
ers and gaugers there. So of the city of Mobile,
in my State, where the rates of board, labor, house
rent, and everything else, are higher than in three
fourths of the cities mentioned in the amendment;
and yet not one word is said about increasing the
compensation of the officers there.
Now, how can the Secretary of the Treasury—
who, 1 take pleasure in saying, is a very vigilant
officer—tell what is the proper rate of compensa-
tion in all the cities of the Union ? You propose
to tack on this bill a provision for increased com-
pensation to the officers in certain cities. I have
never known an attempt before to place auch a
provision on this bill. If it be persisted in, my
constituents, and the constituents of the Senator
from Georgia, in the city of Savannah, may very
properly expect an increased compensation. The
result will be, that you will have your table bur-
dened next winter with petitions asking for
increased compensation. I believe that the pay
should be raised in many cities. It is wholly
inadequate, in my opinion; but I am- decidedly
opposed to this mode of partial legislation, pro-
dding for a few cities, and not for others. 1 can
undertake to speak of Savannah and Mobile.
The prices of provisions, labor, and house-rent
there are greater than in any other part of the
South; ana yet, in places where all these are
cheaper, you propose to increase the compensa-
