522
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—The Territories—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
in a contest with the mightiest nation on^he face
of the globe. I have no patience with Americans,
who thus condemn the patriots of the Revolution,
castin" dirt on their fathers, as the eastern phrase
is, antfseek to exercise apower over another which
•they would suffer no man to exercise over them-
selves. Upon the very first attempt they would
indignantly resist at home the interference, they
so loudly call for elsewhere. Their consciences,
which now dictate violent action, where self is
not concerned, would soon learn their true duties
when their own rights were in question. And
the zeal, violence, indeed, with which this claim
to govern others, without their own consent or
cooperation, is asserted and prosecuted, in the
very face of our whole history, is a moral phe-
nomenon, betokening some strange hallucina-
tion.
And it is a part of the prevailing system of ag-
gression to excite and nourish prejudices against
the South by making slavery the perpetual theme
of denunciation, and too often of misrepresent-
ation, as though, if it were all its enemies say of
it, the present generation, of whose social system
it makes an essential part, were responsible for
its introduction, or could terminate its existence.
It came to them by inheritance, not by their own
cooperation; and when or how it is to cease is
known only to Him, who holds nations, not less
than individuals, in the hollow otHis hand, for it
is beyond the sagacity of man to discover. The
emancipation of nearly four millions of human
beings, of adifferent caste and color and condition,
living in a state of servitude among a superior
race, superior in numbers, in power, in intellect,
is a fearful question, which no right-minded man
can contemplate without the deepest solicitude.
I am not presumptuous enough to say how it
could be done. But of this I am certain, tljat it
is a matter, which should be left to those whom
it vitally interests, and who alone can decide it.
If it were in my power to set free, to-morrow,
every slave in the United States, I would not do
it. I think the act would be followed by fearful
convulsions, the apprehension of which should
cause the wisest to pause and the firmest to trem-
ble. The result of the-experiment, which Eng-
land made in the Antilles, nas not been such as
to encourage other countries to follow the exam-
ple. The standard English historian, Allison, in
a new volume of his great work, which has just
issued from the press, tells the story in melan-
choly terms. He says:
" Tbe effect of the emancipation of the negroes has been
to ruin our own planters, stop the civilization of our own
negroes, and double the slave trade in extent, and quad-
ruple it in its horrors."
Re repeats:
" Disastrous as the results of tbe change have been to
British interests, both at home and in the West Indies,
they are as nothing to those which have ensued to the
negroes themselves."
To emancipate a comparatively small number
of slaves in a West Indian island, whichmay be
covered by the troops and surrounded by the
fleets of the mother country, is one thing. To
do the same deed of liberation in a far-spreading
region, measured not by miles,but almost by great
circles of the globe, and destitute of a military
force to restrain the revengeful promptings or the
dangerous suggestions of suddenly-acquired free-
dom, is another and quite a different thing. Be-
lieving that slavey is a misfortune to any country,
I hope that it will come to an end in ours, but it
must be in God's good time, *nd in some far-
away day, when master and slave aire prepared
for it.
In the proseSttion of this warfare against the
character, the tranquillity, and the rights of the
South, the press, not less than the pulpit, has
been made an active coadjutor, and the world
has been inundated with log-cabin books, and
other productions of equal fairness and value,
and about as worthy of credit as the travels of
the renowned Gulliver, too often drawing their
facts from the imagination, and their conclusions
from the dictates of a wild or false heart, or of
a disordered head. Sir, 1 am no defender of the
South. It needs not my aid. It has powerful
advocates here, and elsewhere, able to assert its
cause; and.^ie latest among them, who has
volunteered in this commendable work—the
member from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin]—in his
address to the Senate a few days ago, made an
appeal to American justice and patriotism which
I have never heard surpassed in vigor of intellect,
or in true eloquence. The undivided attention of
this high body was a just tribute to the effort
of the gifted speaker. As a man loving my coun-
try, and jealous of her name and fame among
the nations of the earth, I feel indignant at these
atrocious calumnies upon a large portion of my
countrymen, and I have no disposition to conceal
nor to repress that feeing. I know something
of the condition of theislaves; and I believe, as
I have before said in this place, that they are
treated with all the humanity, which can reason-
ably be expected in their situation—with a hu-
manity honorable to the proprietors as a class,
and, tcS say the least of it, quite as well as they
would be in the northern States, had this kind
of servitude survived till this day, and far better
than by many, whose philanthropy is shown by
the railing and reproachful words they utter, and
not by the relief they contribute to human misery.
I know something, also, of the condition of the
poverty-stricken population of Europe, of a large
portion of. the inhabitants, who lie down in sor-
row and get up in care, and who pass their lives
in want, and many of them in a state of destitu-
tion utterly unknown in this country. And I
have Seen more misery in the proudest capitals of
Europe, than I ever saw in our own favored land,
among white or black, bond or free. The condi-
: tion of slavery has existed since the earliest ages
i of the world, and, regretted as it is, and must be,
by the moralist, it is a great practical question,
j which every established community must arrange
for itself. The Revolution found it in most of
I the States, and there it was at the adoption of
the Constitution, and in many it yet remains,
j making part of the rights and guarantees of the
j Confederation. To touch it by the General Go^
| ernment would be to shake to its corner-stone
I our whole political edifice. And disavowed as that
purpose is by many of those, who are engaged
in this warfare, and who take counsel from dis-
cretion, seeing the full time has not yet come, it
should be obvious to the most superficial observer,
that the inevitable tendency of this state of quasi
hostilities is to weaken the fealty and attachment
to the Union; to create a morbid excitement, by
which the mind and the heart are intently fixed
upon one object, the abolition of slavery, to the
exclusion of many a true work of charity, and
to the extinction of many a kindly and patriotic
sentiment, and also to the imminent hazard of
following the institution, with hostile' views,
wherever it exists, {^regardless of the rights of
others as of the coimitutional securities which
protect it. It would almost appear as though the
whole stock of philanthropy, of talking philan-
thropy I mean, in portions of the country, were
exhausted upon the black man, and that the men
of our own race were out of the circle of human
sympathy. All this would be but regretable,
were it not rendered serious by its danger. Its
effect is but too palpable in the heart-burnings it
has created on each side of the line of separation.
This condition of the public mind excites my
apprehension, and ought to awaken the atten-
tion and arouse the exertion of every true patriot
before the evil day is upon us, and the deed of
disunion shall be done.
When the Kansas act was passed, it was hoped
that the great principle of self-government em-M
bodied in it would lead to the tranquil adjustment
of much of this controversy. It was looked upon
as the olive branch, announcing the recession of
the waters of bitterness. And such wouldit have
proved had the people of the Territory been left
to regulate this subject for themselves. The times, !
indeed, were not as propitious as they would have j
been, had a better spirit prevailed at the North.,
The fugitive slave law had been opposed, and its
operation vilified and obstructed. Laws had been ;
fassed incompatible with the provisions of the !
'ederal Constitution, and confessedly from hos- |
tility to the South, and other acts were done,and i
sentiments avowed, of the most unfriendly char- .
acter, which are too fresh in general recollection '
to require recapitulation. And under these cir-
cumstances commenced the settlement and the J
government of Kansas. . ■
I have said that I had no purpose minutely to
recall the untoward events, which accompanied
the progress of this movement. I have read with
care the narrative compiled by the Senator from
Illinois in his report, ana, while it is marked with
signal ability, it seems to me to be marked also
with a commendable regard to the truth. I have
rarely read a more powerful State paper, and, in
my opinion, it entitles its distinguished author to
the thanks of the country.
It is easy to trace the disturbances in Kansas
to their true source — to external interference.
That portion of the Union, connected with slavery,
and where it is notmertly a question of servitude,
but also of safety, were in much and just excite-
ment at the unconstitutional assaults upon this
element of their social system. And this moment
was chosen by the partisans of abolition, in the
northern States, to organize emigrating parties,
supplying them with assistance described by a
learned professor at New Haven " as moral en-
couragement and material aid in money or arms."
And these new implements, not of agriculture,
but of death, were designed for human bodies,
instead of a virgin soil; and, as the same literary
gentleman said, while defending this charitable
contribution, they " were to be wielded by strong
hands and directed by courageous minds." And
" this material aid" was commended to the pre-
caution of the emigrants, who were advised to
hasten on to the promised land, not for their own
sakes, looking forward to the reward of industry
and enterprise in a new country, but as soldiers,
to fight a political battle, with sueh weapons,
whether of law or of iron, as circumstances might
render expedient. It is not surprising, that the
approach of these new adventurers, avowing de-
signs peculiarly obnoxious to the neighboring
State of Missouri, should excite alarm and lead
the people to combine in order to resist combina-
tions.
I am accounting for this state of things, not
justifying it, and the solution is found in the ordi-
nary principles of human nature. Confederations,
to bring about great public purposes by those
who seek them, are sure to be met and resisted
by antagonistic unions. I think there was no jus-
tification for the interference of persons in the
northern States, who did not intend to emigrate
to Kansas , with a view to control the political
course of the emigrants, and to pledge them to a
particular line of policy, stimulating their feelings
while supplying the means; and it is my deliberate
opinion, that those, who planned and promoted
this scheme, are morally responsible for many
of its deplorable consequences. At the same time,
I think, that the emigrant who went to Kansas
to become a bona fide settler was in the exyrcice
of his constitutional right, when he proclaimed
his purpose, by lawful means, to oppose the intro-
duction of slavery, and when he followed that
purpose to its consummation at the polls. But I
cannot say the same of the irruption of citizens
from Missouri, some armed and some unarmed,
who entered Kansas, with no design to become
residents, but to control the political power' of
the Territory, with a view to political action. I
believe the extent of this unfortunate movement
has been overrated; but, after making all reason-
able deductions for exaggeration, enough yet
remains to excite regret, and to call .for con-
demnation. The sanctity of elections is the very
palladium of our liberty. The places where they
are held should be holy ground, where neither
fraud nor violence should be permitted to enter.
And, above all, they should not be entered by
armed parties, with a view to subject this living
element of freedom to lawless violence, thus bring-
ing dishonor upon our institutions, and weakening
respect for the laws, and impairing their obliga-
tions. I cannot be restrained by any considera-
tions from this expression of my regret and dis-
approbation. _ .
Passing now, sir, from these topics, I shall
briefly refer to the occurrences in Kansas con-
nected with the organization of its government, in
order to ascertain how far the Executive is justly
liable to the censures we have heard proclaimed,
and what course it becomes Congress to adopt in
the present conjuncture of affairs there. The
majority and minority reports of the committee
afford all the facts necessary to a just appreciation
