1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—The Territories—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
of the circumstances. I shall therefore deal mostly
with results.
The organic law made provision for the institu-
tionand operation of the government. The prin-
cipal aarent was the Governor, and under his
directions the preparatory measures were all
taken, and the elections held. Evil passions were
abroad, and in some of the districts irregular and
violent proceedings took place, of which the
committee reports give us the history. But the
necessary returns were made, and both branches
of the Legislature were declared constituted, and
were recognized by the proper authority. Some
of the returns were contested, but the seats of the
majority of both bodies, forming a legal quorum
for each, were not disputed, so that there was no
just pretense for denying the legal organization
of the Legislature. There is no need, for any pur-
pose I propose to myself, to pass in review the
local controversy concerning the first election,
the setting aside of the returns by the Governor,
the second election held by his order, or the ulti-
mate decision of the Council and House as to
the persons entitled to the contested seats in those
respective bodies; because, after the convocation
ana organization of the Legislature, the qualifica-
tion of its members was a subject within its own
jurisdiction, as an incident of its existence; as
much so as the power to preserve order. And
that jurisdiction could not be rightfully disputed
without the interposition of Congress, however
it may have been exerted, iftlcss made a question
before a judicial tribunal. This principle is uni-
versal; and the proceedingsof a Legislature cannot:
be invalidated by any allegation of erroneous decis-
ions respecting the qualification of its members, !
In the progress of this inquiry we are now
brought to the accusations against the Executive, i
What are they, and how are they prosecuted and ]
maintained ? But before proceeding to the con-
sideration of this branch of the subject, I must
request the attention of the Senate to an episode
in the progress of our investigation, which comes i
to relieve the monotony of the work. The hon-
orable Senator from New York [Mr. Seward]
has placed himself prominently among those, who
seek to charge the occurrences in Kansas to the
President; and he tells us in advance that those
who do not adopt the course which he recom-
mends, that is, the immediate admission of Kan-
sas, will reject it in " the hope of carrying African
slavery into that new Territory." His speech
was heralded before delivery, and applauded after
it; and it is evidently considered •by those, who
concur in his opinions, as the test and standard
of their views and purposes. It has been care-
fully prepared, and is an elaborate assault upon
the President, "an elaborate misconception, to
borro# the language applied to him by the Sen-
ator, and an unsparing denunciation of the course
of the Administration and of the views of a ma-
jority of the Senate, while it is made the vehicle
of opinions peculiar to the Senator, some of which
are rather shadowed forth than distinctly an-
nounced. These considerations, not less than the
high character of the speaker, give special im-
portance to his effort; and I propose, therefore, to
examine it with some attention, in order to con-
demn and correct portions of his statements and
doctrines, more particularly obnoxious to animad-
version.
But while I shall do this plainly, as the import-
ance of the subject demands, I shall do it, I trust,
inaproper spirit,and with kind personal feelings
towards the Senator. I shall apply to him no
allusion nor epithet—for it is not my habit—that
ought to offend even fastidious delicacy, except
such as is applied in his speech to the President
of the United States; and I mean to make my
application more just than his. And I shall do
this in the hope, that this lessen of the return
of the chalice—not poisoned, but vituperative 
may be profitable. That it is just, no one will
question, who considers that these assaults, not
of argument but of language—of offensive lan-
guage, upon the President, are not the result of
hasty impulse, yielded to in the heat of debate,
but of cool premeditation, prepared in the closet,
and recited in the Senate. In thus dealing with
hard and bitter words and personal imputations
towards the Chief Magistrate of the country in
relation to the performance of his official duties,
if the Senator forgot the respect due to that high
functionary as well as to himself, he should have
recollected the respect due to the Senate, and, still
more, to the country. There is no excuse for his
having spoken of what he calls the President's
defenses as "indirect," "irrelevant," "iii-tem-
fered," "sophistical," and "evasive;" of the
resident's " disingenuousness," " distortion of
the Constitution," "false and impertinent issue,"
"ambitious imbecility," " betrayal of his trust,"
" obscure and unfair statement," and for having
made use of other harsh language, heard then with
regret and surprise by almost all, and now recalled
by me with pain.
" Believe the prophets of God," said the King
of Judah, when all the men of the kingdom, with
their wives and their children, had taken refuge
in Jerusalem, dismayed at the invasion of the
i Moabites. " Believe the prophets of God, so
1 shall ye prosper." And the Senator from New
| York, more emphatic than impassioned, has read
' this portion of Jewish history, and pressed it into
his service. "Senators of the free States, "said he,
" I appeal to you: believe ye the prophets? I know
I ye do." And what is the application of this ora-
torical apostrophe? I grieve at the lamentable
descent—at the fall from the dignity of style and
subject. "You know, then, "he continued," that
slavery neither works mines nor quarries," nor
does other deeds of utilitarian value, which he
enumerates. To believe the prophets in the days
of old was the safety of Israel: to believe the
prophets in the days that are upon us is the safety
of mines, of quarries—and of abolition. We were
warned, in the time of our Saviour, that false
prophets should come to seduce " even the elect."
They are already upon us. May-the God of our
fathers, and our own God, incline the hearts of
the American people to reject their evil counsels,
and to hold on to our precious heritage of Union !
I consider the Senator's address upon that occa-
sion one of the most extraordinary displays of
legislative oratory it has ever been my fortune,
good or bad, to listen to. How he ventured upon
some of his statements, upon many of his asser-
tions and conclusions—upon the personal impu-
tations, which abound in his speech, and upon a
new edition of the higher law-doctrine, freshly
enunciated, but not amended, 1 confess my ina-
bility to comprehend. Instead of a full comment-
ary upon this effusion, "this studied, partial,
and prejudicial history," to borrow again from
the senatorial vocabulary prepared for the Presi-
dent, I shall restrict myself to transferring from
it to the Senate some of its most salient passages,
leaving them, almost without remark, to tell their
! own story and the objects of their author, and to
carry with them their own refutation.
The speech of the Senator must be yet vivid in
the recollection of the Senate. However intended,
it came upon us with a kind of theatrical effect.
Instead of being a grave and severe discussion,
befitting the subject and the place, much of it
took on the appearance of scenic representation;
and we had an impeachment, in a "comedy of
errors, "rather than a dispassionate statesmanlike
investigation. And in this contribution—whether
to justiceor party, letthe country decide—the hon-
orable Senator performed all the parts necessary
to the success of the piece. First, the author; ho
then assumed the various and incongruous char-
acters of prosecutor, of witness, of defendant, and
of judge, with due gravity and dignity " citing
the President" to the bar of the Senate, conduct-
or the trial, and pronouncing the condemnation.
If the failure has been a signal one, those who
know the Senator will be sure to attribute it to
the weakness of the cause, which could not be
saved, even by the acknowledged power of the
advocate.
After giving his version of the troubles in
Kansas, connected with the organization and pro-
ceedings of the Legislature, and " an obscure and
unfair statement it is"—this is another extract
from the speech, and spoken of the President—
the Senator .enters upon his principal object, the
inculpation of the President, without fear and
without reserve, as he says, but with the self-
confidence of one, who declares he is aware of the
gravity of the charges—with the self-confidence,
indeed, of the great Roman orator, when he ar-
raigned the proconsular robber of Sicily before
the Roiftan Senate. He prefers what he calls
his charges, which are made up of his version
of the transactions transferred to the President
Here they are:
Armed bands from Missouri seized the polls,
overpowered, or drove away the inhabitants,
usurped the elective franchise, deposited false and
spurious ballots, procured official certificates by
fraud, &c.
The Legislature established a complete and
effective foreign tyranny over the people of the
Territory.
These high-handed transactions were for the
express purpose of establishing African slavery
in the Territory by force, &c.
i Then come the application and the guilt.
The President has been an accessory to these
political transactions, wi th ful 1 complicity in regard
to the purpose for which they were committed,
i He has adopted the usurpation, and made it his
! own, and is now maintaining it with the military
arm of the Republic.
And thus are the charges against the President
prepared, and thus is he shown to be guilty.
A plain tale will put this down.
The President was officially informed that dan-
ger of resistance to the law was to be apprehended
in Kansas; and in conformity with his duty he
directed the militm-y force in that Territory, when
called on by the proper territorial authority, to
aid in the maintenance of the laws. This is the
head and front of his offense. And all the epi-
thets, profusely employed on this occasion to
describe the tyranny on one side and the abuse
and oppression on the other, and to create a cor-
responding public reprobation and indignation,
have reference to this single act—nothing more,
nothing less. The matter lies within the nar-
rowest compass, and may be summed up in two
propdfeitions:
First, the Legislature of Kansas being organ-
ized, clothed with legal forms, recognized by the
officer, to whom that duty was assigned by law,
and in full operation, the President had no more
right to interfere with that body, than the Legis-
lature had to interfere with him.
Secondly, it was the legal duty of the President
to direct the military force of the United States to
aid in enforcing the law in Kansas, when properly
informed there was danger of resistance.
So much for the sophism (another extract) of
an accusation. And now for the sophism of a
defense. _ The Senator speaks and respeaks of
the President's defenses—that is the word—as
though a formal indictment had been found
against him, and he had as formally defended
himself against many charges.
On the 31st December, 1855, the President, in
his annual message to Congress, made a brief
allusion to the affairs of Kansas, and made some
very just and opportune remarks on the political
agitation arising out of the assaults upon the
southern States; and on the 24th of January
succeeding, he communicated in another message
a detailed statement of the origin, progress, and
condition of the troubles in the Territory.
And these executive documents, laid before
Congress and the nation, in obedience to the
requjsition of the Constitution, the Senator des-
ignates as the President's defenses, thus impos-
ing on the unwary the impression of a real trial
and defense, instead of a rhetorical exhibition
And with such pertinacious gravity does he fol-
low out his system of tactics, that one of his
first complaints against the President is, that he
did not wait till his accuser, the youngest-born
of the Republic, as he rather facetiously denomi-
nates Kansas—a State born befortHts birth—had
appeared at the Capitol to prosecute him, but
unfairly made his defenses to Congress before
the proper time. That is, when divested of all
tropes, the President actually communicated to
Congress and to his constituents, the American
people, two messages, containing his views of
the state of affairs in Kansas, ana rendering an
account of his stewardship,—before the new
candidate for admission into the Union had ap-
peared here by her " two chosen Senators, and
one Representative"—unheard-of "tyranny,"
" suppression," " usurpation," " oppression,"
" subjugation," " submission," " disfranchise-
ment," " mockery," and whatever other obnox-
