1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
under the present law. I ask that this bill, con-
firming their title, may be passed now.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. The Committee on Public
Lands have been entitled to the floor for a little
over two weeks, and out of that time they have
not had an opportunity, for two hours, to present
the business of that committee; and I must now
object to any business which interferes further
with their right.
BUSINESS RELATING TO PUBLIC DEFENSE.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the 8th, 9th, and 10th days of July next,
be set apart lor the consideration of bills Ji'orn the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, relating to the public detcnse of the
country, and that said bills be made the special order for
those days.
Mr. WALBR1DGE. I object.
PUBLIC LANDS FOR WISCONSIN.
Mr. BENNETT, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill granting public lands to
the State of Wisconsin to aid in the construction
of railroads in said State; which was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask that the bill may be
read.
The bill, which was read, provides that there be
granted to the State of Wisconsin, for the pur-
pose of aiding in the construction of a railroad
from the city of Madison to a point on Lake St.
Croix, between townships twenty-five and thirty-
one; and from thence to Lake Superior; and also
from Fond du Lac, on Lake Winnebago, north-
erly, to the northern boundary of the State of
Michigan, every alternate section of land, desig-1
nated by odd numbers, for six sections in width j
on each side of said roads. But in case it shall
appear that the United States have, when the
line or route of said roads are definitely fixed,
sold any section, or any part thereof, granted
as aforesaid, or that the right of preemption
has attached to the same, it shall be lawful for
any agent, or agents, to be appointed by the
Governor of said State to select from the lands
of the United States nearest to the tier of sections
above specified, so much land in alternate sec-
tions, or parts of sections, as shall be equal to
such lands as the United States have sold, or
otherwise appropriated, or to which the right of
has attached as aforesaid; which
' l for
tthe
lands shall in no case be further than fifteen miles
from the line of the roads in each case, and se-
lected for, and on account of, said roads: pro-
vided further, that the lands so granted shall be
exclusively applied in the construction of that
road for which it was granted and selected, and
shall be disposed of only as the work progresses,
and the same shall bo applied to no other purpose
whatsoever: and provided further, that any and all
lands reserved to the United States by any act of
Congress for the purpose of aiding in any object
of internal improvement, or in any manner for
any purpose whatsoever, be reserved to the Uni-
ted States from the operation of the act, except
so far as it may be found necessary to locate the
route of said railroads through such reserved
lands; in which case the right of way only shall
be granted, subject to the approval of the Presi-
dent of the United States.
it also provides, that the sections and parts of
sections of land which, by such grants, shall re-
main to the United States within six miles on each
side of said roads, shall not be sold for less than
double the minimum price of the public lands
when-sold; nor become subject to private entry
until the same have been first offered at public sale
at the increased price; that the lands so granted
shall be subject to the disposal of the Legislature
of said State for the purposes aforesaid, and no
other; and the said railroads shall be and remain
public highways for the use of the Government
of the United States, free from toil or other charge
upon the transportation of property or troops of
the United States; that the lands so granted to
said State shall be disposed of only m the man-
ner following: thata quantity of land, not exceed-
ing one hundred and twenty sections, and included
within a continuous length of twenty miles of
said roads, maybe sold; and when the Governor
of said State shall ccrtify to the Secretary of the
Interior thatany twenty continuous miles of said
roads are completed, then another like quantity
of land hereby granted may be sold;'and so, from
time to time, until said roads are completed; and
if said roads are not completed within ten years,.
no further sale shall be made, and the lands un-
sold shall revert to the United States; that the
United States mail shall be transported over said
roads, under the direction of the Post Offiec De-
partment, at such price as Congress may by law
direct: provided, that until such price is fixed by
law, the Postmaster General shall have the power
to determine the same.
Mr. BENNETT. I wish to send up to the
Clerk's desk, and have read, a statement of the
quantity of land embraced in this bill.
The document was read, as follows:
Estimates of the quantity of vacant public lands in the
sections, designated by odd numbers, embraced in the bill
proposing a grant of alternate sections to aid in the con-
struction of railroads, on the following described route s, in
the State of Wisconsin:
Miles.
From Madison to Lake St. Croix   210
From Lake St. Cioix to Lake Supenor  1J8
From Fond Ju Lac, northerly, to the north
boundary of Wisconsin 
JIctps.
460,800
207,360
380,160
503 1,018,320
Mr. BENNETT. I move the previous question
on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. H. MARSHALL called for tellers on the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Faulkner were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
poited—ayes 68, noes 50.
So there was a second.
The question being on ordering the main
question,
Mr. ALLISON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ball, Baibonr, Barksdale, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bowie,
Brenton, Broom, Bufiinton, Burlingaine, Caruthers, Cliat-
fee, Claw&on, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Comins, Cullen,
Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Dickson,
Dodd, Duifee, Edie, Edwards, Henry M. Fuller, Biddings,
Gilbert, Granger, Greenwood, Thomas 11. Horton, Hughs-
ton, Kelly, Knowlton, Lmdley, Mace, Matteson, Maxwell,
KiMian Miller, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Parker, Peck, Pelton,
Pennington, Phelps, Pringle, Kichardson, Sandidge, Sapp,
Simmons, Samuel A. Smith,. William R. Smith, Spinner,
Stephens, Stranahan, Taylor, Tlionngton, Thurston, 'ly-
son, Vail, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, Walker, Cad-
waladcr C. Wasliburne, Isiael Wat-libum, VVclcli, Welle,
Williams. Woodintf, and Woodwortll-—75.
NAPS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Bell, Bliss,
Boyce, Bradshaw, Branch, John P. Campbell, C.ulile, C<is-
kie, Clmginan, Howell Cobb, Cox, Craigo, Cumbnck, Den-
ver, Dick, Ednmndson, Elliott, Faulkner, Florence, Foster,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Goode, Giow, liarlan,
Sampson W. Hairis, Haven, Hickman, Hotfman, Hollo-
way, Valentine B. Horton, George W.Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Knapp, Knight, Kunkel, Letcher, Lumpkin, Hum-
phrey Mai shall, Mcttueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan,
Morrill, Murray, Panic, Porry, 1'uttit, Purviancea Purjear,
Reade, iiitchie, Rivers, Roberts, Kntiin, Sabm, Savage,
Scott, William Smith, Sliced, Stanton, Talbott, Tappan,
Todd, Tiafton, Tnppe, Underwood, W'arner, and Wins-
low—72.
So the main question was ordered.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DAVIDSON said: I am requested by the
honorable Mr. Burnett, a Representative from
Kentucky, to state that which I know to be the
fact—that for the last four or five days he has
been confined to his room by indisposition, and
for that reason he has not been in his seat, and is
not here now.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. STANTON moved to lay the bill upon the
tabic, and called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 69, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Bingham, Bliss,
Bocock, Boyce, Bradshaw, Branch, Brooks, Cadvvalader,
John P. Campbell, Carlile, Caskie, Clmgman, Howell Cobb,
Cox, Craigo, Cumback, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dick,
Edmundson, Elliott, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Galloway,Goode, Grow, liarlan, Havi 'i Herbert, Hickman,
Holloway, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Keitt, Kid-
well, Kunkel, Letcher, Humphrey Marshall, McUueen,
Smith Miller, Millson, Morrill, Murray, Andrew Ouvcr,
Paine, Pettit, Purviance, Puryear, Keade, Ritchie., Rivers,
Roberts, Ruffin, Savage, Scott, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Sneed, Stanton, Stewait, Talbott, Tnppe, \ail,
Warner, and Window—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ball, Barbour, Barksdaie, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billinghttrst, Bisfoop, Brenton, Broom,
Buffmton,'Burlingame, CaruUiers, Chance, Clawson, Wil-
liamson It. W. Cobb, Coming, Ciagin, Cuflen, Davidson,'
Dickson, Dodd, BUrfee, Edie, F-tefiry M'..
Fuller. Gilbert, Granger, Greemvood,.Samp30n W. Harris,
Thomas R. Horton, Hugliston, Kelly, Kemiett, Knapp, -
Knigllt, Knowlton, Lindloy, Mace, Matteson, Maxwell,
Killian Miller,Morgan, Orr, Parker, Peek, felloe, l'enmng-
ton, Perry, Phelps, Pike, Pringle, Kichardson, Sabin, Sain-. .
didge, Sapp, Simmons, William R. Smith, Spiil tier, Ste-
phens, Stranahan, Taylor, Tlionngton, Thurston, Toddj
Tyson, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, "Walker, Cadwal-'
ader C. Wasliburne, Welch, Wells, Woodrufi', and Wood-
worth—76.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, stated that om
this railroad bill he had paired off with Mr. Haul,
of Iowa.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BENNETT. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table."
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman has not got
the floor to make that motion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of order. After the bill was ordered to
its third reading, the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Bennett] gained the floor, was recognized
by the Chair, and moved the previous question.
The first question, therefore, in order must be on
seconding the call for the previous question on the
passage of the bill; and if it be seconded, then tlie
previous question cuts off any debate on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. LETCHER. Allow me to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to an occurrence that took
place hero the other day, where the previous
question was pending, and where the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. H. Marshall] moved to-
reconsider the vote by which a bill was ordered
to be engrossed.
Mr. WASHBURN. I remember that case,,
and I thought at that time that the gentleman,
from Kentucky had no right to discuss the ques-
tion; because I remember very well that, when
the bill to reorganize the courts of the District, of
Columbia was before the last House of Repre-
sentatives, it was ruled by the Speaker that, on
a motion to reconsider, debate was not in order,
and that decision was sustained by the House.
Mr. LETCHER. Let me say to mv friend
from Maine that, if he thought the other day-
that discussion was not in order in such a case,
lie ought to have said so then, and jjot waited till
to-day to raise that point.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
the vote ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time is in order; but if the question
of order be raised, the Chair will decide that the
gentleman from New York having called the pre-
vious question, debate is not in order under the
rules of the House; but the motion to reconsider
is in order.
Mr. LETCHER. And how was that bill
debated the other day? Docs the Speaker hold
that I am in order ? .
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
is in order.
Mr. WASHBURN. But my point of order
is that debate is not in order. _ ,
The SPEAKER. The previous question being
pending, it is not in order to debate the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. LETCHER. The motion to reconsidcr
is a privileged question as I take it, and the
other is held in abeyance until it be decided.
The SPEAKER. That is undoubtedly true,
but the rules of the House preclude debate while
the previous question is pending.
Mr. STEPHENS. On what is the previous
question pending?
The SPEAKER. On the passage of the bill,
Mr. STEPHENS. That question is postponed
by a privileged question, which is the question of
reconsidering. The motion to reconsider made
by the gentleman from Virginia, is. not aiiectea
at all, I submit, by the call for the jirewoos ques-
! tion on the passage of the bill. . -
