1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBl.
m
given, to enable the United States to make use
of the solar compass in the Surveys of the public
lands; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. WALDRON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, to provide for the completion of the public
piers of the harbor of Monroe, in the State of
Michigan; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. HALL, of Iowa, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolutions; which were
severally read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be mstiucted to inquire into the necessity of a
post route (roni Ccnterville in the State of Iowa, through
tlie county seats in the southern tier of counts in said
Stale, to Nebiaska City, in the Territory of Nebias«k<t.
Rriolved, That the Committee on Commerce be m-
stiucted to inqune into the necessity of making an appro-
priation for the conduction of a building for the maime
hospital at the city of Keokuk, upon the Mississippi river,
in the State of Iowa,
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be instructed to
procure from the Court of Claims the paper in refeience
to House bill (No 7-26) for the lelief of Joseph Kerr, which
was referred by the last Congiess to the Court of Claimkj
and that the same be referied to the Committee on the Post
Office and Po.->t Roads.
Mr. WELLS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following bills, of which previous no-
tice had been given; which were severally read
a first and second time by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce:
A bill making an appropriation for continuing
the improvement of the harbor of Milwaukic,
Wisconsin;
A bill making an appropriation for continuing
the improvement of the harbor of Racine, Wis-
consin; and
A bill making an appropriation for continuing
the improvement of the harbor of Kenosha, Wis-
consin.
Mr. W. also, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire into the expediency of providing for ihe estab-
lishment of a marine hospital at Mtlwaukie, Wisconsin,
and that they report thereon by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WELLS also presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, asking
the payment of a certain claim for arresting and
keeping a certain United States prisoner; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. WELLS, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of thf Hou*e the papers 111 the, cas-e of WiJJidin J. Sears, a
soldier 111 the lale war with Great Britain, lor the purpose
of reference m the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill, of which pre-
vious notice had been given, for continuing the
improvement of the harbor of Waukegan, Illi-
nois; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. HERBERT introduced the following bills;
which were severally read a first and second time
by their titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill to create an additional land district in the
State of California. Referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
A bill to indemnify citizens and inhabitants of
the United States for depredations committed on
their property by Indians, within the limits of
the State of California.
Mr. HERBERT. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DUNN. I would simply suggest to the
gentleman from California that, as I understand,
there is a general law providing for all matters of
this sort. If it does not extend to the State of
California, it is an easy matter to ascertain that
fact; and perhaps, therefore, the matter had better
go to the Committee on the Judiciary, to ascer-
tain how the fact is.
Mr. HERBERT. I am aware of the existence
of that law. I move, then, to refer the bill to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. FLAGLER introduced a bill for continu-
ing the improvement of Oak Orchard harbor, on
Lake Ontario; which was read a first and second (
time by its title, and referred to the Committee j
on Commerce. :
Mr. LANE offered the following resolutions; I
which were read, considered, and agreed to: j
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be ,
instructed to inquire into the ne<:o??itv of organizing a i
regiment of mounted rangers for the protection of the Set-
tlements of Oregon and Washington Territories, and State
of California, from Indian depredations; and that they
report by bill or otherwise.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the necessity of providing, bv law,
suitable buildings for the detention and confinement of >.
prisoners arrested oi sentenced under the laws of the Uiu- !'
ted States, in the State of Wi?con>-iu, and in the State of ,
Ohio.
Mr. ANDERSON introduced a bill to reim-
burse citizens of Oiegon and Washington Terri-
tories for property taken or destroyed by the
Indians in the years 1855 and 1856; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WHITFIELD introduced the following
bills; which were severally read a first and second
time by their respective titles, and referred as
indicated below:
A bill to establish two additional land districts
in the Territory of Kansas. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. ®
A bill to protect town sites in Kansas and
Nebraska. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A bill to provide for the construction of roads,
bridges, and a geological survey, in the Territory
of Kansas. Referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Mr. GREENWOOD introduced a bill to
enlarge and repair the jail in the county of Craw-
ford, State of Arkansas, for the better security of
prisoners to be tried befote the district court of
the United States for the western district of Ar-
kansas; winch was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, introduced the fol-
lowing bills; which were severally read a first
and second time by their titles, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce:
A bill for the improvement of the navigation
of the Patapsco river, and to render the port of
Baltimore accessible to the war steamers of the
United States, and
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
Susquehanna river, in Maryland.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Rciob-eJ, That the Judiciary Committee be, and are
hereby, mstiucted to inquire into and tepoiion the propriety
of changing existing laws, so that po^tmasteis throughout
the United States and the Territories thereof shall be elected
by the people.
Mr. SAGE introduced a bill continuing the
improvements to the channel of the Hudson river,
above and below Albany, in the State of New
York: which was read a "first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that, when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
I will state my reason for that motion. In
common with others, 1 am employed here every
morning, so as that I am denied an opportunity
to attend to any business at the Departments. I
have business on hand now which requires atten-
tion, and will occupy me to-morrow and next
day.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would also add
that, by the rules, to-morrow and next day are
assigned to private bills; and there are no private
bills on the Calendar.
Mr. WAKEMAN called for the yeas and nays
on Mr. Letcher's motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of taking up
the deficiency bill.
Mr. H. MARSHALL; I cSlc tie gtenflwiiift ff>
withdraw that motion, to enable me to introduce
a resolution of inquiry to whicli there will be no
objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will withdraw for tBat
purpose.
PRISONERS IN CHINA.
Mr. H.MARSHALL then, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved. That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
into and report upon the propriety of acquiring, by lease-
hold^ sites in the free poits of Ohjna tor the erection of
public buildings for the detention of prisoners arrested on
sentence under the laws of the United .Slates; and that they
report by bill or otherwise.
HOUSE CHAPLAIN.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, hy unanimous con-
sent, reported back from the Committee on the
Judiciary certain petitions upon the subject of
abolishing the chaplaincy of the House; which
were laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed*
! DEFICIENCY BILL AGAIN.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now renew my motion,
i that the House resolve itself into the Commiitee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mi. Pennington in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the first business in
ordt;r to bo the consideration of the President's
annual message, upon which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr, Grow] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to waive his right to the floor, in
order that I may move to take up the deficiency
bill, and dispose of it to-day. %
Mr. GROW. If it is understood that the de-
fieioncy bill is to bo taken up and disposed of with-
out general discussion, I am willing to waive my
right to the floor for to-day.
The CHAIRMAN. Docs the gentleman from
Pennsylvania waive his right to the floor?
Mr. GROW. Not unless it is with the under-
standing that I shall be entitled to the floor when
the President's annual message again comes up;
and with the understanding that there is to be no*
general discussion upon the deficiency bill. I am
willing to waive my right to speak now, if I can
facilitate the public business thereby, but not
otherwise. I ask the Chair whether, in case the
committee now proceeds to take up the deficiency
bill, I shall be entitled to the floor when the Pres-
ident's annual message again comes up ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will be entitled to the floor.
Mr. GROW. I will then yield the floor to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move, then,
that the committee take up the deficiency bill for
consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the committee
proceeded to consider House bill (No. 68) to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1856.
On motion by Mr. LETCHER, the first read-
ing of the bill was dispensed with, and the Clerk
proceeded to read it by clauses, for amendment*
When the following item was reached:
Forincreased salary of the Governor of New Mexico, per
act of July 27, 1854, .§1,929 35.—
Mr. HOUSTON said: I presume that item
arises out of the act of 1854, increasing the salary
of the Governor of New Mexico; but if it arises
properly, from a correct construction of that law,
it should have been provided for in a previous
bill. I do not see how it comes in here as a de-
ficiency.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I send to the Clerk's
desk the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury,
which will explain the clause.
The Clerk lead the letter, as follows:
Treasury Department, February 14,1856.
Sir : The thiid section of the act of 9th September, 1850,
(Little & Brown, 9, page 447,) provides that the Governor
of New Mexico shall perform the duties and receive the
emoluments of superintendent of Indian affairs ; and the
twelfth section that he shall receive an annual salary of
$1,500 as Governor, and $1,000 as superintendent of In-
dian affairs.
By thtfact of the 27th of July, 1854, volume 9, page 311,
to increase the salaries of judiciary o&cers
