1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2iar
of iron, it shall cost no more than §86,32210 more;
but the gentleman from Louisiana thinks it prob-
able that such a building would not be adapted
to the purpose in so warm a climate. I under-
stand his meaning to be that it shall not be built
of iron. There are a great many things to be
considered in questions of this description which
I shall not go into. The Treasury Department
has a great anxiety to make an experiment to test
the value of iron as the principal material in all
the public buildings; not only the hospitals in the
South and North, but the custom-houses, court-
rooms, and post offices. It is supposed that, in
the climate of New Orleans, it may be the judg-
ment of experts on this subject, and of medical
boards, that a thin shell of iron alone would be
too hot; that it would not bo suitable for an hos-
pital, and would have bad ventilation. This is
what I understand the Senator from Louisiana to
state.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I stated nothing of the
kind. I said it had been suggested such might
be the case; and therefore, the delegation from
Louisiana desired to leave that subject to the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Treasury. That
is where the amendment leaves it. If he desires
to build the structure of iron, he can do so. It
would be a handsome building if constructed of
iron, of course.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I understand it
perfectly well, and do not impute anything more
to the honorable Senator than he has just said.
I think, however, that, when the subject comes to
be investigated, it will be found that this limita-
tion concludes the Secretary of the Treasury;
that it really leaves him no discretion; that lie j
cannot build it of iron, because, in order to make it I
siiitable to such an objcct as an hospital, or,per- I
haps, a custom-house, or any other public build- >
ing in a latitude as low as New Orleans, it would j
be necessary to line the iron shell on the inside
with burnt brick or some other dry material, and 1
thatisnotprovidedforbytheamendment. I tlunk !
such a lining would obviate the objections which i
are being made to the construction of iron public
buildings in such a climate as that of New Orleans.
The objection is, that an iron building would be i
too warm for the comfort of the inmates, whether i
they be officers of the Government in the receipt ,|
of customs, or patients or invalids thrown into an ,
hospital like this. That objection can bo obvi- I j
ated in the mode I have suggested. It was with !'
a view to this object that I rose to inquire why 1
the peculiar language of this limitation, that, " if !
built of iron," the hospital shall cost no more than I
$86,000? Why not let the larger appropriation
remain, and say, " if built of iron and brick, or
brick and lire-proof, it shall be jjl50,000r" We j
know that jobs for furnishing brick and other i
materials are very much desired in all localities.
They ate contended for, and the furnishing them
is made a point by local contractors and jobbers.
All I want is, to have the question fairly de-
cided, whether iron is a proper material for pub-
lic buildings of this description! I do not mean
to preclude the proper discretion of the Depart-
ment, or to disregard the opinion of medical au-;
thorities; but I desire that this proposition shall;
be in a shape which will really leave a fair dis- j
cretion. I say that, in the shape in which it is i
now proposed, discretion is precluded; and under >
it iron cannot be employed at all, except for the !
shells and outer walls of the building; and that j
is already decided against. Why not say in the >
bill that the hospital may be built of iron and of j
brick fire-proof, the outer walls of iron, and an
addition of brick, if thought expedient, for a sum
not exceeding the additional appropriation of
$151,659 ? I should like this question to be cate-
gorically and candidly answered.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator from Ten-
nessee will permit me, I think I can explain this
amendment.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I yield the floor
with pleasure.
Mr. SLIDELL. The sum appropriated by the
act of last session is much below the lowest bid
that has been made for the erection of a marine
hospital, constructed either of iron or of brick.
The Secretary of the Treasury has made two
estimates, by one of which it appears that, if an
additionalsum of $86,000 be appropriated, hewill
be enabled to make a building of iron with a coat-
ing of brick. With the sum of £150,000 he will
be enabled to make it of brick, without reference
to iron, except in certain portions of the build-
ing, the outer surface of the building having no
iron.
The Senator from Tennessee says he is very
desirous that the experiment shaii be fairly tested,
whether iron is a proper material for the construc-
tion of public buildings. I would suggest to the
Senator from Tennessee, that the experiment
might be more properly made anywhere else
than in an excessively hot climate, and in a
building intended for the reception of three hun-
dred or four hundred fever patients. If his ex-
periment should turn out to be a bad one, the
consequence would probably be, the destruction
of a great many valuable lives. We are perfectly
willing that the Secretary of the Treasury, after
full examination of the facts of the case, shall
decide whether this building shall he of brick or
iron, according to his best judgment. But the
object of this amendment—and there is no other
object, although the Senator from Tennessee
thinks he discovers some oilier—is to give the
Secretary of the Treasury ample discretion to
select the one or the other building as he may
think proper. There is no covert purpose about
it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not mean to
SP,y that there is any covert purpose, but that is
the effect, in my opinion.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 confess I cannot see the
force of the objection.
Mr. BELL, of ri rennessec. "Will my friend
from Louisiana give way for one moment?
Mr. SLIDELL. I will listen with pleasure to
my friend from Tormossee.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, If you limit the
appropriation for an iron building to $86,000,
and do not make any appropriation for lining it
with burnt or dry hno.k, you ncccssarily prevent
the Secretary from erecting an iron building.
Mr. SLIDELL. My collea gue has a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury on that very
poms, which, if lie will read it, will, I Hunk,
satisfy the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Ten-
nessee is entirely mistaken. The £86,000 is re-
quired for finishing the building if built of iron
with the Jinni£. Here is a ktier from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury which I did not read before.
I did not suppose the matter could be miscon-
strued. He says:
Treahi'ry DcrARTML>'T. 8, 1856.
Pm • hu-Srwd a find a ihawmq of-he pioposed marine
hospital at New Os leans. Tile capacity of the proposed
building docs not exceed the jequaements ot that poit in
sickly seasons; (viz Au iwo hundred prison's, with a con-
venient arrangement of the bed*, yet will admit of three
bundled on extiaordmaiy emergencies.)
The foundation pioposed and estimated for if to be piled,
&r., required for a permanent and healthy building.
The estimate for the brick building is ku one of the be^t
qualify, (outside faced with preyed buck,) with double
walls,"and brick arches for She Uoni?., limine the door and
window frames;, the flooring, beams5, and gndei*, the stair-
ways, the roof, the domes, and the porticoes of iron.
The estimate for the iron building is lor wall?' composed
of iron frame?, laced upon their outside with iron plates,
and the space between said plate? and the plastering of the
rooms filled up with a pioper lion-conducting matenal. in
other respect^ the construction to be Mnnlar to the brick
one.
The building, whether of brick or of iron, to be entirely
fire-ptoof.
1 have the honor to be, very respectfully,
JAMES GUTHRIE.
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. R. M. T. HrxTnit,
Chairman Committee on Finance, United Stale*. Senate.
i
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. What is the appro- I
priation required for ? I
Mr. BENJAMIN. This appropriation is for j
a brick or iron building.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. There may be no
difference, but what strikes me is the wording of
this amendment,, that, " if built entirely of iron,"
the work shall cost only $86,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I used the language of the
Secretary in his communication. If the gentle- j
man will fix it in any way he pleases to preclude [
the conclusion which he fears will be anjwn, I i
shall be satisfied.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I think there is no
question, that if you limit the Secretary to a
building "entirely of iron," you exclude, of
course, any lining of brick, or other non-eonduct-
ing material. That was why I said at first that
I thought it was intended to preclude the exercise
of any discretion on that point. . I thought that
was the object. 1 did not say there'was anything -
covert in it. I think, now, this is not in accord.--
ance with the recommendation of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. BENJAMIN.. It is in his own language,
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The provision is,
that if built of brick and fire-proof it shall cost ~
so much; and if built entirely of iron, another
sum. That does not include lining with a non-
conductor, which is spoken of in the letter that
has been read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly it does. There-
can be no building entirely of iron—simple iron
plates. The letter which I last read is dated
two days later than the former one, and explains
it. That says, " the estimate for the iron build-
ing (that is what, he calls in the other letter a
building entirely of iron) is for walls composed
of iron frames, faced upon their outside with iron
plates, and the space between said plates and the
plastering of the rooms filled up with a proper
non-conducting material." That is what he calls
a building entirely of iron.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. But that is not
entirely of iron.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let it be amended as the
gentleman pleases.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I am astonished
that my friend from Pennsylvania does not move
to strike it out altogether.
Mr. WELLER. Strike out "iron?"
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Then you leave
nothing but a building of brick. My object is
to leu\e the discretion with the Secretary of the
Ti easu ry. 1 believe I may say, there is no proof
existing- before the Secretary, that the experiment
might not be made with iron in that low latitude;
but he would be perfectly willing to make the
experiment if Congress would authorize him to
do so by a sufficient appropriation. I should like
to oiler ail amendment to strike out the limitation.
1 move to strike out the limitation, and that will
allow the fair exercise of discretion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let the clause be read, as
the Senator from Tennessee proposes to amend
it.
s The Secretary read it,as follows:
! For th<? completion of the m'trme bo-pital, nt New Or-
; le;ui-, m addition 10 the appiopuation heietofore made by
, an act uppioved August 4, $Ui,659 '20.
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is exactly
; what my colleague does not want. That pre-
I eludes the use of iron altogether.
I Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. My object is to
j make the appropriation $151,659, and strike out
! both limitations. If my colleague thinks it makes
any difference, I will provide for leaving it to the
discretion of the Secretary to use one material, or
the other, or both, athis discretion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Department
asks for an additional appropriation of $80,000,
provided the hospital be built of iron, or $151,000
if it be built of brick. My colleague consents to
the stiiking out of the iron part, and confines the
Secretary to the brick, so that he can get no iron
at all.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I consented to no
such nonsense.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is the way
it reads.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I leave a simple
appropriation of $151,000; and I hope the Senator
from Pennsylvania will add an amendment to that,
to allow the Secretary of the Treasury to have
the discretion of building the hospital either with
brick or iron, or both,at his discretion. That is
the object I have in view—not to compel the
Secretary to build of one or the other material,
but to let lnm have the discretion of selecting it.
Mr. SLIDELL. That is the intention.
Mr. HALE. I desire to call the attention of
the friends of this amendment to the fact that, by
a decision of the Comptroller of the Treasury,
if theje is any estimate put in for acertain amount,
and you make an appropriation of that amount,
it makes the estimate a part of the law. There-
fore, if the estimates for a brick building be.
$150^300, and you appropriate §150,000, by a
solemn decision of the Com ptroller of the Treas-
ury, that is a law compelling him to make it of
brick.
Mr. BIGLER. That is an argument clearly
against the amendment of the Senator from Ten-
