1260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
• Suppose, at this stage of the proceedings, the
gentleman from Maine should call up the privi-
leged question of the Nebraska contested-election
case, surely that could not be affected by the call
for the previous question. This motion to recon-
sider is a privileged question, and has nothing at
all to do with the other.
The SPEAKER. With the leave of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, the Chair takes a different
view. The question to reconsider being a privi-
leged question, takes precedence of the call for
the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS. Certainly it does.
The SPEAKER. But it is still subject to the
rviles of the House; and those rules preclude
debate. In the case which the gentleman from
Georgia supposes, where an election case comes
on, it sets aside the whole business before the
House, and introduces a new matter, as to which
the previous question of course is not pending.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I have a single sug-
gestion to make. By the ruling of the Chair, it
is placed in the power of any member of the House
to stop debate; because, if the previous question
were moved on a motion to reconsider, it would
require a majority of the House to second it.
If tho majority voted down the second, the de-
bate would go on; but when yo'u make the pre-
vious question, called on the passage of the bill,
apply to the motion to reconsider, the House is
forced to dispose of the motion to reconsider, one
member alone being able to stop debate upon it.
It never has been so held. Sucli is my recollec-
tion of the practice of the House. I think that
the Chair is clearly wrong. Ho allows—and I
call his attention to the fact—one member, by
calling the previous question on one question, to
stop debate on another and totally different ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURN. Only until the House
decides whether it will sustain the previous ques-
tion or not.
Mr. COBB. But the motion to reconsider has
to be disposed of before the seconding of the call
for the previous question on the passage of the
bill is reached. We are compelled to vote on the
motion to reconsider without debate, at the in-
stance of one member of this House. It has
never before been so held, as far as my recollec-
tion goes. The decision is clearly wrong; and I
trust that the gentleman from Maine will with-
draw l\is point of order.
Mr. WASHBURN. I will not withdraw my
question of order. I was shut out from debate
on a proposition under similar circumstances. I
recollect the case well.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to make an
inquiry of the Chair. If it is not in order for
me to debate this question—having moved to re-
consider—why did the Chairallow tliegentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. II. Marshall] to debate
the question the other day on identically the
same motion ?
The SPEAKER. The circumstances were
different. The gentleman from Kentucky was
recognized before the previous question was
called. He made the motion to reconsider before
the previous question was called. That was the
fact in the case to which the gentleman from Vir-
ginia refers.
Mr. LETCHER. Another inquiry, if the Chair
please. Under the (loeision just made, if the call
for the previous question be sustained, and the
bill*put on its passage, what, then, will become of
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time ? Will it ever be got at'
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can have it
decided now.
Mr. LETCHER. Then one member prevents
all discussion on a privileged question.
. The SPEAKER. The effect on the other side
is the same; one member can prevent the House
closing debate if the view taken by the gentle-
man from Virginia be correct. The Chair is in-
formed, by those on whom he relies in matters of
this nature, that, by the uniform practice of tho
House, where the previous question is called,
debute is not admitted on a motion to reconsider;
but the motion to reconsider, being a privileged
question, it is admitted, and will bedecided, sub-
ject only to prevention of debate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the Speakerwill allow
me, I will refer him to two cases m the last Con-
gress, which old members may recollect, where
the decisions were different from the one now
made. Those decisions were in unison with the
uniform practice of the House. The Speaker of
the last Congress, however, held, toward the close
of his term, as the Chair holds in this instance.
The first case was that of the clerks' bill, which
was brought in by a gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, (Mr. Robbins;) the gentleman from Tenncs-
•see [Mr. Jones] moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time, and made a speech in favor
of the motion. I followed him, and made a speech.
The second case was that of the indigent insane
bill. Mr. Bissell called for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill, as is done to-day.
I then took the floor, and moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to its engross-
ment and third reading, and made aspecch against
the bill. Those cases will bo found in the Globe.
Subsequently the Speaker of tho last Congress
told me that, on a reexamination of the case, he
came to the conclusion that he had been wrong
in allowing debate in the cases I have mentioned.
He then held as the Chair now holds. Up to that
time I never heard a like decision made. If the
Speakerwill look out the cases I have referred to,
he will find the facts as I state them. The ques-
tion ought to be settled one way or the other. I
think the current of former decisions is as is
stated by the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. COBB. I have no distinct recollection of
any decision on this question, but my opinion is
based on reasons which are very clear to my
mind. Whatever have been the decisions in the
last or preceding Congresses, I think that the
present decision is a wrong one, and ought to be
corrected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When the Chair
announced the result of the last vote, the gentle-
man from New York and the gentleman from
Virginia rose simultaneously and addressed tho
Speaker. The Speaker, as is customary, recog-
nized the gentleman from New York, he having
reported the bill. That gentleman then called for
the previous question on the passage of the bill.
The gentleman from Virginia was recognized by
the Chair, and then moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to lie engrossed
and read a third time. It is a privileged motion,
and takes precedence, I think, of the "call for the
previous question. Under the privileged motion
the call for the previous question stands as though
not made at all. It is in abeyance until the mo-
tion to reconsider is disposed of. Now, if the call
for the previous question, made by tho gentleman
from New York, can operate to exclude all de-
bate on tho privileged motion of the gentleman
from Virginia, then it takes precedence of that
motion; and indeed that motion cannot be made
at all, for it only can come in as a privileged mo-
tion. I am aware that the Speaker of the last
House of Representatives did, when there was
great noise and excitement in tho Hall, make a
decision similar to that made by the Speaker on
the present occasion. I appealed from that ruling;
but as I was then, as I am frequently now,
in the minority, the majority voted to sustain the
decision of the Chair. I thought the decision
was wrong then, and 1 entertain the same opinion
now.
Mr. WASHBURN. A single word. I will
make a statement which will, 1 think, place this
case in the clearest light. Suppose the previous
question ordered now: would any gentleman con-
tend that it would not be the first business of the
House to vote on the question—the House having
ordered the main question to be put, which is,
Shall the bill pass? Of course that would be the
first question m order. The House declares that
the question shall be now taken on the passage
of the bill. The bill is passed. The gentleman
from New York rises to a question of privilege,
and moves to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was passed; and also that the motion to re-
consider be laid oil the table. The latter motion
is agreed to. Then the gentleman from Virginia
cannot possibly get at the other motion to recon-
sider. The gentleman from New York has called
for the previous question, and the House can do
nothing but sustain, or refuse to sustain, that call.
If it be voted down, then the question comes up
in order on the motion to reconsider, made by the
gentleman from Virginia, and it may be debated.
If it be sustained, then the House declares that
it will now proceed to vote on the main question,
Shall the bill pass? It will be competent to place
the matter beyond the motion of the gentleman
from Virginia.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Is not the motion
to lay on the table a proper motion after the call
for the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. After the motion to recon-
sider, it is in order to move to lay that motion
on the table.
_ Mr. FULLER. It is in order, notwithstand-
ing the call of the gentleman from New York for
the previous question?
The SPEAKER. Undoubtedly; but the ques-
tion is to be decided without debate, In the
opinion of the Chair the motion of the gentleman
from Virginia is in order, and precedes the motion
of the gentleman from New York. It is a priv-
ileged question; but under the rules of the House
it must be decided without debate. The call for
the previous question cuts off all debate; but the
privileged question will be received and passed
upon by the House. The Chair is of the opinion
that it is the logical conclusion from the rules of
the House that this question should be decided
without debate. The difficulty.suggested by the
gentleman from Virginia is the same on one side
as it is on the other. If a member move to recon-
sider, the previous question having been callcd,
then, if he be allowed to debate it, one member
cuts off from the House the right to close debate,
[f, as the gentleman from Georgia says, a mem-
ber has the right, but cannot debate it, it puts it
in the power of the member calling the previous
question to cut off debate. But that is under the
rules of the House. The difficulty is the same
in the one case as in the other.
Mr. LETCHER. It is not often that I appeal
from a decision of the Chair; but I consider this
one so manifestly wrong, that I think I should
not do justice to myself, or do justice at least to
a large minority of this House, if I didnotappeal
in this case, to see whether or not thereis adelib-
erate purpose to choke off all dr.hate.
Mr. 0K.R. I desire to make an inquiry of the
Chair. Has the previous question been sustained ?
The SPEAKER. It has simply been called by
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. STEPHENS. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the appeal.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question, '^piall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?" was then
taken; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
92, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Ball, Barbour, Barclay, Barks-
dale, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bishop, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Brenlon, Broom, Buffinton, Burlingame, Lewis
1). Campbell, Caruthers, Chaffee, Clawson, Chngman,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Cragin, Henry Winter
Davis, Timothy Davis, Dickson, Dodd, Edie, Edwards,
Emrie, Flagler, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Greenwood,
Grow, Harlan, Hickman, Holloway, Thomas R. I-Iorton,
Valentine B. Horton, Ilughston, Kelly, Kennett, Knapp,
Knight, KnowUon, Lindley, Mace, Humphrey Marshall,
Maites-on, Maxwell, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Morrill,
Andrew Oliver, Oir, Peek, Pelton, Pennington, Pettlt,
Pike, Pnnjjle, Purycar, Keade, Ritchie, Riveis, Robotts,
Sabm, Sandidgc, Sapp, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Sfranahan, Tappan,
Thoungton, Thurston, Tratton, Wakeman, Walbridge,
WaUhun, Walker, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Boeock, Bowie, John P. Camp-
boll, Ca^kie, Howell Cobb, Cox, Craige, Cumback, Dick,
Eihott, Floienec, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway,
Sampson W. Harris, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Keitt, Kulwell, Letcher, Lumpkin, McQueen, Smith Mil-
ler, Millson, Ruffin, Savage, Scott, William Smith, Snecd,
Stephens, Stewart, Taylor, Tuppe, Vail, Warner, Wins-
low, and Daniel B. Wnght—38.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickies, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a bill (H. R.
No. 153) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending 30th June, 1857, with amend-
ments; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
WISCONSIN LAND BILL AGAIN.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Letcher's
motion to reconsider the vote whereby the House
ordered the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
