THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
In Oregon, New Mexico, Washington, Utah, and Minne-
sota, it is provided " that the salary of the Governor of New
Mexico be, and the same is hereby, increased to the sum of
483.000."
tjpon application of the Governor of New Mexico, the
Comptroller of the Treasury examined the question of the
rate of compensation to which he was entitled, and re-
ported to me his opinion, from which I am unable to dis-
sent, that, under the foregoing provisions, he is entitled to
§3,000 as Governor, and $1,000 as superintendent, making
-together $4,000; but no more than $3,<ooo has been paid,
for wa$t of a sufficient appropriation.
If the committee take the same view of the subject, an
additional appropriation will be required, as follows:
Say, from 37th Jul;-, 1854, to 30th June, 1855  $939
For the year to end 30th June, 1856  1,000 00
For tihe year to end 30th Juue, 1857  1,000 00
Making ,%2,929 35
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Lewis D. Campbell,
Chairman Committee of Ways and Means,
House of Representatives.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose there never was
any intention upon the part of the Congress which
" raised the salary of this Governor to give the con-
struction that is given by this provision. I have
not examined the law, and therefore am not pre-
pared to say whether the construction given to it
is correct or not„but it does seem to me that, if
we are bound under it to make this appropria-
tion now, the Committee of Ways and Means
should have reported some provision by which
we should in future get clear of this extra thou-
sand dollars. Before the law of 1854 was passed,
the Governor of New Mexico received a certain
sum as Governor, and an addition as superin-
tendent of Indian affairs. We then raised his
salary as Governor to §3,000 per annum, and
placed him upon the same footing as the Governors
of Oregon and Minnesota. I ain sure that salary
was intended to cover all his services. I am not
prepared to say that this construction of the law
is not the propef one. I shall move, however, to
strike out the clause, and shall vote against its
being inserted in the bill, because I know that
Congress never intended that construction should
be given. This item was not presented to the
Committee of Ways and Means at the last Con-
gress. Ithas never been brought forward before,
and now the whole amount for three years is
brought in, as a deficiency growing out of the
, phraseology of the law. I think, if the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means persists m
retaining this item in the bill, he should, at least,
accompany it by a proviso cutting oil' this extra
allowance in future.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If the gentleman
from Alabama will examine closely the act of
1854, I think he will come to the conclusion that
the construction that has been given to it is the
correct one. The Committee of Ways and Means
wore unanimously of the opinion that it was a
correct construction. They have, however, only
reported a deficiency of$l,900, leaving the $1,000
for next year to come in the legular appropriation
bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
then report some amendment by which, in future,
this abuse will be stopped—for it is clearly an
abuse. I do not intend to say anything upon the
propriety of the construction more than to ic-
mark, that it is certainly contrary to the intention
of the Congress that passed the act. I say I am
not prepared to pass upon the correctness of this
construction, because my attention has not been
before called to it; but so thoroughly convinced
am I that the sense of Congress is not consulted
by the construction given, whether legal or not,
that I am prepared to vote against it. I again
suggest to my friend from Ohio that a provision
be added to the bill by which this construction
will be prevented, and the salary cut down to a
proper amount.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will say to the honor-
able gentleman from Alabama, that a deficiency
bill is not, perhaps, the proper bill to which such
a remedy as he proposes should be attached. It
merely contemplates the payment of a deficiency;
it does not look to the future at all. It makes pro-
vision for the past, and there is certainly no pro-
priety—none whatever—in attaching to it such a
provision as the one suggested. I have the law
here, and will read it if the gentleman desires it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rely on the gentleman to
construe the law. I have not had an opportunity
to look into the matter.
I think, something of the kind I speak of.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to explain this pro-
vision of the deficiency bill. The act organizing
the Territory of New Mexico provided that there
should be a Governor, who should receive a sal-
ary of $1,500 per annum as such. It also pro-
vided that the Governor should be ex offic to super-
intendent of Indian affairs, and that, for discharg-
ing the latter duty, he should receive $1,000. It
made his salary for Governor and superintend-
ent $3,500. During thelast Congress a bill, origin-
ating in the Senate, provided for the increase of
the salaries of the executive and judicial officers
of the Territories of the United States. It came
here, received the sanction of this body, and was
approved by the President. Among others was
the provision that the Governor of New Mexico
should have an increased salary of $3,000 per
annum. It leaves m force the provision of the
law organizing the Territory, which fixes his
salary as ex officio superintendent of Indian affairs
at $1,000 per annum, making his salary, as Gov-
ernor and superintendent of Indian affairs, §4,000.
I am of the opiuion myself that it was not the in-
tention of Congress to give him all that salary for
the discharge of the duties of both these offices. I
recollect when the bill was under consideration.
I think I was occupying the chair in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union when
the bill providing for the increase of the salaries
of these executive and judicial officers of the Ter-
ritories was before it. I am of the opinion that
the Secretary of the Treasury, when he submit-
ted his estimates at the last session of Congress,
did not think that the Governor of New Mexico,
as Governor and superintendent of Indian affairs,
was entitled to more than §3,000. Nevertheless,
on examination of those acts, I am of opinion
that the First Comptroller of the Treasury has
decided correctly, and that Governor Meriwether
is entitled to a salary of $3,000 as the Governor
of New Mexico, and, in addition thereto, $1,000 a
year for the discharge of the duties of superin-
tendent of Indian affairs of that Territory.
There is another provision—and I believe it is in
the Indian appropriation bill—which was passed,
contemplating the separation of those two offices,
and permitting one person to discharge the duties
of Governor, and another the duties of superin-
tendent of Indian affairs. Such a provision was
made so far as the Governor of the Territory of
Minnesota is concerned, and, I believe, also the
Governor of New Mexico; leaving it discretion-
ary with the President, at any time, to devolve
the duties of Governor and superintendent of In-
dian affairs of those Territories upon two differ-
ent persons. In such an event, Governor Meri-
wether would receive but $3,000 as Governor of
the Territory, and the person who might hold the
office of superintendent of Indian affairs would
then be entitled to a salary of $1,000 under the
existing law. I think, then, the gentleman from
Alabama fMr. Houston] is wrong in moving to
strike out this provision of the bill. If he desires
to make any additional legislation, I might act
with him in that respect; but at present that
officer is entitled to this amount of money, and
Mr. CAMPBELL. The law provides-*
" That the annual salaries of the chief justices and asso-
ciate judges of the Territories of Oregon, Washington,
Utah, and New Mexico be, and the same are hereby, in-
creased to the sum of $2,500 eaeli; and that the salary of
the Governor of New Mexico be, and the same is hereby,
increased to the sum of $3,000;" and so on.
Mr. HOUSTON. His salary was increased
from $2,500 per annum—f1,500 as Governor, and
$1,000 as superintendent of Indian affairs—to
$3,000. The construction of the Department,
which the Committee of Ways and Means now
propose to carry out, gives him, in addition to
this increased salary of $3,000, the sum of $1,000
more; §1,000 in addition to what is $500 more
than he originally received, both as Governor and
superintendent of Indian affairs of New Mexico!
• But the gentleman says that the deficiency bill
is not the proper place for legislation of this sort.
I agree with him that these appropriation bills
are not the measures in which to make legal regu-
lations. Yet, by referring to '.he preceding para-
graph, it will be found that the Committee of
Ways and Means have themselves reported the
very character of legislation which I propose to
put in. While I shall labor with the gentleman
to keep the appropriation bills free from improper ought to appropriate it.
legislation, still, whenever there is so plain a case*|^ Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio,
as the present one—whenever it is evident that
there is a proposition to take money out of the
Treasury, however legally, yet in opposition to
the intention of Congress—I must beg the Com-
mittee of the Whole oil the state of the Union to
set its face against any such grasping legislation.
I ask. now, that a provision be inserted by which
the present construction of the law will be de-
stroyed. I regard it as an improper construc-
tion.
Mr. HAVEN. We all want this matter to be
put right. I have a recollection that on some oc-
casion in the last Congress, this question of con-
struction was before the House—whether on the
occasion of a bill reported from the Committee
on the Public Lands, or some other committee, I
do not now remember; and if I am not mistaken,
the House then came to the conclusion—and it
was made a point on which the action of the
House was to hinge—that the duties of Governor
and superintendent of Indian affairs should be
devolved on the same man, and that the salary
given was to cover compensation for both. I can-
not lay my hand on the proceedings of the Com-
mittee of the Whole at that time; but there was,
I will read the
'section of the act of 1850 which constituted the
Governor of New Mexico the superintendent of
Indian Affairs. It is this:
'• The executive power m and over said Territory ofNew
Mexico shall be vested in a Governor who shall hold his
olliec foi four years, and until his successor shall be appoint-
ed and qualified, unless sooner removed by the Pi evident
of the United States; that the Governor shall reside within
said Territory ; shall be commander-in-chief of the militia
thereof; shall perfonn the duties and receive the emolu-
ments of superintendent of Indian atfairs; shall approve of
the laws passed by the Legislative Assembly, betorc they
shall take elTeet," &.c.
Gentlemen will see that there is a provision by
which the Governor shall receive $3,000 a year
as Governor, and also a provision—the act of
1850—by which he shall receive the emoluments
of superintendent of Indian affair^. Those are
the provisions, and this is a deficiency. The
letter which 1 read from the Secretary of the
Treasury calls for $2,929 35, which includes the
$1,000 salary as superintendent of Indian affairs
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1857. When
the regular appropriation bills for that year shall
come before the committee, the question as to the
allowance of this $1,000 will, of course, be con-
sidered; and perhaps, also, the question of the
propriety of providing the remedy which the gen-
tleman from Alabama suggests. I have not yet
examined that subject; but the position which
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Piielps] now
takes is palpably right. We cannot remedy the
law here. The present state of legislation is, that
he shall have the salary asked for; and I there-
fore hope the provision will not be stricken out.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It certainly never
was the intention of Congress to increase the
salary of the Governor of JNew Mexico, as Gov-
ernor proper, from $1,500 to $3,000, by the act
o.f 1854. I do not think, sir, that a fair construc-
tion of the two acts will entitle the Governor,
acting as superintendent of Indian affairs in New
Mexico, to a salary of $4,000. By the act of
1850—the organic act of the Territory of New
Mexico—it is provided that the Governor shall
also bo the superintendent of Indian affairs 111
that Territory; that he shall receive $1,500 per
year as Governor, and $1,000 as superintendent
of Indian affairs—making his whole salary $2,500.
Then, by the act of 1854—an act increasing, I
believe, the salaries of the Governors of Oregon,
New Mexico, Utah, and Minnesota—it is pro-
vided that the salary of the Governor of New
Mexico shall be $3,000 a yea^. It does seem to
me that this is the fair and legitimate construction.
There is in fact but one office, if one man performs
the duties of both positions; and the first law, that
ot 1850, divided the compensation, and prescribed
that $1,500 of it shall be the compensation for his
services as Governor, and $1,000 the compensa-
tion for his services as superintendent of Indian
affairs. The act of 1854, increasing the salary,
merely says that the salary of the Governor of
New Mexico shall be $3,000. I think it is clear
and palpable that it was the intention of Congress,
at the time that act was passed, to give to that
officer $3,000 instead of $2,500, and not to increase
his salary to $4,000. Such a result was not. m
the contemplation of anybody; and I think that
