1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2135
Why should we depart from it now? What is
the consequence of a departure from'that system?
You come in here at every session asking for an
additional appropriation; butif you have the con-
tract before you, not only for the site but for the
proper buildings, the whole subject is before you,
and you can legislate intelligently, and with a full
knowledge of the amount required. In this way
you reserve supervision; and if there has been
malversation—if there have been improper influ-
ences brought to bear on the person authorized
to make the contract, the parties aggrieved can be
heard before Congress. It seems to me this is
an insuperable objection to the scheme now pre-
sented by the Committee on Commerce, through
the Senator from New York. If the system which
I have intimated were adopted, I would yield my
opposition, though I think that, at some of these
points, buildings are not required; but, as now
presented, I do not believe we ought to adopt the
amendment.
Mr. CLAY. As a member of the Committee
on Commerce, I wish merely to say that I did not
join in this recommendation, nor do I approve it,
nor shall 1 vote for it. As has been properly
suggested, there is no necessity whatever for a
custom-house at Dubuque or at Knoxville. A
light-house would be more appropriate at either
place. The idea of collecting customs at Knox-
ville, a place which cannot be reached by a steam-
boat from the mouth of the Tennessee river, is
actually absurd. There are the Muscle shoals,
thirty miles in extent, interposing an insuperable
obstacle to the passage of any steamboat over
them. There is no means of circumventing them
except by land, and there will never be one cent
of customs collected there. You might just as
well vote the money as a bounty to the State of
Tennessee, or to the city of Knoxville, as talk
about building a custom-house there.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am sorry to find
my friend from Alabama making objection to a
measure in which I think his constituents have a
deep interest. He tells you that there are the
Muscle shoals in Tennessee river. Thatis true;
but that Senator knows, as well as I do, that we
have been laboring, at an expense of hundreds of
thousands and millions of dollars, to remove that
very difficulty, and we have a railioad now around
the Muscle shoals. ' I have yet to learn that cus-
toms may not be collccted off a river as well as
on a river. If you have a railroad communica-
tion, bringing trade and commerce to a particular
point, I do not know of any constitutional con-
struction which the Senator can find which would
exclude the propriety, the necessity, the justice,
of making an appropriation for the collection of
the customs there. But my friend from Alabama
seems to think we might as well build a light-
house at Knoxville as a custom-house ! This
appropriation is not for a custom-house alone at
Knoxville. It is for a post office and for a court-
house. That Senator will remember that the
Federal court sits at Knoxville. He will remem-
ber that Knoxville is the center and capital of
Eastern Tennessee, that it is the great distributing
office of the mail matter of East Tennessee, and
there is more mail matter distributed there than
at any post-office in his State. We must have
post-offices for that business. We must have
rooms for our courts to Sit in. We have already
a custom-house officer there. I do not know the
extent of business there,but one thing I do know:
I hold in my hand a letter of recommendation
from the Secretary of the Treasury, who we all
acknowledge is one of the most faithful guardians
of the public moneys the world ever saw. He
gives his recommendation for the erection ol a
building in the city of Knoxville as a post office,
court-house, and custom-house. We have all
three of these interests there. How are you to
preserve them ? The customs are being collected
there now. It is a port of delivery where cus-
toms are received, and where public moneys are
kept, where your courts are held, and where your
post-office of distribution is.
Nashville is also included in this line of appro-
priations. I hold in my hand a letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, recommending the
erection of a custom-house, court-house, and post
office in the city of Nashville. I ask my friend
from Virginia particularly, who is the guardian of
the Treasury here, ever watchful, sometimes like
the Indian, so straight that he leans over on the
other side, in my judgment—if you may build
custom-houses, court-houses, and post offices at
New York, Philadephia, Baltimore, and Rich-
mond, why can you not build them at Nashville ?
Let us know what they say.
I find the statement of the receipts of the United
States depository at Nashville furnished by Jesse
Thomas, Esq., (collector of the customs,) and
forwarded to the Secretary of the Treasury, is
$182,973 84 in one year. How is that money to
be kept? You have no house there; you have
no depositary there; and yet you require your
officer to collect $122,000 and to be responsible for
its safe keeping, having to rent a little office
wherever he can get, it and keep the public money
in that way. This also provides for the Federal
court at Nashville. If I recollect aright—I ask my
colleague to correct me if I am wrong—the Gov-
ernment of the United States years ago made an
appropriation by which they agreed to pay to the
corporation of Nashville or the State of Tennes-
see, I am not sure which, their ratable propor-
tion for the erection of a court-house in order
that the Federal court might be held in it. The
Federal Government paid her just proportion.
Unfortunately for the Government, and particu-
larly unfortunate for the city of Nashville and
the State of Tennessee, that public building has
been burnt down; and where is your court held
now? Where do you hold the Federal court for
that division of the State of Tennessee ? Wher-
ever you can rent a room in the city. Your post
office is in the same condition. You have no
building for it there.
I submit the question again, if it is just and
right that you should build houses for these pur-
poses anywhere, is it not just and right you
should build them at Nashville ? There your
receipts from customs are $120,000. The Federal
court sits there for the largest district of Tennes-
see. There is a postoffice there, which distributes
mail matter through the middle division of the
State equal to one half the whole State of Ten-
nessee. If there is justice in it anywhere, there
must be justice in it there.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator tell me what
are tho receipts from customs at Knoxville ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know
the amount. We have spent hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars, and Georgia, to her honor, has
come up with her millions of dollars to construct
a great national road from Savannah to Knox-
ville. Why should we not have goods imported
to Knoxville as well as to Savannah ? Is there
any reason why they should stop at the custom-
house in Savannah ? We are not quite as strong,
and have not received as much public patronage,
as some other points; but I see no reason why
goods should not come to Knoxville from abroad
without stopping at Savannah. We hope to have
Knoxville a large importing city some day. At
any rate, you must make provision for the courts
and post office; and while you are doing that, you
may as well make provision for a custom-house,
as you have made it a port of entry, and are re-
ceiving customs duties there.
Mr. TOOMBS. On railroad iron.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know
the extent; but I hope to live to see the day when,
through the liberality of our Georgia brethren,
we shall come to have a very large city at Knox-
ville.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend from Tennessee
has it in his power to show the duties collected
in the collection district in which Knoxville is
situated, although he may not be able to show
| the duties collected at Knoxville. A custom-
' house follows the duties, and docs not precede
them. If the amount of foreign trade there de-
mands it, I presume the Senator can show the
fact. 1 shall cheerfully vote for custom-houses
where the national interests in the collection of
duties require it; but unless that is shown I can-
not vote for it.
Now, in relation to court-houses, tho Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have twice recommended
the construction of a court-house for the southern
i district of Florida. At this session of Congress
| they have not done so. i have not deemed it
I proper to place it on one of the appropriation
| bills, because I have no estimate of what the cost
j of that court-house will be. 1 only know the
| court-room occupied there now by the southern
i district judge is hired at the sum of $3G0 a y .ar,
and we have paid already, I thinkr all that is
required for the erection of a court-house; but I
deem such legislation partial, because-I have iro
doubt there are other places where the district
and circuit courts of the United States require
public buildings, and I would not introduce a bill
here without embodying it in such a form as to
give a chance for other court-houses at the same
time. I express to my friend from Tennessee
my willingness to vote for a custom-house, if the
duties collected at any point require it — not
otherwise.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to say a very
few words on this subject, I have never done •
anything, that I know of, to entitle me to be
ranked among those who are here considered
guardians of the Treasury; but I am opposed to
what appears to me to be unnecessary extrav-
agance. I have sat here and listened from time
to time to appropriations which seemed to me to
exceed all limits of public policy and public ne-
cessity, yielding my opinions to other gentlemen;
but it does seem to me that there is a degree of
extravagance that amounts to wastefulness in tha
appropriations now proposed. It appears to me
that the object is rather to expend the public
money and exhaust theTreasury, than to accom-
modate the public by these buildings.
In the State of Kentucky we have no house for
the accommodation of the customs or for the ac-
commodation of the Federal courts, except an
unnecessary one that is building in the city of
Louisville for a custom-house. The Federal court
has constantly sat m rooms in a building which
we call our State House or Capitol, where our
Legislature meets, and where our own court of
appeals meet. In building that house apartments
were prepared for the Federal court, and there it
now sits with all the accommodations necessary.
Here eighty or ninety or one hundred thou-
sand dollars seems to be the least sum adequate to
the construction of a place of justice in which •
Federal law is to be administered. Sir, I utterly
repudiate all this. Towns and cities and public
buildings, it seems to me, are swallowing up the
country. This is not for the accommodation of
the courts; it is not for the accommodation of
custom-houses, as expressed in these proposi-
tions, nor for the necessary accommodation of a
post office, so much as it is to adorn and orna-
ment some choice and favored spots. In some
cities you ask for not merely a house of public
accommodation adequate to the purpose, but a
public monument. That is the policy on which
these appropriations are made.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator will permit me to
interrupt him, I will call his attention and that of
the Senate to the amount. The lowest sum pro-
posed to be appropriated is #25,000, and that is
for a place in Vermont. The next is §50,000 for
four different buildings; the next $88,000 for three
different ones, and $95,000 for another, amount-
ing in the aggregate to $609,000, without includ-
ing the ten per cent, for contingencies.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I thank the gentleman.
Mr. President, it is really amusing to those who
are willing to turn aside from the consequences
of such extravagance, to look at the language of
these bills—" for a house to be built at such a
place for the accommodation of the customs or
the courts, $85,000, and no more"—no more.
What beautiful economy! Here, in the extrav-
agance, what an air of stringency about the pub-
lic policy which is apparent on the face of these
bills! Not more than $80,000 for a custom-
house, the want of which has scarcely been felt!
And so far, a court-house, which the Government
has got along without until this time, without
I any inconvenience. All these have sprung up
! suddenly, not into necessities, but demands for
j money—money, money from the Treasury, and
j palaces for everything. You want palaces for a
I post office, palaces for a court-house, palaces for
1 a custom-house. I think this is unjust to tho
| who% people of the country—uncongenial to tho
1 spirit of the Government. There is not a court-
: house in the State in which I live, simply for the
j purpose of a court-house, thatcost §20,000. Now,
| for what purpose is this expenditure necessary ?
1 111 order to distract inquiry, it is for the accom-
; modation of courts, custom-houses, and post of-
! fices; and I do not know why you do not provide
! for fixing a light on your building, that the steam-
i boats may see as they approach a harbor, and
