1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mr
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I move to
' lav the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. CUMBACK. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
My colleague has made a motipn to reconsider;
the Chair has decided that it is not now a debat-
able motion, because the previous question has
been demanded. But is not my colleague still
entitled to the floor upon the motion to reconsider,
to be discussed when it shall be in order to discuss
it, after the previous question shall have exhausted
itself; and can any other gentleman have the floor
for the purpose of moving to lay thaj motion of
my colleague upon the table ?
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
who moved to reconsider is entitled to the floor
for any purpose except for debate; but he is not
entitled to the floor so far as to remove from the
House, or from the session, the question which
is now to be decided by the House. Therefore,
the Chair stated that the first motion was the
motion to reconsider; and the gentleman from
Virginia not holding the floor and claiming it for
any purpose, the Chair recognized the gentleman
from New York, who moved to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. How could I claim the floor
in any way so as to keep the gentleman from
New York from making that motion ? The Chair
stated that I did not claim the floor; and I want
tertemfw if there is any way in which I can do it,
for, if there is, I want to hold on to it.
The SPEAKER. It is the usual practice of
the House, and according to parliamentary cour-
tesy, that where a member makes a motion he is
first entitled to the floorupon that question. He
is entitled to it for any purpose except debate,
such as a motion to postpone, to adjourn, &c.
Mr. LETCHER. How can I hold the floor?
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the
Chair to suggest.
Mr. LETCHER. Thatis what I want to sug-
gest.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ben-
nett's motion; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 80, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ball, Baibour, Barclay, Barksdale,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmghurst, Bishop, Bowie, Bren-
ton, Broom, Buffinton, Burhngame, Lewis D. Campbell,
Chaffee, Clawsou, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Comins, Ciagm,
Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Tnnothy Davis, Denver, Dick-
son, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Edwards, Emne, Evans, Flagler,
Henry M. Fuller, Gilbert, Grangerjpreenwood, Sampson
VV. Harris, Herbert, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Hor-
ton, Hughston, Kelly, Knowlton, Lmdley, Hum phi ey Mar-
shall, Matteson, Maxwell, Killian Miller, Morgan, Andrew
Olivei, Parker, Peck, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pike,
Prmgle, Richardson, Sabin, Sandidge, Sapp, Simmons,
William R. Smith, Spinner, Stephens, Stianaliau, Thor-
iligton, Thurston, Todd, Walbndge, Waldron, Walker,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson,
Welch, Wells, Williams, Woodruff. and Woodwortll—SO.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Bliss, Bocock, Boyce,
Branch, Cadwalader, Carhle, Caskie, Clinginnn, llowell
Cobb, Colfax, Cox, Craige, Cum back. Dick, Edmundson,
Elliott, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Galloway, Goode, Harlan, Haven, Hickman, Holloway,
George IV. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Ividwell, Knight,
Letcher, Lumpkin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson,
Morrill, Paine, Puiyear, Reade, Rivers, Roberts, Ruffin,
Savage, Scott, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Sneed,
Stanton, Stewart, Talbott, Trafton, Trippe, Vail, Warner,
and Wmslow—57.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. PETTIT stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Mace.
The question recurring upon the call for the
previous question—
Mr. GREENWOOD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bliss and
Morgan were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 82, noes 32—no quorum voting.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As there is no
quorum present, I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was then called; and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Bavly, Bell, Hcndley S. Bennett, Bingham,
Boyce, James" H. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Clnlds,
Bavard Clark, Ezra Clark, Covode, Crawford, Damrell,
Davidson, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dunn, English, Ethendge,
Eustis, Faulkner, Giddings, Augustus Hall, Robert B. Hall,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Heihert,
Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, Howard, Jewett, Keitt,
Keiscy, Kennett, King, Knox, KunkeL Lake, Lciter, Alex-
ander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshal], McMullin, John
G. Miller, Millward, Moore, Mott, Nichols, Norton, Mor-
decai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Paine, Pearce, Porter, Powell,
Purviance, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Robbins, Robison,
Rust, Sage, Seward, Sherman, Shorter, Sneed, Stanton,
Swope,'"'yson, Underwood, Valk, Wade, EUihu B. Wash-
burne, Watkins, Wheeler, Whitney, Wood, John V.
Wright, and Zollicoffer.
Pending the call of the roll, and before the
names of the absentees had all been called,
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, said: As there is
evidently a large majority of members present, I
move that all further proceedings in the call be
dispensed with.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us first see
how many are present. It is not very evident
that a quorum is present.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and forty-
eight members have answered to their names.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for
tellers upon the motion to dispense with further
proceedings in the call.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cobb, of
Georgia, and Watson were appointed.
The tellers took their places, and the House
was dividing, when—
Mr. ALLISON moved that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The House is dividing, and
the Chair cannot now entertain the motion.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Has the list of the
absentees been called through?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. MARSHALL. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Tennessee that he withdraw his motion
until the list of absentees has been called through.
The tellers then finished the count; and reported
—ayes 54, noes GO.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk then completed the call of the list of
absentees.
Mr. ALLISON. Is it in order now to move
to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ALLISON. I make the motion.
Mr. MACE. Upon thatmotion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to make an
inquiry of the Chair before the commencement
of the call of the roll. What will be the state of
the pending question, upon the report of the gen-
tleman from New York, if the House now ad-
journs ?
The SPEAKER. The bill reported by the
gentleman from New York, the previous ques-
tion having been demanded only, will go to the
Speaker's table, if the House now adjourns.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 wish to propound a ques-
tion to the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to a question of order.
I object to all matter in the nature of debate.
Mr. BENNETT. I wish the gentleman from
Pennsylvania would withdraw his motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. CARLILE. I rise to a question of order.
The motion to adjourn is not debatable; the yeas
and nays were demanded, and have been ordered,
and I insist upon the call of the roll.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will proceed to
call the roll.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 44, nays 85; as fol-
lows:
YEAS Messrs. Allison, Bell, Boeock, Branch, Broom,
Burnett, Cadwalader, Carlile, Caskie, Howell Cobb, Cox,
Craige, Cumbaek, Dick, Elliott, Florence, Foster, Thomas
J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Coode, Grow, Harlan, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kidwell, Lumpkin, Humphrey Mar-
shall, McQueen, Meacham, Moirill, Pennington, Phelps,
Reade, Rivers, Roberts, Ruffin, Scott, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William R. Smith, Talbott, Vail, Warner,
and Wmslow—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Ball, Barbour,
Barclay, Barksdale, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst,
Bishop, Bliss, Bowie, Bradshaw, Brenton. Buffinton, Bur-
lin^ame, Lewis D. Campbell, Caruthers, Chaffee, dawson,
Clrngman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Comins, Cullen, Hemy
Winter Davis, Timothy Davie, Denver, Dickson, Dodd,
Edwards, Emrie, Evans. Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Gilbert,
Granger, Greenwood, Haven, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton,
Valentine B. Horton, Hughston, Kelly, Kennett, Knapp,
Kniglit, Knowlton, Lmdlev, Mace, Matteson, Kdlian Miller.
Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan, Murray, Parker, Peek,
Pettit, Pike, Pnngle, Puryear, Ritchie, Satan, Sandidge,
Sapp, Simmons, Spinner, Stewart, Taylor, Thorington,
Thurston, Todd, Wakeman, Walbridgc, Waldron, Walker,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Watson,
Welch, Wells, Williams, Woodruff, and Woodwortll—8o,
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to sus-
pend further proceedings under -the call,, with ra.
view of enabling the gentleman from New York
to move to recommit his bill, so that we maygb
into the Committee of the Whole on the state'.of-
the Union. • - : -
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. BENNETT. I now withdraw the call
for the previous question, and move to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands; and
on that I move the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe there ia
not much use in our going into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. I propose
that we go to the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suggest—as it .
can be done without any difficulty—that thoSe
members who have bills in their hands be allowed
to report them, that they may be put upon the
Calendar.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Before moving to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, I ask the unanimous consent of the House
to take from the Speaker's table the consular ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to taking
anything from the Speaker's table out of its order.
I have no bill there that I have any interest in;
but I want to take them up in their order, and let
them be referred.
Mr. SMITH. To what business is the morn-
ing hour assigned?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour is as-
signed to the call of the committees for reports.
Mr. SMITH. Has that hour been exhausted?
The SPEAKER. It has been; it commenced
at ten minutes past twelve.
Mr. MATTESON. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
two o'clock and fifty minutes) the House ad-
journed till to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 21, 1856.*
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, a statement showing the amount
of scrip issued for Virginia military land warrants
under the act of August 31, 1832, the claims
which have been disallowed, and an estimate
of the amount necessary to satisfy outstanding
claims; which was read, and, on motion of Mx-.
Stuart, referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, and ordered to be printe.d.
He also laid before the Senate a message from
the President of the United States, transmitting
a copy of, and extracts from, dispatches of the
late Minister of the United States, at London,
and of his correspondence with Lord Clarendon,
which accompanied them, relative to the enlist-
ment of soldiers for the British Army, within
the United States, by agents of the Government
of Great Britain, received since the President's
message upon the subject of the 97th February
last; which, on motion of Mr. Weller, _ was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr.SUMNERpresented the petition of Charles
Holmes, praying that a register may bo issued
for a foreign-built vessel called the Mary of St.
John, purchased by him in a wrecked condition,
when he shall give satisfactory evidence that the
same has been repaired in the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of Henry
Fried, praying for the redemption of certain Con-
tinental money issued to his father, Adam Fried,
for services as a volunteer in the revolutionary
war; which was referred to the Committed oh
Revolutionary Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES., • _
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee.-oh the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whoni was inferred the
petition of the Fireman*3 Insurance Company or
