THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Washington and Georgetown, reported a bill (S.
No. 325) to extend the charter of the president
jt d directors of the Fireman's Insurance Com-
pany of Washington and Georgetown, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read, and passed to
a second reading. The report was ordered to be
■printed.
Mr. TQUCEY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the momorial
of Charles Stearns, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 326) for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
reeort was ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, to whom were
referred the petition of J. S. Richardson, and the
■petition of Luther V. Bell, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 327) to test the
practicability and usefulness of the atmospheric
stelegraph; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
i Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
B.. No. 99) to amend- an "Act to-provide for the
payment of horses and other property lost or
destroyed in the military service of the United
States,"approved March 3,1849, reported it with
"amendments.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOOT asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 324) to
'permit the Legislature of Iowa to determine for
that State the application of ;t grant of lands here-
tofore made to the State to aid in the construction
of certain railroads; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
CAPE DE VERDE ISLANDS.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the Senate now to take
up the joint resolution from the House (J. R. No.
,10) which was read a second time yesterday, for
manning a vessel for the relief of the Cape de
Verde Islands.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the joint resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. I learn from my colleague
[Mr. Frsu] that the Committee on Naval Affairs
desire to have that resolution referred to them, as
it is possible that the Secretary of the Navy may
not have a sufficient number of men to spare.
■Therefore, as the desire is expressed by them, I
■will move that the joint resolution be referred to
that- committee.
The motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL A. MORSE.
Mr. HAMLIN. I reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, some time since, a resolution
referring the _ claim of Samuel A. Morse to the
Court of Claims. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Brodheai3] soon after made amotion
to reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was passed. X ask that that question may be
taken up now. It can be disposed of in a few
minutes.
This is the state of the case: That claim was
referred back to the Committee on Commerce,
with instructions to report a certain resolution
referring it to the Court of Claims. The committee
were directed to report certain instructions to the
court. 1 thought at the time that that was wrong;
but the resolution which the committee reported
was simply in accordance with the vote of the
Senate. 1 understand it is because the resolution
contains instructions to the court, that the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania objects to it. I only desire
to say that it will meet my view if it be so
amended as to be a simple vote of reference, as I
" ought to be, and as it would have been
if 1 had drawn the resolution according to my
own judgment; but I acted under the instructions
of the Senate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask for the reading of
the lesolution, and then I have a suggestion to
make in regard to it.
Tlie Secretary read it, as follows:
Revoked, That the petition and accompanying papers of
Samuel A. lor relief foe capturing a British armed
vo^-el and launch, with her guns, cargo, tackle, and apparel,
he le.teued to the Court of Claims, and the residue of said
elaini be referred to said court, to he allowed, if, upon the
principle*, of tiie *peeMl uct^ heretofore parsed by Congress
m furtherance of ihe aet of March 10, 1814, the same can
equitably bo allowed.
May 21,
Mr. BRODHEAD. If the Senate agree to
reconsider this resolution, I shall move to strike
out the last clause. It must be apparent to the
Senate that we cannot give instructions to the
court. The jurisdiction of the court is conferred
on it by an act of Congress; and one branch of
Congress cannot confer additional jurisdiction.
The simple reference of the case wijl give juris-
diction to the court under the act organizing it.
The motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I now move to strike out
all instructions to the court, so as to make it a
simple resolution for the reference of the claim.
The words which I propose to strike out are:
" to be allowed if, upon the principles of the spe-
cial acts heretofore passed by Congress in further-
ance of the act of March 19, 1814, the same can
equitably be allowed," so that the resolution will
read:
Resolved, That the petition and accompanying papers
of Samuel A. Morse, for relief, for capturing a British armed
vessel, or launch, with her guns, cargo, tackle, and apparel,
be referred to the Court of Claims, aad the residue ot said
claim be referred to the said court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
resolution as amended.
Mr. STUART. Still, the language ought to
be modified; and I move to amend it so that the
last clause will read:
And that the residue of said claim be also referred to the
said court.
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lution as amended was adopted.
GREENSBURG LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to take up a bill of some local importance,
which, I think, will load to no debate on a sim-
ple statement of the purpose which it is intended
to promote. It is the bill (S. No. 204) to fix the
graduation periods fur lands in the Greensburg
district, in the Stale of Louisiana.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that, in classifying the unsold and
unappropriated public lands in the district of
Greensburg, subject to sale under the graduation
act of August 4, 1854, the respective periods re-
ferred to ill that net shall be computed iiom the
dates on which the lands became subject to pri-
vate entry, after the first or original offering of
the same.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state very briefly the
object of this bill. The lands in the Greensburg
district were offered for sale in the regular course
twenty years ago. A considerable quantity of
Innds was entered at a period of great speculation
in 1835. The purchasers, finding that the invest-
ment had been a bad one,cireulateda report which
obtained the credence for a time of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, that the sur-
veys ill that district had been fraudulent, that the
lands were not properly designated by the sur-
veys under which these sales were made, and that
nearly an entire -resurvey of the district would
be necessary. That resurvey was ordered; and
during the pendency of it, and until it was com-
pleted, the lands were not opened in regular
course for public sale, as they had been before.
I will add that the lands in the district generally
are of the most worthless character; they are all
pine barrens; and the only object of the speculation
by which so many of them were sold in 1835,
was the prospect of a certain railroad being com-
pleted in their vicinity. That railroad was never
commenced. By the report from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office accompanying
the bill, it appears that it meets the sanction of
that branch of the Government, and I am satisfied
that there can be no objection, either of policy
or of public interest, against the passage of the
bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
JOHN NUGENT.
Mr. MALLORY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
John Nugent, a disabled seaman, praying for a
pension, have had the same under consideration,
and have directed me to report a bill(S. No. 338)
for his relief. I desire to ask the Senate, after
making a brief statement, to allow the bill to pass
at once.
I hold in my hand the petition, and also the
certificate of the surgeon and purser of the ship;
but, without reading them, I will state that John
Nugent is a native of the city of New York,
twenty-six years of age, and is an exceedingly
intelligent seaman. Last year, on board the
United States ship Germantown, while firing a
salute in honor of the birth-day of the Queen of
Spain, in the port of Montevideo, he lost both
his arms. They were both amputated, and he
is now utterly helpless. The committee have
framed a bill precisely in accordance with the bill
passed in 1850, giving a pension to Thomas Den-
nis, who was afflicted in the same manner while
firing a salute in the port of Gibraltar, on the
birth-day of a foreign sovereign. In consider-
ation of the pitiable condition of this man, the
committee desire that the bill shall pass at once,
if possible, in order that it may get through the
other House. It gives to Nugent a pension of
thirty dollars. I ask that it may be read, taken
up, and passed. It stands on its own merits.
The bill was read the first and second time by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to grant a pen-
sion of thirty dollars per month, to commence on
the 31st of January, 1856, and to be paid out of the
Navy pension fund, to John Nugent, who—w^ilr:
engaged in the performance of his duty on boaid
of the United States sloop of war Germantown,
on the 19th of November, 1855, when at Monte-
video, and while in the act of firinga salute in honor
of the birth-day of the Clueen of Spain, had one
of his arms blown off, and the other arm so badly
shattered that amputation was necessary. It is
provided that this pension shall be in lieu of any
pension or allowance to which he may now be
entitled by law.
Mr. HAMLIN. This is a curious bill. I am
for it; but it seems to mo that the argumentative
part of the bill, or the statement of facts on which
it is founded, ought to be stricken out, and ought
to form no part of the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. The only object of insert-
ing the statement in the body of the bill is that
this may not form a precedent for giving thirty
dollars per month to seamen wounded in any
other manner. A bill similar to this has been
passed before, which I will read from the statute-
book if desired. 4k
Mr. HAMLIN. It is not necessary.
Mr. MALLORY. I will not road it, but the
precedent before us recites the facts in the same
way.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
INDIANA YEARLY MEETING OP FRIENDS.
Mr. PUGH. I should be much obliged to the
Senate if they would take up the bill, (S. No. 288,)
reported by myself from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to grant the right of preemption in
certain lands to the Indiana Yearly Meeting of
the Society of Friends.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Indiana Yearly
Meeting of the Society of Friends, by such com-
mittee or agent as it may appoint for that purpose,
to select and locate three hundred and twenty
acres of the lands within that portion of the
Shawnee country, in Kansas Territory, between
the Missouri State line and a line west thereof,
thirty miles distant and parallel thereto, as de-
scribed m the treaty with the Shawnee Indians,
dated the 10th of May, 1854, in addition to the
three hundred and twenty acres set apart to the
Friends' Shawnee Labor School or Mission by
the treaty. The patent is to issue on payment of
$1 25 per acre, and the lands are not to be alien-
ated without the previous consent of Congress.
Mr. PUGH. If any Senator wishes to have
the bill explained beyond what is shown by the
printed report, I shall be able to do it; butif there
be no objection I suppose it will not be necessary.
Mr. BIGGS. From the reading of the bill, I
certainly do not approve its principle—the recog-
nition of a religious society to which we are to
make a special grant of land. I believe it is
