526
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 8,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Duties of Representatives—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. of Reps.
discover no other. But this is holy ground, sanc-
tified by a living principle, and rising above a
world of waters, which has been spreading out
over the land. I trust it will yet stay the flood, and
rescue us from the only peril, which the patriot
contemplates with doubt and apprehension.
■ ' duties op representatives. '
SPEECH OF HON. J. R. GIDDINGS,
of ohio,
In the House op Representatives,
May 8, 1856.
The House having under consideration the
amendments of the Senate to the Deficiency Bill
Mr. GIDDINGS said: .
Mr. Speaker: Since I obtained the floor last
evening, the questions before us have risen in
importance to my view as I have exHmined them.
Some fourteen years since I participated in the
passage of the first deficiency bill. The pro-
priety of the measure was.then greatly doubted;
and my own convictions as to the policy have in-
creased with each successive year since that time.
I am now fully of opinion that it should be
wholly abandoned.
I am further strengthened in this opinion by
the circumstances attending the questions before
us. On the 5th of March, this bill, containing
appropriations to the amount of $1,300,000, was
reported to this body, and passed without oppo-
sition. Trusting our committee, we supposed it
right, and scarcely inquired the reason for its
being presented to us. To that bill the Senate
made some forty amendments, amounting to
$2,400,000, or nearly twice as much as the amount
contained in the original bill. With the amend-
ments, we received the message of the Senate
asking our concurrence. We agreed to most of
the amendments proposed by that body, rejecting
four or five only, and returned the bill with a
message stating our action upon it. The Senate
insisted on their amendments; and returned an-
other massage, requesting us to meet them by a
committee of conference, in order to lay before
us a more complete view of the necessity for
adopting them. We granted the request. Our
committee met theirs, held a full consultation,
but were not convinced. They reported the re-
sult; and we insisted on striking out the amend-
ments alluded to.
The Senate, however, insisted on retaining all
their amendments, and asked a secopd commit-
tee of conference. This was courteous and re-
spectful, and we again met them in conference;
but they again failed to satisfy us of the propriety
of their amendments. Thus far there is no want
of courtesy on the part of either the Senate or
the House. That body now invites us to an-
other conference; and my friend from New York
[Mr. Pringle] moves that we make another at-
tempt to be convinced. Having complied with
all the forms of legislative etiquette, I would now
adhere to our rejection, and permit the bill to
sleep upon our table until the final adjournment
of this body, unless the Senate recede from the
amendments in controversy.
In the discussion of the question of adherence
it was right and proper to enter into an examina-
tion of the original amendments of the Senate.
To three of those amendments I will ask attention
for a few moments. The first is that which has
reference to the furnishing of water for this city.
I voted for that amendment, but I was in a very
decided minority. It was no party question, in-
volving no principle, and, although gentlemen on
both sides of the House voted with me, a large
majority were opposed to me. It becomes my
duty to yield my own preference. I shall, there-
fore, very cheerfully vote to adhere to our rejec-
tion of this amendment.
The next is the item of $200,000 to supply
deficiencies in the judiciary, including pay of
deputy marshals for keeping prisoners, &c.,&c.
I inquired yesterday of my colleague if this appro-
priation covered, or was intended to cover, the
$27,000 expended by the marshal of the southern
district of Ohio in arresting and returning to
Kentucky the slaves of Mr. Gaines, including
the mother who sent her child to heaven rather
than permit this Government to send it to slavery.
My colleague was unable to give us the inform-
ation. I cast no imputation on him. He has
hever served on that committee before, and could
not be familiar with every subject; but, from
various circumstances, I am led to believe this
appropriation is intended to meet the expenses
attending the perpetration of that crime which so
thrilled the hearts of the people of our Stale. Such
guilt, authorized by our laws, was well calculated j
to harden the conscience, and prepare the perpe-
trator for the commission of minor offenses. If
we credit those publications which have so long
remained uncontradicted, we cannotclose oureyes
to the notorious fact, that the marshal appointed
perhaps four hundred and fifty deputies. Nine
tenths of them remained in their shops, attending
to their usual business. But they were Demo-
crats, friends of the President, had no scruples in
acting the bloodhound, nor did they hesitate to
send back their fellow-men to chains and bondage.
It is also said that these special deputies, having re-
ceived certificates for attending tne marshal while
they were actually engaged in their private busi-
ness, sold their certificates at perhaps twenty-five
or fifty cents on the dollar to speculators, who
bought them with the expectation that we should
grant the money to pay them in full.
We are also told that the marshal himself ac-
tually participated in this speculation. Although
there may not be conclusive proof of this latter
! fact before us, every indication leads me to believe
the President expects us to grant the moneys to
carry out this fraud upon the Treasury, as well as
this outrage upon humanity. I am not prepared
to do it.
If we agree to this appropriation, we shall be
told by our constituents that we have made ap-
propriations to assist the Administration to cor-
rupt the very fountains of political action, and by
fraud to induce beings who bear the forms of men
to assume the nature of bloodhounds, to hunt
down fugitive slaves. Now, sir, if the Senate
insists upon our joining them in a work so re-
pugnant to our natures, let them approach us
openly, and tell us frankly the object they have
in view ? I would enter into no further consult-
ation with that body on these amendments. We
have rejected them,, and I would adhere to that
rejection, now and hereafter, to-day and forever.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If my colleague
will permit me 
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am too deeply engaged to
surrender the floor. If my colleague wishes to
propound a question, I will answer him.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will propound a question;
but before doing so 
Mr. GIDDINGS. Make no apologies in intro-
ducing your question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I did not treat my col-
league so yesterday. I yielded to him ifncondi-
tionally. If he cannot now yield the floor for a
moment 
Mr. GIDDINGS. I can yield the floor for no<
such purpose. My soul is too full—too degply
impressed with the matters now resting upon it,
to be trifled with. I mean no offense to my col-
league.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I can show that I have an
example for all I have done.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will now pass to the last
point to which I wish to call attention. Sir, the
amendment of the Senate to supply the deficiency
in the Army appropriation of last year, including
some three hundred thousand dollars for suppress-
ing Indian hostilities in Oregon, amounts to about
two millions of dollars. Our entire appropriations
for the Army of last year amounted to nearly
fifteen millions: while twenty years since our
Army cost us less than three millions per annum.
Now our deficiency amounts to two thirds of the
whole annual expenditure on behalf of the Army
in 1836. I speak from recollection, but think I
am substantially correct.
1 will first ask attention to the appropriation for
suppressing Indian hostilities. For many years
I have felt a deep interest in the policy which
guides our intercourse with these sons of the
forest. We have driven them from the Atlantic
coast, from their hunting grounds, from thegraves
11 of their fathers, step by step, until they are now
confined to the far West. We have slain them in
battle, and subjected them to privations which
have diminished their numbers until scarcely a
remnant remains; still we seem to thirst for their
blood. I knew something of the Indian charac-
ter in early life. I saw them in the war of 1812.
Many of them were attached to our Army. I
studied their strategy of war, and learned some-
thing of their conduct in times of peril. They
never forget a kindness, nor do they ever forgive
an injury. No class of people in the world are
more grateful for favors. There is scarcely a neigh-
! borhood on our frontiers that does not retain some
j legend of their gratitude. None are more docile,
J none more hospitable than those of Oregon.
I When Lewis and Clark visited that region in 1808
these Indians welcomed them, furnished them
with food, and treated them kindly.
Since that day we have become a mighty
nation, with twenty-five millions of people and
boundless resources; we have pushed our settle-
ments to the Pacific, and the doom of the savage
tribes now stands plainly written in the book of
fate, and is as clearly understood by them as it
is by us. We are a Christian people; they, like
the Athenians, worship the unknown god. Yet
here in this Hall, ana in that western region,
efforts are put forth to hasten the extermination
of these comparatively defenseless tribes; and this
appropriation is intended to hasten the consum-
mation of that policy. Why, sir, for years we
| have heard the Delegate from Oregon, [Mr
Lane,] who spoke so eloquently yesterday, in-
sist that the rifle and the tomahawk were the
only instruments proper to be used in protecting
our frontier, and m the settlement of our difficul-
; ties with those Indians. These are strong, but
not convincing, arguments.
Mr. Speaker, every man acquainted with In-
dian character is aware that two, and only two,
incentives"operate upon the Indian mind to excite
him to war. These are revenge and want. Treat
them kindly, and there will be no cause for re-
venge; feed them, and there will be no induce-
ment for them to commit depredations upon our
people. Why, sir, if the money expended in
Oregon within the past three years had been ex-
pended in provisions, and those provisions dis-
tributed to the Indians, it would have secured our
frontiers, from the Mexican line to the British
possessions, against all savage depredations for
twenty years. But I grieve to say that the con-
duct of our friends in Oregon does not commend
this appropriation to my judgment. I can only
notice a paragraph from the letter of General
Wool read to us yesterday. In that we are in-
formed that one of the most powerful chiefs met
the volunteers of that Territory with a flag of
truce, suing for peace. Our troops refused to
treat for peace on any terms, but advised him to
return to his people and fight. Sir, what a spec-
tacle! A savage asking peace, and Christians
denying it. But, what was far worse, they sent
him ana his four companions to the rear of the
army, safely guarded, and then commenced the
work of death upon his people. The Indians re-
sisted, and the next day our civilized troops, in
cold blood, slew this chief and his companions
The white flag, which for centuries has been
regarded by all civilized and by all semi-barbar-
ous nations as consecrated to friendship—the
: emblem of peace—was spattered and stained by
the blood of those who bore it.
| True, Governor Stevens has written a letter,
which was quoted yesterday by the gentleman
from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,] in which he throws
around this revolting fact suggestions, asser-
tions, and charges, winch the casual reader would
take for a denial, but which, on a careful exam- .
ination, will be found to evade a denial of any
circumstiance stated by General Wool in regard
to this matter. I cite this case as an example of
the war now waged in Oregon. If we credit Gene-
ral Wool, we must believe it is an unnecessary
and a barbarous war, waged for the purpose of
exterminating those Indians; and the appropria-
tion in the bill before us is intended to carry on
this most unrighteous object. I shall vote for no
such appropriation; were I to do so, with the
information before me, I should involve myself
| in this work of death.
I Sir, I would invoke the humanity of this
