1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
living ? I never heard of anybody that did live
there, and I do not suppose that anybody ever
will live there. At Knoxville we have a port of
entry where the customs have been collected, :
and where they are being collected now. Then, !
on the score of equality with Kentucky, with
that brotherly affection which I know the honor-
able Senator feels, I think he ought to waive his
objections to Knoxville.
But I want to show more about the expenditure
in Kentucky. Here is the beginning of one of
these palaces—and I will run it through for my
friend's benefit. In 1851 this provision was made:
" For purchasing a site, and commencing the erection of
a suitable building m the city of Louisville, Kentucky, for
custom-house, post office, court-rooms, and other offices of
the United States, the sum of ^75,000: Provided, That the
said building ehall bu exempted from city taxes, and all other
taxes whatever, by the act of the Legislature of Kentucky:
J3nd provided further, That the plan of the building shall
be such, thai the whole co&t, both of the site and building,
shall m no event exceed the appropriation herein made."
So much, and bo more! Let us see how they
have carried out that enactment in good faith.
Here again, next year, I find:
" For the completion of the custom-house at Louisville,
Kentucky, the additional sum of $16,000."
Remember, no more was to be appropriated;
but here is.an addition of $16,000 to the $75,000.
That is more than we have asked; but it does not
stop there. At the next session, they came for
more, and then this provision was made:
'•For proceeding with the construction of the custom-
house at Louisville, Kentucky, $87,7-10."
Eighty-seven thousand seven hundred and
forty dollars is the third appropriation. Well
may they talk of palaces; but they have not got
through yet! Next year, this appropriation was
made:
11 For completing
lucky,.$40,000."
the custom-house at Louisville, Ken-
Now, I should like somebody to add up these
figures, commencing with the $75,000.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The Senator from
Alabama [Mr. Clay] can do it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish my friend
from Alabama would cypher them up for me.
Now, I ask if my friend from Kentucky will not
take back all he said about Knoxville and Nash-
ville?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Not a bit of it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Very well. You
have got a custom-house at Louisville. It was i
all right to make an appropriation for a building: '
at Louisville. You have had upwards of $200,000 ;
applied for that purpose, and I do not suppose j
you are done with it yet. I should not be sur-;
prised if, before this Congress closes, another ;
appropriation were asked for building that house
at Louisville to collect the customs. When has i
Louisville grown so great, that she should have j
these appropriations, and they should be denied J
to Nashville ? I will put it on the ground of col- I
Icction of customs, and I say Nashville in this I
way collects more customs than Louisville, and |
yet she has never received a dollar for this pur- '
pose. The Federal court sits there; our customs 1
are collected there to a larger amount than at Louis- 1
ville; and she is of equal dignity in point of courts
and post office matter; but when we come before j
the Congress of the United States, and ask to be j
put on an equality with our sister State of Ken- j
tucky, the distinguished Senator from Kentucky
says he cannot agree to it. If it is wrong in one i
case, it is wrong in all. We have recognized the ,
principle in very many and multiplied cases; and
I ask honorable Senators to tell me why make an ,
exception of my State, when their States enjoy
all the benefits of this character of appropriations. '
Take it any sense in which you please to put it— >
on the score of population, or on the score of the
collection of the revenue, and Nashville is as much
entitled as Louisville, or St. Louis, or any of your
cities. If you put it on the score of a just distri- '
bution of the benefits and patronage of this Gov- 1
ernment, I say Kentucky has got a great deal ,
more than we have. She has two hospitals; we 1
have not one. She has a custom-house; we have :
not one. She has a military asylum; we have not |
one. All I ask is, that we may be placed on
something like an equality, if there be justice in
the system. I do not ask you to vote for it unless I
you believe it to be right; but if it is right in your i
ease, I maintain that it is equally right in ours. I I
ask my distinguishedfriend from Kentucky to go ;
with us now. The whole amount of these appro- i
priations, including every place named in the '
amendment—it is an omnibus, I grant you, to j
some extent—does not equal the sum that has
been invested in this species of improvements in !
the State of Kentucky alone; and it embraces six j
or seven States. I have added them together, ;
and all of them, in my judgment, do not exceed -
the amount that Kentucky has already received. !
Then I beg that my; friend will at least hold still!
until we get even with him; and then he may cut j
off the ridiculous system which he tells us about, i
of making ports of entry where thex*e never was j
a vessel, and where probably there never can be ;
one. 1
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, the;
gentleman has to some extent entirely mistaken j
the spirit and meaning of my remarks. I did not!
certainly intend to make any odious comparisons !
between Kentucky and Tennessee. That was
the furthest thing m the world from my intention. ]
It happens a little singularly that the honorable j
Senator who sits next to me, [Mr. Jones, of j
Tennessee,] should become my opponent in this 1
matter, and take upon himself the burden of this J
contest for the little that he gets. He stands, I !
believe, at the latter end of all these appropria- i
tions. There go before him column after column j
of appropriations of eighty and ninety thousand 1
dollars; but when they come down to Tennessee .
smaller appropiiations are made; and yet it fails ;
on him to combat forall the extravagances thatare !
elsewhere enacted—all the expenditures to be !
made in New York and over the North. I made i
no such comparison. I
Now, what has the gentlemandone? He says j
there is a port of entry at the little Laurel, and j
he thinks that is very ridiculous. He supposes [
I voted for it. That he did not know, and I do •
not know; hut as I thought it a perfectly innocent |
piece of folly, and it was the fashion to make j
every place that asked for it a fort of entry, I ;
may have voted, if not for that, for propositions i
equally irrational. I am not, therefore, strenuous i
to deny what the gentleman supposes, without'
the least evidence, to be the case—that 1 voted ;
for a port of entry at Laurel. Now, what would 1
the gentleman think of me, if (a port of entry
being entitled, as he seems to suppose, to custom- ■
houses, to court-houses, and hospitals) I were to
get up and say that, though theie is not water
enough there now, there may be at some future
time, and therefore we must build a finU house at ,
Laurel fcr a post oiEce, and court-house, and ;
custom-house, which shall not cost more than ;
$300,000> Would not that be very ridiculous? i
What is the fair consequence of his own argu- j
ment and his own statement of the case? It seems j
to me that it coincides exactly with the view I j
am endeavoring to present. That some of these ;
improprieties may have been proposed on the ter- •
ritory of Kentucky is not surprising. ]
The Senator says Kentucky has got the mili- 1
tary asylum. How has Kentucky got it? The '
Government makes use of Kentucky as she ,
pleases—not that Kentucky asked for it. Did I
Kentucky ever ask for the establishment of a
barracks at Newport ? Never. How came they
there? Because it was your will, and for the
common benefit, and. for the convenience and com- ,
fort of the United States and their troops. That
was the place for it. There they put it, without
anybody's asking for it. Now, as for the mill- '
tary asylum, how came that in Kentucky ? By
your enactment? No, sir. A commission of cer- '
tain distinguished officers of the Army was ap- .
pointed to locate, in different portions of theUni- i
ted States, asylums for your old and worn-out ■
soldiers. One of these was to lie m the West.
Where should it be ? General Scott and a board ;
of officers were appointed to see where it should !
be, and they fixed upon Kentucky because they ;
could find no better place for it. Instead of gra- ;
tifymg or promoting the interests of the people '
where it is established, they are all in arms against ,
it. My colleague has, at this very session, made !
an application to you to sell and be rid of it. |!
That is the great boon to Kentucky! Providence j
did not seem to favor even that. It has been !
lately burnt down. There is the whole history :
of yourmilitaryasylum. Thepeople have wanted I
it away ever since it was there. It came there 1
without their solicitation. It came there without I
any legislation of yours. It came therg by the
selection of officers who wanted to find the most
convenient and best place. Nobody asked for
this. Kentucky never asked for it. A.U that ever
assembled there,•! believe, were some twenty or
thirty old soldiers; and they, have taken the place
of a great and fashionable company that every
summer resorted there from all parts of Ken-
tucky and the neighboring States as a watering-
place. The people of the town av;d the neigh-
borhood have all been clamorous against it, and
they would remove it if they could. That is the
great boon Kentucky has got! She has been made
use of by this Government.
Now, in regard to your hospital at Paducah.
Let it be recollected, when you are talking about
the number of points occupied by the United
States in Kentucky, that Kentucky occupies, on
the Ohio and on the Mississippi rivers, a coast of
seven hundred long miles. Suppose you were only
to spread that out along the lakes, making the flats
to center, running n^irth and south from there,
and how many improvements would you have
dispensed along the seven hundred miles? You
have an hospital at Paducah, a place for sick sail-
ors, away down in the southern portion of our
State, at a point where boats lie up during the
summer season when the river is not navigable.
It is not a house for clerks, or judges, or custom-
house officers. It is a place for the sick; it is a
sick-room provided for the poor sailor. Is that
for the benefit of Kentucky ? No, sir, not at all.
The Ohio river is the great highway of every
western State, more or less; and the gentleman
will find in that hospital as many of his own peo-
ple as of those of Kentucky. So will the gentle-
men from Missouri, Indiana, and Illinois find
their people there. It is open to all; it is not for
Kentucky; but it is in a portion of the country
deemed sickly, and where the boats stop to he
up when they cannot navigate the river. There
you have built an hospital, and at Louisville you
actually have a custom-house ! I do not know
what the amount of revenue collected there is.
! The gentleman says, they collect as much at
] Nashville. It is quite likely; but unless they
' allow money to accumulate greatly, I do not sup-
pose there ever remains, or ever ought to remain,
1 more than $10,000 or $20,000 in your sub-treas
I ury at Louisville or Nashville, even if they col-
i lect $100,000 during the year, as the gentleman
i says tlicy did once at Nashville. I do not know
j whether they ever collected as much at Louisville.
I presume the customs collected there are very
small. The railroad iron that may have been
brought in to be used in Tennessee may have run
up the receipts at Nashville to $120,000; but the
Secretary of the Treasury does not allow these
little depositories to hold any considerable sum
of money for any length of time. I ask the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, seriously, what he sup-
poses is the ordinary average amount of money
deposited at Nashville or Louisville? Will he
Ray it is $40,000, or $30,000 ? If the Government
has built such a costly house at Louisville, as I
have no doubt it has, according to his own show-
ing, was it not unnecessary ? Do I covet it? Do
the people of Kentucky covet it? Have they any
interest m having a house built there at a vastly
greater expense than its object and purpose re-
quire? No, sir; I would as soon censure it, if
done in the State of Kentucky, as if done in the
State of New York or Tennessee. It is the same
thing to me—my objection applies to it wherever
done. I do not object to it on account of its
locality; I object to it on principle, and on ac-
count of its extravagance, utterly beyond any
demands of public policy or pubhc interest. That
is the ground of my objection. 1 should perhaps-
feel a little more personal regret if it were to be
done on my own territory. If it is to be done,
in God's name, let it be done somewhere else,
it is not always the choice of the people them-
selves; it is done by^the Government. The ex-
travagance ought not to be countenanced any-
where. We are responsible. Let us take our
responsibility, and if sve have done wrong here-
tofore, let it be corrected now. These buildings
may, in some places, be necessary. A court-
house may be necessary—a custom-house may be
necessary, at some points; but it is not worth
while, as I said before, to build houses that are
to be momtthents of public taste, that are to be,
in appearance and cost, palaces, A court-house
