1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
izm
inconsistent with the spirit of our institutions thus
to mix up religious societies with our legislation.
I think it is inconsistent with the true policy and
the principles of this Government thus to make
special grants of land to any religious denomina-
tion. I am utterly opposed to the principle.
Why should this or that society of religious in-
dividuals call upon Congress to legislate for their
special benefit ? Let them go forward under the
general law which authorizes them to take up
lands as individuals do, instead of applying for a
special grant by an act of Congress for their
benefit.
Mr. PUGH. My friend from North Carolina
misunderstands the bill. * The Baltimore, Ohio,
and Indiana yearly meetings of this religious
society almost forty years ago established a mis-
sion with the Shawnee tribe of Indians, then
located in the northwestern portion of the State
of Ohio. It was the first missionary enterprise
with that tribe. The society, at its own expense,
made valuable improvements, and continued labor-
ing with those Indians until they were removed
west of the Mississippi: and then, at the request
of the chicfs and councilors of the tribe, they
removed the mission to the present location of
the Indians in Kansas Territory. The control
of the matter, for the present, is in the hands of
the Indiana yearly meeting, and, therefore, the
bill names them, to the exclusion of the Baltimore
and Ohio yearly meetings. In the treaty which
was made with the Shawnee Indians, they reserved
for themselves certain tracts of lands for the ben-
efit of these missionary establishments. They
are schools for the education of the Indian youth.
The Methodist Episcopal Church, I think, had
an entire section reserved by that treaty. This
mission was entitled to a reservation which is
described in the bill; but it was discovered after-
wards that a tract of land alone, having no
timber upon it, was insufficient to maintain the
mission, and the Indians themselves, in their
council, have agreed upon, and set off to the
society, the tract which we now propose that
they shall have the right to preempt. The act
of the Indians has been approved by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs. It has been approved
also by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office.
Inasmuch as the preemption law requires an
individual to enter upon the land and cultivate it
as a farm for his own use, and not for the use of
any other person, there is^ttechnical objection
to the perfection of that tit™ They do not ask
any grant of land; they ask the privilege of pay-
ing for it at §1 25 per acre. It is no part of the
public lands now reserved; it is part of the Indian
reservation; and the Indians themselves, for the
sake of continuing this missionary establishment,
are desirous that this grant shall be made.
The matter was fuily explained in the report
which I made from the committee, which con-
tained a quotation from the letter of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. The Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs drew the bill, and 1 have
but modified it in a very few particulars, and
those only to make it more specific, and to add
a prohibition of any alienation of the property
without the consent of Congress, so that it can
never be used for purposes of private specula-
tion. It will be confined as a sacred trust for the
benefit of the Indians. I am certainly not inclined
to make special grants to any persons, and least
of all to religious societies; but I think that when
this society, so humble and unobtrusive in its
charities, has been with these Indians so long, it
is little enough for us to enable it to continue its
mission. In order to do so this is indispensable.
Mr. BIGGS. The Senator from Ohio, I trust,
will not take up the opinion that I oppose the bill
because of this religious denomination or its pe-
culiar tenets. My objection is just as strong to
any other as to this; but the remarks which he
has made have not satisfied mo at all of the pro-
priety of the grant. He admits that it is ne-
cessary for Congress to make a special grant to
enable this society, as a religious denomination,
to acquire this land. It is to that principle that
I am opposed. I object to any legislation for the
purpose of bringing into Congress the peculiar
tenets of any religious denomination in this coun-
try. I am opposed to this bill because it is one
of numerous attempts on the part of religious
denominations, to come into the legislation of the
country for the purpose of obtaining grants of
land, or privileges, which they cannot obtain as
individuals; and the appeal is made to us to make
the grant because it is for a religious denomina-
tion.
Mr. PUGH. I beg my friend's pardon; the
appeal is made to us because it is for a school.
However, I think the Senate understands it. A
few days since, in executive session, a treaty was
ratified—I presume I may speak of it, because it
has been ratified—in which the same privileges
were given to other mission schools established
by other denominations; but in the case of Indians
the principle has been settled by so many prece-
dents that it is not worth while to debate it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
JARED L. ELLIOTT.
Mr. FOOT. I ask the Senate to take up a bill
reported from the Committee on Public Lands
by the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,]
granting bounty land to a chaplain in the Army.
I presume there will bo no objection to it. It is
the bill (S. No. 261) granting bounty land to
Jared L. Elliott.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Under its provisions the Secretary of the Inte-
rior will be authorized to cause a warrant to be
issued to Jared L. Elliott, late chaplain in the
Army, for one hundred and sixty acres of land,
as bounty, upon the production of such proofs
of identity and term of service as are, or may be,
required by law.
The petitioner was employed at Fort Atkin-
son, Iowa, from 1845 to 1849, as school-teacher
and post chaplain. Subsequent to February,
1847, the troops at Fort Atkinson were ordered
to Mexico, and the petitioner applied for leave
to accompany them as an attache of the com-
mand. This request was denied by the adju-
tant general, and he continued in service at the
fort, with two companies of Iowa volunteers,
until after the conclusion of the war. The sev-
enth section of the act approved February 1],
1847, contains the provision; "That the chap-
lains now attached to the regular Army, and
stationed at different military posts, may, at the
discretion of the Secretary of War, be required to
repair to the army in Mexico whenever a major-
ity of the men at the posts where they are re-
spectively stationed shall have left them for servicc
in the field; and should any of the said chaplains
refuse or decline to do this, when ordered so to
do by the. adjutant general, the office of such
chaplain shall be deemed vacant, and the pay and
emoluments thereof be stopped." (U. S. Stat-
tutes, Vol. 9, p. 124.) The petitioner was desir-
ous of going to Mexico with his appropriate
command, as contemplated by the act of Con-
gress, and made an urgent application of that
character to the adjutant general. lie was not
ordered, however, to service 111 the field, but, in-
stead, was detained for duty in garrison with the
Iowa volunteers. These troops have all received
bounty land, upon the idea that they were in
actual service during the war, and it is difficult to
perceive any difference between their cases and
the case of the petitioner.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and it was read the third time.
Mr. BIGGS. I do not exactly understand this
bill. I do not wish to be troublesome; but the
j bill, if 1 understand it, is to grant bounty land to
' a chaplain who is not within the provisions of the
general law.
Mr. FOOT. It is an individual case, and does
not come within the general provisions of the
bounty land law, although a general provision is
made for chaplains in the Army and naval-service.
For some cause, this case is an exception to the
general rule. There is amerc technical objection
to it; it comes within the spirit of the general act.
The bill was passed.
COMPENSATION OP PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill (S. No. 146) making provision to com-
pensate agents forpaying pensions, and prescrib-
ing the time and manner of settling their accounts.
It has been made* the special Order for the morning
hour heretofore.
Mr. STUART. I think it is hardly worth
while to take up that bill now. We have but
sixteen- minutes of the morning hour le'ft,; at the *
expiration of which time the special order oft he
day will come up. This is a bill which I ktrow
will involve a good .deal of discussion. The.Sen-
ator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] as well as
myself, intends to say something about it. ' < "
Mr. SEWARD. My object was to have it
taken up so that it might again take its place, in
the regular course of business. It has been laid,
over for some time. I will move to make it the
special order for some other day. I did; not wish
it to be lost sight of.
Mr. STUART. I would suggest that it has
its place among the special orders now* and it
will stand so until we reach it regularly.
Mr. SEWARD. I will endeavor to call it-up
to-morrow in the morning hour, and for the pres-
ent withdraw my motion.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 186) for the relief of W.
M. F. Magraw, was read the first and second
times by unanimous consent, and, on motion of
Mr. BnoDHEAD, referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. . ,
A message was received from the House of
Representatives,, by Mr. Cui.lom, their. Cleric,
announcing that the House had passed a bill (jl.
R. No. 326) granting public lands to-ths State of
Wisconsin, to aid in the construction of rail-
roads in said State, On motion of Mr. Dodge,
the bill was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. MALLORY. There is a privileged ques-
tion which, as I understand, comcs up at half
past one o'clock. The special order is the naval
bill, which wasfixedfor one o'clock. Anticipating
that hour by a few minutes, I ask the Senate to
take up that bill now, as the Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mason] is ready to proceed on it. I
suppose we can take a vote on the question when
he gets through.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think the privileged ques-
tion comes up at one o'clock. We shall certainly
not have time to get through the naval bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I understood that the hour
fixed was half past one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT. The hour appointed was
one o'clock.
Mr. MALLOE.Y. Then I withdraw my motion,
for we shall not have time to get through with iU
Mr. CASS. The Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] desires to address- the Senate on the
naval question. He was shut out yesterday.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I was desirous that we
should take a vote this morning on the veto
message of the President.
'Mr. CASS. The Senator from Virginia had
the right yesterday to proceed, but did not get'an
opportunity, and lie desires now to address the
Senate. We ought to indulge him.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall make no objection.
Mr. MALLORY. I renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 113) to amend the act
entitled " An act to promote the efficiency of the
Navy."
Mr. MASON. I have no design or desire to
detain the Senate very long by the remarks which
I hav« to make on this bill; but, although I took
gome little part in the debate as it progressed at-
a former period of the session, I did not, in a
continuous form, present the objections which
have forcibly impressed me to the measures of
redress which have been brought before the Sen-
ate in the report of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
I have examined that report with some care, and
listened with attention and instruction to the com-
ments made upon it by the honorable gentleman,
who is at the head of that committee, [Mr. M&Lr
lory.] They have failed to satisfy me, however,,
that the public service does not require wtrob&er
intervention than is proposed by the committee.
The report of the committee is oecupieciun its
earlier part in laying before the-Senate' the views
of various Secretaries of the-Navy upon ill('
