em
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
to receive over $3,000 per annum. I ask you
■why ? You say, because there was an act passed
in 1852, providing that, whenever a man's salary
went up as high as #2,500, he should receive no
additional compensation for discharging the du-
ties of any other office. I wish to know what
application can be made of that act, in the con-
struction of these two independent acts ? I say
that the act of 1850 and the act of 1854 are to be
taken as independent acts. When gentlemen
attempt refinement upon the decisions of Elisha
"Whittlesey, they will find that they have become
somewhat hypercritical. When this claim *had
Eassed Elisha Whittlesey, I think that it might
ave gone through in this deficiency bill without
discussion. Although the argument of the gen-
tleman from Indiana is ingenious, I do not believe
you will find a rule, established by any court in
the United States or in the world, that sustains
such a principle of construction. I have never
heard that, in the construction of a law upon its
face, other laws may be brought in so as that the
three must be read together to ascertain the effect
that the last act of the legislative power would
produce upon the first act of the legislative power.
This act of 1852, according to the gentleman from
Indiana, is a sort of lantern by which he throws
light upon the law of 1854.
I agree with the gentleman from Maryland that
the act of 1852 has no application to a case like
this, where the law has devolved the duty of Gov-
ernor and the duty of the superintendent of In-
dian affairs on the same person, and said he shall
receive so much as Governor, and so much as
superintendent. It was made to meet a case where
a man in office is called on to discharge the duties
of another office, and who comes to Congress, and
asks additional compensation for the temporary
discharge of the duties of the second office. But
where the law itself combines the two offices, re-
quires the one man to discharge the duties of both
offices, and says that he shall receive so much as
Governor, and so much as superintendent of In-
dian affairs, and a subsequent act increases his
compensation as Governor, I say that he has the
right to demand the salary fixed for the superin-
tendency of Indian affairs in addition to the in-
creased salary for discharging the duties of Gov-
ernor. His salary is $4,000. It so stands on
the face of the law; and Congress, lo avoid its
payment, and get rid of the act of 1850, will have
to apply a rule of forced legal construction.
Mr. PAINE. I agree with the honorable gen-
tleman from Indiana in relation to this matter.
I think the act of 1854 merely brings this case
within the act of 1852. Unless it be so, all offices
created prior to the act of 1852, the salary of
which did not amount to $2,500, cannot be reached
by the act of 1852, and it must refer to offices
created since; for, according to the argument
of the gentleman from Kentucky, it matters not
how much we may increase the salaries of offices
created prior to the act of 1852, after the passage
of that act, the act has no effect. But the act of
1854 simply brings the act of 1852 to operate on
this case. I think the case is a plain one, and
requires no elaborate argument. The law is plain:
it Provides, distinctly and emphatically, that any
officer who shall receive acompensation amounting
to$2,500 shall notbe compensated for discharging
duties attached to any other office. The law is
conclusive. The only question we need ask is,
does this officer receive a compensation amounting
to $2,500? If he does, then lie comes within the
provision of the act of 1852, which forbids him
to receive any further compensation for the dis-
charge of any further duty.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems to me, with due
deference to my friends from North Carolina and
Indiana, that this is not so plain a case as they
would have us believe. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Dunn] said that the law of 1850
recognized a Governor and superintendent of
Indian affairs for New Mexico—that it provided
that the salary of the Governor should be $1,500,
and the salary of the superintendent §1,000. The
act of 1854 provides this—and this alone—that
the salary of the Governor of New Mexico,
instead of $1,500, as fixed by the law of 1850,
shall be $3,000. It does not say a word about the
superintendency of Indian affairs. Now, I put
it to my friends from North Carolina and Indiana
to say, whether there is an officer who is known
as the superintendent of Indian affairs in New
Mexico? Under the law, there is a Governor
there; but is there a superintendent of Indian
affairs, if their construction be right? The law of
1850 provides both for a Governor and a superin-
tendent of Indian affairs. If the construction be,
then, as the gentleman represents, let me put
another question to him: under the law of 1854,
is the present Governor of the Territory of New
Mexico bound to perform the duties of superin-
tendent of Indian affairs ? If he is not to receive
the compensation of $1,000, which the law of
1850 gave him for that service—if the law of 1854
is silent in regard to this compensation for the
superintendency of Indian affairs, and says only
that he shall have $3,000 as Governor—is he
bound to perform the duties of superintendent ?
I will give way cheerfully to hear what they have
to say about it. Nobody answers. Well, I will
proceed with my remarks.
Again: If the Governor is not bound to act as
superintendent of Indian affairs, have we any
such officer in the Territory, or have they had
such a one since the law of 1854 ? There is
another thing remarkable about this matter. It
-is the first time I have ever heard that silence in
a subsequent law, in regard to an office spoken of
in a preceding law, repealed that preceding law.
According to the theory of gentlemen here, the
act of 1854, which says not one word about the
superintendent of Indian affairs, because it gave
a salary of $3,000 in lieu of $1,500 for Governor,
will abolish the office of superintendent of Indian
affairs, or require its duties to be discharged fox-
nothing.
Mr. LANE. My understanding is, that he
was to discharge the duties of both offices, receiv-
ing the increased compensation as Governor, with
the former and existing compensation as super-
intendent of Indian affairs.
Mr. LETCHER. Precisely so.
Mr. WA.KEMAN. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce to a clause in this bill which we have
passed.
Mr. LETCHER. It is too late; the gentleman
cannot go back.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I can make whatever
remarks I please on the bill while it is in com-
mittee. I desire to draw the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce to the
following extraordinary provision of the bill,
which seems to have been passed over sub silcntio.
I call, as well, to it the attention of members,
whose constituents are alike interested in its
effect:
" Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to change tlio present system of providing relief
for sick ami disabled seamen by dismissing from service the
employ6s of the Government, leasing the marine hospitals,
at such points as m his judgment the public interest requires
a change, to private individuals, city or town authonties,
or private associations, on terms providing for the neces-
sary attention to seamen entitled to relief: Jlnd provided
farther, That the said Secretary shall suspend ail further
expenditures of money heretofore appropriated for the pur-
chase of sites and the construction of marine hospitals at
those points where the constiuetion of buildings has not
been eominenccd; and that the said Secretary report to
Congress annually the anangemcnts wluch he may have
made under this proviso."
If I understand it rightly, it is an entirely new
system that is proposed for the approval of Con-
gress. This is a provision which should have
tho fullest consideration of Congress before it is
made a statute. Yet it is brought here in an
appropriation bill, without having been referred
to the Committee on Commerce and a report made
on the subjcct; indeed, so far as I know, without
tho presentation of a petition for the proposed
ch angc, or any portion of the community knowing
anything of it. Here we have presented and
passed over, without a word of debate, a matter
of the greatest importance, in vol ving no less than
the letting out the support and care of sick and
disabled seamen for all time to come. I was
absent from the House when the subject was
passed over; and when I came in I was astonished
to find that a matter of so much importance had
been passed over without a word of debate.
Mr._WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the gen-
tleman from New York has referred to me, as the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, in con-
nection with the matter which he has called to the
attention of the committee, I would say, that I
had an intimation that there was aapoviso to one j
clause of the bill, in relation to the marine lios-1
pitals. I did not see the bill until after the House
had resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I then took up
the bill, but before I had read it over I was called
out of the Hall, and before I was able to get back
the committee had passed by this particular clause.
If I had been in my sent, and had known of the
extent,and, I may say, the extraordinary charac-
ter of this proviso, I should have interposed an
objection, and moved to strike it out; and I now
intend, before this subject is disposed of, to bo '
heard upon the matter contained in the proviso.
I think, with the gentleman from New York,
that it is a most extraordinary provision, to have
the whole system of this Government in relation
to marine hospitals changed in this way. It is
most extraordinary to have everything in relation
to this subject, which the Government, more than
almost anything else, should care for, stricken
down by a proviso, and without consideration
by this House. Nobody, as I understand, has
petitioned to have this change in relation to the
marine hospitals of the country. I do not under-
stand that any petitions have been referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, asking that this
extraordinary change should be made. I do not
pretend to say that there ought not to be some
legislation upon the subject of marine hospitals.
I do not pretend to say that there are not abuses;
but I do say, that this is not a proper way to
legislate upon an important matter of this kind.
I desire to produce some statistics—I desire to have
some facts presented to this committee. Before
this discussion shall be closed, and the bill passed
upon by the committee, I shall ask to be heard.
I am not prepared to speak now, and I shall there-
fore move that the committee now rise, in order
that this discussion may come up at some other
time.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman will with-
draw that motion I will renew it
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will do so.
Mr. LETCHER. I only wish to say that, so
far as information upon this subject is concerned,
the Committee of Ways and Means are perfectly
willing to engage in a discussion upon it, when-
ever gentlemen upon this floor choose to raise the
question. We shall be prepared with some sta-
tistics to show the operation of the present system
of marine hospitals.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If the gentleman
from Virginia will yield me the floor a moment,
I think I can satisfy this committee that this pro-
vision of the bill is right.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I yielded the floor to
the gentleman from Virginia, with the under-
standing that he w:ould renew my motion that the
committee rise.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Ohio
is not going to make a speech now ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I want to get the bill out
of the committee this evening.
Mr. LETCHER. There is no chance for that.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will not make a speech
now; but with a view of laying before the com-
mittee some very important information touching
this whole system of marine hospitals, I will call
the attention of the committee briefly to a table
which I hold in my hand, and which I have pre-
pared from the official documents which have
been laid upon the desks of members.
_ Mr. HOUSTON. If the subject of these ma-
rine hospitals is to be discussed, I say to my
friend from Ohio—he being at the head of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and having ex-
amined the subject—that it would be better to
postpone his remarks until we have a full commit-
tee. It is impossible to get the bill out of com-
mittee to-night if that matter Is to bo discussed.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I thought a point of
order was raised that we could not go back in tho
bill to the clause containing the subject-matter of
the present discussion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The point was raised upon
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wakeman,]
but he claimed, notwithstanding the point of
order was raised, that he had the right to mako
a speech.
Mr. MARSHALL. Did I understand the
Chair to decide that the clause cannot be altered
now ?
The CHAIRMAN. The clause to which ref-
