1264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21.
actual condition of the Navy, and the necessity
for some reorganization. Mr. President, it is
part of the boast of our country, that our Navy,
from'its earliest beginning in the Revolution, up
to, the period when the law was passed at the
last session to raise this naval board, never in a
single instance showed itself incompetent or
unequal to any occasion in which it was placed.
I, think I may challenge the attention of the Sen-
ate to point out one single instance in the history
of our Navy—except the unfortunate case some
fifty years ago, of the Chesapeake—where any
officer of the Navy, in command in any part of
the world, or of any grade, has shown himself
unequal to the occasion, in preserving and pro-
tecting the honor of his country, and exalting
its name. That I believe to be the true condition
of the naval service; and the history of that con-
dition is inscribed in the memory of the country.
It is not remarkable, then, when a board of officers
of that Navy presented nearly one third of the
whole naval service within the prescribed limits
of. the grades, that is to say, down to midship-
men, as for some reason unfit to remain in the
Navy at alt, or to be retained in active scrvice,
that the sense of the country should have been
shocked, as it has been, by the proceedings of
the board, and the results of those proceedings.
The action of this board has been, to a great
extent, if not altogether justified by the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
by the report of his committee upon the recom-
mendations of the various Secretaries who have
asked the aid of Congress to produce a reorgan-
ization of the Navy. I have scanned those reports
with some care, and I find throughout the object
of all the Secretaries to be to furnish a retired list
on which mightbo placed officers who were incom-
petent from causes that disabled them for active
service. It has been the custom in the military ser-
vice of all nations to make some provision for their
military officers, as well as for their subordinates,
soldiers, and sailors, who have been incapaci-
tated after,long service from rendering further
service to their country.
We have made no such provision; and the sole
reason has been, as all gentlemen know, the reluc-
tance of the Congress of the United States to in-
stitute a system of pensions, bringing with us, as
a tradition of our ancestry, a feeling of odium and
aversion to the overgrown pension lists of the Old
World. The sole reason, as I understand, why
w'e have not had aretired list long ago, in the true
and correct form of a retired list, has been the
reluctance of the country, as evinced through its
representatives, to begin this pension system.
But these Secretaries informed Congress from
time to time, and through many Administrations,
that there was a necessity in the Nnvy for making
some provision for officers who really were incom-
petent to service; first from justice to the service
itself, to get rid of this decayed matter, and sec-
ondly, from justice to the younger officers of the
service in whose path of promotion those incum-
brances were found.
If I can correctly apprehend the recommend-
ations of those Secretaries, that was the theory
on which Congress was advised to intervene by
legislation to enable it to be done. It was, in
truth, to provide a retired list for disabled officers
in the Navy. Now, what has the board done?
I think it may be demonstrated, not from the
action of the board alone, but from the arguments
used in the report of the Naval Committee and
from the documents emanating from the Secre-
tary, that the law has been used to thin the ranks,
to reduce the number of officers for the purpose
of letting into promotion those who had been too
long delayed, and they have done it without a
scrupulous, exact, never-swerving regard to the
real duty for which they were deputed—to retire
none but such as were really disabled.
They have done more. As I conceive, bv an
uttermisconception of the law, and in that miscon-
ception by a most cruel dispensation of the law,
they have put men upon their trial upon charges
of moral delinquency or mural turpitude of every
kind, without a hearing; and,accordingly, as the
judgment of the board inclined upon that sort of
testimony—ex parte testimony—have visited upon
them the infliction and the degradation of being
disrated in the service, I am aware that both
the chairman and the Secretary have taken the
ground that men may be incompetent to perform
their duties from moral as well as physical causes.
That may be so. I am not going to controvert
it. I am not going to argue upon this floor and
in this presence that a man of a notoriously bad
moral character should bear the honors of his
country abroad, or be retained in its service; but
I do insist upon this, as the privilege of the
meanest and the humblest in the land, that if he
is to be disrated, because of charges against his
character, he shall be heard, be put upon his de-
fense, be allowed to confront his accuser and his
witnesses, and be heard in his own defense.
The law of1855 never contemplated such action
as has been had by this board. Why, sir, what
has been done? The honorable Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Clayton] went into a labored
argument to prove the power of the President to
do everything that has been done in the execution
of the law of the last session. The honorable
Senator might just as well have said that the
President could do it without the law. The Pres-
ident unquestionably can dismiss from the service
any oflicer that he pleases,"and he need assign no
reason for it; that is executive power; or, through
the Secretary of the Navy, he may place any
officer whom he pleases upon the furlough list,
and not bring him back again into active service;
that is the furlough law; but I utterly deny that
any President, any executive officer, or any judi-
cial officer, would ever present himself before his
countrymen and say, " 1 struck at the man because
of his bad moral character without having given
him a hearing." It is the common practice of the
country to arraign officers in both branches of
the service—the Army and the Navy—for what ?
For " conduct unbecoming an officer and a gen-
tleman;" and if he be found guilty of conduct
unbecoming an officer and a gentleman, upon a
trial and a hearing, he is dismissed from the scr-
vice. Who ever heard (unless the case was so
flagrant as to dispense with trial) of any man
being dismissed from the service, or any man
being disrated, or charges brought forward affect-
ing his character, without his having an opportu-
nity of being heard ? „
What has been the consequence of this course
of proceeding ? Why, this board have recom-
mended some one hundred and fifty officers—I
speak in general terms—to bo placed upon the
retired list; a small proportion of them, how
many I do not remember, with leave-of-absenco
pay, which is the largest pay given to an officer
who is not in active service, and the residue with
furlough pay. The report of the Naval Com-
mittee, at page 31, uses this language:
" Your committee (leem it proper to say that they have
eaicluiiy examined the origin and provisions of the law
creating the reserved list, and they find that in the commit-
tee who reported it, in all the arguments sustaining it in
Congress, m the judgment of the Secretary of the Navy, as
evinced in 1ns annual report, and his 'lobulations,' as
well as m tile judgment of the hoard itself, throughout its
deliberations, it was regarded as an honorable retirement,
piovnled by a gratelul country, in leniembrance of past
public service."
That is the character ascribed to the whole
retired list in the report of the Naval Committee;
and they verify it by the highest reference which
they could make—to the judgment of the Secre-
tary, the chief of that scrvice, " as evinced," say
they, " in his annualreport and his regulations."
I was struck with this expression, because, in
looking to the " regulations,"as they are called,
of the Secretary, I found that the very opposite
ground was taken. While, the Secretary says,
those who are on the retired list, and are allowed
their full pay, cannot be subjected to any imputa-
tion whatever, those who are on the furlough
list arc subjected to imputation, and the burden
of showing that they are not properly subjcct to
it is thrown upon them; but the report of the
Naval Committee says, that those who are placed
on the retired list arc to consider that a compli-
ment has been paid to them by a grateful coun-
try, and for proof of it refers to the instructions
of the Secretary of the Navy. I will read what
the Secretary said in that miscalled letter of in-
struction. At page 25 the report gives that letter.
In it the Secretary says:
" X fear a misapprehension may exist in the minds of
some imegard to the position before the country of officers
placed nn the reseived list with full leavc^of-absence
pay."
The fear was that misapprehension might exist
in the minds of some, as to officers placed on the
reserved list with full-leave pay. In regard to
them he i
" It is no degradation; it is rather a high compliment.
The pay is liberal, and amply sufficient to the comfortable
support of the officer and his family. Indeed, it is the gen-
erous act of a Government saying to the meritorious officer,
< You have served with fidelity, and now, as you have
become incompetent to the severe duties of naval life, .you
can rest from the labors of your profession without care or
anxiety as to your support, as we have provided for it.'",
That is the language which he says the country
holds to those who are placcd on the retired list
with full-leave pay. What does he say of those
—the great mass—who were placed on the fur-
lough list? The Secretary proceeds:
" Nor, gentlemen, do I consider thatit will be necessarily
a degradation or a mark of govermental displeasure for an
officer to be placed on furlough, which is half leavc-of-ab-
sence pay, because he may have become reallyjncompctent
to the discharge of his duties, and yet may not have sei ved
so long and faithfully, and with such credit, as to entitle him
to the highest compensation to the reserved."
There the Secretary draws the distinction—
and draws it correctly—in favor of those who
are on the retired list, with the full leave-of-ab-
senee pay. Whether they have been correctly
or incorrectly dealt with in being so retired, he
says there can be no possible imputation on them,
because the fact that they were given full pay is
conclusive that there was no charge affecting
their characters. He discriminates between that
list and the furlough list. As to the furlough
list, he says, again correctly, that from the design
of the furlougii list it is not " necessarily" to be
inferred as a degradation, for it might peradven-
ture be that they had not served long enough to
entitle them to full pay, and yet had really com-
mitted no moral wrong.
I say, then, that the statement which I first
read from the report of the Committee on Naval
Affairs is nothorneout bythe authority to which
it refers, and it could not be, for none can have
heard the debate in the Senate in regard to the
retired officers without being satisfied that, al-
though there was no imputation on the reserved
list, those on the furlough list were thrown into
a common mass; and if any officer upon that list
believed that he had been put there, not because of
anything affecting his moral character, it devolved
on him to show it—the burden of proof was on
him. None can go into the world and converse
with these officers without being aware that the
iron has entered into their soul; that they arc
deeply mortified, humiliated,conscious that they
have been degradet^in a vast proportion of in-
stances, doubtless,OTiscious also that they have
been unworthily and hardly dealt by. "The
heart knowethiis own bitterness."
I say? Mr. President, in common justice, apart
from the strict requirements of law, in the ordi-
nary and decent charities of life, this wrong never
should have been inflicted upon a body of honor-
able men, because it was very easy to exempt
them from it by the action of the board and the
declaration of the Executive, that none should be
put upon the furlough list but those who were
placed there because of mental or physical in-
capacity. Although it may be that moral incapa-
city would equally require them to be disrated,
they had a right to be heard, and that policy
ought never to have been departed from.
I have presented these views to show why I
consider that it is due to the country, due to the
service, due to the equity of the age in which we
live, that this great wrong upon a body of honor-
able men and upon an honored corps, should be
redressed, and redressed by the only power that
can doit—bythe intervention of Congress.
Now, I propose to show, if I can, that this law
(which I have always said, and said on former
occasions, was an unfortunate one in its policy)
has been misconceived, misconstrued, perverted
in the manner in which it has been carried into
execution. The law did no more than authorize
the Secretary of the Navy to convene a board of
officers of prescribed grades, instructing them to
make a 44 careful examination " into the condi-
tion of their brother officers, and to report those
who, in their judgment, should be either dropped
from the Navy or disrated. The law prescribed
no regulations under which the board should act.
It put no limitation whatever upon them; but it
required the Secretary of the Navy to prescribe
the regulations by which the board should be
governed. Now, I submit to the Senate that the
Secretary of the Navy prescribed no regulations
