1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2189
Mr. DELL, of Tennessee. I do not mention
these cities invidiously. Besides the custom-
houses in some of these large cities, there have
been appropriations for Federal court-rooms and
post offices—I think in New York to a very large
amount. X would ask how much ?
Mr. SEWARD. Four hundred thousand dol-
lars is recommended for a site.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. We know that will
result in an expenditure of one or two millions
of dollars. The Senator from Kentucky has
painted the results of these commencements very
well. One of the Secretaries of the Treasury,
six or eight years ago, if I am not mistaken, took
up the subject of the erection of marine hospitals,
custom-houses, and post offices, and placed it on a
principle that I have not heard adverted to to-day.
The Federal Government, we know, claims the
monopoly of carrying letters and printed matter
for hire, under the Constitution of this Govern-
ment, all over the Union, and we exclude every-
body else by heavy penalties. This is done under
the power to establish post offices and post roads;
and we exorcise that power very rigidly. The
question was made whether you should not have
post offices to distribute your matter. Then we
have the Federal judicial jurisdiction of the United
States. You will not allow citizens of different
States to decide their controversies by their own
tribunals as they please; but, according to the
limitation and extent of the power given to the
Federal judiciary by the Constitution, you hold
your courts and decide the controversies between
citizens of one State and those of another, in the
courts under the regulation of Congress in the
different States. Wliere do you hold them? You
must provide buildings for them as for the distri-
bution of your letters and post office matter, and
for the collection of customs.
Nobody interposes an objection to the propri-
ety of making these appropriations in our large
cities, and building palaces, no matter what they
cost. You must have them if they cost one thou-
sand dollars to the square foot. In the report'o
which I have referred, the different cities of trie
Union, according to my recollection, were classi-
fied, according to their necessities, for custom-
houses, post offices, Federal courts, and marine
hospitals. An appropriation was recommended
during that year for the first class, and the Con-
gress of that year appropriated accordingly. I
thmk that classification included all the places
where.it was supposed the Government needed
buildings for these purposes. In the early period
of the Government we had not the means to be
liberal, and depended on the States to provide
offices for us. Afterwards we paid rent for rooms
for post offices and courts, and for the collection
of the customs. The report of which I have
spoken, proceeded on the principle that, as we
are now growing wealthy, with a redundant
Treasury, butnotredundantenough toprovide for
all the Federal courts held everywhere, or for all
the distributing post offices, we should commence
to provide buildings for these purposes. We
have commenced. We have built what the dis-
tinguished Senator from Kentucky chooses to
call palaces, in the large cities. We have erected
costly buildings at least, if not palaces. These
were principally for the collection of the customs,
the revenue of the Government, and connected,
as I think they might very plausibly and reason-
ably be, with accommodations for the Federal
courts and post offices at the same time. Who
can object to that ? It is much more economical
than it would be to build separate court-houses
and separate post offices.
We provided for the principal cities of the sea-
board, and for St. Louis, Cincinnati, Chicago,
and Detroit. We, of Tennessee, thought Nash-
ville might be put in then; but we acted on the
recommendation of the Department, and bided
our time, as they recommended, until the principal
cities for the collection of revenue had been pro-
vided for, together with the great distributing
offices for post offices. I remember that I waived
an amendment for the establishment of marine
hospitals, because I was told our time would come,
and the system would go on regularly. The prin-
ciple was admitted in that debate, that the Fed-
eral Government ought to provide these accom-
modations, instead of paying high rents as it is
now compelled to do. Even at Nashville you
have to pay high rents; in Cincinnati higher; and
at Louisville higher. It was admitted to be
cheaper to have buildings for court-rooms and
post offices, as well as for "custom-houses. The
question was -whether we should not build edi-
fices, permanent, fire-proof, and commensurate
with the supposed destinies of this country. This
was admitted, in the debate to which I have al-
luded, to be the true principle. We proceeded
on that idea, and did not suppose there was any
great extravagance even in appropriating $200,000
for a building at Louisville. In time it will be
shown to have been a wise expenditure; for we
have plenty of money, and it has been expended
and wasted upon objects of less value' than a cus-
tom-house, court-rooms, and post office, at Louis-
ville. Honorable Senators will find, when they
come to look into this policy, that it is based on
high principle rather than otherwise.
Now, one word as to the amendment offered by
the honorable Senator from New York. I am
not a member of the Committee on Commerce,
and I do not know whether some of the towns iti
the interior are not getting ahead of the great
classification by which we were regulated some
few years ago. I ask the honorable Senator from
New York, who moved the amendment, if they
are not proceeding a little too rapidly ? I suppose
that, according to the classification, Nashville
would come in before Knoxville; but I do not
admit that Knoxville ought not to be provided
for. I think it should be. If the distinguished
Senator from Kentucky—I do not know that he
has ever been there—were to go to Knoxville
now, he would be perfectly astonished at its
growth. He would see that it has become a great
central point by the connection of railroads; and
there is prospect even of clearing out the Tennes-
see river.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is the popula-
tion ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Isuppose it contains
fifteen thousand inhabitants; I do not know what
the exact number is; but any person who goes
there will be astonished at its progress and in-
dustry. The gentlemen who represent that dis-
trict and the adjoining one in the House of Rep-
resentatives, inform me that, during the last year,
about J100,000 of revenue were collected at Knox-
ville. The Senator from Georgia says the duties
are collected on railroad iron principally. What
could be more profitable to the country than to
collect duties on railroad iron? The very fact
that railroad iron gets there from abroad, is evi-
dence of enterprise.
I do not want to say anything in relation to the
argument of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky; but at Louisville there has been an ex-
penditure of upwards of two hundred thousand
I dollars. I think it will, in the end, be found not
to be extravagant, if the building is a permanent
one, and skillfully erected. Now, sir, Nashville
collects a largeramount of revenue than twenty-
eight of the other cities of the Union that have
had appropriations made for building custom-
houses. As to Knoxville, the navigation of the
Tennessee river contributes to the commerce of
that place, and railroads now being constructed
will make it a considerable point. As I stated on
another occasion, Knoxville will, in less than a
quarter of a century, be the center of one of the
most splendid and richly-improved regions in the
United States. The Senator from Georgia will
admit that.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It will be a most
resplendent position. Nature could not make a
place richer, unless it were on some ocean fron-
tier where it would have the benefit of a direct
foreign commerce.
I am sorry that the honorable Senator from
New York, and the Committee on Commerce,
have included objects which do not come within
the classification recommended some four or six
years ago, to which I have already adverted. In
regard to the improvements of the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont, if he thinks it is time they
should come in now, it may be well enough; but
I doubt whether the time has come for them.
Sgme years ago, I waived a proposition for my i
State because 1 had not ail estimate, and it was in j
the second, or third, or, perhaps, the fourth class.
1 look forward to the time when, if this Union
I shall abide the present difficulties, and shall be
i dlaccd on a permanent foundation, the Federal
Government shall have its own post offices and
court-rooms, and, wherever there is a collection
district, (though it be at the mouth of Laurel, in
Kentucky,) will have its own Federal officers,
and that these will be so many grappling, irons to
hold us together as a permanent Union, provided
the system shall not be carried to such an extent
as to become oppressive and tyrannical. I am
just as ready as my friend from Alabama, or the
not-headed Georgian, to stand to his arms when-
ever it shall come to that. As to my frisnd from
Illinois, if he will allow me to call him so 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Pro hac vice, I will
call him my friend.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That will not do. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Be has an appro-
priation here for Springfield. I wish to know
whether it is expedient to have such a building
as is here proposed, for Springfield, Illinois ? I
think that was one of the most questionable ap-
propriations here. I only want to heiar if it is ex-
pedient. So in regard to the propositions of the
honorable Senator from V ermont. I think they
are a little in advance of their time. We have
not reached that class yet. If we have, I am ready
to vote for the whole.
Mr. FOOT. We only ask a building for the
courts.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desirethatthismattershall
come to some practical test. I do not suppose
any general discussion of the principle regarding
these public constructions will be of the slightest
service at this late day of the session. We ought
to come to voting. I shall begin by moving to
strike out from the amendment offered by the
Senator from New York on behalf of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, Galena, Illinois.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is a question be-
fore the Senate on the amendment of my col-
league to include Vermont.
Mr. BENJAMIN. ^ Well, let us take the ques-
tion on that.
Mr. FOOT. I trust the question will be taken
on my amendment to the amendment to provide
for court-houses in Vermont; and then, instead
of moving to strike out, let me suggest to the
honorable Senator from Bouisiana, the better
course would be to have a division of the ques-
tion, and take a separate vote on each of these
places.
Mr. CLAYTON. I shall vote in favor of the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ver-
mont, because I know no reason why the appro-
priation which he proposes should not be added
to that of the committee for court-rooms and
custom-houses and post offices in other places.
I suppose it right and proper that provision
should be made for Vermont. Moreover, that
amendment is recommended by the fact, that the
appropriations, amounting to $25,000 in each
instance, are very moderate. I shall, therefore,
vote for that; but if the proposition comes to me-
on the whole amendment, I shall vote against it,
and I wish very briefly to state the reasons why
I shall vote against it.
1 have added up the proposed appropriations,
and I find the amount is $609,000—an enormous
sum. In several instances $>88,000 and $95,000
are appropriated for a custom-house, post office,
and court-house building. Now, sir, what pos-
sible necessity can there be for appropriating
sums of that magnitude? We have been in the
habit of building houses of this description before,
and have not found it at all necessary to expend
such sums as these. Fifty per cent, might b®
pared from these amounts, and then the appro-
priations would be ample for all the proper pur-
poses of the Government. They ought to be
reduced. I do not say that I will not vote for any
of these measures if they are put on a proper
basis; but I cannot see the necessity of an appro-
priation of $88,000, or $95,000, for a building of
this description atKnoxville, a town which I find
contained, but two or three yeas ago, four thou-
sand inhabitants. I will, without any difficulty,
vote for a sufficient appropriation for Knoxville.
I am as anxious to give all proper accommoda-
tions to Knoxville as any other place. I can wel!
understand why there ought to be a court-house
there, and if it be found cheaper not to rent a
building, I am perfectly willing to pay for buying
one; but I cannot understand the necessity of
