THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY" JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, MAY 24, 185G.
New Series No. 80.
whatever in the long letter which he wrote to the
board, except in giving to them the information
derived by him from the Attorney General us to
the mode m which the board should be organized.
My honorable friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittf.vdex-,] with that happy facility of phrase
which belongs to him, described itas al< pastoral
letter " of the Secretary. It is a letter of instruc-
tion—a letter giving to the board his construction
of the law, and telling them what duties would
devolve upon them pursuant to such construction.
The board went to the exercise of their power
with the law, and the Secretary's letter of instruc-
tion and interpretation as its guide.
The Secretary prescribed no regulations what-
ever, except, as I said, to communicate to them
the opinion of the Attorney General as to how
tlie board should be constituted. What were the
consequences? They are shown in the letter of
Commodore Shubnck, the president of the board,
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, which is
printed with their report. Commodore Shubrick
shows how the board proceeded—not under reg-
ulations prescribed for them by the Secretary, but
under regulations prescribed to themselves by
themselves. We find in that letter clearly staled
whathadallalong been supposed to exist, namely,
that they had formed their judgments upon evi-
dence utterly irresponsible, collected from quar-
ters utterly irresponsible, and given to the board
without any sanction whatsoever, except the
weight which each member of the board might
ascribe to it from his information of the respecta-
bility of the source from whence it came. Com-
modore Shubrick, in his letter to the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, which is to be
found 011 page 29 of the report of that committee,
says this:
" It is impossible to enumerate all tlie souicea from which
the elements which went to make up their judgment were
drawn ; some of them were documentary; some weie his-
toncalj and some of them were from personal knowledge.'5
These were the sources of information, or, as
the commodore expresses it, " the sources from
which the elements which went to make up their
judgment were drawn; some of them were docu-
mentary, some historical, and some of them were
from personal knowledge." Sir, think of it; at
this day to put a man who belongs to an hon-
orable service, and doubtless to an honorable
family, upon his trial on charges implicating his
character, which may result, and in some instances
have resulted, in degrading him below his fellows,
and trying him and convicting him upon testi-
mony which the tribunal tells us was drawn from
sources, some documentary, some historical, and
some personal! What documentary evidence?
I presume the commodore refers chiefly, if not
altogether, to the records of the Navy Depart-
ment, the public official documents there concern-
ing the various officers. Doubtless he referred
further—I know he might have referred further—
as a part of the documentary evidence, to loose,
unofficial, familiar correspondence between mem-
bers of the board and officers at a distance, ex-
amining into the character of some of their fellows
who had been arraigned before them.
I may instance here the case which has been
brought before us, of a letter of Mr. Du Pont to
an officer, inquiring into the character of Mr.
Bartlett. Of this gentleman—Mr. Bartlett—I
know nothing further than from transient and
accidental acquaintance formed during the present
session. I have seen from his papers, which he
was so obliging as to show me, that he bore a
very high character in the service with the officers
of the African squadron, from which he was re-
called by the action of this board. I saw further,
from the documents which he showed me, derived
from official sources, that within the last two
years he had been intrusted in most responsible
positions abroad, in France, by the Navy De-
partment, and with the disbursal of large sums
of money. I take that as prima facie evidence, at
least, that he was a gentleman of some consider-
ation and merit. He is one of those who have
been dropped. So far as we can gather from the
80
'■ scraps of information that have come before us,
j and more especially from this most remarkable
j letter of Mr. Du Pont, a member of the board at
! the time, we learn that ho was, among other
I things, arraigned before the board because of con-
duct so base, that, if true, he deserved to have his
j name stricken from the rolls, and consigned to
[ infamy. Mr. Du Pont writes a letter to Lieuten-
■ ant Rhind, and tells him that there are reports
j prejudicial to the character of Mr. Bartlett, and
I he had been referred to him as the executive offi-
cer of the public ship commanded by Mr. Bartlett
at the time when the transaction which was the
subject of these reports took place; and then says
to him, substantially," the reports are, that while
in command of that.ship, he used the ship for the
purpose of carrying on private trade, if not smug-
gling. " I think that is the language of the letter.
If that fact were true, that he had so far dis-
honored the service of the country whose com-
mission he bore as to use his ship for the purpose
of private trade, far more for smuggling, it was
a base act, for which he deserved to be deprived
of his commission—but how? On a fair trial;
under all the safeguards of judicial inquiry, where
he could confront his accuser, hear the charge
made against him, have an opportunity of cross-
examining the witnesses of the accuser, and pre-
senting his own; and more than all, where he
would have thrown around him the guarantees of
a tribunal responsible on their oath's for the jus-
tice of their judgment, and where he would have
had around him also the safeguard of evidence
given on oath. That is the character of judicial
inquiry. Can it be that any man m life—I care
not who—whose character is a part of his capital,
the dearest inheritance he can transmit to his
children, is to be put upon his trial, and to have
a judgment pronounced against him in his ab-
sence, without his knowledge, without a respons-
ible accuser, a responsible tribunal, or responsi-
i ble testimony: and then to be subjected to the
\ consequences of that judgment by being con-
i signed to the degradation of a dismissal from the
service?
Is it necessary to labor this point to show to
the Senate that it is utterly impossible that Con-
gress ever conccived such a power was lodged in
the naval board by the text of this law ? " Every
man is presumed innocentuntil his guilt is pro ved,"
is a maxim of the common law, which we have
derived from our ancestors, and which is cherished
everywhere. I am bound to believe that man
innocent at this day, for his guilt has never been
proved; and I am the more bound to assert it
when he has been subjected to all the consequences
of a conviction, and has never had even the decent
forms of a trial.
I was a little struck with the fact, that when
Captain Du Pont, for whose intellect and char-
acter I entertain high respect, sat down to write
that letter, he did not at once recoil from the act
which he was about to do. 1 was surprised that
a gentleman of his age and position in life, with
I the chivalry which doubtless belongs to his char-
1 acter, and which certainly does to his corps, did
j not say at once, when he sat down to write that
j letter, " I have no right to do it; I have no right
j to make this inquiry of any man whatsoever, in
relation to the character of another, without let-
ting him know that I am going to do it, and the
reasons for it, so that he may have a hearing and
may meet it." I am surprised that he did not
recoil from the act, and thus find out a fact, even
' if it could be found out in no other way.
It is impossible to suppose that the board did
not misconstrue the law when they found them-
selves put upon such duty. No man has a right
to write a private letter to inquire into the char-
acter of another, unless he acknowledges a direct
personal responsibility to the man who is injured
by it. No man has a right to write a letter in-
quiring into the character of another, and more
especially inquiring into charges so base as these,
without.being conscious that a responsibility fol-
lows the act. I repeat my surprise that when
Captain Du Pont sat down to write that letter he
did not recoil from the act, being forced to see
the consequences to which it would lead.
Mr. President, what would be thought, by any
honorable or fair-minded man in the land, if it
were told of us in the Senate that, while we were
here in the discharge of our public duties, an
inquisition was sitting upon us somewhere in our
own States for the purpose of inquiring into con-
duct affecting moral character—an inquisition con-
sisting of men whose opinions would carry weight
with them—and that any one of us was convicted,
in the judgment of such a tribunal, by informa-
tion gathered in the neighborhood by correspond-
ence with those persons who might be likely to
give information, and it was promulged to the
world as their opinion of Mr. A, or Mr. B, or
Mr. C, here, that he was unworthy of character,
unworthy of credit, unworthy of confidence, be-
cause his bad character had been established upon
such proof? Yet, that is the -condition of every
officer upon the furlough list who has been placed
there for causes affecting his moral character! I
say it is an utter misconception of the law. Al-
though it may be true—and 1 believe it is true—
that bad moral character, depravity, or vice, is
good ground, not for disrating an officer, but for
dismissing.him, it must be an utter misconcep-
tion of any law to suppose Congress to intend
thatproccedings of that kind should be instituted,
unless there, wore thrown around them all the
safeguards which are provided for regular judi-
cial inquiry. Yet they have undertaken to <lo it.
Now, sir, I say that the result of the proceed-
ings of this board—their " finding"—should be
set aside in toto, so far as it is competent for Con-
gress to set it aside, because of the original vice
that lias pervaded the whole transaction—in the
interpretation as well as in the execution of the
law.
Honorable Senators have asked, the chairman
of the committee has asked, what could the board
do? They had no power, gentlemen say, to send
for witnesses ; no power to administer oaths; no
power to compel the personal attendance of any-
body. That is no excuse, sir. The Secretary
of the Navy, if ho had prescribed regulations for
the board, might have given them substitutes
for every one of these. The Secretary of the
Navy might have said, " Any officer who you
have reason to believe can give you information,
shall be summoned to Washington upon a requi-
sition of the board." The Secretary of the Navy
could have said, in his regulations, " Ifyougo to
inquire into the capacity or unfitness resulting
from moral delinquency, you must bring the al-
leged offender before you, and on information to
the Department, he will be sent for." I have
not examined the point very closely, but it may
be that the Secretary, by no regulation, could
have prescribed that the evidence should be given
upon oath; and yet he could have prescribed what
would give to the witnesses obligations equal to
an oath—that the testimony should be reduced
to writing, should be rendered in the presence
ofthe party, and the witnesses should be sub-
ectj to cross-examination. If this had be done,
the obligation of an oath would have been a very
slight superaddition. Then, the objection made
by the honorable chairman and others that the
board had no power, is no objection at all. The
board had no power, 1 will warrant you; but
they had no power because of the failure of the
Secretary to prescribe the proper regulations un
del- which the examination should be made !
Ho w did the board act ? Commodore Shubrick,
in his letter, has told you the modus operandi.
He has said that, each officer on the board was
furnished with a copy of the Naval Register, and
was required to designate each one ofthe grades
subjected to him, who, he thought, for any
reason, was unfit for all his duties, ashore and
afloat; and when that was done, two of each
grade were deputed to consolidate the lists; and
when the lists were consolidated, they were
brought before the board in session, and subjected
to their revision. Let me illustrate this by taking
the case of an officer, Mr. A, who wa3 dotted
