185$.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m®
erence is made has been passed over, and the
committee cannot go back to it.
Mr. MARSHALL. If, then, it cannot be cor-
rected, I suggest that we should no w let the chair-
man of the Ways and Means take his bill out of
committee, and let uskillitin the House, in order
that he may come back to the House with a new
bill, and then we can prevent the perpetration of
this enormity.
Mr. CAMPBELL. With the view, then, of
taking the bill out of the committee, I have no
objection to the amendment proposed in refer-
ence to the salary of the Governor of New Mexico,
because we can take a vote upon it in the House
proper. I therefore move that the committee rise
and report the bill to the House with the amend-
ments.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not now
in order, as there is an amendment pending to
strike out the clause in reference to the salary of
the Governor of New Mexico.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I thought that amendment
was adopted by unanimous consent.
Mr. MARSHALL. I hope the clause will not
be stricken out.
Mr. WINSLOW moved that this committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the chairman
of the committee [Mr. Pennington] reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly House bill (No. 68)
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the fiscal year ending 30th of June,
1856, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. WINSLOW moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and
The House accordingly (at four o'clock) ad-
journed until Monday next, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 29,1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Daniel S.
Chapman, a soldier in the last war with Great
Britain, praying for a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PEARCE I present the petition of Julius
J. Bohrer, late a master in the Navy of the Uni-
ted States, complaining of the action of the late
naval board, in consequence of which he was
dropped, and praying for relief. As the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, which had charge of
similar memorials, has reported on the subject,
I move that this petition be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Mississippi, in favor of the adop-
tion of measures for obtaining reliable informa-
tion in relation to the cotton interest m Europe;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-^.
merce, and ordered to be printed.
OUR RELATIONS WITH GREAT BRITAIN.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, transmitting, in compliance with the reso-
lution yesterday adopted by the Senate, all cor-
respondence in relation to an alleged offer by
Great Britain to submit to the arbitrament of a
friendly Power, the questions in difference be-
tween the two Governments in reference to the
construction of the treaty of April 19, 1850. It
appears, from a letter of Mr. Buchanan to the
State Department, dated November^!, 1855, that,
in the course of a previous conversation, Lord
Clarendon intimated to him that it mightbe desir-
able to have the opinion of a third Power on the
true construction of the treaty. To this Mr. Bu-
chanan playfully replied, that it would be hard to
find an impartial umpire, as England had gone
to war with our umpire, the Emperor of Russia.
He urged on Lord Clarendon the reasons why the
British Government ought to relinquish the Bay
islands to Honduras; to which his lordship re-
sponded that those islands were not of the least
value to Great Britain, and that the only question
was, whether national honor did not forbid this
course.
In a conversation between Lord Clarendon and
Mr. Buchanan, on November 9th, 1855, the
former remarked that arbitration was the best
mode of settling the difference as to the construc-
tion of the treaty. The American Minister re-
plied, that there was nothing to arbitrate; that the
language of the treaty was so plain and explicit
as to leave no room for misconstruction. On the
5th of February, 1856, Mr. Buchanan commu-
nicated to the Secretary of State information
of a statement made in the House of Peers, by
Lord Clarendon, to the effect that the Briusn
Government had made " an offer " of arbitra-
tion, which had been declined by the American
Government. Mr. Buchanan, in this dispatch,
reiterated his former statements as to the conver-
sations on the subject, and said that nothing else
had been remarked but what he had previously
stated, and that he did not consider his conversa-
tions with Lord Clarendon as justifying the state-
ment made in the House of Lords. On the 6th of
February last, in an interview between the Amer-
ican Minister and the British Secretary of State
for Foreign Affairs, Lord Clarendon stated that
Mr. Crampton had been instructed by a dispatch,
dated in November, 1855, to make a formal pro-
posal to submit the question to arbitration.
A dispatch was received at the State Depart-
ment from Mr. Crampton on the 27th of Feb-
ruary, communicating a dispatch of Lord Clar-
endon to him, dated November 10, 1855, propos-
ing to submit the question to arbitration, which
had not been before submitted to this Govern-
ment in consequence of its last paragraph having
escaped the attention of Mr. Crampton.
Mr. MASON. The Senate ordered yesterday
that five thousand copies be printed of the com-
munication then received, one thousand to be for
the use of the Department of State. 1 had sup-
posed that to be a sufficient number, but it bus
been suggested otherwise. I shall not now move
to enlarge the number, but I will cheerfully ac-
quiesce in such a motion, if any other gentleman
desires that the number should be increased. I
therefore move that five thousand copies of this
communication be printed, of which one thousand
shall be for the use of the Department of State.
Mr. SEWARD. I am quite in favor of the
publication of the largest number of this corre-
spondence. It places the controversy on Central
American affairs in a light somewhat different
from that which it reflected when the debate in
the Senate on that subject commenced. As the
case was submitted to us by the President in his
annual message, the communications between the
two Governments consisted of an argument, able
and elaborate on each side, maintaining the re-
spective positions of the parties in regard to the
construction of the Central American treaty and
its effect, on the part of the United States demand-
ing a fulfillment of it, and on the part of Great
Britain quite positively, and I think I may now
say (though I did not say so on a former occa-
sion) somewhat offensively, refusing and denying
compliance with those demands.
/ Under those circumstances, I thought it the
duty of the Senate, of Congress, and of the coun-
try, to express (if my opinions on the subject
were right) their decided concurrence with the
Government in the positions it had assumed, and
in the demands it had made. I took occasion, in
expressing my opinions then, to say that we had
passed the point where wc could offer arbitration.
I took occasion, therefore, to consider the ques-
tion as one which might possibly become one of
peaccandwar. In reviewing all the circumstances
of the case, I, however, expressed the hope that
it might yet become the subject of new communi-
cations between the two great Powers, with the
view of averting the calamities of war; and I said
that Great Britain might thereafter offer us arbi-
tration, among the means of a settlement of the
question; and that if she should do so, I, for one,
should be in favor of listening and hearing, though
I would not commit myself, but would be willing
to go to the very verge of accommodation, for the
purpose of preventing the calamities of a belligerent
settlement.
I have no opinion now to express on the sub-
ject of arbitration thus offered, except that which
1 before expressed, that I never would consent
that the United States should offer arbitration;
and, in the second place, that if it is consistent
with the dignity and honor of the United States
to receive the proposition of arbitration from the
British Government—that Government having
now distinctly made the offer—I do not say at
what time—to arbitrate this question, I have no
opinion to express for the purpose of embarrass-
ing the Government of the United States in the
consideration of that question, nor will I embar-
rass it by expressing any opinion in favor of the
acceptance of the offer, or adverse to it. I am sure
we shall do most wisely by leaving that under the
authority of the Department, in the able manage-
ment of the Secretary of State.
I congratulate the Senate, then, on the more
pacific and pleasing prospect of this exciting,
great, and most important question; and I trust
that the harmony of these two Governments and
the peace of these two nations is not to be dis-
turbed; while I am sure, that in its present hands,
and I think in the hands of any Administration
to whom the honor of the country may be con-
fided, the great interests involved in the fulfill-
ment of the treaty will not be sacrificed by the
United States.
I have a word to say on the subject of the cor-
respondence in regard to the violation of the rights *
of neutrality of the United States, which I in-
tended to say on a future occasion, but I do not
like to trouble the Senate often and desultorily,
and will therefore say what I have to say on that
subject now.
I'he Senate will recollect that, when the Cen-
tral American question was before the Senate on a
previous occasion, I took care to avoid the discus-
sion of the conduct of Mr. Crampton and of the
British agents in regard to the violation of our
neutrality laws. I did so, partly because we were
not informed definitively of what was the nature
of the offense stated to liave been given by Great
Britain, or of the correspondence with the British
Government in regard to it; but I did so more be-
cause I thought it unnecessary and unwise to
embarrass a great, and importantna.tional question
with one of ceremony or of etiquette, or of a per-
sonal character.
One good cause of complaint against a party is
better than many causes of complaint. The mind
of man delights m simplicity. One real and im-
portant cause of complaint is enough to present
against any Government at one time; and you
can connect no other one with it, which is of sub-
ordinate importance, without diminishing tho
magnitude and interest of the first and chief one.
It was for this reason that I regretted to see a con-
nection between these two questions, and endeav-
ored to separate them, the one from the other.
But the course of events has brought out the cor-
respondence upon this other and merely collateral
subject; and the impression has been made on
the minds of many, and has been expressed, I
believe, in the Senate, by some members of this
body, while I was absent, to the effect that there
was nothing in the correspondence of the British
Government of the nature of an apology for the
offense which had been given by them in regard
to this recruiting question. I wish to say that,
upon the very cursory examination which I have
given that question, i am not prepared to go that
length. While I intend to support the Govern-
ment in maintaining the honor of the country
upon this, as upon every other question, I still'
think that circumstances appear m this corre-
spondence which show that the British Govern-
ment may, with plausibility and perhaps with
conscientiousness, say, that they have tendered
what was regarded by them in the nature of an
apology, which was as broad and as full as it was
consistent with the honor of that Government to
make.
I find that Lord Clarendon, in reply to a letter
of Mr. Marcy of the 15th of July last, expresses
" the regret of her Majesty's Government if the
law of the United States has been in any way
infringed by persons acting with or without any
authority from them;" and further declares, that
u any such infringement is entirely contrary to
the wishes and to the positive instructions of her
Majesty's Government." Lord Clarendon fur-
ther states that Mr. Crampton was directed to
issue strict orders to the British consuls in the
United States to be careful not to violate the law,
and that "Mr. Crampton was enjoined, above ail,
