1856.J
34th Conq....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
529
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Sumner.
Senate.
■wants ihis appropriation; I ask, for what purpose ? |
ami he stands nnite. Were he to inform us in
p'ain lsnfuajje that he desires to move troops from
IVxns to Kansas, in order to ovenvftre or murder
the people, he knows we would not grant it. He
therefore keeps us ignorant of his designs, but
insists that we shall give him the money.
Sow, Mr. Speaker, I came here to guard the
interests, as well as maintain the rights, of the
people. I am their servant, and in no respect de-
pendent on the Administration. If the Executive
will show us that this appropriation will subserve
the public interests, I will vote for it; otherwise I
will not. Gentlemen will not frighten me by
holding out the doctrine that we are bound to make
appropriations because the Administration de-
mands it. Why, sir, that doctrine was exploded,
under the British Government, in the times of
Sidney and Hampden. They hurled defiance at
the Crown, and obeyed the voice of the people.
Shall we do less? In 17%, when this body was
called on for appropriations to carry into effect
the treaty then recently formed with England, this
point was lonj* discussed and fully settled. We
then decided that, even where the treaty-making
power had entered into the most solemn obliga-
tions for the payment of money, it nevertheless
rested entirely "in the pleasure of this House,
cither to make or withhold such appropriation.
That was an assertion of the independence of
the House of Representatives, expressed in the
extremist possible case. Nor has that doctrine,
so far as I recollect, been denied by any states-
man since it was thus solemnly declared.
Why, sir, this is a Government of the people;
and the doctrine cannot be too often reiterated.
Under the Constitution their will is our supreme
law. We are sent here to carry into effect their
objects, obey their pleasure, protect their inter-
ests, preserve their power. If we fail to do these
things, we shall fail in our duty.
The people, through their Representatives,
nay withhold all appropriations, may effectually
block the wheels of Government—ay, sir, and
roll them back upon the desecrated bodies of un-
faithful rulers. It is a great primal truth, lying
at the very foundation of our institutions, that
whenever this Government becomes destructive
of the rights of the people it will be their right
and their duty to alter or abolish rr! And, sir, '
1 would far rather see this Government dissolved, |
than see the humblest citizen of Kansas mur-
dered for refusing obedience to the infhmous
enayments alluded to, and their murder effected
by means of appropriations made in this body.
Sir, the great contest now going on is that
which has been more or less prominent in all .
past ages of the world. It is a contest between
oppression and liberty, between executive power I
and popular rights, between usurpation and the
right of resist an«- No usurper, no despot of
Europe ever wielded power over a subjugated
people with less color of right than that now
claimed by the Executive over the people of
Kansas. True, he professes to do it from neces-
sity, which has been the excuse of all tyrants in
all ages of the world. Nor should we disguise
facta. We know that this contest commenced
by military force—by armed violence. And now,
through the southern, and through the northern
States, preparations arc making, and have long
been making, to test the relative strength of
slavery and freedom in Kansas. Men and muni-
tions of war have been raised and sent to Kansas,
from both slave and free States. Other men and
more means are being raised. The feeling on
both sides is increasing and rapidly extending.
Since the armed invasion of Kansas has been
effected, there is to be but one result—the suprem-
acy of ei ther slavery or freed om. One must yield,
or the contest end in civil war.
The friends of freedom have forborne, amidst
great provocation; but, sir,every member in this
Hall is conscious that a crisis is approaching.
Already have the people of Missouri commenced
a virtual war on the people of the free States.
They have seized cannons and rifles as contra-
band of war, while passing up the Missouri river
towards Kansas. For those seizures there was
no law but that of war. One characteristic, how-
ever, deemed honorable even by the early Romans,
has been omitted. They regarded a declaration
New Series—No. 34.
to be requisite, informing their opponents of in-!
tended hostilities, that they might prepare; for
they held it disgraceful to commence a war upon
any people who were unapprised of their inten-
tion.
| At this moment the army of the United States,
; like the Swiss guards in Paris, are encamped in
Lawrence, ready to shoot down the first man who
raises his voice for freedom. American citizens
are held in subjection by military force. The
voice of liberty is hushed into silencc by the dis-
play of swords and bayonets. For any man in
Kansas to assert that " Governments are consti-
tuted to secure liberty to all men under our exclu-
sive dominion," would render him a felon under
the laws now enforced there by military rule;
and this sad—this humiliating fact is to go down
to posterity as existing in this age, while you and
I hold seats in this Hall. Our names are to be
associated with those who submit to such tyranny
or with those who stand firmly in the cause of
freedom.
1 hope and trust that the crisismay be postponed
until another President shall come into power—
'one who will withdraw our army, and leave the
people of Kansas " free to form their domestic
institutions in their own way." To effect this
object, I think the people of Kansas perhaps do
well at the present time in submitting to the Uni-
ted States authority, even though it be wielded for
oppression, for slavery, for suppressing the right
of free speech, and of a free press. The time is
rapidly approaching when even our Federal au-
thority will be set at defiance, if exerted to enforce
such objects. Why, sir, were 1 a citizen of Kan-
sas, I would sooner see my sons fall by my side—
I would myself die on my own threshold, and
permit my body to be consumed in the flames of
my own habitation, than suffer my lips to be silent
upon the subject of human rights. I would send
one word of encouragement to our friends in
Kansas. I say to them, our voices shall be raised
at all times in their behalf; Qur substance shall be
freely given to aid them; and our sons shall go
with their fathers'blessings to share the fortunes
of liberty in tha^Territory.
I notice, in the Richmond Enquirer of yester-
day, a statement, that " the appeal to the people to
contribute something to the support or slavery in
Kansas has been answered by prompt and energetic
measures." It may be, that New York—with her
immense wealth and a white population of more
than three times as great as that of Virginia—will
answer the appeal in favor of liberty as promptly
as Virginia does in favor of slavery. The pro-
position is fairly tendered to New York. The
editor referred to is, perhaps, the best Democratic
authority in the nation. He represents the peo-
ple of Virginia as ready to jight for slavery. I
think, perhaps, the free States may furnish as
many friends of liberty as the slave States can
friends of slavery. I trust we can on this subject
pair off with them. We are not alarmed at such
intimations. We have reflected on the subject;
and when we shall have said our prayers—invoked
the blessing of Heaven on our righteous cause,
we shall be prepared for the conflict, and then
may God prosper the right!
But this conflict may be avoided for the pres-
ent, by admitting Kansas as a State, and per-
mitting her people to enact their own laws, pro-
tect their own rights, and govern themselves.
Their numbers now enable them to do this. It
was our duty—our constitutional obligation to
protect them against slavery, and all other crimes,
during the infancy and minority of the Territory;
but the present party in power refused They
preferred to let tne Missouri ruffians invade the
Territory, and subjugate the people; and we are
called on to appropriate money to enforce and
confirm that conquest. The people desire the
Executive to withdraw the hand of oppression,
and permit them to carry on their own government
in their own way. The President wishes us to
give him money to carry on this war against them.
Thus are we constrained to choose between the
admission of Kansas on the one hand, or civil
war on the other. I prefer the former. There
is no constitutional—no legal objection to it. I
hope and trust we may admit it as soon as the
question can be brought before us. It will put an
end to the present excitement, give rest and repose
to the public mind, and to that extent will settle
existing difficulties; but such settlement will op-
erate merely as an armistice—a temporary sus-
pension of the conflict. No final settlement of the
slave question can be effected while this Federal
power shall be exerted in favor of oppression. It
was never constituted for that purpose. Our
fathers toiled and bled for liberty, for justice, for
humanity, for the establishment of the funda-
mental truth, that all men hold title to freedom
from their Creator. Those doctrines will be main-
tained by-the American people in Kansas. The
popular feeling is arousea; tne indignation of the
people now burns like an oven, and will soon hurl
from power and place all who are endeavoring to
overthrow the doctrines of our republican fathers
by upholding, extending, and perpetuating human
bondage.  
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
SPEECH OF HON. C. SUMNER,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the Senate, May 19, 1856.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having under
consideration the bill to authorize the people of the Terri-
tory of Kansas to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, preparatory to their admission into the Union, when
they have the requisite population,
Mr. SUMNER saitfe •
Mr. President, you are now called to redress
& great transgression. Seldom in the history
of nations has such a question been presented.
Tariffs, Army bills, Navy bills, Lana bills, are
important, and justly occupy your care; but these
all belong to the course of ordinary legislation.
As means and instruments only, they are neces-
sarily subordinate to the conservation of Govern-
ment itself. Grant them or deny them, in greater
or less degree, and you will inflict no shock. The
machinery of Government will continue to move.
The State will not cease to exist. Far otherwise
is it with the eminent question now beforeyou,
involving, as it does, Liberty in a broad Terri-
tory, and also involving the peace of the whole
country with our good name in history for ever-
more.
Take down your map, sir, and you will find
that the Territory of Kansas, more than any other
region, occupies the middle spot of North Amer-
ica, equally distant from the Atlantic on the east,
and the Pacific on the west; from the frozen waters
of Hudson's Bay on the north, and the tepid Gulf
Stream on the south, constituting the precise ter-
ritorial center of the whole vast Continent. To
such advantages of situation, on the very highway
between two oceans, are added a soil of unsur-
Eassed richness, and a fascinating, undulating
eauty of surface, with a health-giving climate,
calculated to nurture a powerful and generous
people, worthy to be a central pivot of American
Institutions. A few short months only have
passed since this spacious mediterranean country
was open only to the savage, who ran wild in its
woods and prairies; and now it has already drawn
to its bosom a population of freemen larger than
Athens crowded within her historic gates, when
her sons, under Miltiades,won Liberty for man-
kind on the field of Marathon; more than Sparta
contained when she ruled Greece, and sent forth
, her devoted children, quickened by a mother's
benediction, to return with their shields or on
j them; more than Rome gathered on her seven
hills, when, under her kings, she commenced that
| sovereign sway, which afterwards embraced the
l whole earth; more than London held, when, on
i the fields of Crecy and Agincourt, the English
banner was carried victoriously over the chival-
' rous hosts of France.
, Against this Territory, thus fortunate in posi-
tion and population, a Crime has been committed,
which is without example in the records of the
Past. Not in plundered provinces or in the cru-
elties of selfish governors will you find its par-
; allel; and yet there is an ancient instance, which
I may show at least the path of justice. In the
terrible Impeachment by which the great Roman
Orator has blasted through all time the name of
Verres, amidst charges of robbery nnd sacrilege,
' the enormity which most aroused the indignant
