1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2141
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Seward's amendment as amended, resulted
—yeas 22, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee, Uollamer, Dodge, Douglas, Foot, Foster, Geyer,
Hale, Harlan, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee,
Pugh, Seward, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New
Jersey, Trumbull, Wade, Weiler, Wilson, and Wright—22.
NAY ^—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Big-
ler, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Cass, Clay, Clayton,
Crittenden, Houston, Hunter, Mallory, Mason, Pearce,
Pratt, Reid, Sebastian, Slidell, Toombs, andYuiee—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEWARD. I am directed by tlie Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer a further amendment,
to strike out the clause:
For flagging the side-walks and all the areas, terrace,
cut It-stone for three streets, building three vaults, and com-
pleting the stone balustiade of the custom-house at Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, .^20,809 90.
And in lieu of it insert:
For completing tlie custom-house and post office building
at Cincinnati, Ohio, with all necessary additions, append-
ages, and accommodations, $35,000.
That becomes necessary to supply an omission
made by the House of Representatives.
Mr. HUNTER. It is according to estimate,
I believe.
Mr. PUGH. I can explain in a moment. The
House bill contains an appropriation for flagging
the sidewalks, areas, terrace, and so forth, to an
amount not exceeding $20,000; but the House
committee, by some oversight, I presume, omit-
ted some part of the estimate. My colleague in
the House from that district [Mr. Harrison] was
to have moved an amendment, but he happened
to be out of the House. I have an estimate, but
X do not know that it is necessary to read it.
Several Senators. Oh, no!
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I desire to
offer an amendment, which was presented m the
House of Representatives as a bill and placed on
the Calendar, so that it cannot be reached there.
It has been recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and is, I think, entitled to great con-
sideration at this time. It is for the purpose of
erecting a building for the custom-house and post
office at Perth Amboy, the largest collection dis-
trict in the State of New Jersey. For that object
I ask that the sum of $20,000, with ten per cent,
for contingencies, and as much as may be neces-
sary to purchase a site, be appropriated. I offer
the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. Is the estimate to complete
or commence it?
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. Let my
amendment be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
.find, be it further enacted, That the sum of $90,000, with
ten per cent, thereon to cover contingencies, and so much
as may be required to purchase a suitable site, be, and the
same ai e hereby, appropriated, out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the construction in
the city of Perth Amboy, m the State of New Jersey, for
the accommodation of a custom-house and post office, of a
brick building perfectly fire-proof, with floors constructed
of iron beams and brick arches, and an iion roof of forty-
five by thirty-two feet, and thirty-two feet high: Provided,
That no money hereby appropriated shall be used or applied
fertile purpose mentione I until a valid title to the land for
the sue of said building shall be vestedm the United States,
and until the State of New Jeisey shall also duly relinquish
and release to the United States the nellt to tax or m any
way assess said site, or the property of the United States
that may he thereon, dunng the time that the United States
shall be or remain the owner thereof.
Mr. HUNTER. Does that come from a com-
mittee ?
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. It was
reported by the Committee on Commerce in the
House of Representatives.
Mr. HUNTER. Not here?
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. No, sir.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to the fact, that this appropriation of
$22,000 is merely for the purchase of a site, and
if we biiy the site we must expect to expend
$100,000 for building a custom-house and post
office.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to a question of order,
as it doe? not come from a cornrtiiUee.
Mr. SEWARD. It is not a private claim. It
is an improvement connected with the adminis-
tration of the revenue, and any Senator has a
right to move it. It is not a private claim, but a
public matter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
under the impression that the amendment is in
order.
Mr. MALLORY. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
That the President of the United States cau<?e to be con-
structed at Key West, Florida, a suitable building for the
accommodation of the district court ot the United States
for the southern district of Florida, and that the sum of
$8,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated for this
purpose out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg to ask the honorable
mover of this proposition whether, in case his
amendment be adopted by the Senate, the amend-
ment as amended will receive his vote ?
Mr. MALLORY. That question is not perti-
nent to the issue here. I beg leave to say, in rela-
tion to my amendment, that it i^ in the exact
words of a bill which has been reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary, I believe, on two
different occasions. I will vote for a court-house
at Key West because we have been paying rent
for a great many years at §360 per annum; and
the sum of $8,000 will build a court-house, and I
presume it will be cheaper. I will vote for this
amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I beg leave to ask the
honorable Senator a question more pertinent.
The United States have been paying rent to me
for a court-house in the city where I live for the
last ten years. I ask, whether the Senator will
agree to build a court-house in that town instead
of being lessee under a man so disloyal as I am
said to be ? [Laughter.]
Mr. HUNTER. Is the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Florida in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ The Chair
wishes to ask, in regard to the original amend-
ment, whether it is estimated for by one of the
Departments, or reported by a standing commit-
tee ?
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I under-
stand it was recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury, and the recommendation is in the
possession of the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce in the House, [Mr. Wasiiburne, of
Illinois,] who says he cannot lay his hands on it.
It was reported unanimously from the Committee'
on Commerce in the House. Their bill has gone
on the Calendar of the House, and will not be
reached at this session. I have not the recom-
mendation or estimate of the Secretary of the
Treasury in my possession.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been
the uniform practice to require the reading of the
estimate of the Department. The Chair is under
the impression that this amendment is not in
order according to the rule. The original amend-
ment being out of order, the proposition of the
Senator from Florida, as an amendment to it,
cannot be entertained.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish toJoffer the following
amendment as a new section:
Ayid be it further enadeil, That from and after the com-
mencement of the present fiscal year, the annual compel)
sation of the clerks of the first class in the Executive De
partments of the Government shall be the same as that
allowed to the second ciass, to be paid out of any money m
the Tieasuiy not otheiwise appropnated.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a proposition to raise
the salary of the first-class clerks fiom $1,200 to
; ^1,400 a year. We cannot go into the subject of
j their classification on this bill at this time of the i
i session. 1 hope the Senate will postpone it until
j the next session.
Mr. ADAMS. I do not wish to raise a discus-
sion. I only want a vote of the Senate. I am
| perfectly convinced that there is no difference in
! fact in the value of the services or the amount of
j labor between these two classes, and I want to.
; put them on an equality.
j The amendment was rejected.
! Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings to move an amend-
ment, to insert after the appropriation for the
Treasury extension:
Foi continuing the Capitol extension, -v/7.~0.0Q0.
There is no appropriation in any of the bills
this year for continuing tho Capitol extension
The reason nf that omission grows out of the
fact, that, at the time when the regular estimates
were sent in, there was a large fund on hand, and
the engineer in charge of the building could not
say, m his own judgment, what he thought would
be a proper appropriation for the next fiscai year.
Subsequently to that he became very ill, and a
prolonged illness prevented him from paying
attention to the estimate. The estimate was sent
in last Saturday, I think, to the Department, and
came to us only yesterday morning, with a mes-
sage from the President. The present state of
the fund is, that there is only money enough to
carry on the work for the present month. This
estimate is founded on a correct calculation of the
probable cost of the whole building, and is the
least sum requisite for this year.
The amendment was agreed to.'
Mr. BAYARD. I have another amendment
from the Committee on Public BuflHings, to come
in after the one just adopted:
* For continuing the grading and planting with trees the
unimpioved portions of the Mail, $10,000.
This estimate was scntin at the commencement
of the session by the Secretary of the Interior.
The appropriation was divided, and part of it put
in the deficiency bill. The Committee on Public
Buildings considered that, in the deficiency bill,
it was too much to ask for the whole sum. It
was not all requisite then, and we recommended
one half. That was passed in the deficiency bill.
For what reason I know not, the residue, which
was necessary for the improvement of the grounds,
and to prevent the waste of what has been pre-
viously appropriated during the last session, has
not been included by the House in this bill. It
came in the regular estimates; and the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings and the engineer in
charge of the grading of the grounds say, that
what has been expended will be lost", the drainage
being insufficient, if this appropriation be not
made.
The amendment was agreed to. •
Mr. BAYARD. I have another amendment
from the same committee:
For continuing the construction of the Washington aque-
duct, §500,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I am as much a friend of that
woik as anybody; but we' have tried the House
sufficiently on it. We know what we have be-
fore us, and the little time wo have for carrying
the bill through. There is no sort of chance of
succecding with this item. We tried it on the
deficiency bill, and had to give it up in the com-
mittee of conference. If there were any chances
I would vote for it with pleasure; but there is no
chance, and it will only embarrass the bill, which
is very heavy already.
Mr. BAYARD. I will state the reason for the
amendment very briefly. There is no harm in
presenting such an amendment to the House;
and if they object to it it can be withdrawn. Tho
Congress of the United States authorized a former
President, Mr. Fillmore, to select between two
plans for supplying the city of Washington with
water. He had both plans before him. He ap-
proved that which proposed to bring thS water
by an aqueduct from the Great Falls of the Po-
tomac. After this was done, the Congress of
the United States had a bill before them, and after
full discussion appropriated fJ250,000 for the pur-
pose of going on with the work. We commenced
it, and have gone into it under these circum-
stances. Nearly all the land has been bought,
and contracts have been made with contractors.
It is true that, m most cases, these contracts are
contingent on the appropriation beingmade, and,
therefore, the loss will fall on the contractors, and
not on the Government; but it will fall on men
who have made their preparations under the stip-
position that Congress would not be so mutable
in its character as to abandon a public work after
having determined on it a few sessions ago, and
after having expended $250,000 on it.
As to the charges of extravagance connected with
this work, there is nothing in them at all. The
question of the proper plan and the difference m
cost of a work of this sort, and any other mode
in which it could be done, was determined delib-
erately by Congress, having all the information
before them when they made the appropriation
of 5,250,000. Since that time the work has been
done within the estimates then given. It is not
going to cost more. I cannot perceive any reason
why we should now abandon it.
How, sir,why should we not supply the city of
Washington with water to the extent proposed ?
It is not on account of the people of Washing-
ton. We own more than one half in value of the
