1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ami testimonials of character, highly favorable to the indi-
vidual, and designated as such in the synopsis accompanying
the case, were never presented to the board."
That must occur under such circumstances.
No man is conversant with the forms of accusa-
tion, and evidence, and trial, who does not know
that you cannot trust any tribunal to bring for-
ward all the evidence which a man charged has
a right to have, unless you give him a hearing,
interest him in his own case, and enable him to
bring forward his own testimony. From what
I know of the forms of investigation, of the ex-
perience of courts of trial and inquiry, I would
hazard my life almost against a sixpence, that if
the proceedings of this board ever could be got
at, you would find more than one case (not from
designed suppression) where a man was convicted
on evidence contained in the files of the Depart-
ment, when all the files on the subject were not
before the board, and nobody there was interested
in bringing them there. I think that it was un-
just. Is it not cruel injustice—is it not tyranny
of the mostodious stamp, and leading to the most
odious results ? Are we to be answered by say-
ing, as we arc told in the report of the Committee
on Naval Affairs:
" In the judgment of your committee, the assertion of such
a claim piesupposes for the memenialists such an unquali-
fied vested right m their commissions as is equally incon-
sistent with the theoiyand the practice of our Government,
and cannot be sustained without ignoring the evident dis-
tinction between the authority of the appointing power to
determine foritself, in its own manner and at its discretion,
the qualifications of a candidate for office, and the right of
the same power to depiive hint of his jproperty without a
< hearing,' a ' trial,' or a 'defense.' "
I concede the right. Here again the committee
confound, as did the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Clayton,] the proceedings of this board
with the acknowleged executive power of the
President. I do not pretend to say that an officer
has such a vested right in his commission as to
entitle him to question the act of the Executive,
if the Executive takes it from him; but I say the
officer has a vested right in his character, whether
he holds a commission or not, and no tribunal on
earth should take it from him under imputations
without giving him a trial. It is no answer to
say that the President may do it. It is no answer
to say that the board rightly construed this law,
as authorizing them to take away a man's charac-
ter: because they took away his commission as
the principal, his character followed as an inci-
dent. Every man has an interest in his character
—a property in it—and a most valuable property
it is—one that is regarded alike by public opinion
and public law. There is no fair or just tribunal
that will tamper with it, far less destroy it in his
absence, in the dark, without a hearing; and yet
this is the right which is claimed for this board
and the action of the Executive under this law,
which is sought to be put under the Executive
power to remove an officer.
I do not mean to say that it would have been
unwise or inexpedient for the Secretary to in-
struct this board as to all matters of professional
competency; " whether incompetency results
from physical disability or from advanced years,
you shall give the party a hearing, give him
information of what you are about." But I do
mean to say that if the Secretary felt himself at
liberty, as he did, to authorize the board to go
into the question of character, he departed from
every principle of law, every principle of justice,
every principle of common right and humanity,
when he authorized it to be done without requir-
ing at the same time that the party implicated
should have a hearing, and should be allowed to
bring witnesses to defend himself, and cross-ex-
amine those brought against him. It was com-
petent for the Secretary to have done this. Here
was a misconception of the law—a departure
from it, and in that departure, as I conceive, an
utter prostration and subversion of every princi-
ple of law, and right, and justice in this land.
It cannot be justified by ascribing it to the ex-
ecutive power. Who ever heard, as I said before,
of such an exercise of power, except in some
flagrant case, a case notorious and undisputed,
such, for instance, as the assault made on Gen-
eral Jackson by an officer of the Navy, to which
allusion was made a few days since—a persona!
assault in which an indignity was attempted to
be put 011 his person. That was a flagrant case
which required no examination. If he had been
dismissed for that—but I believe the fact is, that
ho was dismissed before that for other malcon-
duct—there could be no question, no room for
inquiry, because the fact was notorious. But
who ever heard of any President of the United
States dismissing an officer, or putting him upon
the furlough list, upon information derived from
another that such and such facts were true in
regard to him? Why, sir, however simple-
minded lie may have been, if you could have such
a President, he would say at once, " Very well,
put the charge in the form of an accusation; it
shall go to the Navy Department; a judicial court
shall be raised; judicial forms must be pursued;
and if, upon inquiry, it turns out that the fact is
true, the jranishment shall follow." Still, the
President, if he had pleased, under the executive
power nowclaimed for him, might have dismissed
the man without any such inquiry; he might have
dismissed him upon any malignant tale, or idle
gossip, or rumor whispered 111 his ear by a
brother officer. If he had done it, every voice
in the land would have condemned him for the act.
Nobody can question that; yet this is what the
naval board have done, and it is justified now
because the President had power, without a hear-
ing or inquiry, to dismiss anybody.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will the Senator suffer me
to interrupt him for a moment on this point?
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator to recollect that in days gone by, President
Jackson struck from the rolls Lieutenant Hunter
and other officers concerned with him in his duel
with Mr. Miller, of Philadelphia. I suppose the
Senator is acquainted with that fact. Was not
that a charge against a man's charactcr? He was
charged with dueling. He did not undergo any
judicial scrutiny or investigation; but his name
was struck off the lists, and the names of his
seconds were struck off also. That is a case in
answerto the question which my lionorablefnend
put, whether there existed any case where the
President had ever exercised this power in this
way where character was involved ?
Mr. MASON. That is no answer to my ques-
tion. I remember the case to which the Senator
alludes. I do not recollect the facts precisely; I
remember that there was a duel fought in Phil-
adelphia by some naval officers; but I recollect
nothing beyond the reports at the time in the
newspapers. As far as I recollect the sources of
information which reached me, they were ofachar-
acter to implicate the honorand the fairness of the
transaction. ,
Mr. CLAYTON. It touched the character of
men; that is what I contend foi.
Mr. MASON. What I mean to say is that
all I knew about it was through the newspapers.
I certainly should not have relied on that evidence
if I had been in power. What the President
knew about it I know not; but I presume he got
his information from more responsible sources.
It is one of those cases to which I have already
alluded — such as the offense against General
Jackson. There may be, I admit, cases of fla-
grant outrage upon public opinion, or honor, or
decency. I say " flagrant;" 1 supposPthc Sena-
tor knows the meaning of that term—that which
none deny. The President took care that it was
brought to his knowledge from responsible quar-
ters to satisfy him of its truth before lie acled 011
it. Whatthe facts were I do notknow. Although
the Executive has that power, I have never heard
of its being exerted except in such a flagrant case
that no one questioned its propriety.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Accoi ding to my recol-
lection of the transaction, the gentleman alluded
to was a short time afterwards restored by the
President to his place.
Mr. CLAYTON". He was not restored by
President Jackson. Captain Byrne was restored,
but not Mr. Hunter, by General Jackson.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. But he was restored.
Mr. CLAYTON. By some other President,
I presume, for he was afterwards ill the Navy.
Who did it, or under what circumstances it was
done, I do not know.
Mr. MASON. If those officers were restored,
it is a very unfortunate precedent to he cited by
the Senator from Delaware. If they were re-
stored, the presumption would be that the Prcsi- !
dent became satisfied that he had acted hasti.y.
Mr. CLAYTON. They were not all restored
by the President who removed them.
Mr. MASON. If they were restored at all, I.
presume it was upon the ground thai the
dent had acted hastily; fbr.certainly he had thei
power to dismiss, and if he revoked his own act,
or if it was canceled by his successor, I presume -
it was on the ground that he had acted hastijys
and therefore .it is an unfortunato precedent for
the Senator to adduce in justification of the acts;
of this board, who have struck down, not only-
one officer but scores, without a hearing, and
upon questions affecting character.
Honorable Senators who sustain the report of
the committee and the action of the board have
taken the ground, tha,t there is no officer placed.'
on the reserved list, whether on furlough or other-
wise, who ought to complain that ho has been
degraded; and it is considered almost indecorous
in any of them to make complaint, and it is said'
he can only do it with a desire to excite improper^'
feeling or sympathy in his behalf; because, as is'
alleged, the fact does not exist. Why, sir, look
at the report of the committee, and contrast its'
language with this declaration that these officers
have no right to complain, or to consider that
they have been degraded by being placed on th«
furlough list. At page 38 of the report, th«
committee say—
" Your committee concur with the construction given to
the law by the Secretary of the Navy; and they believe
that could a board of fifteen men in any honorable profes-
sion, military or civil, be found, who, being charged with
the duty, sternly to eliminate from it all who could not
! perform pioinptly and efficiently' their duties, should yet.
knowingly retain 111 honorable service, promote to its highest
honors and responsibilities, indorse under'the bread .seal of
the country, and send forth to representits .unsullied honor,
the corrupt, the,faithless, the depraved, and the vicioua,
their indifference to their own honor would only be excelled
by thoir disregard of the true interests oftbeir profession."
The honorable chairman, who, I presume, drew
this rep«rt, vindicates the board in having, as ho
says, properly discharged their duty and properly
construed the law, in purifying the Navy from
those who were corrupt, faithless, depraved, and
vicious.
Mr. MALLORY. Allow me to say to my
friend from Virginia, that he announces a most
extraordinary doctrine. The portion of the report
which he has quotedwas put forward to meet the
argument which had bee,n used here, that per-
sonal character was not to be inquired into, and
that, though the board might know that a man
was infamous, they were not to pass upon him.
It is extraordinary to say that meeting such an
argument necessarily passes judgment upon those
011 whom the board passed judgment.
Mr. MASON. I am warranted in the con-
struction which I place upon this part of the re-
port of the committee—that they are vindicating
the board for having gone into the character or
officers, by inquiring whether it would have been
right in the board to allow the corrupt, the faith-
less, the depraved, the vicious, to remain in the
service. I say it would not have been right.to
allow them to remain in the service, but they
ought not to have been put out of the service by
the action of this board without evidence—with-
out proof; for this is the charge—this is the gist
of the complaint. No one will say that such men
ought to be allowed to remain in the Navy; but
I think all men will admit, or ought to admit,
that they should not be put out of the Navy un-
less they had the common right,of a hearing, and
the common right of vindicating themselves.
Again,at page 39 of the report, the Committee
say:
" In the execution of such important and delicate trusts,
arc not patriotism, honor, andinoial cliuiaetcr, essentia! to
c efficiency V and in selecting men upon whom they may
devolve, can wo knowingly commission dis^jpatioiij vice,
01 immorality r"
Now,sir,if you aremaking an investigation into
the competency of officers to discharge their duty,
and find that some arc alleged to be incompetent
because of mmo, depravity, immorality, stop
your inquiry where the charge commences, and
turn it over to tht. proper forum. This was the
duty of the board: because otherwise, they must
of necessity do gross and cruel wrong, if they dis-
miss men upon chargcs affecting their moral char-
acter, on hearsay testimony, or, as Commodore
Shubnrk has classed it, oa testimony historical,
documentary, and personal. This was the mis-
conception of the law. The principle qfedramon
justice required what I have pointed oat: - They
were put there to ascertain professional incompe-
