1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLpBE. 531
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Sumner.
Senate.
there are persons among us loving Liberty too
well for their personal good, in a selfish genera- !
tion. Such there may be, and, for the sake of ,
their example, would that there were more! In j
calling them " fanatics," you cast contumely upon
the noble army of martyrs, from the earliest day
down tatliis hour; upon the great tribunes of
human nghts, by whom life, li&erty, and happi-
ness, on earth, have been secured; upon the long
line of devoted patriots, who, throughout history,
have truly loved their country; and, upon ail,
who, in noble aspirations for the general good
and in forgetfulness of self, have stood out before
their age, and gathered into their generous bosoms
the shafts of tyranny and wrong, in order to
make a pathway fo r Truth. You discredit Luther,
when alone he nailed his articles to the door of
the church at Wittenberg, and then, to the impe-
rial demand that he should retract, firmly replied,
" Here I stand; I cannot do otherwise, so help
me God!" You discredit Hampden, when alone
he refused to pay the few shillings of ship-money,
*nd shook the throne of Charles I.; you discredit
Milton, when, amidst the corruptions of a heart-
less Court, he lived on, the lofty friend of Liberty,
above question or suspicion; you discredit Rus-
sell aria Sidney, when, for the sake of their
country, they calmly turned from family and
friends, to tread the narrow steps of the scaffold;
you discredit those early founders of American
institutions, who preferred the hardships of a
wilderness, surrounded by a savage foe, to injus-
tice on beds of ease; y ou d tscred i t our later fathers,
who, few in numbers and weak in resources, yet
strong in their cause, did not hesitate to brave
the mighty power of England, already encircling
the globe with her morning drum-beats. Yes,
sir, of such are the fanatics of history, according
to the Senator. But 1 tell that Senator, that there
are characters badly eminent, of whose fanaticism
there can be no question. Sueh were the ancient
Egyptians, who worshipped divinities in brutish
forms; the Druids, who darkened the forests of
oak, in which they lived, by sacrifices of blood;
the Mexicans, who surrendered countless victims
to the propitiation of their obscene idols; the
Spaniards, who, under Alva, sought to force the
Inquisition upon Holland, by a tyranny kindred
to that now employed to force Slavery upon
Kansas; and such were the Algerines, when in
solemn conclave, after listening to a speech not
unlike that of the Senator from South Carolina,
they resolved to continue the slavery of white
Christians, and to extend it to thfpcountrymen of
Washington! Ay, sir, extend it! And in this
same dreary catalogue faithful history must record
All who now, in an enlightened age and in a land
of boasted Freedom, stand up, in perversion of
the Constitution and in denial of immortal truth,
to fasten a new shackle upon their fellow-man.
If the Senator wishes to see fanatics, let him look
round among his own associates; let him look at
himself.
But I have not done with the Senator. There
is another matter regarded by him of such con-
, sequence, that he interpolated it into the speech
of the Senator from NewHarapshire, [Mr. Hale,]
and also announced that he had prepared him-
self with, it, to take in his pocket all the way to
Boston, when he expected to address the people
of that community. On this account, and for
the sake of truth, I stop for one moment, and
tread it to the earth. The North, according to
the Senator, was engaged in the slave trade, and
helped to introduce Saves into the Southern
States; and this undeniable fact he proposed to
establish by statistics, in stating which his errors
surpassed his sentences in number. But I let
these pass for the present, that I may deal with
his argument. Pray, sir, is the acknowledged
turpitude of a departed generation to become an
example for us ? And yet the suggestion of the
Senator, if entitled to any consideration in this
discussion, must have this extent. I join my
friend from New Hampshire in thanking the
Senator from South Carolina for adducing this
instance; for it gives me an opportunity to say,
that the Northern merchants, with homes in Bos-
ton, Bristol, Newport, New York, and Philadel-
phia, who catered for Slavery during the years
of the slave trade, are the lineal progenitors of
the Northern men, with homes in these places,
who lend themselves to Slavery in our day; and
especially that all, whether North or South, who
take part, directly or indirectly, in the conspiracy
against Kansas, do but continue the work of the
slave-traders, which you condemn. It is true,
too true, alas! that our fathers were engaged in
this traffic; but that is no apology for it. And
in repelling the authority of this example, I repel
also the trite argument founded on the earlier
example of England. It is true that our mother
country, at the peace of Utrecht, extorted from
Spain the Assiento Contract, securing the mon-
opoly of the slave trade with the Spanish Col-
onies, as the whole price of all the blood of great
victories; that she higgled at Aix-la-Chapelle for
another lease of this exclusive traffic; ana again,
at the treaty of Madrid, clung to the wretched
piracy. It is true, that in this spirit the power
of the mother country was prostituted to the
same base ends in her American Colonies, against
indignant protests from our fathers. All these
things now rise up in judgment against her. Let
us not follow the Senator from South Carolina to
do the very evil to-day, which in another gener-
ation we condemn.
As the Senator from South Carolina is the Don
Quixote,the Senatorfrom Illinois [Mr. Douglas]
is the squire of Slavery, its very Sancho Panza,
ready to do all its humiliating offices. This
Senator, in his labored address, vindicating his
labored report—piling one mass of elaborate error
upon another mass—constrained himself, as you
will remember, to unfamiliar decencies of speech.
Of that address I have nothing to say at this mo-
ment, though before I sit down I shall show
something of its fallacies. But I go back now to
an earlier occasion, when, true to his native im-
pulses, he threw into this discussion, " for a
charm of powerful trouble," personalities most
discreditable to this body. I will not stop to
repel the imputations which he cast upon myself;
but I mention them to remind you of the " swel-
tered venom sleeping got," which, with other
poisoned ingredients, he cast into the caldron of
this debate. Of other things I speak. Standing
on this floor, the Senator issued his rescript,
requiring submission to the Usurped Power of
Kansas; and this was accompanied by a manner—
all his own—such as befits the tyrannical threat.
Very well. Let the Senator try. I tell him now
that he cannot enforce any such submission. The
Senator, with the Slave Power at his back, is j
strong; but he is not strong enough for this pur- ;
pose. He is bold. He shrinks from nothing.
Like Danton, he may cry, " Vaudace ! I'audace !
toujours I'audace /" but even his audacity cannot
compass this work. The Senator copies the Brit-
ish officer, who, with boastful swagger, said that
with the hilt of his sword he would cram the
"stamps" down the throats of the American
people, and he will meet a similar failure. He
may convulse this country with civil feud. Like
the ancient madman, he may set fire to this Tem-
ple of Constitutional Liberty, grander than Ephe-
sian dome; but he cannot enforce obedience to
that tyrannical Usurpation.
The Senator dreams that he can subdue the
North. He disclaims the open threat, but his
conduct still implies it. How little that Senator
knows himself or the strength of the cause which
he persecutes ! He is but a mortal man; against
him is an immortal principle. With finite power
he wrestles with the infinite, and he must fall.
Against him are stonger battalions than any mar-
shaled by mortal arm—the inborr^, ineradicable, I
invincible sentiments of the human heart; against1
him is nature in all her subtile forces} against him
is God. Let him try to subdue these.
But I pass from these things, which, though
belonging to the very heart of the discussion, are
yet preliminary in character, and press at once
to the main question.
I. It belongs to me now, in the first place, to ex-
pose the Crime acainst Kansas, in its origin and
extent. Logically, this is the beginning of the
argument. 1 say Crime, and deliberately adopt
this strongest term, as better than any other de-
noting the consummate transgression. I would
go further, if language could further go. It is the
Crime of Crimes—surpassing far the old crimen
majestatis, pursued with vengeance by the laws of
Rfme, and containing all other crimes, as the
freater contains the less. I do not go too far, when
call it the Crime against Nature, from which
the soul recoils, and which language refuses to
describe. To lay bare this enormity, I now pro-
ceed. The whole subject has already become a
twice-told tale, and its renewed recital will be a
renewal of its sorrow and shame; but I shall not
hesitate to enter upon it. The occasion requires
it from the beginning.
! It has been well remarked by a distinguished
historian of our country, that, at the lthuriel
j touch of the Missouri discussion, the slave inter-
| est, hitherto hardly recognized as a distinct ele-
I ment in our system, started up portentous and
; dilated, with threats and assumptions, which are
the origin of our existing national politics. This
was in 1820. The discussion ended with the ad-
mission of Missouri as a slaveliolding State, and
the prohibition of Slavery in all the remaining
territory west of the Mississippi, and north of
36° 30', leaving the condition of other territory
south of this line, or subsequently acquired, un-
touched by the arrangement. Here was a solemn
act of legislation, called at the time a compromise,
a covenant, a compact, first brought forward in
this body by a slaveholder—vindicated by slave-
i holders in debate—finally sanctioned by slave-
J holding votes—also upheld at the time by the
essential approbation ofa slaveholding President,
James Monroe, and his Cabinet, of whom a ma-
jority .were slaveholders, including Mr. Calhoun
himself; and this compromise was made the con-
dition of the admission of Missouri, without
which that State could not have been received
into the Union. The bargain was simple, and
was applicable, of course, only to the territory
named. Leaving all other territory to await the
judgment of another generation, the South said
to the North, Conquer your prejudices so far as
to admit Missouri as a slave State, and, in con-
sideration of this much-coveted boon, Slavery
shall be prohibited forever in all the remaining
Louisiana Territory above 36° 30'; and the North
yielded.
In total disregard of history, the President, in
his annual message, has told us that this com-
promise " was reluctantly acquiesced in by the
Southern States." Just the contrary is true. It
was the work of slaveholders, and was crowded
by their concurring votes upon a reluctant North.
At the time it was hailed by slaveholders as &
victory. Charles Pinckney, of South Carolina,
in an oft-quoted letter, written at three o'clock on
the night of its passage, says, " It is considered
here by the slaveholding States as a great tri-
umph." At the North it was accepted as a
defeat, and the friends of Freedom everywhere
throughout the country bowed their head.s with
mortification. But little did they know the com-
pleteness of their disaster. Little did they dream
that the prohibition of Slavery in the Territory,
which was stipulated as the price of their fatal
capitulation, would also at the very moment of
its maturity be wrested from them.
Time passed, and it became necessary to pro-
, vide for this Territory an organized Government.
' Suddenly, without notice in the public press, or
the prayer of a single petition, or one word of
open recommendation from the President—after
an acquiescence of thirty-three years, and the
j irreclaimable possession by the South ofits special
: share under this compromise—in violation of
| every obligation of honor, compact, and good
j neighborhood—and in contemptuous disregard of
| the out-gushing sentiments of an aroused North,
j this time-honored prohibition, in itself a Land-
: mark of Freedom, was overturned, and the vast
region now known as Kansas and Nebraska was
[ opened to Slavery. It was natural that a meas-
i ure thus repugnant in character should be pressed
' by arguments mutually repugnant. It was urged
on twoj>rincipal reasons, so opposite and incon-
sistent as to slap each other in the face—one being
that, by the repeal of the prohibition, the Ter-
ritory would be left open to the entry of slave-
j holders with their slaves, without hindrance; and
: the other being, that the people would be left
I absolutely free to determine the question for
I themselves, and to prohibit the entry of slave-
holders with their slaves, if they should think
' best. With some, the apology was the alleged
