1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$41
ment, which was pronounced by Mr. Buchanan
(though without authority from his Government)
to be satisfactory, he was instructed by the Sec-
retary of State to charge upon the British Gov-
ernment that they had committed and offered an
affront to the United States. An affront cannot
exist unless it be an intentional affront. The
charge was, "You have inflicted a wound on our
national honor to which we cannot submit." I
intended to show the Senate that Lord Clarendon
had disavowed any such intentional affront, and
that the British Government had, therefore, plaus-
ible reason for saying that it was true they had
made the apology which one sensitive nation
ought to be required to make to another. I ex-
pressed the opinion with the diffidence, but at the
same time with the confidcnce, which belonged
to my place, that it was not to be regarded" as a
foregone conclusion, that the Senate of the United
States adopted the construction of the correspon-
dence given to it by those who insisted that nothing
in the shape of an apology had been offered.
Mr. MASON. When this correspondence shall
be read, as it will bo by the American people,
they will find, I think, that a grave offense has
been committed toward this Government by the
Government of England—an offense of a very
serious character. If itis found, as I am disposed
to think it will be found, that in any manner and
to any extent the Government of England has
lent itself to a violation of its duties toward this
country under the international relations which
subsist between nations, and to a violation of our
domestic laws, made for the purpose of protect-
ing our own peace and our national honor, it will
be admitted that a very grave offense has been
committed by that nation against this. Now, I
understand the honorable Senator from New York
to say that some apology has been made. I do
not understand him to say that full reparation has
been made, [Mr. Seward. No, sir;] but that
some apology has been made by the Government
of England to this Government for that offense.
Mr. President, I understand an apology to be
between nations what it is between gentlemen.
If a gentleman in society finds that he has done
wrong to another, and designs to repair it by an
apology, he first admits the wrong frankly and in-
genuously, without any reservation, places him-
self where he would have stood if the wrong had
not been committed, and then tenders amends;
and, more than all, by his deportment as well as
by his promise, evinces a firm and honorable pur-
pose not to offend in like manner again. Now I
submit to the honorable Senator fromNew York,
that in this ease the apology of which he spoke—
or what the offending party seems to consider
such—has rather the appearance, under the sem-
blance of a disclaimer of offense, to be but trifling
with our just susceptibilities, and thus adding
insult to the original injury.
Sir, I say the American people will find that a
grave offense has been committed by the Govern-
ment of England toward this country; and if
ever the occasion has presented itself,m our inter-
national relations with other countries, to demand
that we should have "indemnity for the past and-
security for the future," that case is presented
here. I wish the Senate to understand me. I
mean to make no war speech. I have great reli-
ance on the good sense of the English people, and
I have equal reliance on the good sense of our
own people ; and where really there should be no
cause for hostilities between nations, I should
rely on the good sense of the parties, as I should
on like occasions between honorable men in soci-
ety, to do on their respective parts what both
prudence and honor may require to avoid a rup-
ture.
My reliance on the good sense of the English
nation and the English Government is such, that
I think they will yet see and acknowledge the
position in which they stand to this country, and
will make just amends in some honorable form
Mr. President, it has been suggested, from
sources for which I entertain very great respect,
from several sides of the Senate, that it would
be better to print a larger number of these docu-
ments than that which I at first proposed. I
therefore now move that ten thousand copies of
the message and documents communicated to us
yesterday, in regard to the enlistment question,
and ten thousand of those communicated to-day,
be printed together; and that one thousand copies
of the consolidated document be for the use of
the State Department, and the residue for the use
of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
POST ROAD IN MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post road from Ocean Springs, in Jackson
county, Mississippi, to Dwyer's Ferry, in the same county^ I '
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. IVERSON. I offer the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That a committee of Senatorsbe appointed
by the Chan, with power to send for persons and papers,
and thatsaid committee be, and are hereby, authouzed and
instructed to summon bctore it the members or* the late
k' naval reining board," or such of them as may be conve-
i niently brought beiore the committee, and examine them
upon oath as to the facta and evidence, jiioumb and rea-
sons upon which the action of said board wa-t founded 111
each case of the officers lecommended to be put upon the
reined list,ordtopped fiom the service; and that said com-
mittee be luithci instructed to inquire and obtain any other
facts winch, in their opinion, may bear upon the cases
aioresaid, and repoit the same t<J the Senate.
Jlnd. be it further-resolved, That said committee be
authorized and m->tiucted to advise and consult with the
President of the United States m relation to the cases of
said letired and dropped officers, with the view of correct-
ing any en or or injustice which may have been committed
by'the action of said retiring board, by the leappointinent
or restoration by the President of such officers as may
have been unjustly or improperly retired or dropped.
I do not ask, Mr. President, for the consider-
ation of these resolutions at the present time.
My object is, at a convenient and proper time, to
move them by way of substitute for the resolu-
tions offered yesterday by my colleague, [Mr.
Toombs.] When they shall be taken up, as I
suppose they will be in the course of the next
week, I give notice that I shall offer this propo-
sition as a substitute, believing that it will reach
the difficulty and correct the evil more sccurely
and promptly than any other mode which has yet
been suggested. My colleague has informed me
that he will be under the necessity of being absent
from the city for a shoit time; and if before his
departure he shall not call up his resolutions for
action, I give notice that I shall ask for the con-
sideration of mine, and, if they do not meet the
acceptance of the Senate, f shall very cheerfully
vote for his resolutions, and shall call them up
for action. I give notice that, when these resolu-
tions shall come up hereafter, i will submit some
remarks in justification of my proposition, as
well as upon the general subject of the action of
the naval board.
Mr. RUSK. These resolutions are very im-
portant, and I think we should have them before
us in proper shape. I therefore move that they
be printed, together with those submitted yester-
day by the honorable Senator's colleague.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. STUART. I moved yesterday that when
the Senate adjourned then it should be to meet
on Monday next. I stated,as a reason for making
the motion, that the standing committees of the
Senate had a large amount of business before them
which could not be done if the Senate sat every
working day in the week. That vote was after-
wards reconsidered, and I think very properly,
for the purpose of sitting to-d^y m order to receive
and dispose of a message from the President.
We have done that; and now, as there is no other
pressing business, as I understand, I move that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. WELLER,the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 3,1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report from the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of February 11, information in relation to
additional fortifications necessary for the proper
defense of the city and harbor or New York, and
of the navy-yard and public property at Brooklyn;
which, on motion by Mr. Seward, was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printe'd.
Also, the thiid annual report of the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing; which, on motion by Mr.
Johnson, was ordered to he on tiie table.
Also, a letter from the Treasurer of the United
States, accompanied by copies of his accounts of
receipts and disbursements for the service of the
Post Office Department for the year ending the
30th of June, 1855; which, on motion by Mr.
Seward, was referred to the Committee on the
Post Ofiice and Post Roads.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of the
citizens of Brooklyn, New York, praying that
the public lands may be granted, free of cost, to
actual settlers not possessed of other lands; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of Betsey Hawley, praying
that she may be authorized, through the State
Department, to take the necessary steps to collect
the effects of her husband, Isaac r. Hawley, who
died in Colombia, South America; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, the petition of citizens of New York,
praying for an amendment of the bounty land act
of March 3, 1855; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of John McDonald and others,
members of a band of musicians attached to a
regiment of New York militia in the war of 1812,
praying to be allowed pay and bounty land; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Catharine Warner, widow
of a revolutionary soldier, praying for an increase
of pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Also, the petition of the trustees of the State
University of Iowa, praying for an additional
grant of land for the use of that institution; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, two petitions of citizens of the State of
New York, praying for an amendment of the
bounty land act of March 3, 18.">5; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of William Peck and James
B. Smith, praying for the enrollment and registry
of the coasting schooner " Zadock Pratt of Buf-
falo," the keeiiOf which was laid in Canada, and
the vessel finished in the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the memorial of Samuel S. Wood for
himself, and in behalf of Alexander M. C.Wood,
praying indemnity for the destruction of their
property m the bombardment of Grey town, by
the United States sloop of war .Cyane, under Cap-
tain Hollins; which was referred to the Court of
Claims.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Samuel
A. Storrow, M. D., praying for the establish-
ment of a medical hospital in the District of Co-
lumbia; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of the
New York Iron Pavement Company, praying for
an appropiation for paving Pennsylvania avenue,
in the city of Washington, with iron*, which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Charles
A. Price, praying to be allowed the right of pre-
emption to a tract of land lying within a military
reservation in Florida, upon which he has settled;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Massachusetts, praying that the patent of
William Woodworth for improvements in planing
machinesmay notbe renewed; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Of-
fice.
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of Susannah
Coddington, widow of Peter Coddmgton, a pri vate
in the marine corps, praying to beahowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of the
heirs of Captain James Campbell, pr&ying for
