mm-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 15,
whtfle-property in the city of Washington. The
public buildings amount to mpre than one half
the value of property here, Theyare ail exempted
from taxation. Vou' cannot expect, under these
circumstances, that the city shall construct a work
of-this kind- It-is not in contemplation to dis-
tribute this water to the inhabitants ofWashing-
ton. That is to be done by'the people through
their own taxation. All that is contemplated is
to bring it into the capital, and supply the public
buildings, which it is necessary should be sup-
plied with water. All other distribution of water
19 to be done at the expense of the citizens of
Washington. ' I think it not unreasonable, in
view of the fact that the people of Washington
are deprived of the power of taxation over more
than one half the property within the city, that
we should take the initiative in this measure.
Water is necessary not only for the gentlemen
around me, and future members of Congress, but
for all the employes of the Government within
the city, and for the protection of the public prop-
erty. I think the work is absolutely requisite in
some shape. It is incumbent on the Government
to make it. Congress have determined on a par-
ticular plan; they have made appropriations for
it; the estimates have not been exceeded; and
why should Congress, with a mutability which
I think reflects no credit on them, undo all they
have done, and throw it to the winds ? I tlunk
the appropriation should be made by the Senate;
and if the House reject it, of course I do not say
it is a matter to be Insisted upon to the hazard of
the bill.
Mr. PRATT. There is a question of good
faith involved in this proposition which I wish
simply to present, for the consideration of the
Senate. The President of the United States was
invited to ask the acquiescence of Maryland in
the appropriation of a portion of her territory to
the construction of this work. The Legislature of
Maryland passed a law, by which she authorized
the condemnation of the land of citizens ofMary-
land, for the purpose of constructing this work.
Now, so far as you have gone, there are immense
pits duff for putting down the pipes,which are left
open, the intention being to fill them up after the
pipes were laid. Here is a man's estate through
which you have dug an immense ditch, over which
he cannot go.
There is a question of good faith towards one
of the States of the Union, involved in this ap-
propriation* I think no member of the Senate
will say that, after you have asked the State of
Maryland to acquiesce in having her territory
appropriated for this purpose, you should leave
her citizens without a remedy in the position in
which you would leave them, hy refusing such
an appropriation as this. I think every consid-
eration should induce us all to vote for this
amendment, and 1 ask for the yeas and nays on
it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLAYTON. The objection made by my
friend from Virginia to this appropriation is, that
the House will not agree to it. That may be, but
I do not see that it furnishes a reason why, if the
Senate is in favor of the appropriation, it should
not pass it. On the contrary,! think it is due to
ourselves, if we really believe this great work
should progress, to express our opinion as firmly
and decidedly as the House. I would not lose
the appropriation bill for it; but I would express
the opinion of the Senate, if the Senate really
entertain the opinion that the work should pro-
gress, let the House understand it so. If not,
hereafter it may be contended by them that we
have abandoned it, and given it up. I would
make the claim of right; and if we lose it after
having done our duty, we can renew the appli-
cation hereafter, with perhaps better success.
Mr. HUNTER. My opinion is, that the
oftenerwe get the project beaten, the worse chance
it has. I think it will be certainly beaten if we
put it here. We may have some chance by de-
ferring it.
The yeas and nays were taken.
At first Mr. Hunter declined to vote; but be-
fore the result was announced,he said: I suppose
I ought to vote. I am for the work and I will
vote "ay."
llie result was announced—yeas 39, nays 6,
as follows:
Yi3.\S—Meh&rb. Alien, Bayard, Bell of New Hampshire,
Bell of Tennessee, BefSjanHn, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead,
Brown, Butler, Ca««, Clay, Clayton, Coliamer, Crittenden,
Douglas, Durkee, Pwli, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Sale, Harlan,
Houston, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee,
Malloiy, Mason, Peurce, Pratt, Sebastian, Seward, SUdell,
Toombs, Trumbull, Welter, Wright, and Yulee—39.
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Biggs, Pugh, Reid, Wade, and
Wilson—6.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I have one more amendment
from the Committee on Public Buildings. It is:
For continuing the construction of the new dome
$100,000.
This is founded upon an estimate sent in from
the Department. The old dome is down, and
one must be constructed in some way. The dome
which has been designed by the architect, I un-
derstand, is n£>t exactly to the taste of the Secre-
tary of War; but it meets the united approbation
of the architect and constructor. It nas been
the study of years. They have made some slight
alterations in the proportions, not departing from
the original design. As far as an uninstructed
taste can go, looking at it on paper and in the
model, I think it will strike every one as admi-
rably appropriate to the Capitol when finished,
and as beautifully proportioned. We must have
some dome. The architect designed this one;
and Congress chose at a former session to adopt
it. There has been no material alteration in it.
It will take many years to complete it. It is to
be made of cast iron. This appropriation will go
to the extent of making some of the castings. I
can see no reason why we should not make an
appropriation at this session. It is not an ex-
travagant amount. I have heard complaints made
that this dome was to cost a million of dollars.
Bo it so. We cannot construct a highly orna-
mental dome except at a large cost of money.
Congress themselves originated this measure. It
did not spring from the ^Department. It sprang
from a member of Congress, and was ratified by
both Houses at the last session. The old dome
is down. You cannot let the building stand as
it is; you must have some other dome. Do you
expect to have a better one than the architect has
designed, after a study of years, the constructor
fully agreeing with him? I admit that the Secre-
tary of War differs from'them, and thinks a some-
what different kind of dome might be erected; but
I do not believe the Secretary of War's judgment
in a matter of that kind, though he is a gentleman
of great taste, ought to be taken against the united
opinion of the constructor and architect. As far as
my own judgment can go, it accords with theirs.
1 judge, of course, from the model and design. I
can see no objection whatever to making this ap-
propriation. As I said before, unless gentlemen
determine that they will employ some other artist
to do the work in some other mode, orthat Con-
gress will undertake (an assembly of heteroge-
neous tastes, as it fftways must be) to iix some
other structure in lieu of the design made by the
person to whom you intrust matters of that kind,
I see no reason why the present appropriation j
should not be made.
Mr. HUNTER. I am not willing to commit
this Government to the erection of a dome which
is to cost a million and a quarter of dollars, until
we have had some examination of the subject. I
think it ought to be postponed until the next ses-
sion. I understand that was the action of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House.
They determined to refuse the appropriation until
there could be a further examination. The cost
was what struck and astonished them. I con-
fess it does seem to me to be too large. I do not
say that 1 should not vote for that amount if it
be found to be necessary; but I am not convinced j
that so large a sum is necessary. I think we had i
better postpone it until the next session, which !
is only three or four months off. j
Mr. BAYARD. That of course must depend ;
on the sense of the Senate; I can only give my j
own views. I see no reason for postponing it. |
It has been suggested, that the new dome cannot j
be sustained by the walls. That is an idle report. 1
The engineer in charge shows that, in proportion
to the weight of the dome and the power of the
walls to sustain that weight, the new dome of
the Capitol will be better sustained than similar
structures in Europe. The pressure of most of j
the domes in the large buildings in Europe, with
which he is familiar, is much greater than this.
The \tfreight of this dome will be about fifteen
million pounds, and the pressure ten thousand
pounds to' the square foot. He gives many in-
stances in which the pressure to the square foot
in the walls is even thirty thousand pounds,with
stone more easily crushed than the sand stone of
which the Capitol is built. That point is settled
by the report of the constiuctor. The only ques-
tion is, what will the dome cost? No estimate
was sent in when Congress chose to adopt it.
You are b<3und to construct it. The dome is to
be constructed of cast iron, and in that mode it
will be made more cheaply and beautifully than
the domes of similar buildings abroad. The
material is lighter and cheaper.
I can see no reason for delay. Why? To have
an-estimate of the whole extent of the cost. Will
you let the Capitol stand in this way, without a
dome, or will you put en a dome as disfiguring
as the old one was? If you do not mean to do
either, do you mean to consult a paltry economy,
and say, after the artist employed, who is a
man unquestionably of a high order of genius,
has designed this dome, that he shall be restricted
in carrying out the plan ? I think any man who
will take the trouble to look at the model and
drawings, so far as you can judge before erection
from an exhibition of that kind ,will say the dome
is admirably proportioned to the Capitol, and
will make this one of the most superbly ordered
buildings in the world. I am not disposed to
count the mere question of cost, whether the
expense shall be a few thousands or hundred of
thousands of dollars more or less,.when we are
erecting public edifices of this kind, belonging to
the whole people of the United States.
Sir, the architecture of a nation is the evidence
of its civilization. We are not to suppose that
splendor of architecture is incompatible with re-
publican institutions. That would be to suppose
that a Republic was unfit for a high state of civ-
ilization. I do not hold to that doctrine. I
believe we may be thoroughly republican and
sel/-governed, and yet, that our public architect-
ure may be of a very high order, particularly the
Capitol of the Union, where the majesty of the
people is represented.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Four o'clock
having arrived, the Senate will, in pursuance of
the order made this morning, take a recess until
six o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock.
CLERK TO THE COMMITTEE ON CLAIMS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As there is but a thin
Senate, 1 ask leave to offer a resolution, which has
the sanction of the Committee on Contingent
Expenses:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate continue to
pay to the clerk of th« Committee on Claims the same
rate of compensation annually, hereafter, that he has here
tofore received.
Mr. TOOMBS and Mr. HALE objected.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will explain. There
are but two committee clerks continued during
the year—the clerks to the Committee on Finance,
and to the Committee on Claims. We have now
referred to the Committee on Claims all cases
coming from the Court of Claims.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am content.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 have submitted it to the
chairman of the Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses, [Mr. Evan's,] and he says it is right.
Mr. HALE. If there is anything peculiar in
this case, I do not object; but if it is to be a gen-
eral system, I must insist on the objection.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Judge Evans entertained
some doubt under the resolution by which he has
been paid for the last seven years; and so it is
necessary to pass this resolution.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the objection in this
case.
The resolution was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 301) authorizing the es-
tablishment of a Navy depot on Blythe Island,
at Brunswick, on the coast of Georgia, and for
other purposes, was, on motion by Mr. Toombs,
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
DES MOINES RAPIDS VETO.
Mr. BROWN". Mr. President, yesterday a
