1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1269
I know that in its execution it has set at defiance
all that the law has heretofore considered sacred.
If it be true, as the honorable chairman contends,
that the statute did justify the construction, I say-
it was a most unfortunate act, and it ought not to
remain on the statute-book.
Then, sir, what is to be done ? I shall vote for
the amendment offered by the honorable Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] which, I believe, is
the first question to be taken, as against the bill
of the committee, which proposes to do nothing;
but I shall be very far from being satisfied with
what is proposed by the honorable Senator from
Georgia. I would do this—and I submit to the
judgment of the Senate whether it is not the true
remedy—go directly and do what this law at-
tempted to do indirectly, and meet the responsi-
bility. If the naval service requires that there
shall be a retired list, march up to it and make a
retired list. If it be true, as it doubtless is, that
there is a number of gentlemen in the Navy
of respectability, character, standing, valuable
members of society who are to transmit honored
names after them, but yet who are incompetent
to discharge all their duties, put them upon that
reserved list, but put them there as a matter of
compulsion and pay them. You pay them now
in this indirect mode of getting at the thing; but
pay them directly, honestly, and fairly; make a
compulsory retired list, and then adopt the ma-
chinery which was recommended by one of the
most enlightened men, according to my impres-
sion, who ever administered the affairs of the
Navy Department—the late Mr. Upshur. His
recommendation in 1842 is cited in the report of
the Committee on Naval Affairs. It is this:
" Perhaps no more just rule can be adopted than to com-
pel the officer to retire upon a certain proportion of Ins
annual pay. A system of compulsory fuilough, properly
regulated and guarded against abuse, would have the most
salutary effect."
*******
" I propose, .therefore, that, whenever the Secretary of
the Navy shall be of opinion that an officer is unfit for the
service, lie shall be required to present his naine to the Sen-
ate for furlough, stating fully, if lequired so to do, the rea-
sons for that opinion. If the Senate, after such inquiry as
it may choose to institute, shall concur with lnm, the officer
shall be put on furlough upon a certain propoition (bay one
half) of his pay, and be considered out of the service. In
this way, the same power that appoints will remove ; and
the act," receiving the sanction of the Senate, will be placed
above the suspicion of injustice or oppression."
What does he here propose ? All the Secreta-
ries of the Navy, I admit, through a series of
Administrations, have agreed as to the necessity
of some reorganization, and their refuge has been
a retired list. Mr. Upshur recommends that that
retired list shall be one ordained by law—a per-
manent list—not for temporary purposes like the
one devised here; for this is transient, and you
will have to do it over again in ten years, if the
condition of the Navy be such as the honorable
chairman of the committee says it is. Pass a law
creatinga retired list, and make such organization
as will enable the Secretary of the Navy to retire
upon that list, from time to time, whoever may
be prooer for such retirement. This is the fair
way, the plain, straightforward way to meet the
evil. The Secretary recommends it.briefly but
fully. Authorize the Secretary of the Navy'to
send to the Senate the name of any officer who
he thinks is a proper subject for retirement, for
any cause, and to send with it the reasons why
he thinks the officer should be retired; let the of-
ficer know it that he may be heard; and then the
Senate can devise the proper mode of hearing
him. I would stake what little reputation I may
have for ordinary sense and knowledge of my
fellow-man upon the issue, that if the Secretary
were to recommend an officer to be retired here
because he had been told, no matter by whom,
that he was an immoral man, the Senate would
never retire him unless they allowed him to have
a hearing, and a full hearing, under every sanc-
tion of judicial authority.
This is the remedy which I would suggest;
and it can be attained. If you agree to repeal
the law of 1855,1 shall propose, at a proper time,
to recommit the bill which is now before us, to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, with instructions
to frame a law which will create a retired list as
a permanent one for the Navy, which will pre-
scribe the retired pay that shall be allowed to
each grade, and which will prescribe the mode in
which that retired list shall be filled, securing to
the officers a hearing, in all cases, at least, where
their characters are affected.
I have observed, JJr. President, in looking
through the reports of the Secretaries of the Navy
on this subject, that the permanent furlough, of
which I have spoken, had the recommendation
of Mr. J. Y. Mason, and of Mr. Graham, when
they wore Secretaries of the Navy. Mr. Preston,
and others, I think, did not indicate v.ery clearly
what sort of tribunal they would have to pass
upon officers on the question of retirement, but
they all agreed that to convene a board was a
matter of great delicacy, and would cause much
embarrassment, and subject the board itself,
unworthily, perhaps, to suspicion, and therefore
it was to be carefully guarded in the enactment
of the law.
I submit now, Mr. President, that this law has
been misconceived and misinterpreted; that the
Secretary has himself misinterpreted it in the in-
struction which he gave, and has further misin-
terpreted it, in not prescribing regulations; that
a part of this misinterpretation has been in con-
ceiving that the board could go into an inquiry
affecting character without placing around the
persons charged the safeguards of law by oath,
and the usual forms of charge and evidence. I
submit further, that if it be due to the Navy and
to the public service that some mode should be
provided of getting rid of those who are ineffi-
cient, which I fully believe, the plain mode of
doing it is that recommended by Mr. Upshur—
to have a furlough list, and to put officers on that
list through nomination to the Senate, and the
Senate will take care that a proper inquiry be
made.
I submit, also, that the action of the board in
dropping and retiring nearly one third of the
grades submitted to them, justifies the belief—and
the reasons assigned for it in the report of the
Naval Committee confirm it—that the law has been
further misinterpreted in this: that when it was
really designed only to cut away the decayed
wood in the service, the opportunity has been
made available to thin their ranks, with a view
to get at promotion, to allow the younger men to
get into the places of the older ones prematurely
—a misinterpretation of the law, and a very un-
fortunate one, if I am right in my view.
The course of proceeding which has been
taken is vindicated by the Senator from Dela-
ware, and the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs. They say, " You cannot com-
plain—it has been done over and over again."'
They tell us that in 1801 officers were dismissed
from the Navy, and that after the war of 1812, a
large number of Army officers was dismissed by
law, and there was no complaint. Sir, the cases
are not parallel, and you can derive no authority
whatever for endeavoring to make ^iem parallel
with what has been done under this Jaw. If the
honorable chairman means to contend t]iat this
law has been executed in such a way as to reduce
the Navy, then, I say, it was a gross misinter-
pretation; but, if he says, or if any Secretary
comes before Congress and says, " W(j have too
many officers in the Navy, and the consequence
is that promotion is slow, that the young men
who ought to be in command are kept m pupil-
age, and the old men who ought to be out of the
service, are put in their places "—let him come
forward and make such it statement, and tell you
that you have sixty-eight captains, when you need
but thirty, two hundred and fifty lieutenants,
when you need but one hundred, and I will vote
for and advocate a bill to dismiss those who are
not wanted—not as a punishment, but to carry
out what is due to the public service. They have
no vested rights in their commission; I have no
such theory; but they have a vested right in their
characters, and as long as they are in commission
it is our duty to take care of their characters, or
at least not to assail them. If the fact be that we :
have too many officers for the ships, and that :
they incumber the service, bring in a bill author- j
izmg the President to dismiss thirty captains,
one hundred lieutenants, and one hundred and :
fifty midshipmen, or whatever the Secretary on
his responsibility may prescribe, and I will vote
for it and advocate it. Then the act will be done
directly. Then no man will have a right to com-
plain. No man's character will be assailed, be-
cause it is a necessary part of the public service,
if we have too many officers, that they should
be reduced. No man lias a right to complain"
that he is thus put out of the services but do Hot "
put him out directly; do not, under the'forms of'
law intended to get rid of inefficient officers, avail
yourselves of the opportunity to thin the rallies,-
to make way for promotion. I am sorry to have
detained the Senate so long.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to postpone the
further consideration of this subject, for the pur-
pose of taking up the President's veto message.
Mr. MALLORY. And make this the special'
order for to-morrow ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am willing to agree to
that suggestion.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to know why we
cannot dispose of this bill now? I am not aware
of any one else who desires to speak upon it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am willing to take the
vote now, but I imagine that we shall hardly be
able to get through with any legislation upon this
subject at this time. There are various proposi-
tions for amendments and substitutes, and we
cannot get through with all of them to-day.
Mr. WELLER. Then I have no objection to
a postponement.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that this subject be
made the special order for to-morrow, at -one
o'clock.
Mr. ADAMS. If there be no desire to debate
this bill further, I should like to have an under-
standing in the Senate as to what time the vote
shall be taken.
Mr. MALLORY. I think we may come to a.
general understanding that the vote shall be taken
at one o'clock to-morrow. I see no difficulty in
the way. I think there is no further disposition
to discuss it.
Mr. WELLER. I hope there will be an un-
derstanding by the Senate as to the precise time
when the vote shall be taken. There are many
Senators absent who desire to vote on these prop-
' ositions; and let it be understood that we shall
take the vote to-morrow between one and two
o'clock, and then they will have an opportunity
of corning in.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The proposition this morn-
ing on the privileged question of taking into
consideration the President's veto message, was
waived for the time being, to enable the Seriator
from Virginia to address the Senate. It is idle
for us to appoint a particular hour at which a
vote shall be taken on the naval bill, with the
expectation that the vote will at once be taken on
all the propositions without debate. It will re-
quire a day or two to pass that bill, if no other
speeches be made upon it, but we have simply
the usual running debate on the presentationof
amendments and substitutes. There are three or
four printed propositions before us. Many gen-
tlemen have amendments to offer to them; and
though I suppose the formal discussion upon the
general principles has been closed, there will be
a running debate on the various substitutes and
amendments. Itisoutofthe question, therefore,
for us to fix any particular hour at which we can
take the vote.
| It was understood among the Senators who
were present this morning, that we should pro-
ceed to the immediate consideration of the veto
message on the river and harbor bills, with a view
to dispose of it. I do not suppose now that we
! can take a vote on that subject to-day, but I de-
ll sire to get it up now, and to say a few words
1 upon it with a view of puttingit before the Senate
\ in train for a vote, and then I suppose a vote can
i. be taken to-morrow. If, after we have taken the
1 vote, there be time to go on and close the naval
■ bill, 1 certainly shall be the last gentleman here
| to interpose objection.
; Mr. WELLER. I think it was understood
that we were to dispose of the naval bill this
week. If we proceed to the consideration of the
i President's veto message, it is very certain that
i we shall not be able to dispose of that, and then
i on Monday next we shall have the naval bill up
again. A Senator has already obtained the floor
on the Kansas question for that day, and will
expect to be heard. I supposed that it was the
general understanding that when we again re-
! sumed the consideration of the Kansas question,
; it would remain under discussion until we rfis-
; pose of it. I am satisfied that this was the clear
indication of the Senate afewdaVsago. Now,
! if we do not get rid of the naval bill within this
