534
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 19,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Sumner.
Senate.
like those who acted under the inspiration of the
Douglas of other days; that they do not seize a
few persons, and sweep them away into captivity,
like the African slave-traders whom we brand as
pirates; but that they commit a succession of acts,
in which all border sorrows and all African
■wrongs are revived together on American soil,
and which for the time being annuls all protection
of all kinds, and enslaves the whole Territory, j
Private griefs mingle their poignancy with
public wrongs. I do not dwell on the anxieties i
which families have undergone, exposed to sud-j
den assault, and obliged to lie down to rest with j
the alarms of war ringing in their ears, not know- j
ing that another day might be spared to them, i
.Throughout this bitter winter, with the thermom-
eter at thirty degrees below zero, the citizens of i
Lawrence have been constrained to sleep under j
arms, with sentinels treading their constant watch I
against surprise. But cmr souls are wrung by
individual instances. In vain do we condemn the
cruelties of another age—the refinements of tor-
ture to whieh men have been doomed—the rack
and thumb-screw of the Inquisition, the last ago-
nies of the regicide Ravaillac—"Luke's iron
crown, and Damien's bed of steel"—for kindred
outrages have disgraced these borders. Murder
has stalked—assassination has skulked in the tall
grass of the prairie, and the vindictiveness of
man has assumed unwonted forms. A preacher
of the Gospel of the Saviour has been ridden on
a rail, and then thrown into the Missouri, fast-
ened to a log, and left to drift down its muddy,
tortuous current. And lately we have had the
tidings of that enormity without precedent—a
. deed without a name—where a candidate for the
Legislature was most brutally gashed with knives
and hatchets, and then, after weltering in blood
on the snow-clad earth, was trundled along with
gaping wounds, to fall dead in the face of his
wife. It is common to drop a tear of sympathy
-over the trembling solicitudes of our early fathers,
exposed to the stealthy assault of the savage foe;
and an eminent American artist has pictured this
scene in a marble group of rare beauty, on the
front of the National Capitol, where the uplifted
tomahawk is arrested by the strong arm and gen-
erous countenance of the pioneer; while his wife
and children find shelter at his feet; but now the
tear must be dropped over thetrembling solicitudes
. of fellow-citizens, seeking to build a new State
in Kansas, and exposed to the perpetual assault
of murderous robbers from Missouri. Hirelings,
picked from the drunken spew and vomit of an
. uneasy civilization—in the form of men—
" Ay, in the catalogue ye go for men;
As bounds and gray-hounds, mongrels, spaniels, curs,
Shoughs, water-rugs, and demi-wolves, are called
All by the name of dogs
. leashed together by secret signs and lodges, have
renewed the incredible atrocities of the Assassins
. and of the Thugs; showing the blind submission
t of the Assassins to the Old Man of the Mountain,
in robbing Christians on the road to Jerusalem,
and showing the heartlessness of the Thugs,
who, avowing that murder was their religion,
waylaid travelers on the great road from Agra
to Delhi; with the more deadly bowie-knife for
the dagger of the Assassin, and the more deadly
revolver for the noose of the Thug.
In these invasions, attended by the entire sub-
version of all security in this Territory, with the
. plunder of the ballot-box, and the pollution of
. the electoral franchise, I show simply the process
in unprecedented Crime. If that be the best Gov-
ernment, where an injury to a single citizen is
resented as an injury to the whole State, then
must our Government forfeit all claim to any such
- eminence, while it leaves its citizens thus exposed.
In the outrage upon the ballot-box, even without
the illicit fruits which I shall soon exhibit, there
is a peculiar crime of the deepest dye, though
- subordinate to the final Crime, which should be
promptly avenged. In countries where royalty
. is upheld, it is a special offense to rob the crown
jewels, which are the emblems of that sovereignty
before which the loyal subject bows, and it is
treason to be found in adultery with the Queen,
for in tliis way may a false heir be imposed upon
the State; but in our Republic the ballot-box is
, the single priceless jewel of that sovereignty
which we respect, and the electoral franchise, out
of which are born the rulers of a free people, is
the Queen whom we are to guard against pollu-
tion. In this plain presentment, whether as
regards Security, or as regards Elections, there
is enough, surely, without proceeding further,
: to justify the intervention of Congress, most
promptly and completely, to throw over this op-
pressed people the impenetrable shield of the
Constitution and laws. But the half is not yet
! told.
As every point in a wide-spread horizon radi-
ates from a common center, so everything said
or done in this vast circle of Crime radiates from
the One Idea, that Kansas, at all hazards, must
be made a slave State. In all the manifold wick-
ednesses that have occurred, and in every suc-
cessive invasion, this One Idea has been ever
present, as the Satanic tempter—the motive power
—the causing cause.
To accomplish thi£ result, three things were
attempted: first, by outrages of all kinds to drive
the friends of Freedom already there out of the
Territory; secondly, to deter others from coming;
and, thirdly, to obtain the complete control of the
Government. The process of driving out, and
also of deterring, has failed. On the contrary,
the friends of Freedom there became more fixed
in their resolves to stay and fight the battle,
which they had never sought, but from which
they disdained to retreat; while the friends of
Freedom elsewhere were more aroused to the
duty of timely succors, by men and munitions of
just self-defense.
But, while defeated in the first two processes
proposed, the conspirators succeeded in the last.
By the violence already portrayed at the election
of the 30th March, when the polls were occupied
by the armed hordes from Missouri, they imposed
a Legislature upon the Territory, and thus, un-
der the iron mask of law, established a Usurp-
ation not less complete than any in history. That
this was done, I proceed to prove. Here is the
evidence:
1. Only in this way can this extraordinary
expedition be adequately explained. In the words
of Moliere, once employed by John duincy
Adams in the other House, Que diable alliaent-Us
fa ire dans cette galere f What did they go into
the Territory folr ? If their purposes were peace-
ful, as has been suggested, why cannons, arms,
flags, numbers, and all this violence ? As simple
citizens, proceeding to the honest exercise of the
electoral franchise, they might have gone with
nothing more than a pilgrim's staff. Philosophy
always seeks a sufficient cause, and only in the
One Idea, already presented, can a cause be found
in any degree commensurate with this Crime;
and this becomes so only when we consider the
mad fanaticism of Slavery.
2. Public notoriety steps forward to confirm
the suggestion of reason. In every place where
Truth can freely travel, it has been asserted and
understood, that the Legislature was imposed
upon Kansas by foreigners from Missouri; and
this universal voice is now received as unde-
niable verity.
3. It is also attested by the harangues of the
conspirators. Here is what Stringiellow Baid
before the invasion:
" To those who have qualms of conscience as to violat-
ing laws, State or National, the time has come When such
impositions must be disregarded, as your rights and prop*
erty are in danger; and I advise you, one and all, to enter
every election district in Kansas, in defiance of Reeder and
Ms vile myrmidons, and vote at the point of the bowie-knife
and revolver. Neither give nor take quarter, as our case
demands it. It is enough that the «laveholding interest
wills it, from which there is no appeal. What right has
Governor Reeder to rule Missouriahs in Kansas ? His proc-
lamation and prescribed oath must be repudiated. It is
your interest to do so. Mind that Slavery is established
where it is not prohibited."
Here is what Atchison said after the invasion:
" Well what next ? Why an election for members of the
legislature to organize the Territory must be held. What
did I advise you to do then? Why, meet them on their
own ground, and beat them at their own game again; and
cool and inclement as the weather was, I went over with a
company of men. My object in going was not to vote. I
had no right to vote, unless I had disfranchised myself ii^
Missouri. I was not within two miles of a voting place.
My object in going was not to vote, but to settle a difficulty
between two of our candidates; and the Abolitionists of
the North said, and published it abroad, that Atchison was
there with bowie-knives and revolvers, and by God 'twas true.
I never did go into that Territory—I never intended to go
into that Territory—without being prepared for all such kind
of cattle. Well, we beat them, and Governor Reeder gave
certificates to a majority of all the members of both Houses,
and then, after they were organized, as everybody will
admit, they were the only competent persons to say who
were, and who were not, members of the same."
4. It is confirmed by the cotemporaneous ad-
mission of the Squatter Sovereign, a paper pub-
lished at Atchison, and at once the organ of the
President and of these Borderers, which, under
date of 1st April, thus recounts the victory:
" Independence, [Missouri,] March 31, 1855.
" Several hundred emigrants from Kansas have just en-
tered our city. They were preceded by the Westport and
Independence brass bands. They came in at the west side
of the public square, and proceeded entirely around it, the
bands cheering us with fine music, and the emigrants with
good news. Immediately following the bands were about
two hundred horsemen in regular order; following these
were one hundred and fitly wagons, carriages, tic. They
gave repealed cheers for Kansas and Missouri. They re-
ported that not an Anti-Slavery man will be in the Legisla-
ture of Kansas. We have made a clean sweep."
5. It is also confirmed by the cotemporaneous
testimony of another paper, always faithful to
Slavery, the New York Herald, in the letter of
a correspondent from Brunswick, in Missouri,
under date of 20th April, 1855:
" From five to seven thousand men started from Missouri
to attend the election, some to remove, but the most to re-
turn to their families, with an intention, if they liked the
Territory, to make it their permanent abode at the earliest
moment practicable. But they intended to vote. The
Missourians were, many of them, Douglas men. There
were one hundred and fifty voters from this county, one
hundred and seventy-five from Howard, one hundred from
Cooper. Indeed, every county furnished its quota; and
when they set out it looked like an army." * * *
" They were armed." * * * « And, as there
were no houses in the Territory, they carried tents. Their
mission was a peaceable one—to vote, and to drive down
stakes for their future homes. After the election, someone
i thousand five hundred of the voters sent a committee to
: Mr. Reeder, to ascertain if it was bis purpose to ratify the
j election. He answered that it was, and said the majority
I at an election must carry the day. But it is not to be denied
that the one thousand live hundred, apprehending that the
Governor might attempt to play the tyrant—since his con-
duct had already been insidious and unjust—wore on their
hats bunches of hemp. They were resolved, if a tyrant
attempted to trample upon the rights of the sovereign people,
to hang him."
6. It is again confirmed by the testimony of a
lady, who for five years has lived in Western
Missouri, and thus writes in a letter published in
the JVetc Haven Register:
" Miami, Salihe Co., November 96,1855.
" You ask me to tell yon something about the Kansas and
Missouri troubles. Of course you know in what they have
; originated. There is no denying that the Missourians have
; determined to control the elections, if possible; and I don't
know that their measures would be justifiable, except upon
the principle of self-preservation; and that, you know, is
the first law of nature."
! 7. And it is confirmed still further by the Cir-
cular of the Emigration Society of Lafayette, in
Missouri, dated as late as 25th March, 1856, in
which the efforts of Missourians are openly con-
fessed:
"The Western counties of Missouri have for the last two
years been heavily taxed, both in money and time, in fight-
ing the battles of the Smith. Lafayette county alone has
expended more than 6nt hXm&feA thousand dollan in money,
and as much or mare in time. Up to this time, the border
counties of Missouri have upheld and maintained the rights
and interests of the South in this struggle, unassisted, and not
unsuccessfully. But the Abolitionists, staking their all upon
the Kansas issue, and hesitating at no means, fair or fonl,
are moving heaven and earth to render that beautiful Ter-
ritory a Free State."
8. Here, also, is complete admission of the
Usurpation, by the Intelligencer, a leading paper
of St. Louis, Missouri, made in the enstung
summer:
" Atchison and Stringfellow, with their Missouri follow-
ers, overwhelmed the settlers in Kansas, browbeat and
bullied them, and took the Government from their hand'.
Missouri votes elected the present body of men who insult
public intelligence and popular rights by styling themselves
' the Legislature of Kansas. > This body of men are helping
themselves to fat speculations by locating the4 seat of Gov-
ernment' and getting town lots for their votes. They are
passing laws disfranchising all the citizens of Kansas who
do not believe Negro Slavery to be a Christian institution
and a national blessing. They are proposing to punish with
imprisonment the utterance Of views inconsistent with their
own. And they are trying to perpetuate their preposterous
and infernal tyranny by appointing/or a term of years crea-
tures of their own, as commissioners in every county, to
lay and collect taxes, and see that the laws they are passing
are faithfttlly executed. Has this age anything to compare
with these acts in audacity."'
9. In harmony with all these is the authorita-
tive declaration of Governor Reeder, in a speech
addressed to his neighbors, at Easton, Pennsyl-
