2144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 15.
Mr. BROWN. This identical provision, word
for word, was passed in a separate bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then why propose to attach
it to this appropriation bill ?
Mr. BROWN. Because it has not passed the
House.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think I went home for three
weeks in March, and except during that time, I
have not been absent for seven hours during this
session. If the bill passed at all it must have
been when I was away, or early in the morning,
before I came out of my committee room. I was
watching the bill. It was an old customer. I
knew it was sought to make the Alabama bill a
precedent, but that passed subsileniio. It is based
on a wrong principle,. The idea that the Govern-
ment of the united States shall pay five per ccnt.
on the proceeds of the lands which they have
given away to the States for their own purposes,
for bounty lands, for education, for deafand dumb,
and colleges, the same as though these lands were
sold by the United States, is wrong in principle;
and the new States who have received the boun-
ties of the Government ought to be ashamed to
ask it. It is not fair or just for them to go to the
common Treasury for it.
Mr. BROWN. I hope this amendment is not
to be prejudiced by the Senator's talking about
what is to be done. I am asking no such thing
as he is talking of.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am coming to the principle.
The Senator announced that, under the compact
admitting the new States, beginning as early as
1804, they were entitled to five per cent, of the
proceeds of the public lands. I am going on the
principle uf his own argument. Ho can put it in
no where else. He has put it exactly where I
argued it. The just and true construction of the
contract of 1804, which has been extended to all
the new States as they came into the Union, is,
as the Senator from Mississippi says, that Gov-
ernment shall not only pay the percentage on the
lands sold, but on all winch the Government has
given away, computed at the same rate as if they
were sold. We made treaties with the Indians
in Alabama and Mississippi at the earnest request
and fiercest menaces of those States. They
pressed the United States to remove the Indians.
The Government, hard pressed,and desiring to do
all the justice it could to the new States, would
not treat for an absolute cession of the Indian
lands, but made reservations for the benefit of the
Indians. Speculators and agents, and all the
people who wanted to make "money out of (he
Indians by a short cut, insisted on reserving lands
for the Indians. Now, they toil u.s that we must
pay Alabama and Mississippi five per cent, on the
very lands which we gave the Indians at the earn-
est request of those States. I say that it is not
just.
I only desire the Senate of the United Slates to
know exactly what they are doing. According
to this construction of the compact, we are liable
to pay for every acre of land that was reserved,
every acre ihat was given for military purposes
in the Revolution, every acie that was given for
military services m the war of 18U2 and in the
Mexican war. The adopt.on of the amendment
of the Senator from Mississippi, on the principle
upon which it proceeds, involves llua Govern-
ment to an amount not less than $k2U,(K)U,0U0.
I would not care if the amount v/eie ^300,000,000,
if the demand was a just one; but it is an unjust
demand, in the first place, the new States got
all the lands they could, and made the Govern-
ment pay live per cent, on the piocci ds of those
lands which it sold; then they come here and
say, you shall treat, as if they were sold, the lands
which you have chosen togiveawny to the heroes
of the Revolution and other wars. They asked
you to give away the common property which
was won by the common blood and the common
treasure: they ask you to charge the Treasury
with five per cent, on the thousands and hundreds
of thousands of bounty land warrants which you
have scattered over the countiy. I say it is
unjust, and it ought not to be sanctioned for a
moment.
Mr. STUART. It has not nn frequently hap-
pened \n the Senate, that propositions have come
up and been discussed for a few moments, and
positions taken and faets assumed without the
slightest foundation, which have been permitted
to pass off for fear of consuming: the time of the
Senate. I have done that myself, from the time
I have taken a seat on this floor until to-day; and
I resolved, a minute ago, that I would never do it
again. There is as much time for me to repre-
sent facts as for anybody else, and I am resolved
to do it.
Now, sir, I will undertake to show that the
argument on which the Senator from Georgia is
so confident, is not well founded in one single
instance. I will undertake to show that the new
States, the land States, have resisted the bounty
land scheme from the beginning. It has been
forced upon us by the old States. It has been
forced upon us on the argument that it was not a
gift. I can show that the President, a majority
of the Senate sustaining him, veto.ed a bill on the
ground that Congress had not power to give
away lands. Those who have forced on us the
bounty land system have sought to make a dis-
tinction. They have said that was paying out-
standing liabilities, and they have contended that
we had not power to give the land away. That
has been the foundation of the whole argument
by which the bounty land system has been
maintained.
Now, sir, let it be an open question, standing
on the Constitution of the United States, and the
construction of it by the Supreme Court; and I
"say the United States cannot hold an acre of land
in the limits of a State, after the admission of that
State into this Union. The old States came into
the Union holding the land within their borders.
Georgia has been paid a large amount of money
to remove Indians, and extinguish Indian titles.
I have not the figures to-day; but it was a very
large amount that the United States paid to
Georgia to extinguish Indian titles within that
State.
Mr. TOOMBS. Will you name the consider-
ation we have given for it?
Mr. STUART. I say they have paid it. They
admit a State into the Union, and say, under the
Constitution it is on an equal footing with the
original States; and then say, "We will make a
bargain with you; we have admitted you on an
equal footing with the original States; you owe
us a debt of gratitude for taking you into the
Union; now we want to make a bargain with you;
we want you to agree never to tax the land which
we claim within your borders; but as a compen-
sation for that, we will give you five percent, on
the net proceeds of the lands."
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not the agreement.
Mr. STUART. It is in the contract with the
State of Michigan.
M r. TOOM HS. Never.
Mr. STUART, I will not dispute about the
matter. I will turn lo the books and show it.
Mr. TOOiV! liS. The Senator says, "never to
lax the land." (say there is no such agreement.
There is a limitation.
I\Jr. STUART. There was never any limita-
tion. The language is, that as long as the lands
belong to the United States they shall not be
taxed.
Mr. TOOMBS. Ah, that h it.
Mr. STUART. I said they were not to tax
the lands of the United States. When the United
States sell them, they are no longer their lands.
This is the contract. The United States said,
"we will give you five per cent, of the net pro-
ceeds." Jjy and oy they say they have con-
eluded to give away the lands. We ask, where
is our side of the bargain—the five percent. We
are told, "oh ! that only means after the United
Statesgetthe money." Now,Mr. President,does
it mean that? I have shown, in the first place,
that the Senate has sustained tile President in
deciding that you have no power to give away
the public lands. He vetoed a bill, placing it on
thatground alone, (and the Senate sustained him.)
that Congress does not possess the power to give
away the public lauds. That same President has
approved all these bounty land bills, and the
Senate passed them. Then the bounty land which
lias 'iron given by the Congress of the United
States, has been for a consideration to the United I
States.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman allow mo
to ask him m what case the President decided
that we could not give the lands away?
Mr. STUART. I said the President vetoed a
bill granting land to the new States, for the ben-
efitpf the indigent insane, and put it on the ground
that Congress had not power to give away the
lands, and it was argued at length.
Mr. BUTLER. It ought to be added in fair-
ness, that one point of his proposition was, that
you had no right to give them away, and especi-
ally no right to indicate the purpose to which the
States should apply them.
Mr. STUART. I know what the argument
was; but one ground of the veto message was,
that Congress had not the power. The other was,
that, if they had the power, that was a very bad
object to devote the lands to. That, however, is
not this question. Here Congress has made trea-
ties with Indian tribes, andhasgiven those Indians
permanent possession of lands. Was it not for
a consideration ? Did not Congress make its own
bargain? Where is the difference, I should like
to know, between giving the Indians a permanent
reservation for an equivalent, and selling them
that land for $1 25 an acre ? Whether Congress
makes a reserve for the Indians of a million of
acres, and does it in consideration of certain con-
tracts it makes with the Indians, or sells it to the
Indians and receives $1 25 an acre, what is the
difference ? None at all. The United States have
a right to make their own disposition of their own
lands, in their own time, and in their own way.
Nobody denies that. But, sir, is it fair—in the
language of the Senator, is it honest, to—make a
bargain which, on the face of it, is to give the
new States five per cent, on all the lands within
their borders, when Congress shall dispose of
them, (because that is the meaning,) and then,
after holding out that as a consideration, to give
away all the lands within the States ?
This amendment covers a very small sum of
money in all the States of the Union. I have seen
the figures; I do not think it amounts to half a
million of dollars in al! the land States; my opin-
ion is it does not amount to $300,000. But it is
assumed that, having made this contract, the Uni-
ted States have a right to reserve permanently,
for Indians, just as much land as it chooses within
the borders of the State without paying the five
per cent, on those lands. The Senate says the
United States have been importuned to make
these reservations. Importuned by whom ? The
United States make their own treaties with the
Indian tribes, when and where and how they
choose, withithout anybody's importunities, and,
so far as I know, against everybody's importuni-
ties. They assume the full control over that sub-
ject. They make their own contracts to suit
themselves. I think it is bad enough to have an
Indian tribe within your border any way. I would
give five per cent., I will guaranty that Mich-
igan would give five per cent., on all lands which
the Indians own in that State, to Shave them
taken away.' I guaranty that Mississippi will do
the same thing. They are the worst population
you can have, in every point of view. The United
States assume the power, because they own the
lands, to put them there, and keep them there. I
do not know any thing about the importunities
of which the Senator from Georgia speaks. I
never heard of them. I cannot speak for other
States than my own. The amount which Michi-
gan will get under this provision will not exceed
$100,000. Itis a small matter in comparison, but
the principle is as important as if it were a million.
Mr. BIGGS. Will the Senator from Michigan
indulge me in a question ? The compact with the
new States, that they should have five per ccnt. on
the proceeds of the lands in those States, had
reference to a state of affairs existing at that time.
Now, how will the Senator answer thig question
in regard to it? Suppose lands which, at the time
the compact was made, were selling at $1 25 an
acre, are now, by the graduation act, reduced to
twelve and a half cents: would not the same prin-
ciple apply to give all the new States five per cent,
on the lands at $1 25, although they may be sub-
ject to sale under the graduation act at a much
lower price ?
Mr. STUART. Not at all. I admit the United
States have the right, as any land proprietor has,
to make such terms in the sale of lands as they
think judicious; but I deny the right to withhold
the lands from sale entirely, and refuse to give
compensation to the State under the compact.
They mayput them at three dollars anacre;some
they have put at §2 50, and others at twelve and
a half cents. That is right. The Senator will
see that the State is as much interested as the
