1272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
There being no objection, the joint resolution
Was received, and read twice.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is this time to come out
of the morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. It is subtracted out of the
morning hour.
The joint resolution was, on motion of Mr.
Billinghcrst, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
WISCONSIN LAND BILL.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The business regularly in
order is the consideration of a motion to recom-
mit a bill " granting public lands to the State of
Wisconsin to ai.d in the construction of railroads
in said State," A call for the previous question
is pending.
Mr. JONES^ of Tennessee. The House is
very thin, and in order to ascertain whether or
not a quorum be present, I move that there be a
call of the House.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BENNETT. I withdraw the motion to
recommit, which was madr. to keep the bill be-
fore the House; and also the call for the previous
question on that motion; and now call for the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. ALLISON. I trust that the gentleman
will withdraw his call for the previous question,
so that I may, as a test question, move that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. If the House decide
that the bill shall not be referred, wfiy, then, let
those who are in favor of putting- thest1 bills upon
their passage, take the responsibility of their
votes.
Mr. BENNETT. I must decline to do so. A
test vote can as well be had on the passage of the
bill. A motion to refer, if carried, is the defeat
of the bill. I cannot allow of its introduction.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
Is the question debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is net.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I object to debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill on the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question being on seconding the call for
the previous question,
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, called for tollers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cobb and
Keitt were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 73, noes 53.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allen, Ball, Barbour, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bis,hop, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom,
Buffinton, Burlmgame, James H. Campbell, Carutheis,
Chaffee, Clawson, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Comins. David-
son, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Denvei, Dickson,
Dodd, Durfec, Edie, Edwards, Evans, Gilbert, Grantor,
Greenwood, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Her-
bert, Thomas li. Ilortou, IJughston, Kelly, Kennett, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Lmdley, Mace, Samuel S. Marshall,
Matteson, Maxwell, Killian Miller, Andrew Oliver, Parker,
Peck,. Pelton, Pennington. Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Pike,
Pringle, ltichard<on, Ilobison, Salmi, Sandidge, Sapp, Sim-
mons, William It. 'Smith, Stephens, Stranahan, Taylor,
.Thorington, Thurston. Todd, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman,
Wal bridge, Waldron, Walker. Cadwabulei C. Washbumc,
Welch, Wells, Williams, Woodruff, and Wood worth—81.
NAYS — Messrs. Albright. Allison, Bin«h.im, Bliss, Bo-
cock, Branch, Brooks, Burnett. Cadwalader, Cnrhlfi,
Caskie, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Gov, Craige, Cniwford,
Cumback, Dick, tldmundson, Kmne, English, Faulkner,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Goodc, Grow. Harlan,
Harrison.Haven, Hickman, Hoffman,Hollowav. Valentine
B. Horton, George W. .tones, Keitt, Kunkel', Letcher,
Lumpkin, McQuecn, Smith Millci, Million. Morgan. Mor-
rill, Murray, Paine. Purviam-e, Uoadej Ricaud, ltitchie,
Rivers, Roberts, Ruffin, Savage, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed,
Spumer, Stanton, Stewart, Swope, Talhott, Trippe, Under-
wood, Vail, Yalk, Warner, Watkins, and Win-slow 67.
So the bill*was passed.
Pending the above call,
Mr. RARKSDALE said: Mr. Speaker, I have
paired off with Mr. Scott. He would have voted
in the negative, and I would have cast my vote in
the affirmative.
Mr. BISHOP stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Powell for the present week.
Mr. PURYEAR stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Porter.
Mr. BENNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The tatter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. 1 ask the gentleman
from New York to yield me the floor in order that
I may report the Alabama bill from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands. It was understood by the
committee that the chairman should report all
the bills, but he has thought proper, at my re-
quest, that I should take charge of that bill, and
that, whether it sink or swim, the responsibility
be with me.
Mr. BENNETT. Go on.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to
withdraw from the flies of the House the petition
and papers of Simeon Buckner, in order that they
may be referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Not referred by
the order of the House.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I merely ask their with-
drawal, and state that the withdrawal is for the
purpose of reference to that court.
Inhere was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
On motion of Air. TYSON, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House, of the papers relating to bill No. 2U3,
for the relief of the tuutees, of tiiu Philadelphia gas-works.
PUBLIC LANDS TO ALABAMA.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
31) granting to the State of Alabama public lands
in alternate sections to aid m the construction of
the Coosa and Tennessee river railroad, and for
other purposes, with a substitute.
Mr. COBB. The object of the substitute is to
make this bill conform precisely with the bills
which have already passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, I cull for the read-
ing of the original bill.
^rhe bill was read, as follows:
Be U cncutcd by the Senate and House of Representatives
of (he Unit rd States of  lmerua in Congress aaanbled, That
the ilyhr of way thiough the public land* bo, and the same
is heieby, granted to the State of Alabama,forthe construc-
tion of a railroad fioni the waters of the Tennessee river, at
or near Guntcr's Lauding, to Gadsden, on the Coosa river;
from Gadsden, to connect with the Geoigia and Teruie^po
line of railroads through Chattooga, Wills, and Lookout Val-
leys, and from Elyton to the Tennessee river, at or near
Boards Bluff, in the State of Alabama, with the right to
take necessary materials of earth, stone, timber, &c.,for
the construction thereof: Provided, That the right of way
shall notexeecd one hundred feet on each side of the length
thereof; and a copy of the sin vey of Paul road, made under
the direction of the Legis-latuie of said State, shall be for-
warded to the proper local land offices lcspectively, and
to the General Land Otfice at Washington city, within
ninety dajs after the completion of the ^ame.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That there be, and is
hereby, granted to the State of Alabama, for the pui pose
of aiding in making the lailroad aforesaid, every alternate
section of land designated by odd numbers for six sections
m width on each side ot said road ; but m case it shall ap-
pear that thc^Tmtcd States have, when the line or route of
said road is definitely fixed by the authority aforesaid, sold
any part of any section hereby granted, or that the rurht
of preemption has attached to the same, then it shall be
lawful for any agent or agents, to bo appointed by the gov-
ernors of said State?, to select, subject to the approval
aforesaid, from the lauds of the United States rao-t contig-
uous to the tier of sections above specified, so much land,
in alternate sections or parts of sections, as shall he equal
to such lands as the United States have'sold, or to which
the right of preemption has attached as aforesaid, which
land«, being equal in quantity to one-halfof ^ix sections in
width on each side of said road, the State of Alabama shall
have and hold to and for the use and purpose aforesaid :
Provided, That the lands to be so located shall in no ease
be further than fifteen miles from the line, of the road : And
provided further, That the lands hereby gianted shall be ap-
plied in the construction of said load, and shall be disposed
of only a-3 the work progresses ; and shall be applied to no
other puipose whatsoever: And provided further, That
any and all lands i curved to the United States by any act
of Congress tor the purpose of aiding in any object of inter-
nal improvement, or m any manner for any purpose what-
soever, be, and the same are hereby, reserved to the United
States from the operation ot this'act. except so far as it
may be found necessary to locate the loute of the said rail-
road through «=uch reserved lands.
Sec. 'J. And be itfnither enacted. That the sections and
parts of sections of land which, by such grant, shall remain
to the United States within six miles on eacli side of said
road, shall not be sold for less than double the minimum
price of the public lands when sold.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said lands
hereby granted to the "aid States, shall be -aibjcct to the dis-
posal ol the Legislatures therof for the purposes aforesaid,
and no other; and the said railroad shall be and remain a
public, highway, for the use of the Government of the
United States, free fiom toll, or other charge, upon the trans-
poitationof any property or troops of the United States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if tho said rail-
road shall not be completed within ten years, the said State
of Alabama shall be hound to pay to the United States the
amount which may be leccived upon the sale of any part
of said lands by said State, the title to the purchasers under
said State remaining valid ; and the title to the residue of
said lands shall reinvest m the United States, to have and
hold the same, m the same manner as if this act had not
been passed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the United
Slates mail shall at all tunes be Uanspoitedon the said rail-
road, under the direction of the Post Office Department, at
sucii pi ice as Congress may by law direct.
Mr. COBB. I ask for the reading of the sub-
stitute.
The substitute was read, as follows:
A Bill granting Public Lands m alternate sections to aid
in the construction of certain Railroads in said State.
Sec. 1. Beit enacted, by Ike Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That there be, and is hereby, gianted to the State
of Alabama, for the purpose of aiding in the construction
of railroads from the Tennessee river, at or near Gunter's
Landing, to Gadsden on the Coosa river, from Gadsden to
connect with the Georgia and Tennessee line of railroads
thiough Chattooga, Wills, and Lookout Valleys, and from
Elj ton to the Tennessee river, at or near Board's Bluffs,
Alabama, every alternate section of land, designated by
odil numbers, for six sections in width on cach side of said
roads. But in case it shall appear that the United States
have, when the line or loute of said roads is definitely
fixed, sold any section, or any pait thereof, granted as afore-
said, or that the right of preemption has attached to the:
same, then it shall be lawful for any agent or agents to be
appointed by the Goveinor of said State to select, subject
to the approval of the Secictary of the Interior, from the
lauds of the United States nearest to the tier of sections
above specified, so much land in alternate sections, or
parts of sections, as shall be equal to such lands as the
United States have sold, or otherwise appropriated, or to
.which the right of preemption has attached as aforesaid;
which lands (thus selected in lieu of those sold, and to
which preemption has attached as aforesaid, together with
the sections and paits of sections designated by odd num-
ber-: as aforesaid, and appiopnated as aforesaid) shall be
held by the State of Alabama for the use and purpose
atoiesaid: Pi ovided, That the lands to be so located shall in
no case be further than fifteen miles from the line of the
roads in cach case, and selected for and on account of said
roads: Provided further, That the lands hereby granted
shall be exclusively applied mthe construction of that road
for which it was gianted and selected, and shall be disposed
of only as the woik progresses, and the same shall be ap-
plied to no other purpose whatsoever: And provided further,
That any and all lands reserved to the United States by
any act of Congress for the purpose of aiding in any object
of internal improvement, or in any manner for any purpose
whatsoever be, and the same are hereby, reserved to the
United States fiom the opeiation of this act, except so far
as it may be found necessary to locate the route of said
railroads through such reserved lands; in which case the
right of way only shall be gianted, subject to the appiova!
of the President of the United States.
Sec. 0. And be it further enaeted, That the sections and
parts of sections of land which, by such grant, shall remain
to the United States within six miles on each side of said
roads, shall not be sold for less than double the minimum
piice of the public lands when sold; nor shall any of said
lands become subject to private entry until the same have
been first offered at public sale at the increased price.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said lands
hereby granted to said State shall be subject to the disposal
of the Legislature thereof for the purposes aforesaid, and
] no other; and the said railroads shall be and remain public
highways for the use of the Government of the United
States, tree from toll or other charge upon the transporta-
tion of property or tioops of the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the lands hereby
granted to said State shall be disposed of by said State only
in the manner following : that is to say, that a quantity of
land, not exceeding one hundred and twenty sections, and
included within a continuous length of twenty miles of said
roads, may be sold ; and when the Governor of said State
shall certify to the Secretary of the Interior that any twenty
continuous miles of said roads are completed, then another
like quantity of land hereby granted may be sold; and &(r,
fiom time to time, until said loads are completed; and if
said roads are not completed within ten years, no further
sale shall be made, and the lands unsold shail revert to the
United States.
See. 5. 'And be it further enacted, That the United States
mail shall be transported over said roads, under the dncc-
tion of the Post Office Department, at such price as Con-
gtess may by law direct: Provided,'That until such price is
fixed by law, the Postmaster General shall have the power
to determine the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from thp Senate, by
Asbury Dickies, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a resolution
(S. R. No. 19) for obtaining information in re-
gard to the growth and consumption of tobacco
and cotton in the several countries in the world;
ir. which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
PUBLIC LANDS TO ALABAMA—AGAIN.
Mr. COBB,- of Alabama. The Committee on
Public Lands have directed mc to rcportan amend-
