536
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 19,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Sumner.
Senate.
hensible" conduct. To such conclusion he was
compelled by irresistible evidence; but what he
mildly describes I openly arraign. Senators may
affect to put it aside by a sneer; or to reason it
away by figures; or to explain it by a theory,
such as desperate invention has produced on this
floor, that the Assassins and Thugs of Missouri
were in reality citizens of Kansas; but all these
efforts, so far as made, are only tokens of the
weakness of the cause, while to the original Crime
they add another offense of false testimony against
innocent and suffering men. But the Apologies
for the Crime are worse than the efforts at denial.
In cruelty and heartlessness they identify their
authors with the great transgression.
They are four in number, and four-fold in
character. The first is the Apology Tyrannical;
the second, the Apology Imbecile; the third, the
Apology Absurd; and the fourth, the Apology
Infamous. This is all. Tyranny, imbecility, ab-
surdity, and infamy, all unite to dance, like the
weird sisters, about this Crime.
The Apology Tyrannical is founded on the mis-
taken act of Governor Reeder, in authenticating
the Usurping Legislature, by which it is asserted
that whatever may have been the actual force or
fraud in its election, the people of Kansas are
effectually concluded, and the whole proceeding
is placed under the formal sanction of law. Ac-
cording to this assumption, complaint is now in
rain, and it only remains that Congress should
sit and hearken to it, without correcting the
wrong, as the ancient tyrant listened and granted
no redress to the human moans that issued from
the heated brazen bull, which subtle cruelty had
devised. This I call the Apology of technicality
inspired by tyranny.
The facts on this head are few and plain. Gov-
ernor Reeder, after allowing only five days for
objections to the returns—a space of time unrea-
sonably brief in that extensive Territory—de-
clared a majority ofthe members ofthe Council and
of the House of Representatives "duly elected,"
withheld certificates from certain others because
of satisfactory proof that they were not duly elect-
ed, and appointed a day for new elections to sup- j
ply these vacancies. Afterwards, by formal mes- j
sage, he recognized the Legislature as a legal body,
and when he vetoed their act of adjournment to
the neighborhood of Missouri, he did it simply
on the ground of the illegality of such an adjourn-
ment under the organic law. Now, to every
assumption founded on these facts, there are two
satisfactory replies: first, that no certificate of the
Governor can do more than authenticate a sub-
sisting legal act, without of itself infusing legality
where the essence of legality is not already; and
secondly, that violence or fraud, wherever dis-
closed, vitiates completely every proceeding. In
denying these principles, you place the certificate
above the thing certified, and a perpetual lease to
violence and fraud, merely because at an ephemeral
moment they were unquestioned. This will not
do.
. In other matters, no such ostentatious imbe-
cility appears. Only lately, a vessel of war in
the Pacific has chastised the cannibals of the \
Fcjee Islands, for alleged outrages on American
citizens. But no person of ordinary intelligence
will pretend that American citizens in the Pacific
have received wrongs from these cannibals com-
parable in atrocity to those received by American
citizens in Kansas. Ah, sir, the interests of Sla-
very are not touched by any chastisement Qf the
Fejees!
Constantly we are informed of efforts at New
York, through the agency of the Government,
and sometimes only on the breath of suspicion,
to arrest vessels about to sail on foreign voyages
in violationof our neutrality laws or treaty stip-
ulations. Now, no man familiar with the cases
will presume to suggest that the urgency for these
arrests was equal to the urgency for interposition
against these successive invasions from Missouri.
But the Slave Power is not disturbed by such
arrests at New York !
At this moment, the President exults in the
vigilance with which he has prevented the enlist-
ment of a few soldiers, to be carried off to Halifax,
in violation of our territorial sovereignty, and
England is bravely threatened, even to the extent
of a rupture of diplomatic relations, for her en-
deavor, though unsuccessful, and at once aban-
doned. Surely, no man in his senses will urge
that this act was anything but trivial by the side
of the Crime against Kansas. But the Slave Pow-
er is not concerned in this controversy.
Sir, I am no apologist for Governor Reeder
There is sad reason to believe that he went to
Kansas originally as the tool of the President;
but his simple nature, nurtured in the atmosphere
of Pennsylvania, revolted at the service required,
and he turned from his patron to duty. Griev-
ously did he err in yielding to the Legislature any
act of authentication; but lie has in some measure
answered for this error by determined efforts
since to expose the utter illegality of that body,
which he now repudiates entirely. It wqs said
of certain Roman Emperors, who did infinite
mischief in their beginnings, and infinite good
towards their ends, that they should never nave
been born, or never died; and I would apply the
same to the official life of this Kansas Governor.
At all events, I dismiss the Apology founded on
his acts, as the utterance of tyranny by the voice
of law, transcending the declaration of the pe-
dantic judge, in the British Parliament, on the eve
of our Revolution, that our fathers, notwithstand-
ing their complaints, were in reality represented
in Parliament, inasmuch as their lands, under the
original charters, were held " in common socage,
as of the manor of Greenwich in Kent," which,
being duly represented, carried with it all the
Colonies. Thus in other ages has tyranny as-
sumed the voice of law.
Next cdmes the Apology Imbecile, which is
founded on the alleged want of power in the Pres-
ident to arrest this Crime. It is openly asserted,
that, under the existing laws of the United States,
the Chief Magistrate had no authority to inter-
fere in Kansas for this purpose. Such is the
broad statement, which, even if correct, furnishes
no Apology for any proposed ratification of the
Crime, but which is in reality untrue; and this,
I call the Apology of imbecility.
Thus, where the Slave Power is indifferent, the
President will see that the laws are faithfully ex-
ecuted; but, in other cases, where the interests
of Slavery are at stake, he is controlled absolutely
by this tyranny, ready at all times to do, or not
to do, precisely as it dictates. Therefore it is,
that Kansas is left a prey to the Propagandists of
Slavery, while the whole Treasury, the Army and
Navy of the United States, are lavished to hunt
a single slave through the streets of Boston. You
have not forgotten the latter instance; but I choose
to refresh it in your minds.
As long ago as 1851, the War Department and
Navy Department concurred in placing the forces
of the United States, near Boston, at the com-
mand of the Marshal, if needed, for the enforce-
ment of an Act of Congress, which had no sup-
port in the public conscience, as I believe it has
no support in the Constitution; and thus these
forces were degraded to the loathsome work of
slave-hunters. More than three years afterwards,
an occasion arose for their intervention. A fugi-
tive from Virginia, who for some days had trod
the streets of Boston as a freeman, was seized as
a slave. The whole community was aroused,
while Bunker Hill and Faneuil Hall quaked with
responsive indignation. Then, sir, the President,
anxious that no tittle of Slavery should suffer,
was curiously eager in the enforcement of the
statute. The dispatches between him and his
agents in Boston attest his zeal. Here are some
of them:
Boston, May 27,1854.
To the President of the United States:
In consequence of an attack upon the Court-house, last
night, for the purpose of rescuing a fugitive slave, under
arrest, and in which one of my own guards was killed, Ihave
availed myself of the resources of the United States, placed
under my control by letter from the War and Navy depart-
ments, in 1851, and now liave two companies of troop3,
from Port Independence, stationed in the Court-house.
Everything is now quiet. The attack was repulsed by my
own guard. WATSON FREEMAN,
United States Marshal, Boston, Mass.
Washington, May 27,1854.
To Watson Freeman,
United States Marshal, Boston, Mass.:
Your conduct is approved. The law must be executed.
FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, May 30,1854.
Tc Hon. B. F. IIai.lett, Boston, Mass.:
What is the state of the case of Burns ?
SIDNEY WEBSTER.
[Private Secretary of the President.}
_ _ Washington, May 31,1854.
To B. F. Hallett,
United States Attorney, Boston, Mass.:
Incur any expense deemed necessary by the Marshal and
yourself, for City Military, or otherwise, to insure the exe-
cution of the law. FRANKLIN PIERCE.
But the President was not content with such
forces as were then on hand in the neighborhood.
Other posts also were put under requisition.
Two companies of National troops, stationed at
New York, were kept under arms, ready at any
moment to proceed to Boston; and the Adjutant
General of the Army was directed to repair to the
scene, there to superintend the execution -of the
statute. All this was done for the sake of Slavery;
but during the long months of menace suspended
over the Free Soil of Kansas, breaking forth
in successive invasions, the President has folded
his hands in complete listlessness, or, if he has
moved at all, it has been only to encourage the
robber propagandists.
And now the intelligence of the country is in-
sulted by the Apology,that the President had no
j power to interfere. Why, sir, to make this con-
fession is to confess our Government to be a
j practical failure—which I will never do, except,
| indeed, as it is administered now. No, sir, the
imbecility of the Chief Magistrate shall not be
j charged upon our American Institutions. Where
I there is a will, there is a way; and, in his case,
had the will existed, there would have been a
way, easy and triumphant, to guard against the
Crime we now deplore. His powers were in
every respect ample; and this I will prove by the
statute-book. By the Act of Congress of 28th
February, 1795, it is enacted, " that whenever the
laws of the United States shall be opposed, or the
execution thereof obstructed, in any State, by com-
binations too powerful to be suppressed by thu
ordinary course of judicial proceedings, or by
the powers vested in the marshals," the Presi-
dent "may call forth the militia." By the sup-
plementary Act of 3d March, 1807, in all cases
where he is authorized to call forth the militia
" for the purpose of causing the laws to be duly
executed," the President is further empowered,
in any State or Territory, "to employ for the same
purposes such part of the land or naval force of
the United States as shall be judged necessary."
I There is the letter of the law, and you will please
to mark the power conferred. In no case where
I the laws of the United States are opposed, or their
execution obstructed, is the President constrained
to wait for the requisition of a Governor, or evert
the petition of a citizen. Just so soon as he learns
the^fact, no matter by what channel, he is in-
vested by law with full power to counteract it.
True it is, that when the laws of a State are ob-
structed, he can interfere only on the application
of the Legislature of such State, or of the Execu-
tive, when the Legislature cannot be convened;
but when the Federal laws are obstructed, no
such preliminary application is necessary. It is
his high duty, under his oath of office, to see
that tney are executed, and, if need be, by the
Federal forces.
And, sir, this is the precise exigency that has
arisen in Kansas—precisely this; nor more, nor
less. The Act of Congress, constituting the very
organic law of the Territory, which, in peculiar
phrase, as if to avoid ambiguity, declares, as
"its tru6 intent and meaning," that the people
thereof "shall be left perfectly free to form and
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way," has been from the beginning opposed and
obstructed in its execution. If the President had
power to employ the Federal forces in Boston,
when he supposed the Fugitive Slave Bill was
obstructed, and merely in anticipation of such
obstruction, it is absurd to say that he had not
power in Kansas, when, in the face of the whole
country, the very organic law of the Territory
was trampled under footby successive invasions,
and the freedom of the people there overthrown.
To assert ignorance of this obstruction—premed-
itated, long-continued, and stretching through
months—attributes to him not merely imbecility,
