1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
537
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Sumner.
Senate.
but idiocy. And thus do I dispose of this Apol-
ogy.
Next comes the Apology Jibrurd, which is, in-
deed, in the nature of a pretext. It is alleged
that a small printed pamphlet, containing the
«' Constitution and Ritual of the Grand Encamp-
ment and Regiments of the Kansas Legion,"
was taken from the person of one George F.
Warren, who attempted to avoid detection by
chewing it. The oaths and grandiose titles of
the pretended Legion have all been set forth, and
this poor mummery of a secret society, which
existed only on paper, has been gravely intro-
duced. on this floor, in order to extenuate the
Crime against Kansas. It has been paraded in
more than one speech, and even stuffed into the
report of the committee.
A part of the obligations assumed by the mem-
bers«of this Legion shows why it has been thus
pursued, and also attests its innocence. It is as
follows:
" I will never knowingly propose a person for member-
ship in this order trAo is not in faror of making Kansas a
free Stale, and whom I feel satisfied will exert his entire
influence to bring about this result. I will support, main-
tain, and abide by any honorable movement made by the
organization to secure this great end, which trill not conflict
witk tie laws of the country and the Constitution of the
United States."
Kansas is to be made a free State, by an hon-
orable movement, which will not conflict with the
laws and the Constitution. That is the object of i
the organization, declared in the very words of
the initiatory obligation. Where is the wrong in
this? What is there here, which can cast re-
proach, or even suspicion, upon the people of
Kansas ? Grant that the Legion was constituted,
can you extract from it any Apology for the
original Crime, or for its present ratification?
Secret societies, with their extravagant oaths,
are justly offensive; but who can find, in this
mistaken machinery, any excuse for the denial
of all rights to the people of Kansas ? All this, I
say, on the supposition that the society was a
reality, which it was not. Existing in the fan-
tastic brains of a few persons only, it never had
any practical life. It was never organized. v The
whole tale, with the mode of obtaining the copy
of the-Constitution, is at once a cock-and-bull
story, and a mare's nest; trivial as the former;
absurd as the latter, and to be dismissed, with the
Apology founded upon it, to the derision which
triviality and absurdity justly receive.
It only remains, under this head, that I should
speak of the Apology Infamous, founded on false
testimony against the Emigrant Aid Company,
and assumptions of duty more false than the tes-
timony. Defying Truth and mocking Decency,
this Apology excels all others in futility and au-
dacity, while, from its utter hollowness, it proves
the utter impotence of the conspirators to defend
their Crime. Falsehood, always infamous, in this
case arouses peculiar scorn. An association of
sincere benevolence, faithful to the Constitution
and laws, whose only fortifications are hotels, '
school-houses, and churches; whose only wea- j
pons are saw-mills, tools, and books; whose j
mission is peace and good will, has been falsely I
assailed on this floor, and an errand of blameless '
virtue has been made the pretext for an unpar-
donable Crime. Nay, more—the innocent are
sacrificed, and the guilty set at liberty. They
who seek to do the mission of the Savior are
scourged and crucified, while the murderer, Ba-
rabbas, with the sympathy of the chief priests,
goes at large.
Were I to take counsel of my own feelings, I
should dismiss this whole Apology to the ineffa-
ble contempt which it deserves; but it has been
made to play such a part in this conspiracy, that
I feel it a duty to expose it completely.
_ Sir, from the earliest times, men nave recog-
nized the advantages of organization, as an effect-
ive agency in promoting works of peace or war.
Especially at this moment, there is no interest,
public or private, high or low, of charity or trade,
of luxury or convenience, which does not seek its
aid. Men organize to rear churches and to sell
thread; to build schools and to sail ships; to con-
struct roads and to manufacture toys; to spin cot-
ton and to print books; to weave cloths and to
quickenharvests; toprovide food and to distribute
light; to influence Public Opinion and to secure
votes; to guard infancy in its weakness, old age
in its decrepitude, and womanhood in its wretch-
edness; ana now, in all large towns, when death
has come, they are buried by organized societies,
and, emigrants to another world, they lie down in
| pleasant places, adorned by organized skill. To
! complain that this prevailing principle has been
| applied to living emigration is to complain of
| Providence and the irresistible tendencies im-
; planted in man.
! But this application of the principle is no recent
invention, brought forth for an existing emer-
i gency. It has the best stamp of Antiquity. It
showed itself in the brightest days of Greece,
where colonists moved in organized bands.- It
became a part of the mature policy of Rome,
where bodies of men were constituted expressly
for this purpose, triwnviri ad colonos deducendos.—
(Livy, xxxvii, f) 46.) Naturally it has been ac-
cepted in modern times by every civilized State.
With the sanction of Spain, an association of
Genoese merchants first introduced slaves to this
continent. With the sanction of France, the
Society of Jesuits stretched their labors over Can-
ada and the Great Lakes to the Mississippi. It
was under the auspices of Emigrant Aid Compa-
nies, that our country was originaIly*ettled#by
the Pilgrim Fathers of Plymouth, by the adven-
turers of Virginia, and by the philanthropic Ogle-
thorpe, whose " benevolence of soul," commem-
orated by Pope, sought to plant a Free State in
Georgia. At this day, such associations, of an
humbler character, are found in Europe, with
offices in the great capitals, thro.ugh whose
activity emigrants are directed here.
For a long time, emigration to the West, from
the Northern and Middle States, but particularly
from New England, has been of marked signifi-
cance. In quest of better homes, annually it has
pressed to the unsettled lands, in numbers to be
counted by tens of thousands; but this has been
done heretofore with little knowledge, and with-
out guide or counsel. Finally, when, bythe estab-
lishment of a Government in Kansas, the tempt-
ing fields of that central region were opened to
the competition of peaceful colonization, and espe-
cially when it was declared that the question of
Freedom or Slavery there was to be determined
by the votes of actual settlers, then at once was
organization enlisted as an effective agency in ■
quickening and conducting the emigration im-
pelled thither, and, more than all, in providing j
homes for it on arrival there. j
The Company was first constituted under an act 1
of the Legislature of Massachusetts, 4th of May,
1854, some weeks prior to the passage of the Ne-
braska bill. The original act of incorporation
was subsequently abandoned, and a new charter
received in February, 1855, in which the objects
of the Society are thus declared:
"For the "purposes of directing emigration Westward,
and aiding in providing accommodations for the emigrants
after arriving at their places of destination."
At any other moment, an association for these
purposes would have taken its place, by general
consent, among the philanthropic experiments of
the age; but Crime is always suspicious, and
shakes, like a sick man, merely at the pointing of
a finger. The conspirators against Freedom in
Kansas now shook with tremor, real or affected.
Their wicked plot was about to fail. To help
themselves, they denounced the Emigrant Aid
Company; and their denunciations, after finding
an echo iu the President, have been repeated,
with much particularity, on this floor, in the
formal report of your committee.
The falsehood of the whole accusation will ap-
pear in illustrative specimens.
A charter is set out, section by section, which,
though originally granted, was subsequently
abandoned, and is not in reality the charter of the.
Company, but is materially unlike it.
The Company is represented as " a powerful
corporation, with a capital of five millions;"
when, by its actual charter, it is not allowed to
hold property above one million, and, in point
of fact, its capital has not exceeded one hundred
thousand dollars.
Then, again, it is suggested, if notalleged, that
this enormous capital, which I have already said
does not exist, is invested in " cannon and rifles,
in powder and lead, and implements of war" 
all of which, whether alleged or suggested, is
absolutely false. The officers of the Company
authorize me to give to this whole pretension a
point-blank denial.
All these allegations are of small importance,
and I mention them only because they show the
character of the report, and also something of the
quicksand on which the Senator from Illinois has
chosen to plant himself. But these are all capped
by the unblushing assertion that the proceedings
of the Company were " in perversion of the plain
provisions of an Act of Congress;" and also,
another unblushing assertion, as "certain and
undeniable," that^the Company was formed to
promote certain objects, " regardless of the rights
and wishes of the people, as guarantied by the
Constitution of the United States, and secured
by their organic law;" when it is certain and un-
deniable that the Company has done nothing in
perversion of any Act of Congress, while to the
extent of its power it has sought to protect the
, rights and wishes of the actual people in the Ter-
ritory.
Sir, this Company has violated in no respect
the Constitution or laws of the land; not in the
severest letter or the slightest spirit. But every
. other imputation is equally baseless. It is not true,
as the Senator from Illinois has alleged, in order
in some way to compromise the Company, that it
was informed before the public of the date fixed
for the election of the Legislature. This state-
ment is pronounced by the Secretary, in a letter
now before me, " an unqualified falsehood, not
having even the shadow of a shade of truth for its
basis. It is not true that men have been hired
by the Company to go to Kansas; for every emi-
grant, who nas gone under its direction, has him-
self provided the means forhis journey. Of course,
sir, it is not true, as has been complained by the
Senator from South Carolina, with that proclivity
1 to error which marks all his utterances, thatmeR
have been sent by the Company " with one uni-
! form gun, Sharpe's rifle;" for it has supplied no
arms of any kind to anybody. It is not true that
1 the Company has encouraged any fanatical ag-
j gression upon the people of Missouri; for it has
J counseled order, peace, forbearance. It is not
1 true that the Company has chosen its emigrants
on account of their political opinions; for it has
asked no questions with regard to the opinions
j of any whom it aids, and at this moment stands
j ready to forward those from the South as well
as the North, while, in the Territory, all, from
i whatever quarter, are admitted to an equal enjoy-
ment of its tempting advantages. It is not true
that the Company has sent persons merely to con-
trol elections, and not to remain in the Territory;
for its whole action, and all its anticipation of
pecuniary profits, are founded on the hope to stock
the country with permanent settlers, by whose
labor the capital of the Company shall be made
to yield its increase, and by whose fixed interest
' in the soil the welfare of all shall be promoted.
[ Sir, it has not the honor of being an Abolition
, Society, or of numbering among its officers Abo-
litionists. Its President is a retired citizen, of
ample means and charitable life, who has taken
no part in the conflicts on Slavery, and has never
allowed his sympathies to be felt by Abolitionists.
One of its Vice Presidents is a gentleman from
| Virginia, with family and friends there, who has
, always opposed tho Abolitionists. Its generous
Treasurer, who is now justly absorbed by the
| objects of the Company , has always been under-
stood as ranging with his extensive connections,
i by blood and marriage, on the side of that quiet-
j ism which submits to all the tyranny of the Slave
; Power.- Its Directors are more conspicuous for
, wealth and science, than for any activity against
; Slavery. Among these is an eminent lawyer
of Massachusetts, Mr. Chapman — personally
known, doubtless, to some who hear me — who
has distinguished himself by an austere conserv-
atism, too natural to the atmosphere of courts,
I which does not flinch even from the support of
I the Fugitive Slave Bill. In a recent address at a
j public meeting in Springfield, this gentleman thus
speaks for himself and his associates:
" I have been a Director of the Society from the first, and
have kept myself well informed in regard to its proceedings.
1 am not aware that any one in this community ever sus-
pected me of being an Abolitionist; but I have been
accused of being Pro-Slavery; and I believe many good
