1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1273
merit, which I now offer, to the substitute just
read. The reasons for the amendment I will give
briefly, whun the proper time arrives.
I want the privilege of making a motion now
to recommit the bill, in order to save it in the
event that the morning hour should expire before
I shall have finished my explanation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose this bill
is to go through, like all the other bills of a sim-
ilar character, under the operation of the previous
question.
Mr. COBB. Oh, no; I am perfectly satisfied to
give it a fair showing. I ask that the amendment
may be read.
Mr. LETCHER. It has already'been read.
Mr. COBB. It has not. This is an amendment
to the amendment, ordered by the committee to
be reported, to the substitute.
Mr. JONES. Did the committee instruct the
gentleman from Alabama to report an amendment
to the substitute ?
Mr. COBB. Then I will offer the amendment
myself.
Mr. JONES. I wish to know if the Committee
on Public Lands reported an amendment in lieu
of the original bill, and then reported an amend-
ment to their own amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
otherwise.
Mr. COBB. I will report it. I will father it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands this
to be the state of the question: The gentleman
from Alabama submits an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute from the Committee on Public
Lands, and then proposes an amendment to that
substitute.
Mr. JONES. I wish to inquire if the Com-
mittee on Public Lands did not instruct him to
report this amendment to their own amendment?
Mr. COBB. The Committee on Public Lands
were of the unanimous opinion that it ought to
be reported; but for the sake of getting clear of
the difficulty or objection of the gentleman from
Tennessee, I will father the amendment, and offer
it to the amendment reported by the committee.
Mr. JONES. I wish to inquire if the gentle-
man proposes by this bill to increase the price of
all the lands now subject to entry under the pre-
emption law and the graduation law—those now
selling at twelve and a half and twenty-five cents
to two dollars and fifty cents per acre, for the dis-
tance of six miles on each side 'of the road ?
Mr. COBB. This bill epcqks for itself. It
proposes to increase the price of the reserved
lands to double the minimum price. The gentle-
man from Tennessee has been a thorn in my side,
[laughter,] and a thorn in my political position
upon this railroad bill, ever since he and I have
had the honor to be upon this floor together.
When I have been endeavoring, from the time I
first became a member of this House, to do that in
which the Government of the United States is first
interested; and, secondly, the State of Tennes-
see, the gentleman's own native State; and lastly,
the State of Alabama, and the citizens thereof,
who ask that this bill may pass, that gentleman
has stood in my way.
Mr. JONES. Well, I will appeal from the
gentleman to his own people. I know them as
well as he does.
Mr. COBB. Very well. I am responsible to
my constituents, as the gentleman from Tennes-
see is to his. And had it not been for that gen-
tleman's interrogatories upon former occasions
when these bills were up, I perhaps should have
got along much better than I have. [Laughter.]
He has thrown barriers in the way to prevent me
from getting the bills passed, and I have been
held to answer to my constituents for omitting to
get passed that act which the gentleman from
Tennessee has prevented me from getting passed.
Now, sir, that I may not lose the bill by a mo-
tion to procced to the business on the Speaker's
table, I move to recommit the bill to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands. And I will now briefly state
that I am prepared to sustain the position which
I shall occupy in relation to the grants of land to
Alabama to aid in the construction of these roads,
to the satisfaction of every unprejudiced mind in
this House and in the United States. But, sir,
inasmuch as there has been a clamor here for
several days that there has not been a fair show
in regard to these bills; that those who are un-
compromisingly opposed to their passage have
not had an opportunity to be heard, I say here
now to this House, and through you to the country,
that I ask no favors from the fiouse or from the
country, to which my people arc not fairly entitled;
and if, on the argument of the opposition, they
can show that Alabama has not as m\\ch right to
public lands as any other State, I will abandon
the measure. She has been pleading here for
fourteen years on the very bill which I have in-
troduced, and which was the second bill ever
introduced into the Congress of the United States
establishing the principle of granting lands in aid
of railroads. That bill has been kicKcd out time
and again; and to-day Alabama again comes,
after fourteen years'application, to ask Congress
for her just rights.
Since I have been in Congress, I have voted
for grants, comprising upwards of twenty mil-
lions of acres, to other States, while my own has
been a feeble suppliant at the footstool of Con-
gress, asking that Congress would do likewise
for her.
Now, sir, I intend to give an opportunity to
those who have any reason to assign, to show
why grants of land should not be made "to aid
in the construction of these railroads. The road
from Memphis, on the Mississippi river, to Ste-
venson, is to connect Alabama with the great
lines of railroads in Tennessee, Georgia, and
Virginia. Another road is the Northeast and
Southwestern road, proposed to connect New
Orleans with Canada. It is a small link in that
great enterprise. Another is the Central railroad,
by which it is proposed to connect Mobile bay
with the Florida coast, leading in the direction
of Nashville, Louisrille, Cincinnati, and the
lakes. Another is the Girard and Mobile rail-
road, which is to connect Girard and Mobile.
If lands cannot be given for those great pur-
poses, then let Alabama go by the board, as she
has gone before. Her sons have tried here, for
fourteen years, to have justice done to her; but
her prayer has been refused as often as it was
made. We are ready to contribute, out of our
own private pocket, forty-nine dollars for every
one hundred contributed, if you give us every foot
of land we ask. And to benefit whom ? Alabama?
No. Tennessee? Yes; Georgia, Kentucky, Vir-
ginia, and every State in this Confederacy.
After stating these facts, permit me to say that
I have not the slightest objection to yield thirty
or thirty-five minutes of my time to any gentle-
man who may choose to take the floor in oppo-
sition to these bills. After that time expires, I
will claim my ri^ht to go on.
Mr. LETCHER obtained the floor.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to ask my colleague
a question.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us first have that amend-
ment read. Then I will give way.
Mr. Cobb's amendment to the amendment was
then read as follows:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That a grant of land?
sliall be made to slid State to aid m the construction of
the following loads in said State, town: The Memphis
and Charleston radioad, extending from Memphis, on the
Mws-issippi nver, tn Tennessee, to Stevenson, on the Nash-
ville and Chattenooaa lanroad m Alabama; the Guard and
Mobile rail load, fioni Guard to Mobile, Alabama; tlic Notih-
ean and Southwestern railroad, fiom near Gads-don, to some
point on tlie Alabama and Mississippi State line, tn the
daection to the Mobile and Ohio rail toad, with a view to
connect wall said Mobile and Ohio raihoad : the Coosaand
Alabama iailioad,from Selimtn God«den ; the Central rau-
load, fiom Montgomery to some point on the Alabama and
Tennessee State line,"in the direction to Nashville. Ten-
nessee; and that alternate sections-of the public lands, to
the same extent, and m the same mannei.and upon the
same limitations and restrictions in evejy respect, shall be
and i* hereby, made to aid in the construction of the loads
m said State mentioned m the act: Ptovidcd, That the lands
hereby granted to said State, lor the puipose of const! ucnng
araihoad from the northra-t to the southwestern pouion
of said State, going southwest of Elyton, shall be arsi^ncd
to such load as may be designated by the Legislature of
said State.
Mr. COBB. I have a tabular statement of the
quantity of lands 
Mr. LETCHER. I am entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBB. And I am going to give you a
chance. I want to be courteous to the gentleman;
but I wish to state the probable amount of the
land. Two years ago, while this measure was
before the Congress of the United States, it became
my duty, as a member of the Committee on Public
Lands, to state to the House the probable amount
of land which the State of Alabama would get,
provided this bill passed. I call the attention of
the gentleman from Virginia, who is so very muc^
interested in this great grant. The quantity of
land that was then supposed might be got W9&
one million, six hundred thousand acres. Tii.ai
was before the graduation bill passed. Since th$
graduation bill became a law, there 'have been
somewhere about four million acres of the pub]£g
lands in Alabama taken up. The lands thjere
have been taken up so fast, that the officers have
not been able to transfer the returns of sales, so
as to allow a calculation to be made of the lands •
that are now left. But I am perfectly satisfied
of this fact, that if Congress pass this bill with
the amendments I have submitted, Alabama can-
not possibly get a milliort acres of land. Every
foot of road proposed to be built there is to rua
through a country which—except about one hun-
dred and seventy miles—has been in market for
thirty or forty years, and is now subject to sale
at twelve and a half cents per acre.
The House will readily conclude,from this state-
ment of facts, that if Alabama be granted all she
asks she will get but little. I make this state-
ment in order that the House may perfectly un-
derstand the matter. Now* if the House permit
me, I will hear for thirty minutes what the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher.} has to say.
That will be giving him half my time.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 will accept evenYhat time.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question oforder.
If I understand the question now before the House*
it is on the amendment of the gentleman from Al-
abama to the amendment of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
has precedence of the motion to amend.
Mr. STANTON. The point I wish to make
is, that the amendment of the gentleman from Al-
abama is not germane to the amendment of the
Committee on Puolic Lands.
The S^EA-KER. That question is not now
properly before the House—the first question
being on the motion to recommit, which is a pre-
cedent motion to the motion to amend.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 differ with the gentleman
from Ohio. I think the amendment to the amend-
ment is perfectly germane, and that it is in exact
accordance with what I have been expecting.
Wc started out with Iowa for four roads. That
was followed by Florida for three; then comes
Wisconsin, and the hill has just passed for
three in that State. The Committee on Public
Lands reported a substitute, which they directed
the gentleman from Alabama to offer, and that
substitute provides for three more. Not content
with that, however, and being a little more hun-
gry and greedy than the others, the gentleman
from Alabama moves an amendment to the sub-
stitute, and asks for six or seven roads in his
State.
It strikes me that the gentleman from Alabama
is in rather an inconsistent position on this sub-
ject. It will be recollected that he is the father
of what is called the graduation act, which passed
this House some two or three years ago, and
which was urged on our consideration on the
ground that the lands in Alabama, having been
a long time hi market, and not having been sold
at the price of one dollar and twenty-five cents
per acre, it was right and proper that the pri^e
should be reduced to the sum of twelve and a
half cents per acre to bring them within the reach
of settlers m that neighborhood. That was done.
Now, what does the gentleman propose? He
proposes to run six or seven railroads through
that land, taking the odd sections within six
miles on either side of those roads, if he can
get enough to makeup the complement of odd
sections, and if not, then nine miles on cither
side, embracing thirty miles within the limits of
the two outside lines. And what does he pro-
pose to do with the balance5 To let them go to
the settlers who want to buy the land at two dol-
lars and fifty cents per acre—the very lands that
he said were too high when they were at one dol-
lar and twenty-five cents per acre, and which his
graduation bill reduced to twelve and a half cents
per acre. Now, I saj that this is a most remark-
able state of things. He said that the lands were
too high at one dollar and twenty-five cents per
acre, and after we have reduced the pri^e to
twelve andahclf cents per acre, at ins suggest-on,
he now comes forward and proposes to do&^te a
portion of those lands to the railroad corporations
which may be chartered by the Legislature of
