2148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 15,
Mr. TOOMBS. My friend from Mississippi
lias called on me, I believe, to vindicate my con-
sistency, because I did not go for his amendment
by rallying with him against this measure, ami
opposing this dome. He holds it to be very clear
reasoning, that because I am opposed to his mea-
sure 1 should oppose this. I can tell that Senator
we do not understand consistency in the same
way. Within the rules I have prescribed for
myself I vote for what 1 approve, and against
what I disapprove. I disapproved his proposi-
tion as being, in my judgment, wrong ana unjust.
I vote for this because I think it eminently proper
and appropriate. This is my explanation of my
consistency.
Mr. MASON. I am entirely uninformed about
this dome-, I have not read the documents; but I
have heard that it will cost a million of dollars,
and I have heard again that it will cost one and a
half millions of dollars. I do not know what it
will cost, but I do know the common law, maxim
that every man is to be trusted in his art. I
know that the legislation of Congress has placed
this subject in competent hands, and determined
how the Capitol shall be built. 1 am prepared
and willing to trust those hands. I know that,
whether they expend one million of dollar# or
twenty million of dollars, the Constitution will
sanction it. I know, also, that during the pres-
ent session, in my judgment, we have corrup-
tive! y and corruptingly lavished and wasted
money on unconstitutional appropriations.
Now it is perfectly immaterial to me, oh far as
the public money is concerned, whether I lie object
costs one million of dollars or twenty million of
dollars. We had better dispose of it ten thou-
sand tunes in that way than to give it to these
lakes, and rivms, and harbois, to corrupt the
people where the ruoney is to be expended. 1
take it for planted that the legislation of Con- i
gross has deposited this mattet in proper hands, t
1 do not know what wort of dome we are going ;
to make, but 1 do know that we have the power 1
to make the appropriation. J know the money
is in the public Ti easury; and 1 know, if it is not i
appropriated for public purposes, it will be, ap- i
propnated to corrupt the popular mind. 1 will i
vote for the appropriation, careless what it is. j
Mr. TTA-Lb. 1 do not propose to discuss this
amendment, but i want to favor equality. The
dilator f'toin Virginia says he knows money has
been eouupfively expropriated this session. 1
disclaim any .such knowledge."
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me to
interrupt him. Tie: Senator bom Vn^tnia said
no such tiling. The Senator from Vngim.i did
not say he knew the money had been eonupt-
ively appiopnated, but theSenatorliom Virginia
said, that in hi-: judgment money had been lav-
ished duung the piesent session for pntposes
unknown to the Constitution, and, therel'oie, cor-
ruptingly and eomiptively appropriated.
Mr. 1IALK. 1 accept the explanation; hut the
Senator must have ibigotten what he said, or a
good many ears, with mine, misunderstood what
he said. I ha\e nothing further to say.
Mr. MASON. 1 will trust my memory.
Mr. flALK. And 1 will trust mine.
Mr. bltOWN. I want to show from the doc-
uments that 1 was right in what I said when I
was first up. ! have before u\e a It tter of the
Secreta;y of War, dated March 5, 1850. Jn that
letter Ik; sny> :
'• Tin.- v ai!k w.m authorized bv (""onTre^ upon pl.nis
H<i|)t''<t In ''omiuUti'e wiihoiit any con.-aiUahon witii tins
Now, iji so tar as the Secretary says this plan
was adop.ed on ihe report of a committee, he js
mistaken, as :!n- last paper in the saim document
shows. Th.u papi r makes an exlrnet from the
records oi the House of Representatives:
"Mr. How- ion, ehanman ni Way- and Wr-.tns, a^ke.l
whethei that motion eame trom any>.ommiuee?
Mr. Sm m'.in irplu'il, I ower it on my own
responsibility. It i unit - icoommendcd l>v no committer.' "
I therefore hope that the mistake of the Sec-
retary Will notweiiih on thv mind of any Senator
here. 1 spoke by the iceoi d, in the ilr.^t instance,
when I siud this came from a solitary member of
the House, nut recommended by any committee,
and not sanctioned by any department of the
Government. The Sccietary continues:
'•When p;vp,mn« the last annual jepoit. I endca\ wd
to ofotam an estimate of the cost of completing the woik,
but the plans and drawings were not so far advanced as to
enable the engineer to tarnish it."
There, you see, long after the appropriation
was made, the plans and drawings were not in a
sufficient state of forwardness to enable the Sec-
retary of War to allude to the subject intelli-
gibly. I was right, therefore, in saying that, in
the beginning, there was no plan. The Senator
from New York is mistaken, on the face of the
document, when he says the plans and drawings
were before the House when this measure was
passed, for if they had been, there could not have
been such a want of them as the Secretary alludes
to in this letter.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from Mississippi allow me to state to him my
ground for that assertion? It is, that the bill
itself, if I recollect it, makes the appropriation
for erecting the dome according to the plan of
the architect.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator from Mis-
sissippi allow me to explain ?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. I think he is in error in re-
gard to the documents. The architect of the
public buildings had designed this dome. The
designs and plans were in his office, and were
submitted in the House of Representatives. Mr.
Stanton was familiar with them. The engineer
who lias charge of the building under the orders
of the War Department had not, as they call
it, studied out the detail, so as to enable him to
make an estimate of the cost. That is the mean-
ing of his answer in the document referred to by
the Senator from Mississippi. The plan as
adopted by Congress was the presentation of the
model m wood, and also the drawing. Both were
before the House, and could be seen by them.
They existed two years ago, and there were de-
tailed drawings by the aiohitect. The engineer
had, up to that time, nevt r studied oat the details.
Since this session of Congress commenced, he
has gone on with the work; but he had not, at
the time when this report was made, studied out
the details. There have been, as I stated, slight
variations of portions of the dome as first de-
signed, but its geneial appearance and structure
remain the same. I only ask the Senator, when
lift has done reading the rest, to be kind enough
to lead the concluding opinion of the construct-
ing engineer, Captain Aleigs. If he reads that,
he will have read, in my judgment, the whole
state of the question
Mr, BROWN. 1 was stating that the Secre-
taiy of War, as late as the 5th of March, 18:36,
told Congress that, when he was preparing his
last annual report m December, or January, when
you know the dome was being taken down, the
plans and diawiugs weie not so fat advanced as
to enable the engineer to furnish the estimates.
Then 1 say, on tile face of that document, the
work was commenced without any plan. What
does he say furthet:
k* 1m>i the Mime KMioii the en'jmeri h still unable to pre-
paie .i icimhlc eMiinair ,—
no teliable estimate was, made up to the 5th of
March, 1850; and yet, sir, the old dome had been
taken down—
"hut five aielntoet, in his repoit heicwith nan-mnlted,
'-tales that the cint will piobahiy amount to .f;9U" ,000.,J
Gentlemen have spoken of this as an estimate.
I say it is no estimate. It is a mere conjecture
of tin' cost. No man of responsibility has pre-
tended to say that this work will be completed
for ^943,000. The Secretary of War, m commu-
nicating to Confess, says it is a conjectural esti-
mate made by the aichitect. Then what else do
we find in this document? JLere is a letter from
i Captain Aleigs himself, da'o d iiie 5th of March,
; IHoti, and addressed to the Secretaiy of War, in
j which he says;
! " When icqueacd by you, at the time of preparing the
. annual lepoij, to -ubunt <m estimate ol the total cost of the
dome, I lephed tlut. until the detail- of conjunction could
I lie uiom" tully \\ oiked out, so a> to determine tise quantity
j of material- to br u-rd m it, any ♦'s-nmate winch J could
I make would only be mjijeermal, and J theiotorc pieferred
i not then to submit a liual e-tun.He, the mattet being of too
! «reat tmpoi tauee tor a conjectuic. '
| Now I ask agdin, whether we are going on to
! make appropriations upon plans which are loosely
spoken of, and drawings that are put up here for
us to look at, -when even the engineer m charge
of the work does not pretend to limit himself to
: $945,000' But, sir, according to the letter I first
read, the work was authorized under the impres-
sion, derived from what had occurred, that the
whole work was to cost $100,000. Then we have
a conjectural es^mate thatit is to cost us $945,000.
Presently we shall see how likely that conjecture
is to be realized. " The plan of the dome,"says
the Secretary of War, " having been designed by
Mr. Walter, and adopted by Congress." How
the Secretary ever got it into his head that the
plan was adopted bjr Congress I am at a loss to
know. There, I think, he is mistaken again.
I am at a loss to know when Congress adopted
Mr. Walter's plan for a dome, when I read this
document. I appeal now to the Senate to know
whether, when this appropriation was made, any
one had heard anything of Mr. Walter's plan ?
Mr. JAMES. I had heard of it; 1 had seen
the plan. I had been advised of it as a member
of the Committee on Public Buildings. I ap-
proved of it then, and I approve of it now'.
Mr. BROWN. That is one out of sixty-two
Senators. Is there another? I am sure I never
heard of it. My understanding of the manner in
which this appropriation passed through the
Senate is this: it came here in an appropriation
bill at the last hours of the session, and it waa
passed en masse with the rest of them. It was
never read in the Senate. No Senator was given
to understand that any such thing was being done.
When the bill came back from the committee of
conference, it came, as such reports generally do,
speaking of amendments numbered 1, 5, 20, 25,
and so on, recommending that wtc concur in •
House amendments 1, 5, 15, 23, and disagree to
the rest. This was one of the fortunate amend-
ments which happened to be numbered on the
right side for our approval, and we approved it
without knowing a word aboutit, or ever hearing
it read here. The Secretary of War says:
" The plan of the dome having been designed by Mr.
Walter, and adopted by Congte-sd without an estimate of
the engineer, without the recommendation—and. I may
add, without the concurrence—of tins Department"—
Now, I beg the attention of the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.] He says he
is sure this matter was put into competent hands.
The Secretary of War tells us it was done by
Congress without a recommendation, and without
the concurrence of the Department.
—"the style, upon which will mainly depend the cost of
the stiucturc, must be better understood by the architect,
and Kich members of your committee as weie m the last
Congress, than by myeelf."
" Competent hands!" when the Secretary of
War tells you ilat and plain that he knows nothing
about it. He knows nothing about the cost, but
tells you you must understand it better than he
does. Do you understand anything about it?
The Secretary of War says he does not. The
Secretary of War says the Senator from Virginia
understands it better than he does. I think the
sum and substance arc, as I have stated in the
outset, that nobody understands it.
Mr. MASON, if the Senator will allow me
for a moment, I will say that I ventured to rely
on the maxim of common law; and the common
law all lawyers know is the consummation of hu-
man wisdom. Cuillbet hi arte sua credendum est.
1 took it for granted that the legislation of the
country was founded in wisdom. I supposed the
legislation of the country had given this matter
the proper direction, and I relied on the maxim of
common law to which I referred.
Mr. BROWN. ' That was a violent presump-
tion of the Senator, which, I think, he had no
sood reason to indulge m, looking to the past
history of the country on this question of appro-
priation; for he himself, in the speech which he
made, called Congress to task for having made
the most wasteful, and extravagant, and uncon-
stitutional appropriations at this very session.
Jf the legislation of Congress is not to be relied
upon on the very matter of which the Senator
was speaking, why rely on it in this matter ?
Mr. MASON. Because it is conceded on all
hands that wo have the constitutional right to
build a Capitol and put a dome on it; and there-
fore I presume this is not a doubtful matter.
Mr. BROWN. With all due respect to my
friend from Virginia, that is begging the ques-
tion. Nobody contends that you have not the
right to put a dome on the Capitol. Nobody pre-
tends, as a mere naked question of right, that you
may not put one there of solid gold; but the ques-
tion is, what ought you to do—not what you have
