1656.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2149
the power to do. Because you have the power
to put a dome there, it does? not follow that you
ought to put up one that wili cosjt a million and a
quarter of dollars without a plan, and without
any one being: responsible. The Secretary of
War tells you that he does not know'anything
about it, and that he presumes Congress, having
passed the law, understands it. Congress was
acting on its own intelligence, and therefore must
take the responsibility. Now, let us pursue this
subject a little further. The Secretary says:
"This Department had no other means of judging how
Congress intended the inferior to be finished than by in-
spection of the plan designated in the act of appropriation.
This exhibited a high order of architecture, and thus indi-
cated an expensive style of in tenor finish. The cost would
unquestionably be reduced by adopting a lower standard
than that on which tile architect made his estimate, and,
on the other band, it could as certainly be magnified by a
more ornate style of interior finish than was contemplated
by him* This Department, therefore, can say no more than
that the appiopnations shall be expended in the most eco-
nomical manner to secure whatever purpose Congress had,
or may have, in reference to the dome, and, in the absence
of more specific itifomiation, will take care to confoim the
interior (the detail*- of which ate not yet decided) <is nearly
as pos&ihle to the exterior, as shown in the plan which ha^"
been approved by Congress."
The .Secretary still has that idea in his head,
that .there is some plan somewhere which Con-
gress has approved. 1 say there is no such plan
approved by Congress. He speaks, too, of the
purpose which Congress had or may have in
view. If Congress had any special object in
view,jor has any now, I am at a loss to tell what
it is.
Mr. CLAYTON". Does my honorable friend
from Mississippi hold that it is not sound policy
to make appropriations for this dome, merely
because there has not been some estimate? The
old dome is down, and the question is, whether
we shall allow it to remain in that condition until
another session of Congress? Now, sir, my friend
fiom Mississippi says there is no estimate. He
admits the necessity of the dome.
Mr. BROWN. No.
Mr. CLAYTON. Would you suffer it to
remain as it is now ?
Mr. BROWN. I would, until we adopt some
proper plan.
Mr. CLAYTON. Now the building is liable
to be injured by exposure to the weather. There
is no roof on part of the building. It is a matter
of indispensable necessity that something should
be done.
Now my friend from Mississippi wishes us to
wait until there shall be a regular estimate made,
and he and T and all the rest of us shall be satisfied
with that estimate. Sir, I profess to be entirely
incompetent to form a correct judgment on this
question. I do not understand it; I am not a
professional architect. I do not know that we
have on the floor more than a single man who is
an architect. The honorable Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. .Tames] is a practical architect, and
he approves of this plan, and thinks it the best
that could be possibly devised. Then, so far as
professional knowledge is concerned, it is de-
cidedly in favor of going on with the work. He
approves it, and the rest of us do not pretend to
understand the subject; those who are judges
admire the plan.
If we wait until the next session, it will take
until the close of the session at any rate before
we can pass an appropriation bill for the purpose.
Wc all know it will have to go in a general ap-
propriation bill, probably on the last night of the
session, the 3d of March. Now, sir, a great deal
may be done between this and that period; a
great deal ought to be done between this and that
period.
Another objection is, that it is to cost §945,000
or §1,000,000, or $2,000,000. Gentlemen make
this objection on the score of economy. If it be
necessary, in order to make this dome as magnifi-
cent as it can be made for the honor of this great
nation, 1 am perfectly willing to vote §2,000,000
or §5,000,000. Sir, only satisfy me that the money
is honestly expended—satisfy me that it is ex-
pended for the honor and glory of the country—
that it is to make perfect a building in which all
Americans take pride, and I do not care whether
the money is §500,000 or §5,000,000. I will vote
the money that is necessary to make it worthy
of this Rcpubhc. If Athens would have a Par-
thenon, a great Republic like ours may well have
a Capitol. I sec no difficulty at all in voting a
large sum of money for a purpose like this. Be-
sides, time is essential. Money alone cannot build
j great works like this. Time is an essential ele-
I ment in all great works, and we ought to avail
I ourselves now of the present moment to continue
this work, and go on with it from year to year
until it is, as I have said, worthy of the country.
I do not wish to detain the Senate. I trust the
appropriation will pass.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to say one word on
this question before the vote is taken. We are
expending several millions on the Capitol. We
are making it of a magnificent order of architec-
ture and a splendid specimen of art. There is no
saving of money, no higgling about the amount
we shall pay for the ornaments that are to be
put on it, or the cost of the material of which it
is to be constructed. It is well known that the
building will be one of the most awkward, un-
gainly, unsightly structures in the world, without
a dome. If we are not going to make it a hand-
some building, one worthy of the nation as a
specimen of architecture, 1 do not know why we
are making appropriations for the erection of
marble walls, for the beautiful statuary, for the
ornamental work on the cornices and on the por-
tico, and for all those things that partake more
of ornament than of utility. It is impossible to
make it a handsome building, a beautiful struc-
ture, without a dome; and from what opportuni-
ties I have had of witnessing domes on public
buildings, I do not hesitate to say that I have
never seen one equal to the model which has
been prepared here. You may compare it either
with St. Paul's m London, or St. Peter's m Rome,
or St. Isaac's in St. Petersburgh, or any other
building in the known world, and so far as I have
ever seen buildings and drawings, I know of no
dome, or model for a dome, that excels the one
which has been prepared here. A beautiful dome
is going to cost no more than an awkward, un-
gainly, unsightly one; and as your building can-
not be finished without a dome, either make the
appropriation, or abandon all the works of art
that you are putting on the building. I would
rather dispense with your marble mantel-pieces,
with your marble columns inside, with the beau-
tiful ornamental work that is to represent the
different products of the country carved m the
marble which only one man in a thousand will un-
derstand—I would rather dispense with all these
than with the dome, which is essential to impart
beauty to the structure when finished. I would
as soon think of discontinuing all appropriations
for the Capitol, and abandon it, and leave it in an
unfinished condition. I hope that we either shall
make an appropriation for the dome or stop alto-
gether; for it.would only be a disgrace to the
nation to put up such magnificent walls, and such
beautiful ornamental work, and then leave the
structure unfinished, as if there was not a man of
taste, or a man who could appreciate art in the
United States, to finish a building thus commenced.
It would look as if we had begun on a grand scale
and our money gave out—as if we had begun on j
a scale beyond our means to finish. I trust that j
we shall either stop the whole concern, or finish it i
on the plan that has been commenced. j
Mr. BROWN called for the yeas and nays, and i
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—,
yeas 33, nays 11; as follows: j
YEAS—Me-sis. Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee, Ben- j
janun, Jiiclor, Buth'j, Chuton, Collamcr, Dod^c, Douglas, \
Duikee, Toot, Fo-ler, Hale, Il;uian, Houston, tveison, i
James., Jones of Iowa. Join'^ of Tennessee, Mallo y. Ma-on, !
Peaice, Sebastian, tVward, Htu.u 1,Thomson of N<nv Jci.-ey, 1
Toombs, Trnmim!!,Wc!!er,Wilson,Wright, and Yulee—,33. ;
NAYS—Messrs.Adams,Biggs,Bright.Brodhead,Biown, j
Cass, Claj, CJeyer, Pugh, ileal, and Wade—XI. j
So tlie amendment was adopted. j
Mr. JAMES. I am instructed by the Com- j
mittee on Public Buildings to offer the following
! amendment at page twenty, line four hundred and j
! sixty-nine, to strike out " and," and insert, after
! the word " avenue," " East Capitol street to
Second street;" so that the clause will read:
, For lighting the President's House and Capitol, the pub-
: lie grounds around them and asonnd the Executive others,
Pennsylvania avenue, and East Capitol street to Second i
, stieet,.5-27.000. j
j The amendment was agreed to. j
! Mr. JAMES. I am requested by the Com- \
I mittee on Patents and the Patent Office to offer i
! the following amendment as an additional section: j
'■ And be it further enacted, That there shall be appointed ;;
and paid, in the manner now provided by law, two principal
examiners and two assistant examinersT in addition to the
examining force now authorized by law to be so employed
in the Patent Office.
I will simply observe that the increase of busi-
ness at the Patent Office demands this increase of
force.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Patents, whether this
is recommended by the Department?
Mr. JAMES. It is recommended by the Com-
missioner of Patents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JAMES. I* have another amendment
from the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office:
J2ud be itfarther enacted, Thai the Commissioner of Pat-
ents is heieby authorized to pay those mploj'ed in the
United States Patent Office, from April J, I80I, until April
ljl8.")5, as examiners and assistant examiners of patents,
at the rates fixed by law for these respective grades: Pro-
vided, That the same be paid out of the Patent Office fund,
and that the compensation thus paid shall not exceed that
of those duly enrolled as examiners and assistant exam-
iners of patents for the same period.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Patents whether
this is recommended by the Secretary of the In-
terior? 1 observe that it goes back and pays
these officers from 1854.
Mr. JAMES. Up to 1855. It is recommended
by the Secretary of the Interior and the Commis-
sioner of Patents.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not know why we
should go back and increase salaries, and give a
retrospective operation to the increase.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senator from Rhode
Island will make it prospective, and it is recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Interior, I shall
be inclined to support it; but I think a retrospect-
ive increase of salary is wrong, and I hope it will
not be agreed to, without some special reason.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. CLAYTON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment for one of the Departments of the Govern-
ment. It is for a small sum of money which has
been appropriated, so far as the Senate could do
it, by two successive bills which have been passed
here. It is for the present chief cleik of the
State Department, Mr. Blunter. I say that two
bills at previous sessions have been passed by
the Senate, appropriating the sum of $1,500 to
compensate him for performing the duties of
Secretary of State in the absence of Mr. Web-
ster, who was sick at the time, and,also during ,
the interim when there was no Secretary of State,
before a Secretary was appointed, and after his
predecessor had resigned, under the order of the
President of the United States. lie performed,
as I have here the official evidence to show, the
duties of Secretary ofState, and has never received
one dollar for it. The period for which he served
in this way, which I have the evidence, as I repeat
again, to show, was one hundivd and sixteen
days. Wc passed a bill on two former occasions
to appropriate him §1,500 for the purpose of
compensating him for serving in that way. The
House has, at the present session, had a bill
reported from the committee there, reducing the
sum to $1,380. It is a very close calculation
which has brought down this mr,ritorious claim
about one hundred and twenty dollais below what
it formerly was; but the necessities of the officer
arc such, that I bog leave now to ask the Senate
to ingraft on this bill an amendment appropria-
ting that sum to pay him the £1,380.
Mr. MASON. I hope that amendment will
pass. All who have had intercourse wtih the
chief clerk of the Department of State know his
competency and devotion to his duties. He has
been called upon to discharge more than once the
duties of Secretary of State, and this is to com-
pensate him for the difference of salary.
Mr. CLAYTON. This gentleman served while
I was in the Department of State as Secretary.
I promoted him to be chief clerk of claims. Pie
was afterwards made the chief clerk of the whole
Department.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope the amendment
will be read.
Mr. CLAYTON. I take occasion to say of
him that he was one of the most able and faith-
ful officers ever in the Department.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows;
Jlndle it further enacted} That the Secretary of the Treas-
