1276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
- Mr. COBB. How does the gentleman get the
floor to make that motion ?
Mr. JONES. Under the rules, when, the morn-
ing hour has expired, any gentleman can take the
floor for the purpose of submitting amotion that
the Houso proceed to the consideration of the
business on the Speaker's table. When I first
rose, I thought that the floor had been assigned to
the gentleman from Virginia.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama yielded the floor to the gentleman from
.Virginia for thirty minutes.
Mr. JONES. I will not insist on the motion
to go to the business on the Speaker's table, if
the gentleman from Alabama will not call for the
previous question. We ought to have this mat-
ter thoroughly sifted.
Mr. COBB. It is proper to state just here that
I intend to call for the previous question in order
that the bill may be speedily disposed of.
Mr. JONES. I thought the gentleman said
that he was willing that all sides of this question
should be heard.
Mr. COBB. I said I would allow the opposi-
tion to be heard, and i yielded for that purpose
to the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 57, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Bmgham, Bocock,
Branch. Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, Lctfis D. Camp-
bell, Caihle, Caskte, Ciinginau, How*!! Cobb,Co\,Ciaig<>,
Cmuback, Uick, .Uick^on, Dur.ce, Edmund^on, Faulkner,
Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway. Goode, J. Mor-
ji.-on IJaui-, Ilavcn, Hickman, Hoffman, riolloway,
George VV. Jones, J. ptancy Jouc , Kmt, Kunkel. Letcher,
Lumpkin, Meachnm, Smith Miller, Murray, Andrew Oliver,
Fame, Puryeai, Reade, Iticaud, Ritchie, Robcits, liuflin,
Savage, Scott, Samuel A. Smith, Stanton, Tnppe, Ty&on,
Vail, wakernan, Warner, and Winslow—-o7.
NAYS — Messrs. Albught, Alien, Ball, Barbour, Barks-
dale, Bell, Homy Bennett, Benson, Ihllinghun-t, Bliss,
Bowie, BiadMiaw. Bienion, Broom, Buflinton, BuUtngamc,
James H Campbell, Caruther?, Williamson K. W. Cot>b,
Ooli'ax, Comma, Ciagm, Cia\vionl,Cullen, Timothy Davis,
Denver, Dodd, Dowdell, fcidi;', Enme, Eu^ti.s, Evan>s, Gil-
bert, Gi anger, Greenwood, Grow, ILiiJan, fc-amp-on \VT.
Harns, ThomasII Horton, Valentine B. Morton, ihiglMon,
Kelly, Kenneir, iinapp, Knight, KnowJton, Mace, Hum-
phrey M.usbnll, SamuW S. Mai-.liaN, Mammon, IVIavweM,
Ivillian Miller, Morgan, Momll, Paiker, Peck, Pelton,
Peiry, Pettit, Pike, Pi mule, Purviance. Richardson, Rivers.
Robfson, Sabm, Saurtidge, Sapp, Simmon?-, William Ri
Smith, Spinner, StephenStewart, Stianahnn, Swope,
Tnppan/riioringtfM,Thurston, Tiation, Undei wood, V;iik,
Wade, Walbiidgo, Waldron, Walker, Cadwalader C.
Washbutne, Watkin^, Welch. Well0, Williams, Woodruff,
Woodworth, and Daniel B. Wnght—93.
So the House refused to go to the business on
the Speaker's table.
DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I withdraw my
objection to taking from the Speaker's table, for
reference, the consular and diplomatic appropria-
tion hill.
The SPEAKER, Then, if there be no objec-
tion, there will be taken from the Speaker's table,
for consideration, a bill making: appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1857, together with the amendments of the Senate
thereto.
No objection was made; and said bill was taken
up.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
bill and amendments of the Senate be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. STANTON. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to report from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, a bill for the relief
of Don Piatt, so that it may be referred along
with the consular and diplomatic appropriation
bill and the amendments of the Senate thereto.
Several Members objected.
The motion of Mr. Campbell was agreed to.
ALABAMA RAILROAD BILL—AGAIN.
Mr COBB, of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, X am
going to bring this question to a rapid determina-
tion. In reference to my conduct on this and
other questions—on my views of the public land
system of this country—I refer the gentleman
from Virginia to my constituents, who demand
at my hands all that I have asked. In the next
place I would state to the House, and thecountry,
and the gentleman'* constituents, that, in order
to ascertain what are his opinions on all matters
which he left out of the discussion to-day, they
may refer to his last year's speech. They will
find all there except the attack on Alabama and
her interests. *
Now, with regard to the amendment to the
amendment which I have presented, my state-
ment will be very brief. The original bill only
provided for the roads which conccrned the peo-
.pie of the district which I have the honor to rep-
resent. I expected that the remainder of the
Alabama delegation would provide for the other
roads in which their constituents were more par-
ticularly interested. The Committee on Public
Lands were opposed to including any large num-
ber of roads in one bill, and in order that all the
roads demanded in Alabama might be provided
for, I introduced the amendment to which gen-
tlemen so much object. That accounts for the
amendment which 1 have offered. It is simply
a continuation of roads from south to north and
from east to west, that meet the road embraced
in my bill. My bill was the one 1 offered for my
own district.
Again, the gentleman speaks of the reduction
of the price of the public lands. My constituents
are willing to pay a double price for their lands,
else they would not have asked me to get this
bill passed.
But, further, there is one provision in this bill to
which I desire to call the attention of the gentle-
man. It is a provision common to this and the
other land bills winch have been reported to the
Mouse this session, and it is a provision which
is decidedly to the interest of the Government
The bills which we arc now reporting and pass-
ing require that the lands which the Government
reserves, after making the grant to the State to aid
in the construction of railroads, shall not be taken
up at the minitaum price, not at twenty-live cents,
fifty cents, or other sum, as in other cases, but
that they shall be put up at public sale, and be
sold for the benefit of the General Government.
If the building of railroads through the public
lands increases the value of the lands,thc Govern- I
ment, of course, under the provisions of the bill i
are authorized to receive the utmost increase of j
the value of that land induced by the local enter- •
prise. '
I suppose that is satisfactory to everybody, and ,
I call the previous question. Allow me to return 1
my thanks to the House for their liberality in \
refusing to procepd to the business upon the
Speaker's table, and giving me and Alabama a ;
chance to be heard.
Theiprevious question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. COBB. I now ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdraw my motion to
recommit the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
The question was taken; and the motion to
recommit was disagreed to.
The question recurred upo.n Mr. Cobb's amend-
ment to the substitute, reported by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
'Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Ala-
bama. I understand that the amendment, in the
nature of a substitute, reported from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, appropriates land to aid in
the construction of certain roads named in that
amendment. The amendment moved by the gen-
tleman from Alabama to the amendment of the
committee, proposes to appropriate lands to aid
in the construction of a number of other and dif-
ferent roads. Gentlemen come here with amend-
ments to amendments, in manuscript, and we can
know nothing about them, exceptas we hear them
read, and have no opportunity to examine and
understand what tlvy arc.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a point of or-
der. Has the main question been ordered?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is debate, then, in or-
der?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The gentleman
from Ohio can state his point of order, but is not
at liberty to debate it.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to know whether
the roads named in the amendment of the gentle-
man fiom Alabama are not different roads from
those mentioned in the substitute of the com-
mittee ?
The SPEAKER. The bill provides for a grant
of land to the State of Alabama^ to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in that State.
The Chair understands that the amendment of
the gentleman from Alabama provides a grant of
land'to the same State, to aid m the construction
of other roads.
Mr. STANTON. So I understand It; and my
point is that that amendment is not germane to
a bill granting land in aid of the construction of
the roads named in the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. It was held repeatedly in
the last Congress, and the same principle has
been adopted in other Congresses, that where a
grant of land is proposed in a bill in aid of the
construction of certain railroads in a State or
Territory, an amendment proposing a grant of
lands to the same State to aid in the construction
of other roads in that State, is in order. The
Chair, looking to the precedent and the practice
of the House, cannot decide the amendment out
of order. The Chair thinks the amendment is
admissible under the practice of the House, if
not strictly under parliamentary rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Alabama involves a
different principle from any which the House has
been passing upon in the other bills, I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. MORGAN. Is it in order to move to lay
the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama
upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is; but that will carry
the bill and the substitute with it.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Mr. STANTON. As this is doubling up mat-
ters pretty fast, I move to lay the bill upon the
table; and upon that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The House is dividing upon
the call of the gentleman from Virginia for tellers.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw the motion.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the amendment was agreed to.
The substitute reported by the Committee on
Public Lands, as amended, was then agreed to;
the bill as amended was ordered to be engrossed,
and road a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. COBB moved the previous question.
Mr. GREENWOOD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Boccck and
Knowlton were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 78, noes 41.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put,
being upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. MORGAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barbour, Barksdale, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bilhngbuist. Bowie, Brenton, Broom, Buf-
finton, Burhngame, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Clawson,
Williamson R- VV. Cobb, Comms.Cragin,Oul!en, Timothy
Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Duifee, Evans, Gilbert, Gieen-
vvood, Sampson W. Harris. Thoma^R. Horton, Husjbston,
Kelly, Kennult, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Mace, Samuel
S. Marshall, Matteson,Maxwell, Oir, Parker, Peck, Pelton,
Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Pnngle, Richardson, Rivers, Sabm,
Sandidge, Sapp, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William R.
Smith, Stephens, Stranahan, Tappan, Taylor, Thorington,
Thuiston, Tralton, Tyson, Valk, Wakeman, Walbndge,
Waldron, Walker, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Watkms,
Welch, Wells, Williams, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Dan-
iel B. Wright—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Bliss, Bocock,
Branch,Burnett, Cadvvalader, James II. Campbell, Carhle,
Ca«kie, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Cox, Craige, Cumbaek,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd. Ennie,English,Florence, Galloway,
Goode, Grangei, Grow, Harlan, Haven, Hickman, Hoff-
man, Iloiloway, Valentine B. Horton, George W.Jones,
Kunkel. Letcher, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Meach-
arn, Kiliian Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan. Mor-
rill, Murray, Andiew Oliver, Purviance, Reade, Ricaud,
Ritchie, RoVrts, Ruffin, Savage, Scott, Spinner, Stanton,
Stewait, Todd, Trippe, Vail, Warner, and Wm&lovv—61.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote last
taken, and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
