THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March B,
office were thought to require an experienced
judgment and considerable familiarity with the
course of public affairs. And to secure the elec-
tion of Senators from all extraneous influence—
such as might have been apprehended, perhaps,
from the dictation of the large States or the pat-
ronage of the Federal Government—it was
furthermore declared that each Senator should not
merely be a citizen, but an actual resident—"in-
habitant"—of the State for which he is chosen.
1 agree that no State can dispense with, or sub-
tract from, the requisites prescribed in the Fed-
eral Constitution; but I can see no pretense for
asserting that the States may not superadd any
<jualification which is consistent with those requi-
sites. A Senator is an officer of the Federal Gov-
ernment; he is, also, an officer of his own State.
He is elected to represent the people of the State,
in an aggregate and organized capacity, as one
of the sovereign parties to our Federal compact.
He is elected,to be sure, by the Legislature; but
the Legislature is itself a body of representa-
tives, chosen by the people. His constituency
is equal to that of all the members of the Legis-
lature taken together. It consists of the people,
at large, acting through counties, districts, or
other established subdivisions, and thus express-
ing the will of the State as a public corporation.
"Whilst the Federal Constitution might prescribe
certain requisites, therefore, in order to secure
the interests of the Federal Government, the
rights of the citizens of all the States, and the
welfare of the whole Union; whilst it might well
do this, and bind each State to an observance of
such requisites, no reason can be assigned why
the people of a State — whose peculiar repre-
sentative and officer in equal degree their Sen-
ator is—might not prescribe other qualifications,
in addition, for the purpose of protecting their
separate interests, rights, and welfare. I agree,
of course, that such additional requisites must
not only bo consistent with those specified in the
Constitution of the United States, but with the
whole spirit and tenor of that instrument. No
mischief can result to the Union, or to other
States, from this course of decision; and it leaves
to the States that degree of independence, that
reservation of powers, which the tenth amend-
ment to the Constitution so plainly inculcates.
There is no conflict between the Constitution
of the United States and the constitution of the
State of Illinois. They are perfectly consistent.
Now, so far as my learning extends, there is no
.principle more firmly established in the law of
England and of America than this: that whenever
two enactments can stand together—whether they i
be called constitutions, statutes, or by what name '
soever—they shall stand together, and both shall
be obeyed.
It is suggested, however, that the Legislatures
of the States derive their power of electing Sen-
ators from the Constitution of the United States,
and not from their respective State constitutions.
But this, if admitted to its full extent, will be found
immaterial. It is not a power conferred on any
Legislature as matter of gift or permission from
the Federal Government, but as a matter of right
—and because the Legislature represents the
people, and acts only as an agent for the people.
Surely, I submit, the Constitution of the United
States never designed to exalt the agent above
the priijpipal, the creature above the creator, the
minister above the sovereign, as this proposition
assumes.
Under the Articles of Confederation, as we
know, the States voted in Congress substantially
as they now vote in the Senate; and the Dele-
gates of each State were chosen by its Legisla-
ture in pursuance of a usage older than the Arti-
cles themselves. The House of Representatives
is a body which owes its existence to the Federal
Constitution; but the Senate is only the Congress
of the Confederation remodeled. Hence, pur-
suing a usage even older than the Declaration of
Independence, the power of electing Senators is
not conferred on the State Legislatures by the
Constitution of the United States, but is recog-
nized as existing in them, previously, as the
agents of State sovereignty and the impersona-
tions of State independence.
This is not the only disqualification to the of-
fice of Senator in Congress, prescribed by the
Constitution of Illinois; for, as I shall have occa-
sion to relate in a few moments, the members of
the General Assembly are disabled even to a
greater extent. Nor is Illinois the only State
which has claimed and exercised the right of
creating such disqualifications.
The constitution of New York and the consti-
tution of Michigan contain the same prohibition,
namely, that neither a judge nor a member of the
Legislature ^hall be eligible to the office of Sena-
tor in Congress. The constitution of Florida
provides that the Governor, and all justices, chan-
cellors, and judges shall be ineligible. The con-
stitutions of Georgia, Mississippi, Indiana, and
Texas declare that no member of the Legislature
shall be elected, and the constitution of Mary-
land has a provision somewhat similar. The
constitutions of Wisconsin, California, Ohio, and
lows disqualify judges alone; the constitutions
of Tennessee, Alabama, and Arkansas admit of
controversy in this particular, but were intended
to have the same effect. We sit here to decide,
therefore, upon the validity of the constitutions
of twelve, and, perhaps, of sixteen States.
It was said, some weeks ago, by the gentleman
whose seat is now in question, that the legality
of his election had been considered and decided
in the State of Illinois. That, if true, would be
a fact of much importance; for whilst I agree that
the Senate is an exclusive judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members,
by the express terms of the Federal Constitution,
I understand the rule to be well established, and
universally applicable, that the courts of each State
are the most authoritative expositors of their
own their constitutions and laws. But it not only
appears, now, that the question has never been
decided, judicially, in the State of Illinois; it ap-
pears that no such case ever occurred until the
election of members to the present Congress. The
opinions of the gentlemen, Senators and Repre-
sentatives, who voted for Mr. Trumbull, would
be of no authority if expressed to us, and ex-
pressed to us (except in the fact that certain bal-
lotswere cast) their opinions have not been. The
Legislature of Illinois has no judicial cognizancc
of this question; it does not appear to have been
argued, or seriously considered; and the Senate
of Illinois, at all events, did not affirm, or even
admit, the soundness of Mr. Trumbull's preten-
sions.
The letter of the Governor of the State [Mr.
Matteson] addressed to certain citizens, in Octo-
ber, 1854, from which a quotation has been made,
as it is said, can be of no authority at all. The
Governor is an executive, and not a judicial offi-
cer;and, as for the letter, it was note von an official
act.
Equally futile and beside the purpose are two
othersuggestions:First,thatthechicfjustice of Il-
linois has been appointed a district judge of the
United States; and, second, that the electors in two
congressional districts made choice of persons
who were thusineligible. It is not pretended that
the constitution of Illinois can limit or control the
! President of the United States in the exercise of
! his power of appointment. He does not owe
j that constitutionally allegiance; but the constitu-
| tion of Illinois can and does limit as well as con-
j trol the Legislature of that State. By the consti-
' tution, and it alone, was the Legislature created,
and is now kept in existence, with powers dis-
tinctly specified and subject to definite limitations.
Every member of the Legislature owes allegiance
to that constitution. He cannot act as a legislator
until he has sworn to support it; and whenever
he utters a vote m opposition to its requirements,
whether by word or by ballot, he violates the oath
of his office as well us his allegiance, and betrays
the public trust committed to his care.
As to the second suggestion, namely, that the
electors of two congressional districts m Illinois
have chosen for the office of representative, per-
sons who were ineligible, I cannot believe it is
seriously urged, and feel assured that, before such
an audience, it requires no formal answer. I am
therefore of the opinion already expressed, that
j the citizens of each State have a right, subject to
the requirements of the Federal Constitution, to
prescribe the qualifications of their Senators and
Representatives in Congress.
But the question is not one of qualification,
merely; it relates, also, to the manner of election.
The constitution of Illinois not only provides
that judges of the supreme and circuit courts
shall be ineligible to any other office in the State,
or the United States, during the term for which
they were elected, and one year thereafter, but
adds this provision:
"All votes for either of them, for any elective office,
except that of judge of the supreme or circuit court, given
by the General Assembly or the people, shall be void."
This does not relate to qualification at all; for
if it were the only provision upon the subject in
the constitution, a judge might hold the office of
Senator by executive appointment. The dis-
tinction will appear on a comparison of the third
article, section seventh, in the same constitution:
" No person elected to the General Assembly shall receive
any civil appointment within this State, or to the Senate of
the United states, from the Governor, the Governoi and
Senate, or from the General Assembly, during the term for
which he shall have been elected; and all such appoint-
ments, and all votes given for any such member, lor any
such office 01 appointment, shall be void."
It thus appears that a member of the General
Assembly cannot be made a Senator in Congress
either by election or appointment. But in the
case of a judge, although disqualified to hold the
senatorial office, an appointment by the Executive
of the State would be voidable rather than abso-
lutely void, whereas an election to the office by
the General Assembly is declared to be a void
act. The " votes" given for him (so the consti-
tution declares) shall not be counted; they shall
be treated as blanks, or as no votes at all.
The purpose, I submit, is obvious: it is to
secure the members of the General Assembly
from the influence of judicial officers. Most of
those members are generally practitioners at the
bar, and all of them may bo suitors. In the
States where (as in Illinois) judges are elected by
the people, and for limited terms, it has been
found necessary to remove them, by some pro-
vision or other, from all connection with political
affairs, and to prevent them especially from exer-
cising the judicial office with a view to their polit-
ical preferment. Virginia has provided in her
constitution that no election of judges shall be
within thirty days of a presidential, congres-
sional, or legislative election; and all the States,
nearly, have disqualified their judges from holding
another office under the State government, and
some have vacated the commission of a judge
immediately on his acceptance of an office under
the Federal Government. Missouri has gone
further, even, than this: her constitution de-
clares:
"If any judge shall otfrr or consent to be a candidate
for any office under the Government of the United States,
such offer or consent shall be taken and considered a vol-
untary resignation of his office."
It is not so much with a view to tho independence
of thejudiciary, therefore, as to the protection of
the members of the Legislature from the power
and influence of the judicial office, when exercised
by a senatorial aspirant, that this prohibition was
inserted in the constitution of Illinois. Such
power and influence could not be exerted, to the
same pernicious degree, upon the Governor of
the State; and hence the difference between the
seventh section of the third article and tho tenth
section of the fifth article.
We come, therefore, to the question, how far
the "manner" of electing Senators in Congress
can be prescribed by a State constitution!
Now, Mr. President, it is certainly true that
the fourth section of the first article in the Fed-
eral Constitution does reserve to the " Legisla-
ture" of each State the power to prescribe " the
times, places, and manner of holding elections"
for Senators and Representatives; and that it
reserves to Congress the power, "bylaw," to
make or alter such regulations, at any time, ex-
1 cept as to the places of choosing Senators. In
I respect of the latter provision, however, we may
rest assured, from cotemporaneous expositions,
I as well as from the established usage of sixty-six
i years, that it was only intended to secure the
' Government of the Union against any wanton
; neglect, or designed omission, on the part of the
States, to make the necessary " regulations" for
a choice of Senators and Representatives. I say,
■ sir, the established usage—because Congress never
J has passed any law to prescribe the times or the
j manner of holding elections for Senators, or even
; the times or the places of holding elections for
' Representatives. An attempt was made, some
fourteen years since, to prescribe the " manner"
of electing Representatives—that they should
be chosen, namely, in single districts. But this
