2150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 15,
ery be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to pay to
William Hunter, chief clerk of the DepaumeiU of State,
the sum of $1 .-^4 o'3, that amount being the dilFeiencc be-
tween tiio compensation he received as chief cleik and
assistant secretary of said Department, and that of Secre-
taiy of State, foi the period of one hundred and sixteen days,
duiing which he tilled the s-uul office of Secretary of State
under the appointment of the President of the United States,
and m full for said services-
Mr. BROWN. I do not rise to oppose this
amendment, but I want it to be noticed that it is
a private claim.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
so decidcs.
Mr. CLAYTON. It is reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The PRESTlJENT pro tempore. It is a private
claim under the rufc, and cannot be received
except by an order of the Senate.
Mr. CLAYTON. I appeal to my friend from
Mississippi not to object.
Mr. BROWN. I only want to say this: when
the claim of a State comes here, it is ruled out.
I think a State is of quite as much dignity as a
clerk in the State Department.
Mr. TOOMBS. I insist on the decision of the
Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro trmparr. It is clearly
a private claim, in the opinion of die Chair.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 desire to take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair. I think it is not
a private claim.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I offer the following
amendment from the Committee on Torritones,
as a new section:
•And be it further cuartcd, That there i.s hereby appio-
priated $10,000 for tiie puipose of tooiing, pla^teuiur, and
prepatnig toi Icui.-dalivo and t-'mfoii.ti pin pos-ci (lie Capitol
building at Omaha City, m Nebraska Teintory, to he ex-
pended undei the direction of the Governor of said Tei-
ntoiy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 have been directed by the
Committee on tlie Library, to whom the subject
lias been referred, to offer this amendment in'the
shape of a separate section:
Jlnil In'it further cn<tdcd, That the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and Clctk ol the House of Representatives aie hereby
chteeted to continue the < otMpdalion ol the congiosvaonih
document published by Coiurte'-s, undet the name of
"Amenean State I'.tpi i-,'' in the ^iiiie mannei and loim
as the lii^tsriies tlieieof; and the Joint lubtaiv Committee
JUv heiehy diluted to eonti.iet with ;iie publi-hei ol the
f'ttst series of the State Papers for one lhnti-:,md eopie> of
the said compilation, at a pnee not exceeding the puce pei
volume paid foi the \ohune-* ol the fnM > , and («> div
trilmte a copy of the entue work to eaefi Senatoi, .Member,
and Delegate of the potent Con^re^*; and deposit si.xly
copies in the State Deprutmeiit tor its own u -e, and tor
oxehttti^e with foi eii'ti <j!owi ninents ; and thiee bundled
copies in the l)"p;utinent of the lutcnoi, to he di-tubuted,
by tiie Seeietat.v of .said 1 >epat tment. Io public libi.u tes in
the s< \ei<tl States and Temtoue- of Un; Union , and the
residue ol the one thousand copies shall lie held in the cus-
tody of the litbranan of Congress*, subject to us future
dueetion.
This subject wan brought to the attention of
the Committee on the Library by n resolution
submitted by the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. C\ss.j The original compilation of
State Papery was brought up, 1 think, to the year
38-25; so that from that year to the present time,
a period of ihirty-one ycais. we have no com-
pendious collee'ion of these important papers.
They are scattered through a series of volumes
of executive and legislative papets, mimbe mg
several hundred, not convenient of act ess, not
arranged rationally according to the subjects or
chronologically, not separated properly, nor in-
dexed separately, but in avast bulk of some four
hundred vol mil < s. Ev«*ry on^ who desires these
necessary aids to the rformaneo of his legisla-
tive duties most <>{' emirse desire to have them
in timtfoimm wlueu they are most convenient
and accessible.
Hut there is an additional reason for this meas-
ure. We have had numerous memorials pre-
sented to us f'om vanous public institutions,
desinng very nn^h tt> bi; furnished with public
documents. In the oidiruiry documents of tile
session, them are a \ost number of paoeis of no
u-^" to anybody but the FSouse in which the busi-
ness is tran^yitcd, tc> which they relate. These
papers containing all that is important, if made
on thy plan of ihu foimw compilation, will sun-
ply the wants of those who are so urgently making
these requests.
I beg leave to say, in conclusion, that the
Library Committee have not, in this instance,
departed from the rule which they have laid down
generally in regard to the publication of books.
The principle which they have adopted is, that
the Govern mentis not only justifiable, but entirely
right in publishing such papers as relate directly
to the affairs of Government. To these may be
added such papers as reflect light on our history,
or are of some special importance in the consid-
eration of great questions. These books will
accomplish both purposes. They will give us a
knowledge of our legislative history which no
one can obtain except by access to these papers.
They will throw light on many of the great ques-
tions which must continue to be discussed here;
and they will answer the public demand, which
has been pressed so urgently on us. It is, there-
fore, no violation of the principle which the
Library Committee has adopted.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 will inquire whether the
printing of the proposed work is to goon as soon
as we adjourn; and if so, where is the printing to
be done ?
Mr. PEARCE. I really do not know. If we
contract with the former publishers they will do
it wherever they please—I suppose in their office
in this city.
Mr. KRODHEAD. I understand, then, that
the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
House are to make a contract for this publica-
tion. I suppose it will involve an expenditure of
three or four hundred thousand dollars. At the
commencement of tins session the expense of
printing was regarded as enormous, and we ail
agreed not to print any more books at public
expense. The Committee on Public Printing
exhibited to the .Senate an annual expenditure of
amilhon and n half of money for these purposes;
so that we were becoming a vast book manu-
facturing establishment. All the governmental
papers are published m many works. All the
messages of the President of value are published
and republished. They are m all the libraries of
the country. 1 cannot regard this proposition
with favor. 1 have a distaste to continuing this
book publishing business.
Mr. CASS, 1 consider this a very useful and
j almost indispensable work to members of Con-
j gross, and, therefore, one for which an appropri-
I ation ought to be made. You call it a book, and
j so it is, but it is a legislative document, indispens-
' ably necessary to members. Nobody objects to
the printing of bills—nobody objects to the print-
ing of what is necessary to put subjects before
us for our own uUion; and this is one of the most
necessary docum< nts we can have. The honor-
able Senator from Maryland has well described
it. It is impossible to get at the information
which is necessary m our legislative duties, with-
out having some compendium or abstract of this
kind, unless members are willing to devote an
unconscionable amount of time to the examina-
tion of questions.
Mr. IJENJAMIN. The necessity for the con-
tinuation of the&e works has been forcibly im-
pressed on my mind m the discharge of my duties
us a member of the Committee on Private Land
Claims. Repeated instances have in that occurred
in committee, where the former action of the
Government on matters of exceeding importance
to the nation at large ha\e required investiga-
tion, and that investigation has been almost im-
possible, by reason of the mass of volumes
through which the documentary history of the
country is spread. There is now pending before
the committee (and it will be my duty m the
course of the evening, or to-morrow, to ask the
Senate for permission to retain my clerk during
the recess) a claim for a tract of land, which is
stated to belong to a private individual, derived
from the Hudson's Bay Company,extending over
an area of territory sufficient, to make two or three
States of the Union. In the examination of that
claim, it has become necessary to examine the
early diplomatic history of the'Government, the
ooirespondenco which took place at the time of
our early treaties with Gseat Britain and France,
and evfii to go much further back, and examine
into the origin of oar title to tha Northwestern
Territory. In examming this subject, which is
one of great labor, 1 have found it almost impos-
sible to get at the facts, in consequence of the in-
sufficiency of the publications of the State Papers.
A large number of reports have been made and
acts passed, and disposition made of portions of
the public lands by different Congresses since
1825. We have constantly before us private land
claims ^we have constantly before us applications
for some change of the laws of the country in
relation to lands. We cannot find the necessary
information for the purpose of guiding the action
of the committee, or laying it before the Senate,
because, as I stated before, and as the Senator
from Maryland stated at first, we have to look
over six or •seven hundred volumes. You will
find many volumes scattered on the shelves in
this room of what the Senate alone has done,
without reference to the action of the Depart-
ments, and the action of the committees of the
House.
These documents are indispensable to the
transaction of the legislative business of the
country. They are not a printing job. We all
know how rare and valuable the former volumes
-have become. 1 have one set of them, and 1
know that no money could buy them from me;
because J could not spare them in the discharge
of my legislative duties. I know that gentlemen
who want duplicate sets are required to pay-
enormous sums for them. This fact shows their
great value. This mass of matter can in noway
be gathered so conveniently together as by the
executive officers of the two Houses of Congress.
I trust there will be no objection to this. The
collection of the information is indispensable, and
the longer we go without it the more urgent
becomes the necessity.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment from the Committee on Military Affairs:
•find be it further cnaitcd* That the Secretary of War be
directed to examine into the amount of expends nocessa-
lilv mciured m the suppression of Indian hostilities m the
late jndian war m Oiejfon and Washington by tiie territo-
rial governments of &aid Territories, for the maintenance
of the volunteer force enjjnged in «aid war, including the
pay of volunteer'?; and that he may, if m his judgment it be
neee.-saiy, duect a commission to" proceed and ascertain,
and i opoi t to linn for payment, all expenses incurred for the
purposes above specified.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
agree to modify the amendment by striking out
the words " for payment?" It is not proper to
say these moneys shall be paid on the report. If
the honorable Senator will strike out the words
" for payment," I think it will answer all his pur-
poses.
Mr. WELLER. I do not know whether that
will materially change it. The Committee on
Military Affairs have reported a bill at this ses-
sion providing for the payment of the claims
growingout of the Washington and Oregon wars.
Seeing no hope of its passage at this session, I am
induced to put the proposition in this form, so
that the Secretary of War will be able, if he sees
proper, to send a commission to Oregon and
Washington, in order to ascertain the precise
amount of expense incurred bv those two Terri-
tories in the prosecution of Indian hostilities.
Mr. SEWARD. I cjuite agree to that; but
there is some obscurity in the transactions there.
I should like to guard against a committal to pay-
ment. I move to strike out the words " for pay-
ment."
Mr. WELLER. I do not know that that will
change the character of it. Of course tlicy will
ultimately have to be paid. Whenever it has
been ascertained what amount has been expended
by those Territories in the suppression of Indian
hostilities, it must be refunded by the Federal
Treasury. I have no objection to the alteration.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment which was attached to the civil and diplo-
matic bill of last year. It was reported then from
the Committee on Finance, and lost in the com-
mittee of conference:
i^EO. —. jind he il further enacted, That in the settle-
ment of the accounts of the late United ritutes attorney,
the late marshal, and the elerk of the Unit.-d States dis-
tnct court of the northern district of California, the whole
or ajtinejratc amount of tees, compensation, and emolu-
ments, nt the rate'? pi escribed for ^aul officer.- severally,
in the Vceorid, eighth, and ninth sections of the act of Cou-
gie:^. chapter eighty-six, approved September 528, JBoO,
bhiili'be allowed and paid j-evciaily lot the s-e vices ren-
d.ncd by them le-pectively, puor to the 0<3fh dis} of Feb-
ruary, 1833, as taxed b\ the jud.ic of the fed id couit.
