1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Sumner.
Senate.
please. The sovereisn power to govern themselves was in
the majority, and they could not be divested of it."—Ibid.,
p 1036.
Mr. Buchanan vied with Mr. Benton in vindi-
cating the new State:
<< Hie precedent in the case of Tennessee has com-
pletely silenced all opposition in regard to the necessity of
a previous act of Congress to enable the people of Michi-
gan to form a State Constitution. It now seems to be con-
reded that our subsequent approbation is equivalent to our
previous action. This can no longer be doubted. Wehave
the unquestionable power of waiving any irregularities in the
mode of framing the Constitution, had any such existed."—
Ibid., p. 1041.
" He did hope that by this bill all objections would be
removed; and that this Slate, so ready to rush into our
arms, would not be repulsed, because of the absence of some
formalities which, perhaps were very proper, but certainly
not indispensable."—Ibid., p. 1015.
After an animated contest in the Senate, the
Bill for the admission of Michigan, on her assent
to certain conditions, was passed, by 23 yeas to 8
nays. But you find weight, as well as numbers,
on the side of the new State. Among the yeas
were Thomas H. Benton of Missouri, James
Buchanan of Pennsylvania, Silas Wright of New
York, W. R. King of Alabama (Cong. Globe,
Vol. 3, p. 276, 1st session 24th Cong.) Subse-
' quently, on motion of Mr. Buchanan, the two
gentlemen sent as Senators by the new State
received the regular compensation for attendance
throughout the very session in which their seats
had been so acrimoniously assailed. (Ibid., p.
448.)
In the House of Representatives, the applica-
tion was equally successful. The Committee on
the Judiciary, in an elaborate report, reviewed
the objections, and, among other things, said:
" That the people of Michigan have, without due author-
ity, formed a State Government, but, nevertheless, that
Congress has power to waive any objection which might, on
that account, be entertained, to the ratification of the Con-
stitution which they have adopted, and to admit their Sen-
ators and Representatives to take their seats in the Congress
of the United States."—Ex. Doc., l«t sess. 34tA Cong., Vol.
8, No. 380.
The House sustained this view by a vote of 153
yeas to 45 nays. In this large majority, by which
the title of Michigan was then recognized, will be
found the name of Franklin Pierce, at that time a
Representative from New Hampshire.
But the case was not ended. The fiercest trial
and the greatest irregularity remained. The Act
providing for the admission of the new State
contained a^modification of its boundaries, and
proceeded to require, as a fundamental condition,
that these should " receive the assent of a con-
vention of delegates, elected by the people of the
said State, for the sole purpose of jjiving the as-
sent herein required." (Statutes at Large, Vol. 5,
p. 50, Act of June 5,1836.) Such a Convention,
duly elected under a call from the Legislature,
met in pursuance of law, and, after consideration,
declined to come into the Union on the condition
proposed. But the action of this Convention
was not universally satisfactory; and in order to
effect an admission into the Union,another Con-
vention was called professedly by the people, in
their sovereign capacity, without any authority
from State or Territorial Legislature; nay, sir,
according to the language of the present Pres-
ident, " against authorities duly constituted by
Act of Congress;" at least as much as the recent
Convention in Kansas. The irregularity of this
Convention was increased by the circumstance,
that two of the oldest counties of the State com-
prising a population of some twenty-five thou-
sand, souls, refused to take any part in it, even to
the extent of not opening the polls for the election
of delegates, claiming that it was held without
warrant of law, and in defiance of the legal Con-
vention. This popular Convention, though want-
ing a popular support coextensive with the State,
yet proceeded, by formal act, to give the assent
of tne people of Michigan to the fundamental
condition proposed by Congress.
The proceedings of the two Conventions were
transmitted to President Jackson, who, by mes-
ssge, dated 27th December, 1836, laid them both
before Congress, indicating very clearly his de-
sire to ascertain the will of the people, without
regard to form. The origin of the popular Con-
vention he thus describes:
"This Convention was not held or elected by virtue of
any act of the Territorial or State Legislature. It originated
from the People themselves, and was chosen by them
; in pursuance of resolutions adopted in primary assemblies
I held in the respective counties."—Sen. Doc., 2d sess. 24fA
: Cong., Vol. 1, No. 36.
j And he then declares that, had these proceedings
come to him during the recess of Congress, he
, should have felt it his duty, on being satisfied
' that they emanated from a Convention of dele-
! gates elected in point of fact by the People of the
I St ate, to issue his proclamation for the admission
' of the State.
j j The Committee on the Judiciary in the Senate,
j: of which Felix Grundy was Chairman,after in-
! quiry, recognized the competency of the popular
; Convention, as " elected by the People of the 1
! State of Michigan," and reported a Bill,respon- |
I sive to tB6ir assent of the proposed condition, for :
the admission of the State without further condi-
I tion. (Statutes at Large, Vol. 5, p. 144, Act of
! 26th Jan., 1837.) Then, sir, appeared the very
i' objections which are now directed against Kansas.
It was complained that the movement for irame- !
diate admission was the work of a " minority,"
and that " a great majority of the State feel other-
wise." (Sen. Doc., 2d sess. 24th Cong., Vol. 1,
No. 37.) And a leading Senator, of great ability
and integrity, Mr. Ewing, of Ohio, broke forth
in a catechism which would do for the present
hour. He exclaimed:
" What evidence had the Senate of the organization of
the Convention ? Of the organization of the popular as-
semblies who appointed their delegates to that Convention?
None on earth. Who they were that met and voted, we
had no information. Who gave the notice ? And for what
did the People receive the notice ? To meet and elect ?
What evidence was there that tne Convention acted accord-
ing to law ? Were the delegates sworn ? And, if so, they
were extra-judicial oaths, and not binding upon them. Were
the votes counted ? In fact, it was not a proceeding under
I the forms of the law, for they were totally disregarded."—
II Cong. Globe, 2d sess., 24th Cong., Pot, 4, p. 60.
And the same able Senator, on another occasion,
after exposing the imperfect evidence with regard
to the action of the Convention, existing only in
letters and in an article from a Detroit newspaper,
again exclaimed: i
" This, sir, is the evidence to support an organic law of
a new State about to enter into the Union? Yes, of an
organic law, the very highest act a community of men can
perform. Letters referring to other letters and a scrap of a
newspaper."— Cong. Debates, Vol. 13, part I., p. 233.
It was Mr. Calhoun, however, who pressed the
opposition with the most persevering intensity.
In his sight, the admission of Michigan, under
the circumstances, " would be the most monstrous
proceeding under our Constitution that can be
conceived, the most repugnant to its principles,
and dangerous in its consequences." (Cong. De-
bates, Vol. 13, p. 210.) " There is not," he ex-
claimed, " one particle of official evidence before
us. We have nothing but the private letters of
individuals, who do not know even the numbers
that voted 9n either occasion. They know nothing
of the qualifications of voters, nor now their votes
were received, nor by whom counted." (Ibid.)1
And he proceeded to characterize the popular !
Convention as " notonly a party caucus, for party j
purpose, but a criminal meeting—a meeting to
subvert the authority of the State and to assume
its sovereignty"—adding " that the actors in that
meeting might be indicted, tried, and punished"
—and he expressed astonishment that " a self-
created meeting, convened for a criminal object,
had dared to present to this Government an act
of theirs, and to expect that we are to receive this
irregular and criminal act as a fullfillment of the
condition which we had presented for the admis-
sion of the State !" (Ibid., p. 299.) No stronger
words have been employed against Kansas.
But the single question on which all the pro-
ceedings then hinged, and which is as pertinent
in the case of Kansas as in the' case of Michigan,
was thus put by Mr. Morris, of Ohio—(Ibid,
p. 215)—" Will Congress recognize as valid, consti-
tutional, and obligatory, without the color of a law
of Michigan to sustain it, an act done by the People
of that State In their primary asse7nblies, and ac-
■ knowledge that Oct as obligatory on the constituted
' authorities and Legislature of the State?" This
! question, thus distinctly presented, was answered
in debate by able Senators, among whom were
Mr. Benton and Mr. King. But there was one
person, who has since enjoyed much public con-
fidence, and has left many memorials of an indus-
trious career in the Senate and in diplomatic life,
James Buchanan, who rendered himself conspicu-
ous by the ability and ardor with which, against all
assaults, he upheld the cause of tho popular Con-
vention, which was so strongly denounced, and
the entire conformity of its proceedings with the
genius of American Institutions. His speeches on
that occasion contain an unanswerable argument,
at all points,mutato nomine, for the immediate ad-
mission of Kansas under herpresent Constitution;
nor is there anything by which he is now distin-
guished than will redound so truly to his fame—
if he only continues true to them. But the ques-
tion was emphatically answered in the Senate by
the final vote on the passage of the Bill, where
we find twenty-five yeas to only ten nays. In the
House of Representatives, after debate, the ques-
tion was answered in the same way, by a vote of
one hundred and forty-eight yeas to fifty-eight
nays; and among the yeas is again the name of
Franklin Pierce, a Representative from New
Hampshire.
Thus, in that day, by such triumphant votes,
did the cause of Kansas prevail in the name of
Michigan. A popular Convention—called abso-
lutely without authority, and containing delegates
from a portion only of the population—called,
too, in opposition to constituted authorities, and
in derogation of another Convention assembled
under the forms of law—stigmatized as a caucus
and a criminal meeting, whose authors were liable
to indictment, trial, and punishment—was, after
ample debate, recognized by Congress as valid,
and Michigan now holds her place in the Union,
and her Senators sit on this door, by virtue of
that act. Sir, if Michigan is legitimate, Kansas
cannot be illegitimate. You bastardize Michigan
when you refuse to recognize Kansas.
But this is not all. The precedent is still more
clinching. Thus far I have followed exclusively
the public documents laid before Congress, and
illustrated by the debates of that body: but well-
authenticated facts, not of record here, make the
case stronger still. It is sometimes said that the
proceedings in Kansas are defective, because they
originated in a party. This is not true; but even
if it were true, then would they still find support
in the example of Michigan, where all the pro-
ceedinga, stretching through successive years,
began and ended in party. The proposed State
Government was pressed by the Democrats as a
party test; and all who did not embark in it were
denounced. Of the Legislative Council, which
called the first Constitutional Convention in 1835,
all were Democrats; and in the Convention itself,
composed of eighty-Seven members, only seven
were Whigs. The Convention of 1836, which
gave the final assent, originated in a Democratic
Convention on the 29th October, in the county of
Wayne, composed of one hundred and twenty-
four delegates, all Democrats, who preceeded to
resolve— * "
" That the delegates of the Democratic party of Wayne,
solemnly impressed with the spreading evils and dangers
which a refusal to go into the Union has brought upon the
people of Michigan, earnestly recommend meetings to be
immediately convened by their fellow-citizens in every
county of the State, with a view to the expression of their
sentiments in faror of the election and call of another Con-
vention, in time to secure our admission into the Union be-
fore the first of January next."
Shortly afterwards, a committee of five, ap-
pointed by this Convention, all leading Demo-
crats, issued a circular, " under the authority of
the delegates of the county of Wayne," recom-
mending that the voters throughout Michigan
should meet and elect delegates to a Convention
to give the necessary assent to the Act of Con-
gress. In pursuance of this call, the Convention
met; and, as it originated in an exclusively party
recommendation, so it was of an exclusively party
character. And it was the action of this Con-
vention that was submitted to Congress, and,
after discussion in both bodies, on solemn votes,
approved.
But the precedent of Michigan has another
feature, which is entitled to the gravest attention,
especially at this moment, when citizens engaged
in. the effort to establish a State Governrrtent in
Kansas are openly arrested on the charge of
treason, and we are startled by tidings of the
maddest efforts to press this procedure of pre-
posterous Tyranny. No such madness prevailed
under Andrew Jackson; although, during the long
pendency of the Michigan proceedings, for more
