1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2Ui
Mr. TOOMBS. I rise to a point of order.
Thai is precisely within the rule. It is to settle
the private accounts of certain officers, and is
nothing but a private claim.
Mr. WELLER. The question of order was
raised a year ago; but it came then from the
Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of the impression that the amendment is for the
benefit of the individual persons named in it, and
is excluded by the rule.
Mr. WELLER. The amendment,* as 1 said
before, was placed upon the civil and diplomatic
bill by the Finance Committee of the Senate last
year.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will subniit the question to the Senate if the Sen-
ator desires it.
Mr. WELLER. Not on an appeal; but I de-
sire the question submitted to the Senate whether
it is proper to be added to the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I submit that the point can-
not come before the Senate except on an appeal.
The amendment may have gone on last year,
and may have prevailed. With the known strin-
gency of my friend from Virginia, he can do a
great many things. Some men cannot jump over
the fence, while another may steal a horse, without
suspicion. That is very much the case with him
in the management of these matters. I raise the
point of order, and ask for the judgment of the
Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that tins is a private claim.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then the question must be
taken on the appeal.
Mr. WELLER. The usual practice has been
to submit the question to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. When the
Chair entertains doubt, that has been the practice
of the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. It has been understood that
the rule was not to be so particularly enforced on
this bill as on some others, as it is generally
known to be a miscellaneous bill, 01 an omnibus
bill. 'I understood the Senate were to be allowed
to add to this bill whatever, in their judgment,
was right and necessary. That is oil I desire.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senator from Califor-
nia, if he appeals from the judgment of the Chair.
The PKESIDENT pro tempore. This is an
appropriation bill, and the 30th rule is applicable
to it.
Mr. WELLER. It is a general appropriation
bill, no doubt.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator appeal from the decision ?
Mr. WELLER. I take an appeal.
Mr. PCICtH. It seems to me, with due sub-
mission, that the Cluur overlooked a very import-
ant distinction. This is in relation*to the pay
of officers, a class of persons; and it cau no more
be said to be a private claim, in my judgment,
than the clause offered by the Senator from Rhode
Island to pay a certain class of clerks in the Patent
Office. We have, within half an hour, passed an
amendment, relative to the payment of clerks in
the Patent Office, going back to the year 1854.
That was not objected to; that was not said to be
a private claim. 'This is an amendment directing
that the compensation of certain officers shall be
computed according to a given standard. I think
the compensation was erroneously computed ac-
cording to a different standard.
Mr. BIGGS. I understand there is another
objection to it. 1 do not understand that the Sen-
atoi fiom California has moved the amendment
from any committee, but it is a motion made by
him, as an amendment to the bill, on his own
individual responsibility.
The PR.ESIDENT pro tempore. A standing
committee have no right to recommend an amend-
ment which provides for a private claim.
Mr. BIGGS. I understand that; but I say it
is an additional objection to tins amendment, that
it does not come from any committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate:"
The decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment was not received.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to submit another
amendment:
tdn& be itJvrihcr cnacted} That there be paul to the Uni-
ted States attorney for the southern district of California,
the Mune compensation ae \va-; paid to the United State-,
attorney for the northern district of that State, by an act
appioved March 3, 1855, for extra seivice in appeals fiom
the land commissioner, to dbcerldm and settle the puvdte
land claims in California.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that for the same
reason; it is a private claim. If you look to it,
there has never been such an act passed by the
Senate as that for compensation to the district
attorney of the northern district. It is most out-
rageous, and it is more than the compensation of
the judge in California. I think it amounted, in
perquisites and compensation to the clerks, to not
less than twenty thousand dollars. I make the
objection to this amendment in limine. We can-
not investigate it. It is a private claim of the
district attorney of the southern district of Cal-
ifornia.
Mr. BUTLER. I have not interposed in these
matters. According to the general course of
business, if anything goes to a committee it
should be a measure of this kind. This has never
gone to the committee; but if it had gone to the
Judicial y Committee, I believe it would not have
been recommended, though I do not know
whether it would have been recommended or not.
But, sir, if you can, with this conveniency, gut
up measures at this tune of the session, which
have not gone through the process of examina-
tion by committees, there is no responsibility in
this body for your legislation.
Mr. WELLER. It is somewhat remarkable
my friend from Georgia should have discovered
at last that this amendment is out of order. One
year ago the district attorney for the northern
district of California came here asking for addi-
tional compensation, in consideration of the addi-
tional labor imposed on him by the land cases
thrown into the district court. The district at-
torney in the northern district happened to be a
gentleman who had a great many personal friends
and a very extensive influence m both branches
of Congress, from the fact that he had been a
member of the House fiom the State of Alabama.
He made his application to the Committee on
Finance. He was personally known to the mem-
bers of that committee. All my southern friends
here knew him well. They inserted in the civil
and diplomatic bill an appropriation allowing
him §10,000 for his services in the land cases.
Now i present the claim of the district attorney
of the southern district, who has passed upon
three times the number of claims that were passed
upon in the northern district—who has performed
three times the amount of labor, and the Senator
from Georgia says it is unjust.
Now, 1 submit to the Senate whether, after
you have passed, a year ago, in the civil and dip-
lomatic bill, an appropriation for the services of a
district attorney who has not performed one third
of the labor of a southern district attorney, it
would be just to reject this claim now? I ask the
Senator from Georgia, after he has established his
precedent, after he has rewarded his southern
friend who came here with that immense influ-
ence, and the personal acquaintance of nearly
every Senator, whether it would be proper now
to reject the application of the district attorney
for the southern district, who does not happen to
be so favorably situated ?
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 wish to say one word in re-
ply. 1 believed that was wrong then. I opposed
it. It was one of those midnight precedents that
ought not to stand a moment, and I oppose this
foi the same reason I did that. I denounced that
at the tune. Ilere we have got this precedent.
We have been*here seven months. It was easy
to put this under the in\ estimation of a committee,
when the whole facts could be ascertained. This
is not the only case founded on that precedent.
1 understand from my fuend fiom Ohio that there
is an application from Michigan for exlra services
m timber cases. One bad precedent is to be
brought up again at midnight, and not by the
consent of a committer ; for these irregular com-
pensations would not be considered a moment if
the Senate understood the facts of the case. If
it is to be made a precedent, 1 say here, that his
locality had nothing to do with it. it certainly
had no weight with me, for I opposed it, and I
oppose this.
Mr. WELLER. It was not referred to ihe
Committee on Finance simply because 1 supposed
there would be some lunfoiunty in the action of
the Senate and the committee, and that it was
unnecessary to refer the question to the Commit-
tee on Finance, when they had a year ago estab-
lished the precedent. If, a year ago, they allowed
extra compensation to the district attorney of
the northern district in consequence of extra ser-
vices, the same principle will apply to the south-
ern district. That was the reason why, in my
judgment, it was wholly unnecessary to refer it
to the Committee on Finance. I submit to the
Senate whether thoy will deal unjustly with this
public officer after they have been thus liberal to
the district attorney of the northern district.
Mr. BIGGS. I think this discussion is out of
order; and the point I raise is, that the 30th rule
provides that no amendment to an appropriation
bill shall be received unless it comes from a stand-
ing committee. I do not understand this as com-
ing from a standing committee, independent of
its being; a private claim.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A standing
committee has no right to move an amendment
to an appropriation bill which is a private claim.
Mr. BIGGS, it does not even come from a
standing committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
under the impression that this is a private claim,
and is excluded by the 30th rule.
Mr. MASON. I desire to offer an amendment
as an independent section:
Jlnd lc if fuithcr cnacfed, That the Secretary of State
be, and In* i- hoieby, mstiueied to cause to be compiled and
punted mi tho u-eo( Concur, in a mlumo, or volumes,
sub^t.mtialiy bound, all treaties now existing between the
United States and toieign couutnes, with au index to each
treaty, and s-ueh fuithcr index showing, as far as piaetiea-
ble, the differences between enisling treaties on like sub-
jects, and with such notes! explanatory as the Secretary of
State may due< t; and that foui'thousand copies be printed,
live hundred of which shall be for the use of the Depart-
ment ot State.
They will not be comprised in more than two
volumes. We have had, I think, sufficient ex-
perience at this session to show that it is import-
ant to have these treaties in such form that we
can have access to them.
Mr. BU.OD11EA D. It seems to me there are
two decisive objections to this proposition. The
first is, that it contains no appropriation to exe-
cute the work. The second is, that we have
the treaties already printed. We have Little &
Brown's Statutes at Large, which contain all the
treaties, and now we are to publish them over
again.
Mr. MASON. I think it was said by one of
the sultans of the East, that the burning of the
library at Alexandria was no loss, because, if it
contained anything but the Koran, there was a
vast deal of learning that would be prejudicial to
mankind; and if it contained the Koran only, that
was in everybody's hands in the East. Now, the
Senator from Pennsylvania may have the means
of access to these treaties, whichl believe no other
Senator has. They are distributed through nine
or ten volumes of the laws, with the addition of
the statutes that aie published fiom time to time;
and I say again, I have had—whatever that Sen-
ator may have hail—sufficient experience at this
session to be satisfied that we want ready access
to treaties to be able to understand them.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey._ Will these
volumes be printed by the public printer r
Mr. MASON. They will be printed under the
direction of the Secretary of State. I do not know
by whom, and 1 do not care.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to ask the Senator
from Virginia whether this amendment is re-
ported from a committee?
Mr. MASON. No, sir.
Mr. WELLER. In the next place, I desire
to know out of what fuiyis the publication of this
book is to be paid for? The amendment contains
no appropriation, 1 believe. 1 desire to know,
when we order the book to be published, how it
is to be paid for? whether we aie to be forced
hereafter to make an appropriation for the pur-
pose of defraying the expense of publishing this
book: in the next place, I should like to know
the probable cost of this publication, before I
engagi m it. If the Senator has that information,
and will out me jn possession of the facts, the
case will be more satisfactory than it is now.
Mr. MASON. 1 understand thy t, by the Con-
stitution cf the United States, wiih which I know
the Senator from California ib familiar, no money
can be paid from the Treasury without a previous
