1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1277
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, it
was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers m the case^of R. A.
Clements, administrator of J. N. Mullican, for reference to
the Court of Claims.
UNITED STATES COURTS, DELAWARE.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to put upon its passage a
Senate bill, Wo. 232. It is merely to change the
place of holding the United States courts in
Delaware. It is a bill in which my friend from
Delaware [Mr. Cbllen] is interested. I will
state to the House that in the little State of Dela-
ware the courts of the United States are held in
New Castle, Dover, and Wilmington. A house
has been built for their accommodation at Wil-
mington, and they have to pay rent at the other
places. This bill will obviate the necessity of
paying rent, and will collect the judicial records
at one spot, and it has no other object or intent.
Mr. MEACHAM. I object.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. For what cause?
Mr. MEACHAM. Because I want to have
bills taken up in their order.
bELAWARE BREAKWATER.
Mr. TYSON. I ask leave to introduce a bill
to continue the Delaware breakwater, Delaware.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
" ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL CLOSE OP
DEBATE.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Befqrc making a
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, I offer the usual resolution
to terminate debate on next Tuesday on House
bill (No. 153) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending 30th June,
1857.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I nrurre to
amend the resolution by inserting " two weeks
from Tuesday next."
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope my resolution will
prevail.
Mr WASHBUPtN. There will be no time to
debate it between this and Tuesday next.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I was going to |
propose to terminate debate in ten days, but I i
think it better to close it to-morrow, at three
o'clock, so as to pass the bill; for it is very prob-
able there will be no quorum here next week.
Mr. WASHBURN. I withdraw my proposi-
tion to amend, and move to lay on the table the
resolution closing debate.
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albugllt, Alli-on, Baibour, Ilenrv Ben-
nett, Benson, Bliss, Bocock. Ci'idha'.v. Bronton, Buffiuton,
Burlin<rame, Co!fa\. Comms, Cox, Ciasm, Cullen, Cum-
back, Timothy Davis, Diek. Dickson, Dodd, Bmne, Flagler,
Galloway, Gilbert, Gianger, Glow, Harlan, Ilollcmay, ,
Thomas'R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Knapp, Knmlit,
Knowlton, Kunkcl, Letcher, Mace, Alexander K. Mar-
shall, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Meacham, Killian
Miller, Moigan, Mornll. Muiray, Parker, Pelton, Perry,
Pettit, Prmgie, Puiviance, Ritchie, Roberts, Sabm, San-
didge, Sapp, Scott, Simmons, Stanton, Stranahan, Thor-
m2tO!i. Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Valk, Wade,
Walbtidge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Woodruff, and YVoodivorth—
75.
NAYS —Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Billinghurst, Bowie.
Branch. Biootn, Burnett, Cadwalader. James II. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Caskie, Chaffee, Clingman, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Uraige, Crawi'oid, Denver, Dowdell, Dujfee,
English, Florence, Foster,Creenwood, Sarrjp=on W. XJnri is,
Haven, George W. Jones, J. Glancy jones, Kelly, Lump-
kin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Million,
Andrew Oliver. Oir, Paine, Phelps, Puryeai, Ueade. Rich-
ardson, Rivers, Euffin, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stewait,
Taylor, Underwood, Vail, Walker, Warner, Watkms, Wil-
liams, Winslow, and Daniel B. Wright—54.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Grow in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of House bill (No. 153) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for the j
year ending 30th June, 1857," the pending ques- -
tion being on the amendment of Mr. Evans to
strike out the first section.
Mr. BLISS addressed the House on the Kan-
sas and slavery questions; a report of his speech
will be bound in the Appendix. Mr. B. having
concluded,
Mr. BARKSDALE obtained the floor, but
yielded it to
Mr. BOCOCK,\vho moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Phelps having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Grow reported that the Committee of the "Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the Army appropria-
tion bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. BOCOCXC, (at ten
minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 29, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed abill (H.
R. No. 31) granting public lands in alternate sec-
tions to the State of Alabama to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State; which,
on motion of Mr. Fjtzpatrick, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a memorial of
citizens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying for
the establishment of a post road from the western
border of Missouri to the eastern boundary of
California; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Oiiicc and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Thomas Howard, praying
to be allowed a pension on account of an injury
sustained while he was employed as a laborer in
the navy-yard at Philadelphia; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of William D. Young, pray-
ing for an increase of pension on account of in-
firmity contractcd in the discharge of his duty as
an assistant engineer in the Navy; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
of the heirs of Isaac Bowman, deceased, a soldier
in the War of the Revolution, praying to be al-
lowed the bounty land or scrip to which then-
ancestor was entitled; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, That J. W. Nye have leave to withdraw his
petition and papeis, for the purpose of presentation to the
House of Representatives.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART, from tlie Committee on Public
Lands, t.o whom was referred the petition of citi-
zens of eastern Mississippi, praying for the con-
firmation of their titles to certain lands, entered
and paid for by them, in conformity with the
requirements of the land officers in that district,
reported a bill for the relief of certain actual
settlers and cultivators, who purchased lands
subject to graduation %vithin the limits of the
Choctaw cession of 1830, at a less rate than the
true graduation price under the <l act to graduate
and reduce the price of the public lands to actual
settlers and cultivators," approved the 4th of
August, 1854. The bill was read the first time,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. STUART. The communications accom-
panying the bill, from the Secretary of the In-
terior and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, explain the basis of this b'll, and should
be printed. I therefore move that they be printed.
The motion was agreed to,
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred tho bill (S. No.
264) to ?.mend an act entitled "An act requiring
foreign regulations of commerce-to Be laid annu-
ally before Congress, and for other purposes-, "ap-
proved August 16,1852, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
300) to grant a pension to Mary A, M. Jones,
reported it without amendment.
LOBOS ISLANDS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The cases growing out of
certain seizures of vessels at the Lobos Islands,
some yeais since, were referred to the Committee
on Claims. The correspondence received from
the State Department in reference to those seizures
was sent to the Committer- on Printing. That
committee reported against the printing of the
documents, and they are now, 1 understand,.in
the officc of the Secretary of the Senate.
I move the reference o"f the correspondence to
the Committee on Claims, so that they may ex-
amine it in connection with the cases.
The motion was agreed to; and it was
Oxlered, That tho message and corre?pondence relative
to the folios Islands, be roieriPd to ihe Committee on
Claims.
CENTRAL AMERICAN AFFAIRS.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no further
morning business, the Chair will take up the un-
finished business, which was the motion of the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] to refer to
the Committee on Foreign Relations the message
of the President of (he United States in relation
to affairs in Central America*and the recognition
of the existing Government in Nicaragua.
Mr. CHITTENDEN. That irtbssagc was the
subject of debate a few days ago. At that time
1 made some very hasty extempore remarks on
the subjcct, and having been replied to by some
gentlemen, I had taken the floor to answer them,
when, it being suggested that the hour was late,
i gave way for a postponement of the subjcct
until another time. It is a subject on which I
; intend to occupy the time of the Senate with
| a few remarks, but 1 did not come prepared this
morning to go on, as it was oxpuctcd that another
subject would be debated. I should be glad to
have that motion lie over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the subject will be .passed over.
JOHN RICE JONES.
Mr. BENJAMIN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Commissioner o** the Geneial Lane!
Officc report to the Senate, at a* eailva day a practicable,
transciipts of claim* of John Rice Jones, late of Illinois
Tciiitory, which were conliimed by the Governor of said
Terntory, but subsequently not allowed or rejected by the
boaid 01 commissioners; and that the said Commissioner
also report whether the land? covetcd by >aid claim? have •
boon deposed of by the United States otheivvue Uian in
the satisfaction of said claims.
TESTIMONIAL TO DOCTOR KANE.
Mr. MASON. There was before the -Senate,
some time ago, a report from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, accompanied by a joint reso-
lution, giving the sanction of Congress to the
reception bv Doctor E. K. Kane, and the officers
associated with him in his Arctic expedition, of
some presents from the British Government.
The resolution was resisted on the ground that
it did not indicate what those presents should be.
I move that the lesolution be taken up now. I
think it can be passed without further objection.
The motion was agreed to*, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (8. R. No. 12)
allowing Dr, E. K. Kane, and the officers asso-
ciated with him in their late expedition to the
Arctic seas, in search of Sir John Franklin, to ac-
eeptsuch token of acknowledgment therefor from
the Government of Great Britain as it may please
i! to present.
|j Mr. MASON. The joint resolution provides?
, I "That Confess hereby coriM/nts that Dr. F.lbha K.
11 ICano. of the Navy of the "United State.'!, and such of the
•' officers who weie with him m the expodnioa aforesaid as.
! i may yet lemain in the service of the United. States, may
^; accept from the Government of Grout Britain such toiser*
' \ of the character aforesaid a« it may be the pleasure of that
*; Government to present tc thejyi."
j! Some Senators desired that ft shoal# be more-
;; specific, and should indicate only the sanction of'
! Congress to the acceptance of a present. I was.
