m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
one) refused, time and again, to invalidate the
act of the Maryland Legislature.
It is worthy to be observed, in this place, that
a distinction was made by one of McCreery's
supporters, Mr. Key, of Maryland, between the
case of a Representative and the case of a Sen-
ator. In commenting upon the tenth amendment
of the Federal Constitution—which provides,
namely, that "the powers not delegated-to the
Tjnifed States by the Constitution, nor 'prohibited
by it to" the States, are reserved to the States,
respectively, or to the people"—Mr. Key argued
to this effect: The reservation is intended to the
States only of powers which a State, as such, ex-
ercises, or in which the Stale government may
be concerned; the reservation of all other powers
is to the people of the Union at large. Repre-
sentatives (he continued) represent the people
&n(i not their States", and no power remains,
therefore, to the State Legislatures to prescribe
their qualifications. But the States, he said, are
represented as States, in the Senate. (Contested
Election Cases, 212.)
I do not affirm the soundness of this argument,
not being prepared to admit that a Representative
is not, as well as a Senator, the officer of his State,
but I have recited it to show that even one of the
Federalists of old, with all his doctrincs of lati-
tudinous construction, would not deny the right
of a State to pvesei-ibe qualifications tor its Sen-
ators beyond those specified in the Constitution
of the United States. Indeed, unless we expunge
the ninth amendment utterly, I cannot perceive
the force of the suggestion that because some qual-
ifications of a Senator have been specified in the
Constitution of the United States, none others
(in addition) can be required by the citizens of
the State which the Senator is to represent, in
their own constitution or other fundamental law.
Thatamendmentis, I think,eminently applicable:
"The enumeration, in the Constitution, of certain right?,
shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained
by the people."
This, and the amendment which followed it,
together, declare the standard by which our Fed-
eral Constitution should be expounded in ail cir-
cumstances.
The case of Spalding and Mead, from Georgia,
in December, 1805, is mentioned by the compiler
of the Contested Election Cases, as one bearing
upon this question; but the compiler has evidently
erred. There was an express disclaimer in that
case of the least intention to invalidate the State
laws, and it was not invalidated in any sense.
(Contested Election Cases, 163.)
Mr. President, I began with a declaration that
this case involved the most serious consequences.
If Mr. Trumbull should be permitted to occupy
his seat, after the evidence we have hoard, it
would bean occurrence unprecedented, as I be-
lieve, in the history of representative Govern-
ments. It would exhibit the anomalous spectacle
of a gentleman representing the State of Illinois,
by our sanction, when the electors of that State
have said deliberately, in their fuudnmontnl law,
that he should not represent them. It would be a
gross affront to one of the sovereign constituents
of the Union. It would strike down at one blow
the constitutions of twelve or sixteen States. It
would be another stride, longer than any stride
yet taken, towards that consolidation of powers
in the Federal Government, which has already
grown t# an inordinate degree, and from which,
more than from any other cause, a deadly peril
now threaters us.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I intend to
submit some views on this question before the
vote is taken. 1 will go on now, or at any other
time, according to the pleasure of the Senate. I
do not intend to be lengthy.
Several Senator1?. Go on to-morrow.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 3, 185G.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal ofThursday was read andapproved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order was the motion of the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Our] to suspend the rules, for the
purpose of introducing the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
Navy of the United States by immediately constructing
fifteen additional steam frigates, not exceeding sixteen hun-
dred tons burden each; and that they report by bill or oth-
erwise.
Mr. ORR. My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Florence] succeeded on Thursday in getting a
resolution referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs looking to the same intent as I had in
view. I therefore ask to withdraw my resolution.
The resolution was withdrawn.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have a com-
munication here from the War Department, re-
lating to appropriations for the department of the
Gluartcrmaster General of the Army, which I ask
to have referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have also another com-
munication from the Secretary of War, which I
desire to present. It recommends an appropria-
tion of $98,&00 for the improvement of certain
buildings connected with the armory at Spring-
field, Massachusetts, being an increase on the
annual estimate of $38,000. The other day a
communication calling for an appropriation of
$3,000,000 was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. This letter is addressed to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ought probably
to be referred to that committee; but 1 am not
able to see the propriety of referring the §3,000,000
recommendation for making the guns to one com-
mittee, and the communication to provide for the
shop in which they are to be made to another. I
therefore send the communication to the desk,
and leave it to the House to dccide what direction
it will give to it. It may be read.
The communication was read, as follows:
War Department,
Washington, February 27,18.36.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith, (or the favor-
able consideration of the Committee of Ways and Means,
communications from the Chief of Ordnance and Superin-
tendent of Springfield armory, asking and presenting rea-
sons for aii increase in the item lor repaid and improvements
and new machinery at Springfield armory.
Coinciding in the views expressed by these officers, I
recommend that the item m the estimate above-named be
increased from $38,000 to $98,000.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFFERSON DAVIS, Secretary of War.
Hon. L, D. Campbell, Chairman Committee of Ways and
Means, Ilomc of Representatives.
Mr. HAVEN". The communication should
undoubtedly go to the Committee of Ways and
Means. It recommends an increase in the estimate;
and the estimates certainly belong there. I move
that it be referred to that committor
It was so referred.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now move that the rules
of the House be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of con-
sidering the deficiency bill.
NEW REGISTERS OF VESSELS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 121, and to put it upon its passage.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the table, and read a first and second time by
its title, as follows:
An act to authorize the issuing of a registry
or enrollment for the bark Cabargo.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think that this bill should
go back to be corrcctcd in its phraseology. It
uses the expression of44 repaired and refitted for
sea again. I think the word "again" is en-
tirely unnecessary in the bill, and ought to be
stricken out.
The bill was then read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not wish to
interpose any objection to this bill; but I have
long thought that a good deal of time and special
legislation might be saved if the Committee on
Commerce, or some gentleman acquainted with
the subject, would prepare a bill authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue registers on
such proofs being furnished a5? are required.
Mr. WASHBURN'S. If the gentleman from
Tennessee will yield to me one moment, I will
inform him that a bill of precisely the same na-
ture as the gentleman has referred to has been
prepared and passed in the Senate, and is now on
the Speaker's table. I intend, after this bill is
disposed of, to ask the House to take up that bill,
and put it upon its passage.
Mr. JONES. Then, sir, I think we can get
rid of all special legislation about changing the
registers of vessels. It is a matter of course,
anyhow, and the Secretary of the Treasury, from
whom the registers must issue, whether under a
special or general law, is as competent to determ-
ine whether they should be issued, as this House
or Congress is.
Mr. MILLSON. I would state to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, that there is such a law
now existing.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. AIKEN asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 123, to chango
the name of the bark Hibcrnia to that of Victor
of the Wave; which received its several readings,
and was passed.
MEMBER SWORN IK.
Mr. Valentine B. Horton, a Representative
from the State of Ohio, appeared and took the
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. PERRY, by unanimous consent, presented
the memorial of James A. Milhken, claiming a
scat in the House of Representatives in place of
Mr. Fuller, of Maine; which was referred to
the Committee on Elections.
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL.
Mr. ALLEN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to surrender to the State of Illinois
the Cumberland road, in said State; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
CLOSE OF DEBATE ON DEFICIENCY BILL.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to suspeud the rules.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Before the vote
betaken on that motion, I withdraw it for the
purpose of submitting the usual resolution to term-
inate debate on the deficiency bill in five min-
utes after the House shall have resumed its con-
sideration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
resolution will not be adopted at this time. The
provision in ^ie bill before the committee, rela-
tive to marine hospitals, has not yet been dis-
cussed at all, and ought not to be disposed of
without discussion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well; I will modify
the resolution so as to make it close debate after
one hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Say two hours.
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, sir; I think one
hour is sufficient. I move to close debate upon
the bill m one hour after its consideration snail
be again resumed in committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to amend the
resolution so as to make it two hours.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the amendment
will not bo adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 52,
noes 86.
The question recurred upon the resolution as
offered by Mr. Campbell; and, being taken, the
resolution was adopted.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 hope the gentleman
from Ohio will give way, to allow me to take up
the bill to which I have referred in reference to
changing the names of vessels, &c.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am desirous to go into
committee for the purpose of disposing of the de-
ficiency bill; but, as I presume the bill the gen-
tleman refers to will not give rise to debate, and
as its passage will save largely the time of the
House, I will give way.
CHANGE OF THE NAMES OF VESSELS.
There being no objection, the bill of the Senate
I " authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
1 change the namca of vessels in certain eases,"
