1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
me
prejudice; he indulged in no ad capfandwm argu-
ment, he did not approach his subject .by indi-
rection, but advanced to it boldly, with a frank-
ness and candor, with a strength of argument and
at times a depth of pathos which appealed to the
sense, captivated the judgment, and carried away
with him the sympathies and hearts of the people.
Mr. Miller was a member of the Thirty-Sec-
ond and Thirty-Third Congresses. He was ener-
getic in the discharge of his public duties—devoted
to the interests of his State—attentive to the wants
of his district. In the social circle he was kind,
affable, and courteous—esteemed and loved by all
who knew him; and to none were shown more
deference and respectful attention when he min-
gled his voice in the discussions and deliberations
of this Hall.
He was a member of the present House, but
never took his seat. During the winter I received
letters from him, in which he expressed the hope
that he would, ere this, have been among us,
sharing our deliberations, and engaged once more
in the discharge of his public duties. But, alas!
how delusive are all human hopes ! In the pride
of his manhood, and in the midst of his useful-
ness, he has been cut dow-n.
Sir, the voice that sounds the death of my
lamented friend speaks but our common fate.
What a lesson to us all; and yet how little
heeded! For a brief space our pride and ambi-
tion lead us to struggle for this world's wealth
and honor; and, when obtained, how suddenly
does death come and strip us of it all! And then,
how soon are we forgotten! No matter what
may have been the carcer of any one—how distin-
guished for greatness, glory, orpower—how high
recorded m the lists of fame, it is at last but as
a faint mark on the sands of the sna, which the
first passing wave obliterates forever!
If there is a human mind which can bear the
thoughts of death complacently, if there be one
which does not recoil and shrink with instinctive
horror from the contemplation of its dread mys-
teries, it is the Christian who has founded his
hope on the sacred promises and atoning efiicacy
of the great Redeemer.
In early youth, Mr. Miller attached himself
to the church, and professed Christianity. Prom
that day he never faltered in his faith, but his life
was distinguished for mostexemplary piety. He
not only professed but practiced his religion, and
it became the hope on which he leaned to pass
through the dark valley of the shadow of death—
to meet the king of terrors undismayed.
He was a kind, devoted husband, a foud, in-
dulgent father. Time alone can soothe the sorrows
of the widow and his orphan children. Yet give
them all your sympathy. It will be a consola-
tion to them, in the hour of their blighted hopes
and crushed affections, to receive your tributes to
his worth and goodness, and your testimonials of
respect to his name; as it wilt assuage their grief
when they shall see, in his own loved Missouri,
among those who delighted to honor him, that
his memory will be cherished in the affections of
his countrymen in years to come. ^
Mr. Speaker, I move the adoption of the fol-
lowing resolutions:
Resolved, That this House has heard with deep regret
the announcement of the death of Hon. John G. Miller,
a member of tins House from Missouri.
Resolved, That this House tenders its sympathy to the
widow and family of the deceased in their beieavement,
and, as a testimonial of respect, that the members and
officers of this House will go into mourning, by wearing
crape on their leit aim for thuty days.
Resolved, That a copy of the foregoing resolutions be
communicated to the widow of the deceased.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect, this House
do now adjourn.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, the sad
intelligence communicated to this House by the
gentleman from Missouri, will fall with mournful
emphasis upon an extended circle of the relatives
and friends of the deceased in the State of Ken-
tucky. He was known in that State widely and
most favorably. I knew him intimately. He
was the playmate and the schoolmate of mjr boy-
hood. Early in life he exhibited the qualities of
character which subsequently made him a con-
spicuous member of society. He was a gentle
youth; modest, yet firm and equal to the neces-
sities of every occasion; generous and frank, yet
perfectly unobtrusive in his deportment; apt and
intellectual, yet retentive of memory, and clear in
his perceptions; but, above all, distinguished for
the exactness of his integrity. These qualities
made John G. Miller a favorite, while at col-
lege, with all who knew him. Our fortunes sep-
arated us before we reached manhood; and after
years o£ successful adventure on his part, during
which his talents had induced the people of Mis-
souri to repose in him various public trusts of
importance, I met him again in this Hall, as a
legislator, and member of the Thirty-Second Con-
gress. We belonged to the same political party,
and participated generally in the same political
views of the interest of our country. It was nat-
ural, then, that we should renew the friendship of
youth.
From my observation of the assiduity with
which he applied himself to the discharge of his
public engagements, and the completeness with
which he complied with all the duties demanded
by his position,I learned anew to expect a career
by him fuil of usefulness to his country, and the
reward of bright fame for himself. The morality
of his private life—the delicacy of his sense of
personal honor—the integrity of his conduct—the
mild, yet affable, demeanor which distinguished
his intercourse with all—the tolerance of differ-
ence from his opinions, yet the firmness with
which he advanced to the matured conclusions of
his own judgment—the acuteness of his percep-
tion—the preciseness of his logic—the compre-
hensiveness of his intellectual view—gave Mr.
Miller, very soon after his entrance upon con-
gressional life, a position of eminent respectability
among the public men of this country, and prom-
ised to win'for him a commanding influence
before the country. But, while so bright a future
seemed to open before him, his friends saw with
dismay that his health was failing, and threatened
to deprive his family and his country of services
which were probably necessary to the one, and
most desirable to the other. Their melancholy
anticipations have at last been realized, and the
catastrophe announced to-day leaves us now
nothing to hope. Be it ours to pay the tribute
of our sorrow to his memory.
This occasion should not pass, Mr. Speaker,
without conveying the lesson to every one of us
that it is calculated most eloquently to impart—
that our probation in this existence is transitory
and liable to terminate as well at the noon of
manhood as in the evening of age. Our work
may be interrupted before it has developed the
results we design to achieve; and, therefore, he
is wisest as most patriotic who studies in all his
public conduct to close the volume of his life
with the consciousness that every page shall
illustrate, as the leading idea of the author, that
the public good was at once the aim of his public
service and its recompense. This is the lesson
taught by the life of the deceased; may we study
it and practice with success upon its example!
1 second the resolutions offered by my friend
from Missouri.
The resolutions were adopted unanimously,
When the House (at half past twelve o'clock)
adjourned until to-morrow,at twelve o'clock, m.
. IN SENATE. -
Friday, May 23, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Sidney Webster, his
Secretary:
Mr. President: I am directed by the President of the
United States to deliver to the Senate a message in writing;
also, to return tn the Senate " An act making an appropri-
ation for deepening the channel over the flats of Sfc Mary's
river, m the State of Michigan," with his objections thereto
in wilting.
ASSAULT ON MR. SUMKER.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the seat of my
colleague is vacant to-day. That seat is vacant
to-day for the first time during five years of pub- !
lie service. Yesterday, after a touching tribute i
of respect to the memory of a deceased mem-
ber of the House of Representatives, the Senate ;
adjourned. My colleague remained in his seat,
busily engaged in his public duties. While thus
engaged, with pen in hand, and in a position
which rendered him uttexlyincapableofprotecting
or defending himself, Mr. Preston S. Brooks.
a member of the House of Representatives,, ap-
proached his desk unobserved, and abruptly aa*
dressed him. Before he had time to utter a single
word in reply, he received a stunning blow ttpoil
the head from a cane in the hands of Mr. Bhook?,
which made him blind and almost unconscious;
Endeavoring,^ however, to protect himself, in
rising from his chair his desk was overthrown;
and while in that condition, he was beaten upon
the head by repeated blows, until he sunk upon
the floor of the Senate exhausted, unconscious,
and covered with liis own blood. He was taken
from this Chamber to the an*e-room, his wounds
were dressed, and then by friends he was carried
to his home and placed upon his bed. He.is
unable to be with us to-day to perform the duties
that belong to him as a member of this body.
Sir, to assail a member of the Senate out of
this Chamber, "for words spoken in debate," is
a grave offense, not only against the rights of
the Senator, but the constitutional privileges of
this House ; but, sir, to come into this Chamber
and assault a member in his seat until he falls
exhausted and senseless on this floor, is an of-
fense requiring the prompt and decisive action of
the Senate.
Senators, I have called your attention to this
transaction. I submit no motion. 1 leave it to
older Senators, whose character—whose position
in this body, and before the country, eminently
fit them for the task of devising measures to
redress the wrongs of a member' of this body,
and to vindicate the honor and dignity of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, (after a pause.)
The Chair will lay before the Senate a communi-
cation 
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I beg leave
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of five members be appointed
by the President to inquire into th« ciicumstances attend-
ing the assault committed on the person of the Hon.
Chari.es Summer, a member of the Senate, in the Senate
Clumber yesterday; and that the said committee be in-
structed to repoit a statement of the facts, together with
their opinion thereon, to the Senate.
I ask for the consideration of the resolution
now.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous-
consent to consider the resolution now. Thg
Chair hears no objection. 1 <
Mx. MASON. Mr. President, I do not wish
to interpose any objection to the passage of the
resolution. I have not considered the subject in
any way that would authorize me to make an
objection; but it strikes me that, under the duties
which are to devolve on this committee, they
may be considered as of a character connected
with some feolmg, and, perhaps, it would:be bet-
ter, from regard to the Presiding Officer/that tha~
committee should be elected, under the rules of
the Senate, by the body itself, as the standing
committees are.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would greatjy
prefer that change.
Mr. MASON. I move to amend the resolution
in such a manner as to provide that the commit-
tee shall be elected by the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. I accept the amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution will ba
read as proposed to be amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of five members be elected
by the Senate to inquire into the circumstances attending
the assault committed on the person of the Hon. Charles
SoiiNi.It, a member of the Senate, in the Senate Chamber
yesterday; and that the said committee be instructed to
lepoit a statement of the facts, together with their opinion
thereon, to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
resolution as amended.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I trust we may proceed at
once to dispose of this matter by the election of.
the committee.
The PRESIDENT, Senators will prepare
their ballots for the election of the committee. ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire;
whether we shall vote for the five members,of the
committee on one ballot?
The PRESIDENT. Unless otherwise directed
by the Senate, the five members of ihe.ccwmittee,
will be voted for on the same .ballot.
The votes having been collected, the President
