1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
653
was taken up from the Speaker's table, and read
a first and second time by its title.
The bill was then read in extenso. It authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to change the name
of any vessel whenever the reasons for so doing
shall, in his opinion, be deemed sufficient*, and
empowers that officer to establish such regula-
tions as he may deem necessary for that purpose.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,]
whether that bill was reported upon any memo-
rial or petition ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will state to the gen-
tleman from Maine that this bill originated in the
Senate. Since it passed that body, however, I
have seen the Secretary of the Treasury upon
the subjcct. He has seen the bill and approves
of its provisions.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the bill will pass. I
endeavored to get the floor myself for the purpose
of moving to take it up.
The bill was then ordered to a third readin^
and was accordingly read the third time
passed.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now renew the motion
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to; the House accord-
ingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Penning-
ton in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the bill of the House (No. 68,) to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1856.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question pending
to be upon striking out the provision "for in-
creased salary of the Governor of New Mexico,
per act of the 27th July, 1854, $1,929 35," with
the proviso offered on 'fhursday last by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and adopted
by the committee, upon which the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The proviso
offered by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] was adopted, I believe, by the committee,
and the question now is upon striking out the
whole. I do not now propose to go into the
discussion of that topic further than to say this
to the committee—that if the motion now pending,
to strike out, be carried, the provision adopted at
the instance of the gentleman from Tennessee,
which is regarded as a \ery wholesome 2>rovision
for the future, will be lost.
I understand that there are gentlemen who wish
to discuss the provision in the bill in reference to
marine hospitals; it. is perhaps due to them that
the floor should be yielded to them during the
hour which is allotted to general discussion, be-
cause, under the rule of the House, and under
the decision, of the Chair, when this general dis-
cussion has been terminated, it will not be in
order to discuss matters connected with the marine
hospital provision, which has been passed in the
consideration of the bill by sections.
But the Committee of Ways and Means do not
wish to prevent gentlemen from being heard in
opposition to that proviso. On the contrary, we
regard this as a question of very deep interest to
the people of this country. We want to hear
what may be said in favor of the present system
of marine hospitals, as it has been carried on for
some years past; and inasmuch as I shall be en-
titled to an hour in which to close the debate, I
will yield the floor. 1 desire, however, first to sug-
gest a clerical amendment in line ten of the bill,
that the word " and " shall be inserted after the
word " Department."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before the
gentleman from Ohio takes his seat, as his com-
mittee has reported this proviso in reference to
marine hospitals, I wish he would state to the
committee some of the reasons upon which this
committee have predicated their action.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will state briefly, without
going into the statistics which I shall present to
the consideration of the committee, that it has
been clearly demonstrated that it costs this Gov-
ernment about ten times as much to support its dis-
abled seamen at points where we have established
hospitals, as it does where the custom-house offi-
cers have made negotiations with private persons
or establishments for the relief of these seamen. I
will show to the gentleman—and I give him notice
in advance—that, counting the interest on the
money which has been expended for buildings
at certain points, it costs at the rate of $150 the
week to keep a disabled seaman. The gentleman
desires to know some of the points of the com-
mittee's objection, and I am perfectly willing that
the committee's hand shall be shown in advance.
At another port, where a marine hospital has
been constructed, the average cost per week of a
disabled seaman is $51 73. Attheports where the
Government has made no expenditure for build-
ings, the cost to take care of a disabled seaman
averages per week, about «|4 37, while it costs at
one port $10 per day, aside from the question of
interest; to take care of a disabled seaman it only
costs the Government at the city of New York,
where we have expended nothing for buildings,
forty-five cents the day. At other ports it costs
about the same.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, when the committee was last in session, 1
stated that I was somewhat taken by surprise
in finding this proviso in relation to the marine
hospital m a deficiency bill. I did not know but
that there might be some reason for legislation on
this subject by Congress. I did not know but
that there were abuses in the marine hospital
system which ought to be corrected; but I gave
notice that 1 intended to be heard on the subject
before any question should be taken by the
House. I thoughtit extraordinary that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means should have, in a
mere proviso to a deficiency appropriation bill,
and without the matter having been officially
brought to their attention, cither by petitions re-
ferred to them, or by a resolution of the House,
proposed a change of a great, wise, and beneficent
system of the Government, which has existed
since its foundation. I thought that that commit-
tee usurped ajurisdiction which properly attached
to another standing committee of this House, and,
in a side way, attempted the most important legis-
lation. The question of marine hospitals belongs
and particularly appertains to the duties of the
Committee on Commerce, and, if any legislation
is needed, it should be first properly brought to
the attention of that committee. That is the com-
mittee, under the rules of this House, to which
this whole subject appropriately belongs. That
is the committee whose auty it is to investigate
and report to the House what legislation, if any,
on subjects of this character is demanded by the
exigencies of the country.
Mr. Chairman, since we were last in session I
have looked into this subject; and I will confess
that, if the facts arc as they are represented by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Moans, they are entirely different from those
which I shall now endeavor to present to the com-
mittee from the official reports. What is the com-
plaint? What are the reasons of the Committee of
Ways and Means for the proposed change? Before
we make such an important change in the law, we
should have good, valid, and sufficient reasons for
it. No existing system should be changed with-
out due consideration. The principal reason is,
as I understand the honorable chairman of the
Ways and Means, the great expense of maintain-
ing the marine hospitals of the country, and re-
lieving our sick and disabled seamen. I do not
look upon this as a question merely of dollars and
cents—it involves other and higher considerations
which this Government cannot ignore; but I will
now examine the question of the expense of the
system about which so much complaint is made,
and show there is nothing in those complaints
which will justify Congress in changing the sys-
tem as is proposed by the proviso in question.
The gentleman from C)hio [Mr. Campbell] says i
that it costs ten times as much to take care of a |
sre.k and disabled seaman in one of the organized i
Government hospitals as it does in one of the pri- i
vate establishments. I beg to call attention to the j
statement of the Secretary of the Treasury, and '
we will see whether it bears out this assertion of !
the gentleman from Ohio. 1
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman did not i
understand my statement. I said that at some t
of the hospitals it costs ten times as much to take ;
care of a sick and disabled seaman as it does at '
others. It costs a much greater sum to take care ;
of sick and disabled seamen at points where the ■
Government has constructed buildings, than it
does at points where they have not expended
money for buildings; and in this statement the
record will bear me out.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I understand the gentle-
man to say that it costs at some points ten times
more than it does at others. I take issue with
him on that. There is no point where it costs
ten times more than at another. There is but one
single hospital in the whole country where it has
ever cost the Government any such sum per day
to take carc of a seaman as the gentleman has
suggested; that is, at the hospital at Natchez,
where it cost, last year, according to the table of
the Secretary of the Treasury, $10 10 per day.
But this is an isolated and extraordinary case, and
I have no doubt the large expenses there can be
satisfactorily explained. Even if they cannot, is
it fair to take one extreme case as an illustration
of the working of 'a great system, and on that
case to advocate its destruction?
Let us look at the table of the Secretary of the
Treasury, found in his late Finance Report, page
248, and find out what the average expense per
day is of relieving the sick seamen in all the
hospitals of the country, public and private. That
is the fair and just way, and it will be seen, by
the table here, that it is only ninety-five cents per
day, a very reasonable and even moderate average.
The argument is, that it costs more to provide
for your seamen in the organized hospitals than
it does in private establishments. I want the
committee to look at this matter a little, and see
how the facts stand. There are fourteen organ-
ized marine hospitals in the country—only four-
teen. Take twelve out of those fourteen organized
hospitals, leaving out the two hospitals at Natchez
and Napoleon—where it costs the Iargestamounts
to take care of the seamen—and what dpes this
committee suppose is the average cost of taking
care of sick and disabled seamen? It is only
$1 22 per day.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let me call the gentle-
man's attention to anotherfact. Atthe hospitals
where the Government has not been to the ex-
pense of constructing buildings, the cost is only
sixty-one cents the day. The gentleman admits
that, taking out the Natchez and Napoleon hos-
pitals, the average cost at the organized hospitals
is $1 22 the day; at the unorganized, the private
hospitals, it is only sixty-one cents the day. At
the organized hospitals, therefore, the cost is a
great deal greater.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman takes
extreme cases, which prove nothing; but, in this
connection, 1 will take seven organized hospitals
and seven private hospitals, and I will show the
gentleman that it costs more per day in the private
than in the organized hospitals to take care of
one sick and disabled seaman. I will show the
gentleman and the committee what are the two
classes of hospitals that come within the scope
of my assertion. I have a table here which I have
made out, and from which I will read:
Seven Organized Hospitals. Seven Private Hospitals.
Boston, average co&t per St. John's, average cost per
day  87 3 day 911
Cleveland  69 3 Beaufort  94.4
Chicago  74.7
Norfolk  72.8
San Francisco  94.6
Louisville $1 03
Mobile  1 17
86 18.7
Brunswick  94.7
Memphis $1 15
Pcnsacola  2 20
Galveston  89.8
Newpoit  80.1
$7 91.1
Average cost  88,'£ Average cost $1 13
It will, therefore, be seen by this table, that in
seven of our organized hospitals—just one half of
the whole number, it costs on an average only
eighty-eight and a quarter cents per day, whilst
in seven other private hospitals it costs $1.17 per
day.
But, sir, it is not merely a question of expense
which we are considering; but it is whether the
Government is to carry out a system which it
adopted at the earliest foundation of the Govern-
ment, for taking care of its sick and disabled sea-
men—a class of men notoriously improvident,and
singularly reckless in many instances as to their
coursc of life—a class of persons that all civilized
Governments has assumed a sort of guardianship
over; whether you will protect the commerce of
the country which yields to you the greatest
part of your revenue, by taking care of and pro-
tecting the hardy and daring men who carry it
