1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2353
this matter. The money has been awarded to a
creditor of the Miamis under the treaty, and has
lapsed into the Treasury again, and now requires
a reappropnation.
The letter was read, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
offick of Indian Affairs, July 35. 1850.
Sir: In compliance with request of Hon. John U. Pettit
of 12th instant, I mciose herewith such evidence as this
and the Second Auditor's office afford m regard to the
claim of the heiis of F. Lafontame, from which it will be
seen that the sum of $590 was awarded to F. Lafontaine
by Messrs. Stewart, Murray, and Fitch, commissioners on
claims against Miami Indians, payable out of annuities of
that tribe; and, not having been paid at the proper time,
was, on the 30th of June, 18oo, permitted to go to the sur-
plus fund, and is now in the Treasuiy of the United States.
You will perceive, theiefore, that this Department is
without the means of meeting this claim, which was ad-
mitted in 1850, but has nevei been paid.
Very respectfully, >oui obedient seivant,
GEOllGE YV. MANYPENNV,
Commissioner.
Hon. Benjamin Pringle, Chairman Committee on Indian
Affairs. United Slate? House of Representatives.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I submit another amend-
ment from the Committee on Indian Affairs:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of the Tntc-
rioi ascertain the number of Cherokees east of the Missis-
sippi, that were omitted in the census taken by D. YV.
Si'er in 185], and pay the $3,000 appropriated bj the eighth
section of the "Act making appropriations for th" em rent
and contingent e\peiibC= of the Indian department." ap-
proved July SI. 1851, to said Indiana accoidnijl to the j>er
capita distnbution made by the Deportment ot the fntenor
in pursuance of the punciples contained in the opinion of
the Attorney General of the United States on that Mibject,
of April 16,1851.
The Senate will see that this is merely to direct
the payment of money already appropriated. By
the terms of the act of 1851, $5,000 were appro-
priated to the remnant of Cherokees in North
Carolina. Contests afterwards arose as to what
persons, precisely, were entitled to it. The ques-
tion is settled by an opinion of the Attorney
General. This amendment authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Interior to pay the money in accord-
ance with that opinion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I oiler another amend-
ment from the Committee on Indian Affairs:
To enable the Piesident to cau^e to he fulfilled and car-
ried into effect the conditions, stipulations, and provisions
contained m the aitides of agiecment made hyGeneial
Ilatncy, commanding the Pioux expedition, and certain
bands of Sioux Indians of the Upper PLnt^ and Mis^oun.
dated the 5th ofMaich la^t, £100,000 : Provided, That the
President may, in Ins discretion, adopt the plan of pacifica-
tion recommended by the Secretary of War, or an^ other
which in his judgment may be the best for the permanent
pacification of said ] ndians.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Is this on a recommenda-
tion from the Interior Department?
Mr, SEBASTIAN. It is on the recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of "War, to carry into effect
the terms of final pacification entered into between
General Harney and the Sioux Indians, made
Inst year, and the amount is estimated for by the
Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, to come m as an additional section:
And be it further enaded, That the annual eompen-ation
ot the chaplain to the United States Pemtcntiaiy shal" be
$•300, and twenty per cent, on the same liom July 1,1833,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I have an amendment which
does not come from a committee, but as it con-
cerns one of the employes of the two Houses of
Congress, and relates to a subject of great im-
portance, I suppose it is admissible:
And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to John
C. Rives, by the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the
Ilou-e of Representatives, out of the continent funds of
the two Houses, according to the number of copies of the
Congiessional Globe and Appendix taken by each, one cent
for every live pases of the work whenever it shall exceed
three thousand pages for a long session, or one thousand
five hundred pases for a short one, including the indexes
and the laws of the United States, commencing with tins
se^ion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have an amendment
from the Committee on Finance, to come in as a
new section:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and requiied to
appoint a equitably qualified person as special examiner of
drugs, chemicals, and medicines, at San Francisco, ia Cal-
ifornia, whose salary shall be$2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed for the pres-
ent, in order to take up the bill which passed the
Senate yesterday, and has been returned from the
House of Representatives this evening, regulating
the compensation of members of Congress. 1
make the motion for the reason that, if the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to that bill
shall be concurred in by the Senate, an appropri-
ation will be required at this session of Congress
to meet the amount which that bill contemplates
shall be paid to members, and it is better to put it
on this bill than any other. I propose to post-
pone this bill for the present, until we decide
whether we concur in these amendments, and if
so, I shall offer an amendment to .this bill to make
the necessary appropriation.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 hope this bill will not be
laid aside. If the compensation bill passes, my
colleague need not be concerned about the appro-
priation being made. All the rules will be sus-
pended, if necessary. There is no reason for
postponing the appropriation bill. If the compen-
sation bill be passed, I give you my word the pay
will come; there will be no difficulty about that.
Mr. 1VKRSON. I think it doubtful whether
if we pass the bill, the pay will come. I am
authorized by members of the House of Repre-
sentatives to say that if the question be referred
back to that House, they may not possibly get it
through. It is dangerous, at any rate, to send
the bill back with amendments. 1 think we can
postpone this lull and pass that in five minutes.
I do not propose to discuss it. We wish to pass
that bill with the House amendments, and then
put the necessary appropriation on this bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope this bill will not be
laid aside. The amendments to it must be en-
grossed to-night.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Georgia to
postpone tins bill for the present.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 22, noes J2.
PAY OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
On motion of Air. 1VERSON, Llie Senate pro-
| ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
j of Representum es to the bill (S. No. 398) to
regulate the eompt nsation of members of Con-
I gross. The Jimendmoirt is to strike out all of the
■ bill after the enacting clause, and inaert the foi-
t lowing:
I
1 That the compensation ot each Senator. Rcpre>entativc,
i and Delegate in Congre.-,-,. >ha!l be £6,000 tor each Congress,
j and mileage a- now piov uied by la*v foi two sessions only,
i to be paid m nuinnei following, to wit: on the fiist day of
! each regular se^ion each Sennfm, Representative, and
1 Delegate >liall ieeei\e his mileage lor one session; and on
| the first day of each month tbeicaftci, during snch session,
! compensation at the rate of £3,000 per annum dining the
! continuance of such session, and at the end ot snch se-won
I he shall receive the le.-rdtie of his salary due to him at such
I time at the late atoresud still unpaid , and at the beginning
j of the second regular : c^mou of the Congress each Scnatoi,
Representative, and Delegate shall receive his mileage for
i such second s.^moii, and monthly, dming such session,
[ compensation at the late of ^.'{,000 per annum till the 4th
: daj of Man h tminiuating the C'ongre.-->. and on that day
| each Senator, Representative, and Delegate Msafl he enti-
tled to receive any balance ot the Mj,UU0 not theretofore
j paid in the -aid monthly installments a- above dirtied,
j ^rc, And be it J in thcr ci aJcd.'V\u\t the President of
| the Sonate }iro tempore, when mete a-li.iH be no V ice PreM-
! dent, oi the Vice Purulent -nail have become President of
! the Tnited State1', shall receive the compensation piovided
I by law tor the Nice PieHd'-nt; and the Speaker of the
j llour-io of Reprrecnmm <•- ^mil lecene double riie com-
j pensdtion above pioudod lot Uepn.-"iiT,uive-. payable at
! the tunes and m the inanncj above piovided for payment
I of the compensation oi Rcpiesentativcs.
i Stc 3. And be it further eit xtcd, That this law shall
I apply to the present Consre^. and Kieh Senator. Repve-
sentative and Delegate shall be entitled to receive the dif-
ference only between their per diem compensation already
received under the law now in lbiee and the compensation
provWrd bv this act.
Src. 4. And be ft further eaaded, Thai m the event of
the death of any Senator. Repier-entauve, or Delegate, puor
to the commencement of the Ih-t -es-sion of the Congre.ss,
he shall be neither entitled to mileage nor compensation; and
in the, event of death aftei the cumnicueunent of any >es-
sion, his representatives i-hali be entitled to receive <o much
of his compensation, computed at the late of $3,000 per
annum, as he may not have lcccived, and any mileage that
may have actually acciued and be due and unpaid.
Stc. f). And be it fvrther enacted, That if an\ books shall
hereafter be ordeied to, and received by, members of Con-
gress, by a lesoiution of eithei or both Houses of Congress,
the pi ice paid for the same shall be deducted ftoui the com-
pensation hcrcrobelore provided foi such member or mem-
bers: Provided, however, That this >hall not extend to
books ordered to be printed by the public printer during the
Congress for which the said member diall have been elected.
Sec. 0. And be it further cnacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Sergeant-at-Aims of the House, and Secretary
of the Senate, lespeetively, to deduct ftom the monthly
payments of members, as iieiein provided for. the amount
of his compensation for each day that such member shall
be absent Irom the House or Senate respectively, unless
such Representative, Senator, or Delegate, shall assign, as
the icason for such absence, the sickness of himself or of
some, member of his family.
Sec. 7. And be if further enacted. That all acts or parts
of acts inconsistent with, or repugnant to, the provisions of
tins act, be, and the same arc heicby, repealed.
Mr. PUGH. I move to strike out the third
section of the House substitute.
Mr. IVERSON. I trust the Senate will not
make any amendment. If there be a majority in
favor of changing the present compensation of
the members of Congress, I advise them to stick
to the bill as it comes from the House. If it goes
back to the House it will be defeated. If wc are
disposed to increase the compensation, let us vote
for it by the yeas and nays, if they shall be
called for; but 1 hope they will not be.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I can vote for no such bill
as this, and I trust the Senate will not sustain
any such proposition. It is neither more or less
than a proposition for every member to vote him-
self two or three thousand dollarsfor past services,
besides what lie has been entitled to receive. The
proposition is not to change the pay of members
of Congress for the future, not to make such just
and adequate augmentation of the pay which has
heretofore been received as to Congress shall seem
best for the future services of the Representatives
and Senators of the nation, but to take out of the
Treasury of the United States and vote to our-
selves two or three thousand dollars apiece. [" Oh
no!"] I do not know how much the amount is
exactly, but it is a sum of money.
Mr. IVERSON. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator for a moment. I think he is under a mis-
apprehension on that point, if I understand the
phraseology and meaning of the bill, as amended
by the House, it simply gives to each member of
Congress $3,000 for the present session, deduct-
ing from that amount the per diem compensation
which he has already received. The per diem of
members of Congress for the present session,
under the old system, is jfr.2,080, so that the
amount of increase to each member is only §920,
instead of two or three thousand dollars, as the
Senator states.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, under the
law as it now stands, the people of the country
elected the members to this Congress with an
understanding or contract that they should re-
ceive for their services a certain per diem and
mileage, the per diem to begin on the first Mon-
day of December last. The per diem amounts
to about two hundred and forty dollars per month.
The proposition now is, that for the future mem-
bers of Congress shall receive $350 a month. The
bill of the Senate as passed by this body made that
compensation take effect from the adjournment
of the present session. To that 1 should make
no objection. On the contrary, I should sustain
it, for 1 think the pay of members is quite inade-
quate. But this proposition of the Ilouse is to
pay members of Congress $250 a month apiece,
1 from the 4th of March, 1855, to the 4th of Decem-
! ber, while they were remaining at home, before
' they took their seats, and whifc they were doing
] no.service whatever 10 the country for this pay-
| ment which is now to be made. Wc have been
1 receiving at the rate of $3,000 a year since the
commencement of the present session. Eight ,dol-
i lars a day is $240 a month, and §3,000 is $,250
! a month; so that during the time we have been
I actually sitting, and doing service to the country,
| we have been receiving compensation at the rate
| allowed by the bill as it comes from the House.
But what the House now propose is, to give to
each member of Congress §>250 a month for the
period intervening between the 4th of March,
1855, and the first Monday of December of last
year. In other words, it is to give ^250 a month
for March, April, May, June, July, August,
September, October, and November. I cannot
make this out to be less than nine months; and
at $250 a month the amount is $2,250 to each
member. 1 will never consent to such a propo-
sition.
Mr. PRATT. Move to amend it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Our own bill, as it went
to the House, proposes to pay the salary to mem-
bers of Congress for the future; but here I am
