2154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 15,
called on to vote myself $2,000 out of the public ij
Treasury for last year. I cannot imagine that.j;
such a proposition svill receive countenance for l|
one instant. ||
Mr. BUTLER. If I had my own choice, I jj
would still adhere to the original bill, which I \\
introduced. That provided for a salary of §3,000
infuturo,and twenty cents a mile for travel. That
measure would have equalized the pay, and would,
1 think, have been entirely just. The Senator
from Louisiana, who is a gentleman living at a
distance, and m some measure incidentally deriv-
ing an advantage from his travel, objected to the
twenty cents, or thirty cents, or anything but the
old rate of forty cents. As a practical "^nan, I
yielded to the suggestion, that those who lived in
the interior and those who lived upon the Pacific
ought to be compensated beyond those- who live
in what are called the old Atlantic States.
I think my friend from Louisiana is entirely
mistaken on this occasion. As 1 understand the i
bill from the House, it simply proposes to pay us
from the time we assembled here at this session;
and I really think, if 1 must speak in the spirit
of justioc, that we have earned more this session
than we shall earn next session. The next will
be a three months* session. We have now been
sitting here for eight and a half months. I think it
is more correct to pay us for services which we
have performed, rather than services which we
are hereafter to perform. I believe the provision j
of the. House increases our pay for this session
very little—about nine hundred dollars. I prefer
to make the increase commence in the futuie; but
as I cannot hu\ e my own way, 1 do not choose to
shrink from the proposition which I have hereto-
fore suggested, that the Constitution devolves on
Congress itself the exclusive lesponsibility of fix-
ing the compensation of its members. 1 know that \
the present allowance is inadequate. Whether ;
that which is now provided will be adequate 1 j
cannot say; but 1 think it approaches it. With ;
regaid to the effect on our pay at the present
session, I am peifeetly willing to agice to that
feature of the flouse bill. It can he done with-
out confusion or difficulty. My bill would have
given a .salary of $3,000, commencing with next
December. That would allow $3,000 for the next
three months' session, when in fact we shall not I
have petfornied half the labor, nor incurred half,
thft responsibility, noi have been subjected to half
the privations we have been at this session. We
have earned it now; and it is not an inciease of
two or three thousand doliai s, n.s the Senator fi mil
Louisiana supposes. JYIy deliberate judgment
is, that the mileage ought to have been graduated;
but 1 yielded to the suggestions of others, and gave
way on that subject. As a practical man I shall
vote for the bill of the 1 louse now, though it is
not the one which ! would have preferred.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 desire to say
one word .to my friend bom Louisiana. I hap-
pened to be absent when the oiigmal bill was
tmssed by the Senate, two days ago. If I had
>een heir, I should have voted for it. 1 intend
to vote for it as it has been amended. The argu-
ment of my friend from Louisiana strikes me as
very strange, lie asked the question, whether
we are prepared to vote ourselves $3,000 or
$3,000* In the first place, that is not the propo-
sition before the Senate. Hut he says we came
here iimbr an implied contract to perform ser-
vices for the consideration heretofore fixed bylaw,
if thai is to be the rule of action for us, the pay
can never be chang<d.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Of course not until the law
be changed; but we can change it for the future.
Mr. JOIVKS, of Tennessee. My friend savs
he is not prepared to vote himself pay. Did lie
not vote himself pay under the hill which we
passed two days ago? He will be here next
session.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will vote for an increase
for the future.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Why not for this
ssssion? If you arc going to appropriate money
for the next year, and you have earned it this
year, why not have it this year ' There is no
principle involved. The only question is. is it
tight? What eftcot it may have on the country
I neither know nor care. ( am satisfied that we
do not get enough pay to defray the reasonable
expenses of gentlemen. 1 do not believe my eon-
suituuHy require any man to vote ugiunst paying
himself enough for his services. If they do not
like it in me, they may change their representa-
tive.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to make an objection
which was fairly and properly presented, I think,
by the Senator from Louisiana. We came here,
at this session, with the understanding that we
should receive as ou,r per diem a certain fixed
rate. We commenced the session with that un-
derstanding. We have continued our labors
until we are now about to terminate the session.
We have acted on the same understanding. I
cannot vote for a retroactive provision of this
sort. I do not object to an increase of salary for
the future, because I think that is just. I believe
members cannot live on the amount which has
been allowed them heretofore. 1 cannot vote for
the present bill with its retroactive provision. If
we were to do so, and the bill should pass, I could
not regard myself justifiable m taking the money,
because it was not part of the contiact between
the Government and myself when I came here.
For that reason alone I object to the House bill
in its present shape, although I think the com-
pensation of Senators and Representatives is
insufficient. I shall not occupy the time of the
Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I am very much su-rprised,
on coming into the Senate, after a brief absence,
to find the appropriation bill laid aside for this
bill. I cannot see any necessity for laying aside
the appropriation bill. This can be passed at
any time, and if passed there will be no difficulty
about getting the necessary appropriation. It
can be put into some other appropriation bill as
well as into this. Besides, we have had no op-
poilunity to examine the amendment of the
House. I, for one. do not know what are all its
piovisions. I think we ought to lay it aside for
the present, and take up the civil appropriation
bill and finish it. I move, therefore, to lay this
bill and the amendment on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to
strike out the third section of the amendment of
the House.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. PRATT. 1 have just road the third sec-
tion proposed to bp stricken out, and so far as it
| has yet been explained I do not think it is exactly
i| understood. The lull passed by the Senate, alter-
ing the compensation of members of Congress,
proposed to allow the increased pay from the
adjournment of the present session. The third
section of the hill now pioposed as a substitute
for that by the House of Representatives gives
the additional compensation to members of* this
Congress from the period of their election. That
is the distinction, if it is unjust to pay members
i when Congress is not m session, that objection of
injustice is as applicable to the Senate bill as to
this provision of the House bill. The only dif-
ference between the two is, that the House pro-
poses to pay members from the period of their
election, while the Senate proposes to pay them
from the passage of the bill. By either you aie
paying members while they arc not in session,
and are not performing service.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
on the motion to strike out the third section, re-
sulted—yeas 1!), nays 21; as follows:
\ tiAS—Aihim--. Beniannn, Hnjiht. Clay,
Colliinx't, Kt-.li, Italian, llou-foti. Hunter, Ma-on, Peaiee,
f'tatt, riinii. Si'Wiiui. ^luirlt,Tooinh-.\V<uH\ and Yuiee—19.
NAVS—Allen, Bay.ud, H<dl <>l
Bmtei. Bioiliiea'l. Hioun, Ihitiei, Duikee. IwMer, Geyer,
Hall-, ivee on, Janice, Jones of iow a. Join** ot Teune;-ec,
lleid, Seb.iMian, Saurl, TJioiiwhi ot \ow Jeisey, Tium-
linll, Woilet, WiKmi, and Wnirlit—~*J 1.
So the motion'was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I move now to amend the
third section bv inserting before the words ** pres-
: ent Congress,''the woids "the second session
| of," so as to make it apply " to the second session
i oi'the present Congress." 1 will state the reason
i for voting against the former motion and in favor
; of this.
j My own preference would have led me to apply
i the increase of compensation to another Congress;
! but the Senate determined by their own bill to ap-
| ply it to the present Congress, provided it should
' be applied prospectively. Then to amend the bill
of the House by striking out the whole third sec-
tion, so as not to apply to the present Congress,
would be departing from our own positive determ-
ination in our own bill, which, it seemed to me,
would be an inconsistency. The motion I now
make is in accordance with„our own action, making
the law applicable to the second session of this
Congress. That is prospective. We all think the
compensation ought to be raised, and our con-
stituents acknowledge it; but there is a difference
between Congress according to their duty fixing
their own compensation for the future, and allow-
ing to themselves an extra compensation for time
that is past. There is a distinction which must be
palpable to every mind. My amendment gets rid
of the difficulty of asking a Senator to vote to
place money in his own pocket for past services.
Mr. BIGGS. I desire to know whether it is
in order to amend the section after a motion to
strike it out has been rejected?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. IVERSON. I trust the amendment will
not be adopted. It proceeds on the principle, as
I understand the Senator from Delaware, that
although we may have deserved the amount of
compensation, we are not to be entitled to receive
it, because we have already performed the ser-
vices. Now, if we are entitled to this compen-
sation for services to be performed, I want to
know the difference between that and giving us
compensation for services already performed.
The gentleman sees a difference. It is the differ-
ence betwixt tweedledum and twcedlcdee, which,
for my life, I cannot see. Now, sir, if we amend
this bill in any shape, I am satisfied it will not
meet the concurrence of the House. The mem-
bers of the House of Representatives themselves,
coming directly from the people, have thought
proper to put this provision on the bill. I should
prefer not to have it there; but, as the representa-
tives of the people have thought proper to change
the character of the proposition, and introduce
this feature, paying members the additional com-
pensation, as well for the present as for future
sessions, I think the Senate ought to yield to the
wishes of the people, thus expressed by their im-
mediate representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware is in section
third, line second, after the word u the," insert
" second session of," and after the word " Con-
gress," to strike out the rest of the section, so
that the section will then read:
That this law shall apply to the second session of the
present Congress.
Mr. BAYARD. I leave to the honorable Sena-
ator from Georgia all the weight of the argument
to be derived from the House passing this pro-
vision. Though be may not be able to perceive
the distinction and the danger of establishing
such a precedent as this, that Congress can pay
themselves for past services, and not merely pro-
vide for the future by legislation, to me it is very
perceptible. I think you might just as well go
back, if the principle be sound, and pay your-
selves for the session before, because Congress
was just as much entitled the session before to
greater emoluments. I can understand very well,
that if I come here and render services to my
constituents under the existing law, which Con-
gress has not seen fit to change, it would be im-
proper and wrong for me to add to my own com-
pensation for time that is past. I can understand
equally well that the law of Congress, dependent
on the will of Congress, it being its duty to pro-
vide for the compensation of members of Con-
gress and other civil officers, may increase the pay
in jutuco. Whenever I deem a change proper
for the future, so as to provide a different com-
pensation from the past, I have an undoubted
right, and it is my duty to vote for it. _ I regret
that the honorable Senator from Georgia cannot
see the distinction between the cases; to me it is
very perceptible. I hope it is so to the Senate;
most certainly it was on that principle that the
bill which we sent to the House was passed by
the Senate.
Mr. IVERSOX. I rise simply to make a sug-
gestion to my friends from Delaware and Lou-
isiana, and those who agree with them. If their
consciences prevent them from taking any portion
of this money, they can leave itiu the Treasury.
This bill does not impose 011 them the necessity
