314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
on j or whether yon will strike down all these great
institutions of mercy, and benevolence, and jus-
tice, and put your seamen out to be taken care of,
as they put outpaupers in the different towns and
counties in the country, to the lowest bidder.
That is the question which we are considering.
It is not, then, simply a question of expense; but
if it -were, I should ask the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell,] what has been the whole ex-
pense of this Government in taking care of its
sick and disabled seamen from the adoption of its
Constitution down to the present time? I have
made an-examination, and I desire to call the at-
tention of the gentleman from Ohio and of the
committee to it. I have made an estimate of the
whole amount which this country has appropri-
ated for the purpose of building marine hospitals.
I have made also an estimate of the amount of
deficiencies which have been appropriated for the
sick and disabled seamen over and beyond the
fund which is derived from the amount of twenty
per cent, a month deducted from the wages of the
seamen.
By legislation of Congress, as far back as 1798,
twenty cents per month was to be deducted from
the wages of each seaman, to constitute a fund
for the relief of the sick and disabled of that class.
That formed a fund to be expended by the Gov-
ernment in relieving the sick seamen and in build-
ing marine hospitals. But, independent of that
amount raised by the seamen, I will show you
the sums which have been appropriated as defi-
ciencies, and the amounts which have been voted
for your hospitals. And what does the gentleman
suppose they all amount to, in a country whose
commerce is larger than the commerce of any
other country upon the face of the globe, and
which can no longer be counted by millions, but
by billions? Well, sir,the amount of all the ap-
propriations, so far as I have been able to ascer-
tain them, by a very thorough examination of the
laws, is only $3,328,000. I do not pretend to be
entirely correct; I m^y have overlooked some
appropriations; but the amounts I give, I have
no doubt, approximate very nearly the sums
appropriated—the amount of deficiency being
§1,722,810. The amount which you have appro-
priated to build hospitals is $902,683.
Here is a statement of the amount of deficien-
cies, and when appropriated:
March 3, 18-13  $25,000
January 23, 1844... 40,7)00
Juno H, 1841  a."),000
August JO, 16-16.... 25,000
M.ueli 3 J 847   10.000
August 12, 1813 ... 12,000
March 3, 1819  15.000
September 30, 1850 200,000
Match 3, 1851  200.000
August 3,1852  lOOjOOO
August 4, 1854  200,000
—  1855  150,000
§1.722,819
March 3,1813 &20.000
March 24, 1814.... 20,000
Febiuaty 10, 1815.. 20,000
April 10, 1816  50,000
March 3,1817  50.000
April 1818   130,000
March 17, 1820.... 81.319
March 3,1821...... 50,000
April 30,1822  30,000
March 5,1835  25,000
May 9,1836   15,000
Match 3. 1837   25,000
Match 3, 1041   97,000
May 18, 1842  46,500
Dcccmbcr 21,1812. 58,500
Mr. A. Iv. MARSHALL. How much does
the Government receive from the seamen annually?
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman from
Kentucky on my left asks me how much wo
receive from the tax upon seamen every year? I
have not been able to trace the matter back for
any very long period, but for a number of years
past it has amounted to something in the neigh-
borhood of one hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars annually.
Mr. SANDIDGE. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will excuse me for interrupting him. Inas-
much as he gives us a smaller sum, as having
been collected, or is collectable, of seamen, than
I know to be true, I should like to say some-
thing to enable him to carry out the line of his
argument.
The laws of this country require that twenty
cents a month shall be deducted from the wages
of the officers and seamen navigating the ocean,
and from the wages of the crews and officers of
vessels on our lakes and rivers. Now, sir, ac-
cording to the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury upon commerce and navigation, the
number of these seamen entering into our ports
from abroad, each year, amount to from one
hundred and forty thousand to one hundred
and fifty thousand. There is an equal number of
persons engaged in our coasting trade and in our
inland navigation. The census of 1850 makes the
total number of persons engaged in this kind of
business about one hundred and twenty thousand.
Now twenty cents a month on that number of
persons would amount to near $300,000 a year;
and if this sum is not collected, it is not the fault
of those seamen, because the law requires that
certain officers shall collect the amount required
by law.
Mr. LETCHER. "Will the gentleman from
Louisiana allow me to call his attention to his own
hospital at New Orleans, to show how much is
paid there, and how much is expended there,
every year?
Mr. SANDIDGE. Certainly.
Mr. LETCHER. The seamen pay at that
point—under the law authorizing the withholding
from the wages of each seaman twenty cents a
month—$8,293 03; and the Government pays out
$45,740 82.
Mr. SANDIDGE. In reply I would ask the
gentleman whose fault it is that a larger amount
is not collected at the port of New Orleans ? Is it
the fault of those seamen? There are officers
there who arc required, by law, to make the col-
lection. Some of the seamen pay, and others do
not, because they are not required by the officers
to do so. Because your officers do not do their
duty, you,forsooth, will put outthe care of these
men by contract, to the lowest bidder!
Mr. LETCHER. I will say to the gentleman,
that at the hospital at New Orleans two thousand
four hundred and sixty-four seamen were ad-
mitted last year, and two thousand two hundred
and ninety-eight were relieved. Now, sir, in re-
gard to the statement that the twenty cents a
month would amount to §300,000 a year, I have
only to say that the officers at New Orleans, as
well as those at other places, must have done
their duty very badly, if I am to judge from the
report made at the Treasury Department in refer-
ence to the amount actually collected.
Mr. TAYLOR. The statement of the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] shows that
he has not considered this subject fully. It is
true, there is a great disproportion between the
amount of money received in New Orleans and
the amount expended in the hospital there. The
reason of that disproportion escaped liis atten-
tion. It is well known to every person who gives
the subject any thought, that at the city of New
Orleans there prevails almost every other year
an epidemic, which is very fatal to the health of
strangers. The commerce which centers at New
Orleans is not, by any means, equal to that which
centers in the city of New York; but if the gen-
tleman will icfer to the statement contained in the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, he will
find that, although the number of seamen fre-
quenting that port is considerably less than that
of those who frequent the port of New York,
still the hospital in the city of New Orleans ren-
ders assistance and medical attendance to nearly
three times as many—largely more than twice as
many—as arc taken care of in the city of New
York.
And now, if the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Wasiiburne,] who is entitled to the floor, will
] indulge me one moment, I will say all that I
desire to say upon this subject. Tins question is
one that is improperly started at this time. This
question is one which involves the abandonment
of the settled policy of this nation, established
from it? foundation; and the point on which the
i! chairman of the Committee of "Ways and Means
!: and my friend from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] base
j j their reasons for proposing to sweep at one stroke
the whole legislation on the subject from the
statute-book, grows out of a failure to regard the
peculiar circumstances which led to the establish-
ment of these hospitals, where the expense of
taking care of the sie.k has been so great, per
head, as to induce them to condemn the existing
system. Now if the members of the committee
will refer to the statement submitted by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in his annual report, which
j is now before the House, what will be discovered?
Why, sir, they will discover that that extraordi-
nary expenditure of which these gentlemen speak
is incurred at only a few of the organized hos-
pitals; it is incurred at Paducah, in Kentucky, at
Napoleon, in Arkansas, at Natchez, in the State
of Mississippi, in hospitals on the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi river, and at Ocracoke, in North Carolina,
! and at Key West and Pcnsacola, in Florida. And
when the gentlemen remember the fact that the
voyages on the Ohio and Mississippi—although
they are inland—although they are made on
streams which have on either hand a numerous
population—are still long, and that the steamers
m passing up and down those streams are often
so placed that their crews, when s truck by disease,
are beyond the reach of medical attendance, and
in consequence of that circumstance the suffering
has been extreme, they will understand why the
hospitals at Paducah, at Napoleon, and at Natchez
were established. The instances of suffering had
been such that the hearts of persons filled with a
philanthropic spirit had been wrung again and
again; and it was the knowledge of these suffer-
ings—the reality and extent of which were known
to all who have traveled there—thatledto theestab-
lishment of those hospitals. And now I will say
to the gentlemen of the committee that if there were
no public hospital at Napoleon, and a steamer
were to arrive there with sick on board, I would
defy the Secretary of the Treasury to improvise
the accommodations necessary to insure proper
care and attention. Napoleon is an inconsiderable
town, composed of but few houses, and there are
not tyre—nor can there be for a long time to
come—the means to render assistance to suffering
seamen, unless they are furnished by a public
hospital supported by the United States; and it
was the existence of that very fact which induced
Congress to establish that hospital, in discharge
of the duty to provide for the sick and disabled
seamen who might arrive which is imposed by
the delegation of power over the whole subject
of commerce made to them by the several States
in the Constitution. The same consideration
operated with respect to Natchez and Paducah.
And, sir, considerations of a similar character
operated upon Congress when they established
a hospital at Key West; and the same considera-
tion led to their establishment at every point
where the expenditures have been great; that
is, the apprehension and belief that without those
hospitals the seamen who might be sick there
would be exposed to suffer for the want of that
assistance and care to which they were entitled.
And that will be seen, Mr. Chairman, if members
only take the pains to refer to the official state-
ments, and see the number of individuals whose
wants were ministered to at these points. At
Napoleon—where it is alleged the expenditure of
ten dollars per day for each inmate was incurred—
how many suffering sailors were relieved ? Forty-
three. I refer to the statement contained in the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, which is
now before the House.
Mr. LETGHER. Will the gentleman take the
trouble to look at the report of the Treasury De-
partment of last year, page 089 ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. There seems to be
somewhat of a discrepancy, Mr. Clerk, in the
printed volume of the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury. At page 248, I find that at Na-
poleon, Arkansas, the number of seamen admit-
ted was forty-three.
Mr. TAYLOR. My reference is to the tabu-
lar statement in the Secretary's annual report
now before the House, and it "will be found en-
tirely correct. In the hospital at Natchez, with
respect to which gentlemen have appeared to bo
so perfectly overwhelmed, the number of seamen
admitted is reported at eighteen. The burden
thrown upon the Government by the extravagant
rates of expense incurred at these hospitals is
truly enormous !
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman will please
allow me to correct him here. It will be seen by
reference to this statement of the accounts of the
hospitals, that, at Natchez the amount expended
for relieving fourteen sick seamen was $4,791.
Now, I desire the friends of this system to ex-
plain how it has happened that it cost so much.
Mr. WASHBURNE. In answer to what the
gentleman from Ohio has said in regard to this
matter, I desire again to call the attention of the
committee to the official statement which I hold
in my hand, of the operation of the marine hos-
pitals, including other arrangements for affording
relief to seamen in the ports of the United States.
This statement shows that there were in the hos-
pital at Natchez eighteen sick seamen.
Mr. TAYLOR, (interrupting.) If the gentle-
man will allow me, I will give the reasons for
this system. The marine hospital system of the
United States extends not only to the seamen
