THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fouutii Congress, 1st Session
TUESDAY, MAY 20, 1856.
Nr.^v Series. .. .No. 81.
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
WILLIAM K. JEXNISGS AND OTHERS,
The bill (S. No. 259) for the relief of William
K. Jennings and others, reported by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It provides for the payment, out of the fund
heretofore leceived from Great Britain under the
first article of the treaty of Ghent, for slaves taken
and carried away by the forces of Great Britain,
during the war of 1812, of the following sums:
To William K. Jennings and wife, for four
slaves at $280, $1,120; to Henry A. Wise,for one
slave, $280; toAnn Robinson, for one slave, $280;
to Edward Rudd, for six slaves at $280, $1,680;
to Robert Lindsay's representative, for one slave,
$390.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
J. RANDOLPH CLAY.
The bill, (S. 2G0,) reported from the Committee
on Foreign Relations, for the relief of .T. Ran-
dolph Clay, was read the second time, and con-
sidered as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to allow to Mr. Clay, Envoy Ex-
traordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the
United States to the Government of Peru, the
sum of $1,312 50, being the difference between
the salary allowed him as charge d'affaires from
March 16, 1853, (the date of his appointment as
minister,) to the 3Uth of June following, after
which he was allowed a compensation according
to his rank.
On the 16th of March, 1853, while holding the
office and performing the duties of United States
charge d'affaires to Peru, Mr. Clay was duly ap-
pointed and commissioned by the President as
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten-
tiary of the United States to that Government,
which, under the law, as it then existed, entitled
him to a salary of $9,000 per annum from the date
of his new commission; but for want of an ap-
propriation for that purpose he only received the
former salary of $4,500 per annum up to the 30th
of June subsequent to the date of his new ap-
pointment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN S- PENDLETON.
The Senate next considered, as in Committee
of the Whole, the bill of the House of Represent-
atives (No. 72) for the relief of John S. Pendleton.
Its purpose is to allow to Mr. Pendleton §9,000
for full compensation whilst employed as Min-
ister of the United States on special mission to
the Oriental Republic of Uruguay, in the year
1852, deducting therefrom any amount which he
may have heretofore received as compensation
for this mission; and $9,000 as full compensation
for his services in the same character to the Re-
public of Paraguay, in the year 1853, deducting
therefrom any amount of money he may have
heretofore received as compensation fortius mis-
sion.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JOHN HASTINGS.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill, (S. No. 269,)
reported from the Committee on Claims, for the
relief of John Hastings, collector of the port of
Pittsburg.
Mr. HALE. I know nothing about this ease,
except from the reading of the report, and that
has failed to satisfy me. I feel constrained to
oppose this bill; and I must ask the attention of
the Senate for a moment or two, while I state my
exceptions to it. If it be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to pass over this bill, and consider those which
give rise to no debate, I have no objection.
81
j Several Senators. Lot us disnot-e of this bill
! now.
| Mr. HALE. Very we'l. The bill proposes
j to pay a traction loss than ten thousand dollars
| for money which is alleged to have been stolon
| from Mr. Hastings while-* he was acting as col-
! lector nt Pittsburg. I know nothing on earth
j about Mr. Hastings, or about this case, cxeept
. as it is presented in the report of the Committee
| on Claims; and I think it altogether unsafe to
j pass such a bill on such a showing. In the fust
! place the testimony of the robbery consists of the
1 evidence of Mr. Hastings entirely, not confirmed
| or corroborated by a single being.
Mr. WELLER. It is corroborated by his
physician.
Mr. HALE. The physician found him in a
certain situation. 1 have seen people in the sit-
uation described by this physician who had been
robbed )f something else than money.
Again, the testimony going to show that there
was any money in the .safe at the time of the al-
leged robbery, if I understand the report aright,
rests entirely on the statement of Mr. Hastings.
Then, sir, you have the fact of the money being
in his possession, and the fact of his being robbed
—the material points — resting entirely on his
uncorroborated testimony. I will read the evi-
dence, briefly. Mr. Hastings says:
"That be lel'r the rustom-hou>.o on the evening of the
10th of March, about a quaitcr past five o'clock, and went
home to supper. At hall-past mx he stalled to go out, and
when he got within three or foui step-* of the side-walk
(ou In* fiont step*) a short, thick man presented himself
nt front, and at the same time he heaid footsteps behind.
Oil turning to look he saw a tall man approaching. At tins
moment the first man caught him by the throat, pushed
bun back on the steps, when the othei man eame up and
stiuek him on the side of the head, bv which he was
stunned and lo.-<f all ftu thcr recollection ; that when he left
the cuMrmi-hou^c he left Mr. Tavlor. the deputy surveyor,
and Cupples. the watchman, in the office ; that there weie
in the vault three basjs of gold; two containing ftf>,000 each,
tied up, and one bag containing untied
The fact of that gold being there at that time,
as I have read the evidence, is uncorroborated by
anybody. Mark, Mr. Hastings says he left
the custom-house on the 10th of March, at about
quarter past five o 'clock, and went home to supper,
and that he left Mr. Taylor and Mr. Cupplosm
the custom-house. Mr. Taylor testifies that on
that evening he left the custom-house three quar-
ters of an hour after this, and that he left Mr.
Hastings there. I will read his testimony pres-
ently.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator from New
Hampshire will permit me to interrupt him, 1 will
move that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed for one week. Let us take the sense
of the Senate on that motion, in order that we
may decide whether we shall go on with bills that
will cause no debate.
Mr. HALE I have not the least objection to
that.
Mr. BR.ODHEAD. I hope that we shall dis-
pose of this case now. It was under considera-
tion two weeks ago, and was then postponed.
We may as well disnose of it now as at any other
time. 1 know that gentlemen arc anxious for the
disposition of other bills, to which there is no
objection; but I think it is due to this gentleman
and to the committee that this case should now be
disposed of.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I will change my
motion, and move that the bill lie on the table,
and when we have got through the others we can
take it up. There will be time for it then.
Mr. BRODHEAD. We shall not be able to
take it up to-day if we once pass it over. Itmust
either be disposed of now or postponed. It is
well known that this day week is fixed on by
common consent for taking up the carpets and
renovating the Hall. To postpone the bill now
is to postpone it for two or three weeks. I hope,
therefore, that we shall go on with it; I think we
can dispose of it in a few minutes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I persist in my motion to
lay it on the table.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope that motion will not
prevail.
j The PRESIDENT. The motion is not debat-
The motion 10 lav on the table was not no-reed
! to.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, it is no pleasure
; to me to occupy the time of the Senate, t can as-
, sure you. What I do is from a simple desire to
| discharge my duty as a member of'the Senate.
I do not know this man, or one of his friends, or
■ one of the robbery.
; I was remarking that Mr. Hastings testified
that he left the custom-house at a quaiter after
^ five o'clock, to go home to supper, and left Tny-
1 lor and Cupples there in the room. Taylor tes-
; tiiies that lie went away at six o'clock—three
i quarters of an hour afterwards—and left Hastings
' in the room. That is a plain contradiction. Hast-
I ings went home, took his tea, walked out, and
1 shortly after six o'clock this attack was made.
. It was in March. Wc know that, duiing that
! month, it is not dark before half pastsix o'clock,
j This occurred in a thickly populated city, con-
I taming something like one hundred thousand in-
I habitants, 1 think.
i Mr. BIGLER. Mr. Ilasfings lived in Alle-
i ghany city, on the opposite Mde of the river from
| Pittsburg.
Mr. HALE. That is n place, if I understand
it, which holds about the same relation,geograph-
ically, to Pittsburg, that Georgetown does to
Washington. It is, in fact, part of the same
city.
Mr. SEWARD. Or Brooklyn to New York-
Mr. HALE. No, sir; there is no bridge at
Brooklyn. This occurred in a city containing a
population of more than one hundred thousand.
The collector of the port at about dusk, ou the
steps of his own door, is knocked down in this
city, and, according to his own account, robbed
of the keys of this vault; and yet, as I said before,
taking the testimony as it is presented, the fact
that there was any money to be lobbed rests on
his own unsupported statement. None of the
other officers and employes of the custom-housc,
who have been examined, testify that there was
a single dollar there. There is no evidence on
this point further than his own statement that
there were two bags of gold tied up, each con-
taining $5,000, and one which was not tied con-
taining 4,2,876. This thief, this robber, knocked
him down on his frontsteps, before he got to the
sidewalk, and then, if the theory on which this
money is to be taken out of the Treasury be true,
the robber walked down to the custom-house,
unlocked the vault, and went in and helped him-
self to the gold. Now, what do you suppose he
did with the only bag which was open, and there*
fore the only one in which he could be certain
j that there was any gold? He took thatup, turned
j it upside down, and scattered its contents on the
l floor of the vault, for Mr. Taylor, the deputy
i collector, testifies that—
j " Each had a key to the vault, counted the money scat-
j tered on the floor of the vault, and found $2,876 in gold, and
] fifty cents in silvei.'5
Mr. Hastings says the gold which was in the
bag that was untied was $2,876. This is the way
in which this robbery was perpetrated. In order
to give this money to the claimant fou have to
come to an extraordinary conclusion. Throwing
aside the contradiction between himself and the
deputy collector, (for he says he went away at
a quarter after five, and left the deputy collector
there, and the deputy says that he went away at
six o'clock, and left the collcctor there,) you have
to believe that about dusk—for remember this
was on the 10th of March, and it was about half
past six o'clock—he came tfut of his house, and
was thus knockcd down and robbed at his own
front door, in the midst of a population of from
one hundred thousand to one hundred and fifty
thousand.
The testimony of Dr. McCook is brought in
to corroborate this. What does he say ?
" Dr. McCook was sent for, and states that he was called
at eight or half past eight o'clock, and found Mr. Hastings
in a very critical condition, pulseless, with a very cold skm,
