1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
545
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
His endeavor to be «n attempt to whistle (
to keep up his courage by defiant assaults upon
us all. 1 «"i  n doubt as to what can be his object.
He has not hesitated to charge three fourths of
the Senate with fraud, with swindling, with crime,
with imamy, at least one hundred times over in
his speech. Is it his object to provoke some
of us' to kick htm as we would a dog in the
«treet, that he niav get sympathy upon the just
chastisement: What is the object of this denun-
ciation against the body of which we are mem-
bers: A hundred times he has called the Ne-
braska bill a " swindle," an act of crime, an act
of infamy, and each time went on to illustrate
the complicity of each man who voted for it in
perpetrating the crime. He has brought it home
as a personal charge to those who passed the
Nebraska bill, that they were guilty of a crime
which deserved the just indignation of Heaven,
and should make them infamous among men.
Who are the Senators thus arraigned? He
does me the honor to make me the chief. It was
my good hick to have such a position in tins
body as to enable me to be the author of a great,
wise measure, which the Senate has approved,
and the country will indorse. That measure was
sustained by about three fourths of all the mem-
bens of the'Senate. It was sustained by a ma- !
jorityof the Democrats and a majority of the ,
Whigs in this body. It was sustained by a ma-
jority of Senators from the slaveholding States,
aud a majority of Senators from the free States.
The Senator by his charge of crime, then, stul-
tifies three fourths of the whole body, a majority
of the North, nearly the whole South, a majority
of Whigs, and a majority of Democrats here.
He says they are infamous. If he so believed,
who could suppose that he would ever show his
face among such a body of men ? How dare he
approach one of those gentlemen to give him his
hand after that act? If he felt the courtesies be-
tween men he would not do it. He would deserve
to have himself spit in the face for doing so.
This charge is made against the body of which
we are members. It is not a charge made in the
heat of debate. It is not made as a retort grow-
ing out of an excited controversy. If it were of
that nature, I could make much allowance for it.
I can pay great deference to the frailties and the
impulses of an honorable man, when indignant at
what he considers to be a wrong. If the Senator,
betraying that he was susceptible of just indig-
nation, had been goaded, provoked, and aggra-
vated, on the spur of the moment, into the utter-
ence of harsh things, and then apologized for them
in his cooler hours, I could respect him much
more than if he had sever made such a departure
from the rules of the Senate; because it would ,
show that he had a heart to appreciate what is
due among brother Senators and gentlemen.
But, sir, itnappens to be well known, it has been
the subject of conversation for weeks, that the
Senator from Massachusetts had his speech writ-
ten, printed, committed to memory, practiced
every night before the glass with a negro boy to
hold the candle and watch the gestures, and
annoying the boarders in the adjoining rooms un-
til they were forced to quit the House! [Laughter.]
It was rumored that he read part of it to friends,
and they repeated in all the saloons and places of
amusement in the city what he was going to say.
The 1 ibels, the gross insults which we have heard
to-day have been conned over, written with cool,
deliberate malignity, repeated from night to night
in order to catch the appropriate grace, and then
he came here to spit forth that malignity upon men
who differ from nim—for that is their offense.
Mr. President, I ask what right has that Sena-
tor to come here and arraign three fourths of the
body for a direliction of duty ? Is there any- :
thing in the "means by which he got here to give
him a superiority over other gentlemen who came
by the ordinary means? Is there anything to <
justify it in the fact that he came here with a de-
liberate avowal that he would never obey one
clause of the Constitution Of the United States,
and yet put his hand upon the Holy Bible, in the
presence of this body, and appealed to Almighty
God to witness that he would be faithful to the
Constitution with a pledge to peijure his soul by
violating both that oath and the Constitution?!
He came here with a pledge to pctjtire himself i
New Series—No. 35.
as the condition of eligibility to the place. Has
he a right to arraign us because we have felt it
to be our duty to be faithful to that Constitution
which he disavows—to that oath which he as-
sumes and then repudiates?
The Senate have not forgotten the debate on
the fugitive slave law, when that Senator said, in
reply to a question whether he was in favor of
carrying into effect that clause of the Constitu-
tion for the rendition of fugitive slaves—" Is thv
servant a dog that he should do this thing?" A
dog—to do what you swore you would do! A
dog—to be true to the Constitution of your coun-
try 1 A dog—to be true to your oath! A dog—
unless you are a traitor! That was his position;
and still he comes here and arraigns us for crime,
and'talks about "audacity! " Did mortal man
•ever witness such audacity in an avowed crimi-
nal ? He comes here with a pledge to defy the
Constitution of his country, and the wrath of
God, by not obeying his oath, and then talks
about audacity. In what does my audacity, of
which he speaks, consist ? It consists in the fact
that, coming from a free State, born in a free State,
with associations all around me tinctured strongly
with anti-slavery, when I was electcd to the Sen-
ate, and took an oath to be true to the Constitu-
tion, I would not violate that oath, even in obe-
dience to a popular prejudiceat home. My crime
consists in saying to my people,' • So long as that
Constitution requires the fugitive slave to go back,
so long will I,as a citizen or a representative, be
faithful to that clause of the Constitution, as well
as to every other." I tell the people with whom
I live that I do not desire a man to represent me
who, for the sake of getting an office, will take
an oath to be true to the Constitution, with a
secret pledge to violate it. I do not wish to have
a man on the bench to administer justice who, in
order to get the place, will take an oath to be
faithful to the Constitution, and then repudiate
both the Constitution and the oath. I tell my
people," If you want perjurers to represent you,
get the men who believe in a higher law than the
Constitution ! Because I am faithful to the Con-
stitution of my country, I am arraigned asa con-
spirator, as a traitor, as a man guilty of crime.
Is there any other reason ? If I would follow the
popular prejudice of the section where I was born,
where 1 live, and where I hope to die; if I would
fan the flame of sectional excitement and strife
to the very point of consuming this glorious tem-
ple of freedom, I should be as pure a man, and
as pure a patriot, as these men who live under
constitutions which they do not respect, and will
not obey! I have been burned and hung in effigy
under the advice and arrangement of these con-
spirators here, because of my fidelity to the Con-
stitution of the country, and to the principles to
which I stood pledged, and which my judgment
approved.
Here allow me to remind the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] of my sincerity to
him when I told him the other day that I was
glad to hear him say that Whigs and Democrats
were both alike on the slavery question; and all
Whigs, to be consistent, must go with the Sen-
ator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] and the
Democratic party under the Nebraska creed. My
treachery consists, then, in having been true to the
platform to which every Whig and every Demo-
crat in America pledged his honor in 1852; and yet
your ranks are made up with men who have ap-
proved of that principle, and now, according to the
Senator from New Hampshire,have proved treach-
erous to their principles and their professions. You
cannotget a candidate for the presidency in your
ranks who has not to turn traitor to his pledges
made in 1852, in order to accept your nomination.
You have not one spoken of who will not have to
do it, beginning witn the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward.] If the Senator from New Hamp-
shire is correct, he denounces his rival from New
York, who sits by his side, as a traitor to the
platform of 1852 and its principles, in order to get
a Black Republican nomination now. [Laughter.]
Go where you will, all your men are in the stfne
category. You pledged yourselves, in 1852, to
carry out these great principles; you have be-
trayed and abandoned them; and you think that
the game of" Stop thief! " will win Dy charging
me with being a traitor for the reason that I do
not follow y6u. I have stood by my principles,
by my pledges, by the Constitution, and by my
oath. If I had abandoned them, I could have
had the applause of all these Black Republican
leaders.
I do not intend to-day to go into the discussion
of the Kansas question, or of the regularity of the
proceedings there. I have shown on a former
occasion, conclusively, that the conduct of the
leaders of the State movement there is an act of
rebellion against the Constitution and laws of the
country. What is the defense? The defense is
that they are carrying out the principles of the
Declaration of Independence; that they are doing
what our fathers did in the Revolution; that they
have a right to do what our fathers did; and,
hence, inasmuch as our fathers were rebels against
England, they have a right to be rebels against
the United States of America. The argument
would hold good, provided they prove that the
American Constitution is as vile as the English
constitution; provided they prove that the Amer-
ican Government is as oppressive as the British
Government; but until they prove that this Gov-
ernment is so weak, so corrupt, so unjust, that
it is better to destroy it than to live under it, they
must abandon this revolutionary right under the
Declaration of Independence. That they are
aiming at revolution is no longer to be disguised.
"Revolution" is becoming their watch-word.
And why ? Because disunion is the object.
Ambitious leaders are not willing to trust their
political fortune to a vote where the North and
the South vote alike for or against the same man.
They must drive this point to'disunion, for they
now do not hope in this coming election, which
! has been so proudly alluded toby the Senator from
! Massachusetts, to run a man who can avow his
! principles in one half of the States of this Union.
It may be that you have come to the conclusion
that it is better to give up all your principles for
power, andjience get a man who does not occupy
a distinct position or represent any one defined
sentiment; but why not be as daring and defiant
now as you were eighteen months ago, when
you organized mobs to put down the freedom of
speech—when you armed your bullies, and sent
! them into Democratic meetings to prevent a Ne-
i braska man from being heard. I do not ask you
to resort to the violence you then used. I prefer
that you should withdraw your secret orders for
assassination by which the public officers of the
country are being murdered in Kansas. I do not
ask you to practice your violence; but avQw the
same creed which you did then. That creed was
the repeal of the Kansas-Nebraska act, the repeal
of the fugitive slave law, the abolition of sla-
very in the District of.Columbia, the abolition of
the slave trade between the States, the admission
of no more territory into this Union unless sla-
very should be first prohibited.
Your principles were then to strike at the root,
and no man was deemed sound who did not sub-
scribe to that creed. Now we are told that there
is but a single issue;and what is that? Admit
Kansas as a free State, and dodge the constitu-
tional question, upon the ground that the pet>ple
have decided in favor of freedom. Why dodge
every principle which you profess? We were
told that you were going to avow them; we were
told that you were going to pass your bills. I
reminded you, some time ago, of the report that
you had organized the other House with the un-
derstanding that no bill should be passed to carry
out any one principle which you professed, or to
redeem any one pledge which you had made.
You have the committees; you have the organi-
zation of the House. If you mean what you say;
if you are honest in what you tell the people,
pass your bills through that fusion House. No;
your game is to stop the Government; to with-
hold the appropriations for the Army—for the
Navy—for the civil and diplomatic expenses—
for all Government purposes—and produce an-
archy and confusion. Why not allow the Gov-
ernment to go on, but pass your bills as you said
you would ? If you cannot get reports under the
rules, when you have control of them, with your
own Speaker; your own committees; your own
officers—everything packed in your own way—
if you have any pretext of that kind, I will guar-
anty unanimous consent on this side of the House
