1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
engaged in foreign commerce and in the coasting
trade, and to the seamen employed on the steam-
boats which navigate the Mississippi river and its
tributaries, but it is, by the act of 1802, if I rec-
ollect aright, extended to those who navigate the
river on flatboats and rafts, and all other species
of vessels or means made use of for the trans-
portation of produce; and therefore, when it ap-
pears, by the report, that there are no seamen,
the reports refers, undoubtedly, to seamen taken
from steamboats. But the fact that those other
individuals were there, show that these individ-
uals were entitled to the advantages of this sys-
tem; and these individuals were from among the
thousands who, year after year, float down the
great rivers of the "West, having under their
charge produce to the value of millions and mil-
lions of dollars—men who are as useful to our
internal trade, and who are as much entitled to
the care and protection ofGovernment when suf-
fering from the dangers and exposure incident to
their laborious pursuits, as those who are digni-
fied with the name of seamen.
Mr. WASHBURNE. When I was inter-
rupted by the gentleman from Louisiana, I was
considering the statement of the gentleman from
Kentucky, in regard to the amount of moneys
received from seamen. I only refer back to two
or three years, and find that the amount so col-
lected reaches about $150,000 per annum I find
that in the year ending June 30, 1853, there was
collected about $130,000; in the year 1854,about
$146,000; in the year 1855, $139,000. And it is
proper to state in this connection, what has al-
ready been stated by the gentleman from Louisi-
ana, [Mr. Sandidge,] that there apparently
should have been a very much larger sum col-
lected from seamen, taking into consideration the
number of them who are engaged in the commerce
of the country. But if the whole amount that
should have been collected from these seamen has
not been collected, it is the fault of the Govern-
ment.
Well, sir, let me pursue this subject a little
further. Let me ask what aie the particular
reasons for bringing forward this proposition at
this time? Have there been any recentcxiraordi-
nary expenses and new abuses? Has it cost us
more to take care of our sick seamen for the
past year, in proportion to their number, than in
years gone by? How is it? In the year ending
June 30, 1853, the number of seamen admitted
into the marine hospitals was 10,383. • The total
amount of expenditure was &247.540 54. Hos-
pital money collected, $130,215 52.
In the year ending June 30, 1854, there were
9,963 seamen admitted into the hospitals. Total
expenditure,$286,115 Gt>. Hospital money col-
lected, $130,215 52.
In the year ending June 30, 1855, 13,G40 sea-
men were admitted to the hospitals, and the total
expenditure was $293,734 24. The hospital
money collected was $139,479 15.
It will be seen, therefore, that during the last
year there were 3,677 more seamen admitted to
the marine hospital, than the year previous, yet
it only cost the Government $7,618 58 more than it
did the year previous, showing a decided improve-
ment m the management of the hospitals; and
putting this matter on the ground of extravagance,
as the Ways and Means seem to, it would appear
that there is not the same ground for this legis-
tion now which would have existed a yearago.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. How much did the
gentleman say was expended in 1853?
Mr. WASHBURNE. $247,540 54.
Mr. FULLER. Where?
Mr. WASHBURNE. In the whole country.
Mr FULLER. Including the amount paid for
foreign seamen?
Mr. WASHBURNE. No, sir ; it is the whole
amount expended for our seamen during that
year, including the deficiency which was appro-
priated.
Mr. FULLER. Does the gentleman say that
amount was expended in the several collection
districts of the country?
Mr. WASHBURNE. That is the entire
amount which was expended, as the gentleman
will sec by reference to the official document which
I have before me.
Mr. FULLER. What documentp I think the
amount the gentleman has stated was expended
in part for the relief of seamen in foreign countries.
That is my recollection. The amount expended
has been about the same for a series of years.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I think the gentleman
is mistaken. This is only expended for the sick
and disabled seamen in our own ports.
Mr. FULLER. No, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I think the appropri-
ations that have been made for seamen abroad
have been appropriations distinct from the appro-
priations for deficiencies for our seamen at home.
Now, sir, in regard to this whole system which
the Committee of Ways and Means propose to
change, I beg leave to call attention to tne proviso
which is contained in the bill before the comn "
tec. Here it is:
" Provide^ That the .Secretary of the Ticasury isnereby
authorized to change the present system of providing rehel'
for sick and doubled s-enuieii hv dismissing from seivice the
employs of the Government, leading the manne hospital
at micI) points a> in In* judgment the public interefticquires
a change, to puvate individuals, city or town authorities, or
private associations, on terms pioviding for the necessary
attention to seamen entitled to iclief: Jlndjtrovidcd further,
That the faid Secietary shall suspend all further expendi-
tures of money heretofore appropriated for the purchase of
I site', and the constiuction of marine hospitals at those
l poinib where the constiuction of buildings has not been
! commenced, and that the said Sccretaiy leport to Confess
annually the arrangements which he may have made undei
this proviso."
It will be pcrceivcd that under this proviso, as
it now stands in the bill, you take the authority
in reference to all of these matters out of the power
that has always heretofore exercised it. You
deprive Congress of its jurisdiction over a groat
interest, and place th e wh o3 e matter in the hands of
the Secretary of the Treasury; you permit him to
dismiss from the public service all the employes of
the Government, and lease all the marine hospitals
m the country. Whatever confidence we may
have in any particular Secretary of the Treasury,
still I am indisposed to yield up the authority
over the subject which Congress now exercises
to any one man.
Again: you further provide for a suspension of
all further expenditures for the construction of
these hospitals at points where the construction
of buildings has not been commenced. Congress
j has heretofore,upon full consideration, made ap-
I propriations for building several hospitals m dif-
ferent parts of the country where it was believed
they were needed; but, without any hraiing,
without any reasons given, these works are all to
be stricken down, and the money appropriated is
I to go back into your overflowing Treasury; and
' the sick seamen will have to take care of them-
selves at many of the points. The last Congress,
upon reasons satisfactory, determined certain hos-
; pitals should be built; and it is proposed that this
i Congress, without any reasons, shall forbid their
: construction. Gentlemen tell us that great abuses
have crept into the system, and that we arc carry -
j ing it to an alarming extent. In the actual state
| of facts, I see no cause for alarm. How many
i marine hospitals have you built and which aie
I now m operation ? I have before stated their num-
ber to bo fourteen, and there are appropriations
made for twelve more. I have a statement which
I have made up of the amount that has been ap-
propriated to build these fourteen hospitals, and
which shows their location and the amount ap-
propriated for each:
Location. Jlmouni of appropriations.
Boston, Massachusetts, (at Chelsea)  $-26,000
Cleveland, Ohio    88.576
Chicago, Illinois  57.712
Key West, Flonda  25,000
Louisville, Kentucky  61,167
Mobile, Alabama  13,4:20
Napoleon, Aikansas    59.-2.30
Nateliez, Mississippi  65,250
New Orleans, Louisiana  130.000
Norfolk, Vngmia  13.800
Oraeoke, Ncuth Carolina  ]0,000
Paducah, Kentucky     56,625
Pitt-'btng, Pennsylvania  61,4^3
San Fiancisco, Cahlorma  '224,000
Total cost of fourteen orgamzpd hospitals... .$902,683
There are appropriations for thirteen new hos-
pitals, and we will see what the appropriations
for all of them amount to:
Detroit  #75,000
Cincinnati   50.000
Portland    60,000
Builington, Iowa  15,000
Vicksburg  65,0U0
Galena *  15,000
St. Marks  5.000
St Louis  92,000
Evansville,,. ►         47,000
Pensaeola    66,000
Burlington, Vermont  35,000
Wilmington, North Carolina    40,000
New Oileans..,.,    248,000
$893,000
Deduct for sale of old hospital at New Orleans, 130,000
Leaving cost of all the new hospitals  $693,000
And now, to sum up the whole amount of
money expended by the Government from the
beginning to this time in relieving its sick and
disabled seamen in every part of the country, let
us see what it is:
Whole amount of appropriations for fourteen organized
ho>pilaK  $902,683
Whole amount of appropriations for thirteen new
hospitals ,.... 693,00ft
Whole amount ot deficiencies in the fund l'or sick
and disabled seamen  1,729,819
Total amount $3,318,502
Yes, Mr. Chairman, the whole amount that
this great commercial nation has ever expended
for the beneficent object of caring for, protecting
and relieving its sick seamen, is but a trifle over
three millions of dollars! And yet the expendi-
ture of that sum in sixty years for a great pur-
pose of this kind is made the ground-work for
the passage of the proviso in the bill. Other
enormous expenditures can be made by Congress
and they arc all right. Why, sir, there is a pro-
position now before the Committee on Military
Affairs of this House for expending $3,000,GOG
(nearly as much as the whole amount expended
for taking carc of sick seamen and building hos-
pitals) to burnish up and improve the arms of
the United Stales, and $75,000 more is asked this
morning to be spent on the armory at Springfield,.
Massachusetts, and nobody proposes, I believe,
to abandon our military system.
Now, sir, I ask again, where is the abuse that
has been complained of in this matter ? Gentle-
men cannot, with propriety, urge that, because a
large amount has been expended at Natchez in
proportion to the number of persons admitted
there, the system has been abused. The gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] referred to
the fact, that a large amount had been expended
in New Orleans in comparison with the amount
received from the seamen there. But the elfect of
the statement m regard to Natchez would be some-
what lessened by comparing the amount expended
by that received. By a statement which I have
before me of the amount received from seamen
at that point, with the amount expended there,
the amount received at Natchez during the last
year was, according to the official report, $4,774,
and the amount expended was $4,982 84—a little
more than $200 more expended than was received
during the same period. The gentleman also
refers to the port of Napoleon. Now, if he will
compare the amount collected with that expended
at that port, he will see that the discrepancy is
not very great.
I say, therefore, that it is no argument in favor
of a change of a whole system to select out iso-
lated instances to prove abuses. The first appro-
priation for marine hospitals was made in 1798.
Fifteen thousand dollars were appropriated to
construct a hospital in the district of Massachu-
setts. The second was made m 1802. Two
thousand dollars were appropriated to take care
of sick seamen in the port of New Orleans. The
appropriation was made before we had acquired
the Territory of Louisiana. Yet our Govern-
ment, looking to the proper disbursement of a
fund collected from seamen, made an appropria-
tion to Now Orleans for the purpose of taking
care of sick seamen there as early as 1802. From
that time up to the present the Government has
gone on, and is going on, to make appropriations
for these hospitals. Still, the whole amount, in-
cluding deficiencies and everything else, is, as I
have stated, only $3,000,000; and the table to
which I have referred shows that the average
cost at all of the hospitals is only ninety-five
cents per day. I appeal to gentlemen whether
that is an extravagant sum ? Ninety-five cents
includes everything; attention of nurses, doctor's
bills, and everything else.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will inform the commit-
tee that the statistics show that the average cost
at the forty-three points at which seamen are
