2156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 15,
Mr. IVERSON. I hope we shall now concur
In the amendments of the House.
Mr. SEWARD. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I must with regretvote against
the amendment, though 1 think the compensation
ought to be increased; but I take a different view
of it as it regards my own sense of right. I allow
every other man to judge for himself according to
his view, and impugn the motives of no one; but
I am compelled to vote against the amendments
of the House to the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 18; as follows:
YJ3 AS—Messrs. Biggs, Brodhead, Butler, Douglas, Dur-
kee, Fish, Foster, Hale, Ivei*on, James. Jones of Iowa,
Jones of Tennessee, Reid, Stuart, Tlion^on of New Jersey,
Trumbull, YVeller, IViNon, Wright, and Yulee—20.
NAYS—Messrs-. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Big-
ler, Bright, Cass, Clay, Coilamei, Geycr, Houston, Hunter,
Ma^on, Pugh, Seward, Slidell, Toombs, and Wade—18.
So the amendments of the House were con-
curred in.-.
Mr. WELLER. I move now to resume the
consideration of the civil appropriation bill.
Mr. IVERSON. An amendment to this bill is
necessary, in consequence of the bill which has
just passed both Houses for the payment of
members of Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. I voted against the House
amendments to that bill because I did not like
them; but I am disposed to rcconsider, and vote
with those gentlemen who voted for them, and
share the responsibility. [ do not think the
amendment sent down by the House is proper;
but it is better than the old compensation. £ am,
therefore, willing to move to reconsider the vote
on the, passage of the bill, so that I may vote
with those gentlemen who passed it.
Mr. ALLEN. I hope it may be reconsidcre<J,
and made unanimous.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope some gentleman who
voted in the affirmative will move a reconsidera-
tion.
Mr. STUART. I will move a reconsideration.
Mr. SEWARD. I hear one gentleman on the
other side of the House say, that he wishes the
reconsideration in order that the vote may be
made unanimous. I only desire to know whether
we are to be expected to record our votes'
Mr. HUNTER. I do not mean that those
who think that any change is wron^ should vote
for it. 1 only meant to say that, although I could
not vote for it as an amendment to the original
bill, I was willing to vote for it as better than the
old system.
Mr. REWARD. By unanimous consent, the
Senator from Virginia may be allowed to change
iiis vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cannot
be done under the rule.
Mr. WELLER. Let every Senator's name
be recorded, who will take the money.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PREvSI DENT pro tempore. The question
now is on agreeing to the amendment of the
House.
Mr SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I am perfectly willing to bear
any responsibility, as regards the question of
increase of compensation, and 1 should be willing
to accede to the views of gentlemen, if 1 could.
That is not the question which weighs with me;
but, in my judgment, it is a question of power—
of rightful legislation. I diner from other gen-
tlemen. They cannot ask me to sacrifice that
opinion. It is not with the view to any popular
effect, I do no weigh that a feather m my esti-
mate; but it id my own judgment whethei it
applied to me, or any other person, or any other
set of officers, that 1 think the principle of retro-
spective payment for service wrong.
Mr. liUNTER. I have attained my object,
as far as 1 am concerned. I am willing that the
motion should be withdrawn, that the Senate may
go on with the appropriation bills.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 12; as follows:
\XAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of Tennessee, Bta^, Bright,
Biudhead, Brown, Butler, Douglas, Dutkee, I'VIi, Foster,
Hale, Hunter, Ivcrsou, J-ame*, .Tone* of Iowa, Jones of
Tem.escee. Mason, UvicL Stuart. Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombs, Trumbull, Weller, Wilson, Wright, and Yulee—
27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Cass, Clay, Collamer,
Foot, Gever, Houston, Pugh, Seward, Slidell, and Wade—
12.
So the amendments of the House were con-
curred in.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration- of the bill making
appropriations for certain civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1857.
Mr. IVERSON. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to make provision to pay the compensation
of members of Congress, under the bill which we
have just passed.
Mr. HUNTER. That bill is not a law yet.
It has not been signed by the President, and
therefore it is not proper to propose the amend-
ment.
Mr. IVERSON. That makes it a law. It is
a law when the amendment is put on the bill.
The fact that it is in the bill itself makes it a law.
Mr. STUART. I hope the chairman of the
Committee on Finance will not object, because it
is evidently a bill which will be signed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is, to insert at the end of the lirst section:
Foradditional compensation and mileage ofScnators for
the present Congress, $-178,138.
For additional compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of rhe lion^e of Representatives and Delegates from
Territoiies for the present Congress, $773,432.
Mr. IVERSON. That is an appropriation for
the whole Congress; for the next session, as well
as the present session.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I desire to renew
an amendment in behalf of the clerks at the "Wash-
ington navy-yard. Having had consultation with
the Committee on Naval "Affairs on the subject,
I think this is a proper time to make the com-
pensation -what it was by the act of 1854. My
amendment is:
And he it fmiher maticd, That the cleiks, and others
in the Washington navy-uud hinll he entitled to the com-
pensation authorized l>v the act approved Apnl 22, 1854.
It is merely gmng compensation as has been
done for two years.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment was ruled out of order before.
Mr. PELL, of Tennessee. But I have had
the committee together, and it is recommended
by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The question being taken, there was, on a
division—ayes 13, noes 13; no quorum voting.
Mr. 11UIYTE1L There is a quorum here. I
hone Senators will come in and vote.
Mr. "WELLER. May I not, with propriety,
ask for a withdrawal of the amendment?
Mr. BROWN and Mr. HUNTER called for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. HELL, of Tennessee. I will withdraw
the amendment. I do not know that T shall offer
it again; but it is according to law, and is only
declaratory.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have an amend mentwhich
is a very small matter, but yet an important one.
By a law passed last year Illinois was divided
into two judicial districts. The law required the
records of one to be transcribed for the other,
but did not provide compensation for that service.
1 have an amendment to this bill, prepared at the
Department of the Interior, to accomplish that
object: ^
sbul bp it fmllier cnuetcd. That tlx1 compensation of the
clerk of the district and circuit courts ot the Kmted States
tor the southern district of Illinois., tor transcribing reitain
record.- undei the act of Con!ircs>, approved April 18)6,
shall he the same i*i authorized hv the act of February
2<>, 18."):*, conceimnu: fce-i and eo<H for copying records and
attending courts during then Pitting.
Mr. HUNTER. This is for paying a private
claim. ■
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir. The work may
have been begun by this time, hut if is not fin-
ished. Last session the work was ordered to be
done. The clerk has to go on and do it, but no
provision has been made to pay him for doing it.
'This amendment has been prepared by the De-
partment of the Interior.
Mr. HUNTER. Does it come from a com-
mittee?
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. Then it is out of order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir; it does not appro-
priate money. It merely provides for the mode
of compensation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the amend-
ment recommended by one of the standing com-
mittees ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is not reported from a
standing committee, but comes from a Depart
ment. It does not appropriate money. It is
merely directing the mode of carrying out the
existing law. I received it from the Department.
It was sent to me, and I was asked to offer it to
carry out an existing law. It is only two or three
hundred dollars, perhaps, and the law requires
these transcripts to be made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will submit the question to the Senate, whether
the amendment shall be received.
The amendment was received and adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in.
Mr. SEWARD. I now offer the amendment
which I submitted in Committee of the Whole,
in relation to custom-houses, and ask for the yeas
and nays upon it. •
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want to call the
attention of my friends from Pennsylvania and
Maryland to a fact in the appropriation bill which
I have voted for, and which they have voted for,
in this very bill. They all voted against allowing
$50,000 to build a post office, custom-house, ana
court-house, in the capital of my State, and now
on this very bill I find $378,000 appropriated for
that specific purpose in the city of Philadelphia,
in the State represented by my two friends from
Pennsylvania. I find in the same bill $467,000
appropriated for the same objects in the city of
Baltimore. Now, the whole appropriation asked
for all these places exceeds very little the isolated
appropriation for the city of Baltimore alone, for
the specific purpose of a court-house and post
office. I ask my friends to tell me how they can
reconcile it to themselves to appropriate these
large amounts of money for the very same objects
in their towns, and refuse to appropriate them for
others? That is all I have to say.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have but one word of
answer to make, and it is this: these appropri-
ations are made in pursuance of contracts; those
contracts were made in pursuance of law passed
by Congress. That is just what I have asked to
be done in the case of the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, so that we might-know how
much we were going to appropriate, where the
site was to be, and what kind of building we were
to have.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My friend is mis-
taken. He has not looked at his own appropri-
ation. I can tell him the cases are precisely alike.
Ours is a recommendation by the same Depart-
ment that recommended his.
Mr. BRODHEAD. No, sir; in the appropri-
ations for Philadelphia, I know there was a con-
tract made by the Postmaster General and the
Secretary of the Interior, in pursuance of law,
and a copy of that contract is furnished here.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Allow me to read
him a part of his own bill:
" For the purpose of making alteration* loquired in the
building hereby authouzed to be purchased of the Bank of
Pennsylvania, to adapt it to the uses of a post-otfice in the
city of Philadelphia, and to furnish the necessary cases and
boxes foi the same, $50,000."
That is no contract; it is a breach of contract.
Air. HUNTER. Allow me to explain. I am
anxious to get the question. There was a law
which provided that the President should make
a provisional contract, subject to the approval of
Congress. He made the contract subject to the
approval, and recommended Congress to ratify
it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. For a part of it,
and for the balance he did not.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have the
question.
Mr. PRATT. That was the case in reference
to Baltimore, undoubtedly. By a law of the last
session, the President of the tfnited States was
directed to ascertain what location would be
proper for such buildings in the city of Baltimore,
at what price he could obtain them, and to report
for the action of Congress at the present session.
He did report, and a special bill was introduced
