##6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
relieved, without any expenditure for buildings on
the part of the Government, is j>4 21 the week.
At the points where the Government has con-
structed buildings the average cost is $17 21 per
week. This demonstrates beyond a doubt that,
after you have expended the money for the con-
struction of buildings, it costs four times as much
to support sick seamen at the organized hospit-
als than it does at the private ones. Will the gen-
tleman give us some explanation of this disparity ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I have made my calcu-
lations by the day. I have stated them, and I
would like to see the gentleman controvert them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I admit that by the tables
the average cost at the places where you have or-
ganized hospitals, and at those where you have
them not, is ninety-five cents the day; but the
average cost where you have not constructed any
buildings is only sixty-one cents the day.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The average cost of each
patient at twelve organized hospitals excluding the
two where the expenditures are extraordinarily
large, is $1 22 the day. Where, then, is the great
abuse spoken of? Where is the reason for striking
down this system of marine hospitals ? I must
confess that I do not see any. We every year
appropriate more for the erection of custom-
houses than the entire cost of the whole marine
hospital system. In the two or three past years
we have appropriated about as much for a custom-
house at San Francisco as the entire cost of the
twelve new marine hospitals. Has there, then,
on the whole,been any such extravagance, waste-
fulness, and fraud, as would justify us in aban-
doning this system? I think not.- And, inde-
pendently of the cost, is it not the duty of the
Government to have our American seamen when
eick and disabled properly cared for and relieved,
whatever may be the cost? Such has been the
policy of the Government, such it ought always
to be, and such I trust it ever will be.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, I do not
propose to make many remarks on this subject;
I intend to leave the greater portion of the dis-
cussion to the chairman of the committee to which
I am attached. There are one or two things,
however, in the speech of the gentleman from
Illinois to which I desire to call the attention of
the committee before this debate is closed, under
the rule adopted by the House. My friend, it
seems, lives at the town of Galena.
Mr. WASHBURNE, (in his seat.) And a
very good town it is.
Mr. LETCHER. It maybe a good town. It
is a town of high-sounding pretensions, and of
pretty terrifying exactions so far as marine hos-
pitals are concerned. It is a town in which it is
proposed to build one of these marine hospitals.
At the last session of Congress $15,000 were ap-
propriated inpartfor the erection of that hospital;
$25,000 more is wanted to build it, besides ten
per cent, on that amount to pay the expenses
of architects and others for draxvings, plans, &e.
There will, in all, be $i45,000, at the very lowest
calculation, to say nothing of the " indefinite
sum," mentioned by the Secretary of the Treasury
for the purchase of a site for this hospital. Let
us see what necessity there is for it. How many
sick and disabled seamen do you suppose were
taken care of at that place during the year ending
the 30th of June, 1855? The Secretary of the
Treasury, with that solemnity which is altogether
appropriate in announcing so important a fact,
reports that four were admitted, and that two
were relieved. [Laughter.] This thing of build-
ing marine hospitals is running to a wild and
mischievous extent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 beg to
correct the gentleman.
Mr. LETCHER. Correct the returns; I speak
from them.
Mr. WASHBURNE. We had there a large
number of such seamen whom the Government
never took care of at all. They were taken care
of by those employing, by subscriptions from
private individuals, anil by the city authorities.
If the Secretary of the Treasury will furnish the
gentleman with information received since the
return referred to, he will find that there were
thirty-seven such seamen taken care of at Galena,
as near as I can recollect the statement I have
Been on the subject.
Mr. LETCHER. Since the 30th of June,
1855?
Mr.- WASHBURNE. Since the Government
has commenced taking care of them at that
place—since the Government authorized the sur-
veyor of the port to make expenditures for that
purpose. Let me say to the gentleman from
Virginia—and I know I can convincc even him
that the wants of the commerce of the Upper
Mississippi river demand a marine hospital at
i Galena—that we have nearly one thousand sea-
' men who hail from that port, and that there are
one thousand arrivals of steamboats there annu-
ally. Steamers arrive from all degrees of latitude
from New Orleans to St. Anthony. There are
tw^ntv or thirty steamboats owned there; and
that^iaiy has an amount of commerce larger than
any other place in the United States of the same
population. Those are the facts.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Upon the gentle-
man's own showing the citizens of Galena could
not be relieved in a hospital there, if they had
one. The law would prohibit it. The law never
contemplates that the United States should relieve
the poor and indigent in any locality.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The hospital does not
afford relief to any who arc not entitled to it; but
the number of seamen I have referred to come
within the purview of the law.
Mr. PULLER. But the gentleman said that
they had one thousand seamen belonging to that
port.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Coming into that port,
I said.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems that the town of
Galena was a healthy place for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1855, as there were only four
sick seamen there during the twelve months pre-
ceding the 30th of June, 1855. How is it, then,
that disease has spread so alaimingly, and the
number of patients augmented so rapidly since
that time ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. Before thattime the sick
boatmen were not taken care of by the Govern-
ment. The returns, therefore, up to that time
do not show the number of sick seamen there.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us look at another
matter in this connection. The object of this
recommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means is to refer this whole matter to the Secretary
of the Treasury, whose business it is to attend to
it, under the belief, on the part of the Secretary
and of the committee, that an arrangement for the
protection and maintenance of these sick and
disabled seamen can be made which will secure a
large saving to the Government, and secure proper
attention to the sick seamen. That is all which
the proviso proposes to do. It leaves the matter
discretionary with the Secretary of the Treasury,
except that it is made obligatory upon him to
suspend all further expenditures of money here-
tofore appropriated for the purchase of situs, and
the construction of marine hospitals at those points
whore the construction f>f buildings has not been
commenced. In such cases the money will fall
back into the Treasury.
The gentleman says, that this recommendation
exhibits a most extraordinary course of conduct
on the part of the Committee of Ways and Means;
that this subject has never been referred to it; that
they have taken cognizance of it without being
vested with authority over it by the House. I
tell the gentleman the estimates in regard to the
marine hospitals, and in regard to the expenditures
for the care and support of sick and disabled sea-
men, have been before the committee in the esti-
mates presented by the Treasury Department,
and which were referred to that committee by an
order of the House. The question then came
regularly before them, and they usurped no
authority in regard to the matter. And even if
there had been no direct reference of the subject,
let me tell the gentleman that the Committee of
Ways and Means have, at least, as much power
over it as the Committee on Commerce had over
the subject of the registers for vessels. Sir, did
the House refer that bill to your committee, which
you [Mr. Washbcrne] reported hero this morn-
ing, in regard to the registers for vessels ? Did the
Committee on Commerce exercise extraordinary
powers, and usurp rights which did not belong to
them, m the performance of that act?
Mr. WASHBURNE. The committee had
nothing to do with it.
Mr. LETCHER. So much the worse. If
the gentleman brought in that bill without the
action of the committee, he is that much worse
off than the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means in reference to the recommendation
made in this hill, because he is backed by every
member of the committee.
Let me give an illustration in regard to the cost
of taking care of these sick and disabled seamen
at points where there are no hospitals. Let me
take the case of Nashville, Tennessee. The
seamen's fund, for the last year, amounted to
|450 43, while the expenditure out of that fund
for the relief of sick and disabled seamen was
only §124 23. Now, I imagine, if hospitals are
to be built for the purpose of adorning cities, or
to accommodate individuals at particular points,
the city of Nashville would come in with a claim
for relief much stronger than the town of Galena.
[Here the hammer fell, the hour for closing
debate under the order of the House having ar-
rived.]
Mr. WALKER. I rise here to apointof order,
and I do it for the purpose of enlarging the time
for the discussion of this proposition. I under-
stand, Mr. Chairman, that the whole of this bill
was not read when first referred to the Committee
of the Whole House; but that the committee
proceeded at once to consider it by clauses. Now,
sir, in the 127th rule of the House, there is a
peremptory injunction that the bill shall first be
read as a whole, and then that the committee shall
proceed to act upon it by clauses.
Mr. PHELPS. One word in reply to the gen-
tleman from Alabama. I am aware of the rule
to which he has referred; but I will tell the gen-
tleman that, by the universal consent of the com-
mittee, the first reading of the bill was dispensed
with, and the committee then proceeded to read
the bill by clauses, and it was read through at
the last sitting of the committee. There is no
motion now pending to amend the section on which
this discussion has been had; and such a motion
to amend would not be in order, except by the
unanimous consent of the committee.
Mr. WALKER. I shall submit to the ruling
of the Chairman, and not to that of the gentleman
from Missouri. The language of the rule is this:
" Tlpon hills committed to a Committor* of the Whole
House, the bill shall be thst read thiou^hout by the Clerk,
and then again read and debated by clauses, leaving the
picaniblo to be last considered : tlic body of the bill shall
not be defaced or interlined ; but aH amendments, noting
the page and line, shall be duly entered by the Clerk on a
separate paper, as the same shall be agieed to by the com-
mittee, and so reported to the House. After ieport, the bill
shall again be subject to be debated and amended by
clauses, before a question to engross it be taken."
Now, sir, the gentleman from Missouri says
the effect of this rule has been dispensed with by
the general consent of the committee to waive the
first reading of the bill. I understand that no
motion of that sort was made; and if the motion
had been made, the question may not have been
raised as to the power of the committee, by giving
its consent in an informal manner to dispense with
a rule fixed by the House for the government of
the Committee of the Whole House.
There is a manifest propriety in the commit-
tee's considering this matter in the most deliberate
manner. Here is a proposition contained in this
deficiency bill, covered up under the guise of a
proviso, the effect of which is to change the whole
system adopted years ago, and ever since pursued
by the Government, for the care and protection
of sick and disabled seamen. Now, the House
adopted a rule this morning by which debate
should cease upon this bill in one hour after the
House should go into Committee of the Whole.
Thf gentleman from Illinois, in an able argument,
and two or three other members, have consumed
the whole time allowed for debate. Others de-
sire to be heard upon this question, and believe
that they can address arguments to the commit-
tee which will persuade them not to adopt the
recommendation in the bill reported by the com-
mittee. Sir, it seems to mo that the only prac-
ticable mode by which they can attain their end
is, by raising this point of order for the purpose
of forcing the committee to retrace their steps
and to open the door for full and free discussion
of the question. I repeat, that it seems to me
that, inasmuch as there was no motion made by
the Committee of Ways and Means to dispense
with the 127th rule, the time has now come for
us, if we see fit, to insist upon the enforcement
of that rule. If that be done, the door will be
