1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
34th Cono....1st Sess. Supremacy of the Constitution and Laws—Mr. Campbell, of Ohio.
Ho. or Rsps.
They hare grown rich by means of this very con-
federacy- 1 ®*T> then, the Senator is ungrateful.
H«- ascribes to ih.it slave power the controlling
influence orer this confederacy, and yet is not
rrateAii, as he should be, for the beneficent rule
(and at iheir.own expense) of this Tery "slave
power'"
Mr. President, the first criminal known to the
world, in the complaint which instigated him to
crime, declared only that the offering of his brother
was more acceptable than his. It was the com-
plaint of Cain against Abel, and he avenged it by
putting that brother to death, a,nd then went
forth with the primeval curse upon his brow. In
the fortunes of those who are enlisted with the
Senator from Massachusetts against this confed-
eration now, let them go, as Cain did, with the
curae upon their brow of fraternal homicide, but
with the still deeper guilt that they instigate
others to shed blood when they shed none them-
selves.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, three Sen-
ators have spoken—one venerable with years,
and with whom I have had associations of per-
sonal regard longer than with any person now
within the sound of my voice—the Senator from
Michigan. Another, the Senator from Illinois;
and the third, the Senator from Virginia.
The Senator from Michigan knows full well
that nothing can fall from me which can have
anything but kindness for him. He has said
on this floor to-day that he listened with regret to
my speech. I have never avowed on this floor
how often, with my heart brimming full of friend-
ship for him, I have listened with regret to what
has fallen from his lips. I have never said that
he stood here to utter sentiments which seemed
beyond all question disloyal to the character of
the fathers and to the true spirit of the Constitu-
tion; but this, with his permission, and in all
kindness, 1 do now say to him.
That Senator proceeded very briefly and cur-
sorily to criticise my statement of the Michigan
ease. Sir, my statement of that case was founded
upon the actual documents. No word was mine:
it was all from Jackson, from Grundy, from Buch-
anan, from Benton, from the Democratic leaders
of that day. When the Senator criticised me,
his shaft did not touch me, but fell upon them.
I was from the Senator from Michigan.
To the Senator from Illinois i should willingly
leave the privilege of the common scold—the last
word: but I will not leave to him, in any discussion
with me, the last argument, or the last semblance
of it. He has crowned the audacity of this de-
bate by venturing to rise here and calumniate me.
He has said that I came here, took an oath to
support the Constitution, and yet determined not
to support a particular clause in that Constitution.
To that statement I give, to his face, the flattest
denial. When it was made on a former occasion
on this floor by the absent Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] I then repelled it. I
will read from the debate of the 28th of June,
1854, as published in the Globe, to show what I
said in response to that calumny when pressed
at that hour. Here is what I said to the Sena-
tor from South Carolina:
"Tbis Senator was disturbed, when to bia inquiry,
personally, pointedly, and vehemently addressed to roe,
whether I would join in returning a fellow-man to slavery,
I exclaimed, ' Is thy servant a dog, that be should do tbis
thing ?*   *
You will observe that the inquiry of the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, was whether I would
join in returning my fellow-man to slavery ? It
was not whether I would support any clause of
the Constitution of the United States—far from
that. I then proceeded:
" Id fitful phrases, which seemed to come from the un-
conscious excitement so common with the Senator, he shot
forth various remarks about ' dogsand, among other
things, asked if there was any dog in the Constitution > The
Senator did not seem to bear in mind, in the heady currents
of that moment, that, by the false interpretation be bag given
to the Constitution"—
and in which the Senator from Illinois nowjoins—
" be has helped to nurture there a whole kennel of Carolina
Mood hounds, trained, with savage jaws and inexorable
■rant, for the bant of flying bondsmen. No, sir; I do not
believe that there is any' kennel of blood-hounds,' or even
any ' dog' in the Constitution of the United States."
I said further:
" Since I have been charged with openly declaring my
purpose to violate the Constitution and to break the oath
which I have taken at that desk, 1 shall be pardoned for
showing simply how a Ifcvv plain words will put all this
down."
I next proceeded to read from the memorable
veto by President Jackson, in 1832, of the Bank
of the United States. It will be remembered that,
to his course at that critical time, were opposed
the authority of the Supreme Court and his oath
to support the Constitution, precisely as the Sena-
tor from Illinois now, with ignorance, or with a
want of logic greater than his ignorance, under-
takes to revile me. Here is the triumphant reply
of President Jackson:
" If the opinion of the Supreme Court covers the whole
ground of tbis act, it ought not to control the codrdinate
authorities of this Government. The Congress, the Exec-
utive and the Court, must each for itself be guided by its
own opinion of the Constitution. Each public officer who
takes an oatk to svpport the Constitution, swears that he mil
rapport it as h* understands it, and not at it is understood by
others. It is as much the duty of the House of Represent-
atives, of the Senate, and of the President, to decide upon
the constitutionality of any bill or resolution which uiay be
presented to them for passage or approval, as it is of the
Supreme Judges, when it may be "brought before them for
judicial decision. The authority of theSupremeCourtmust
not, therefore, be permitted to control the Congress or the
Executive, when acting in their legislative capacities, but to
have only such influence as the force of their reasoning may
deserve."
After reading that passage from General Jack-
son, I proceeded as follows:
" In swearing to support the Constitution at your desk,
Mr. President, I did not swear to support it as you under-
stand it. Oh, no, sir. Or as the Senator from Virginia
understands it. Ob, no, sir. Or as the Senator from South
Carolina understands it, with a kennel of blood-hounds;
or, at least, a < dog' in it,' pawing to get free its hinder
parts,' in pursuit of a slave. No such thing. Sir, I swore
to support it as I understand it; nor more, nor less."
After explaining at some length my under-
standing of the clause, I concluded on this point
in these words:
" I desire to say that, as I understand the Constitution,
this clause does not impose upon me, as a Senator or citi-
zen, any obligation to take part, directly or indirectly, in
the surrender of a fugitive slave."
Yet, in the face of all this, which occurred in
open debate on the floor of the Senate, which is
here in the records of the country, and has been
extensively circulated, quoted, discussed, criti-
cised, the Senator from Illinois, in the swiftness
of his audacity, has presumed to arraign me.
, Perhaps I had better leave that Senator without
i a word more; but this is not the first, or the sec-
1 ond, or the third, or the fourth time, that he has
launched against me his personalities. Sir, if
this be agreeable to him, I make no complaint;
though, for the sake of truth and the amenities
of debate, I could wish that he had directed his
assaults upon my arguments; but, since he has
presumed to touch me, he will not complain if I
administer to him a word of advice.
, Sir, this is the Senate of the United States, an
important body, under the Constitution, with
great powers. Its members are justly supposed,
from age, to be above the intemperance of youth,
and from character to be above the gusts of vul-
garity. They are supposed to have something
of wisdom and something of that candor which
is the handmaid of wisdom. Let the Senator
bear these things in mind, and let him remember
hereafter that the bowie-knife and bludgeon are
not the proper emblems of senatorial debate. Let
him remember that the swagger of Bob Acres
and the ferocity of the Malay cannot add dignity
to this body. The Senator has gone on to infuse
into his speech the venom which has been swelter-
ingformonths—ay, fof years; and he has alleged
facts that are entirely without foundation, in
order to heap upon me some personal obloauy. I
will not go into the details which have nowed
out so naturally from his tongue. I only brand
them to his face as false. I say, also, to that
i Senator, and I wish him to bear it in mind, that
, no person with the upright form of man can be
I allowed [Hesitation.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. Say it.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say it—no person with
i the upright form of man can be allowed, without
. violation of all decency, to switch out fromdtis
, tongue the perpetual stench of offensive person-
ality. Sir, that is not a proper weapon of de-
bate, at least, on this floor. The noisome, squat,
and nameless animal, to which I now refer, is not
a proper model for an American Senator. Will
the Senator from Illinois take notice ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will; and therefore will
not imitate you, sir.
Mr. SUMN ER. I did not hear the Senator.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I said if that be the case I
would certainly never imitate you in that capacity,
recognizing the force of the illustration.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, again the Sen-
ator has switched his tongue, and again he fills
the Senate with its offensive odor.
I pass from the Senator from Illinois. _ There
was still another, the Senator from Virginia, who
is now also in my eye. That Senator said nothing
of argument, and, therefore, there is nothing of
that for response. I simply say to him, that hard
words are not argument; frowns not reasons; nor
do scowls belong to the proper arsenal of parlia-
mentary debate. The Senator has not forgotten
that on a former occasion I did something to ex-
hibit on this floor the plantation manners which
he displayed. 1 will not do any more now.
Mr. MASON. Manners of which that Senator
is unconscious. '
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not going to pursue
this subject further. I will only say that a man
who has been branded by me in the Senate, and
convicted by the Senate of falsehood, cannot use
language requiring reply, and therefore I have
( nothing more to say.
SUPREMACY OF THE CONSTITUTION AND LAWS.
SPEECH OF HON. LEWIS D. CAMPBELL,
of ohio,
Ik the House or Representatives,
May 8, 1856,
In reply to his colleague, Mr. Giodihss—the Senate's
amendments to the Deficiency Bill being under considera-
tion—
Mr. PHELPS obtained the floor on the conclu-
sion of- Mr. Giddings's remarks, but yielded to
Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, for explanation.
Mr. CAMPBELL said:
i, Mr. Speaker: I regret the sudden indisposi-
tion of my colleague, [Mr. Giddincs,] which in-
terrupted his remarks on the principles of this
, bill, this morning. I regret, also, that he should,
! under the peculiar circumstances which surround
I the question before the House, have deemed it
| necessary to indulge in such a line of remark as
| would seem to assail my course as chairnyin of
! the Ways and Means Committee, in recommend-
' ing that the House concur in those amendments
of the Senate which provide appropriations to pay
the necessary expenses of the Army and of the
Judiciary. His motives in doing this, and in
refusing me, as the chairman of that committee
and as his colleague, the slight privilege of a brief
explanation, are best known to himself. Yester-
day, when this subject was before the House,
whilst I was entitled to the floor, I yielded to him,
frequently, without limit or condition, for such
explanations or remarks as he desired to submit,
j His refusal to return me the courtesy to-day, in
j the face of these facts, has imposed on me the
{ necessity of throwing myself upon the liberality
! of my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.]
1 It will be remembered that, at the time my
colleague became suddenly ill he remarked that I
' was a very young man, and intimated that, there-
fore, it was to be presumed the other gentlemen
of the Committee of Ways and Means had
" drawn the wool over my eyes," and that I did
not comprehend the objects of the appropriations
which we had recommended, nor the responsi-
bilites which I had incurred.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will my friend permit me
to explain ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly. I am never
; so deeply engaged as not to extend to my. col-
! league that courtesy.
I Mr. GIDDINGS. I am sorry my colleague
II should have conceived that I made sucn a remark,
j My idea was, and I think my words were, not
that he was a young man, but that he was com-
j paratively a young member, and that he never
i served before upon the Committee of Ways and
1 Means.
I Mr. CAMPBELL. My colleague is correct,
i I never before served on that important com-
