mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 15,
in-order was the consideration of a motion, sub-
mitted by Mr. Penxtngtonyesterday, to suspend
the rules to enable him to report a bill (H. R.
No. 54i>) to regulate the diplomatic and consular
systems of the United States.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BARCLAY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report, from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, a bill to author-
ize the Postmaster General to contract with Chris-
tian Hansen to carry the United States mail in
ocean steamers from the city of New York to
Giuckstadl, near Hamburg.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. BARCLAY. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, as a mo-
tion to suspend the rules is now pending.
Mr. TYSON, hy unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported back a bill to
regulate the compensation of certain officers of
the revenue; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to he printed.
Mr. T. also, from the same committee reported
a bill to continue the Delaware breakwater, Del-
aware, which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which tatter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLAGLER. I ask the consent of the
House to make a report iVoni the Committee on
Printing, in reference to printing extra copies of
the report of the Committor of Ways and Means
on the proposed reduction of the tariff.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not m ordei,
as a motion to suspend the rules is already
pending.
Mr WHEELER. I call for the regular order
of business.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEMS OF
THE UNITED STATES.
The SPEA.KKR. The regular order is the
consideration of the motion to suspend the rules,
made by tin- gentleman fiom New Jersey, upon
which the yean and nays have been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was deeuledin
the ailirmalive—yeas 111), nays «1'2; as follows:
YBAS—Aikftt. Atbn<j[ht, Alh-ori, Harbour, Car
cla>. Uemv Jicnnett, Hereon, nillinghin->t, Hi-hop.
Howje, I?iJitblmvw Bianeh, Itrenton, Huiimton. (\nlwala
«lei. Lewi- 1>. <\uii|>hrll, ("ha/lee, IV.ra ('lark, < 'law m i,
dmmnan, Howell Cobb, Coll'.iv, Coining, Ciagin, Cum-
back, l):i\Jiboii. Henry WinJet DavisTintolhv Dave-, Dean,
Denvei, Dick, DiekHoit, Uowdeil, Duite< , KdmundM>n, Kd-
vvmkIv, Knuie, Ihheiidue, Kn-ti-, Kvnn-\ Faulkner, F<> jet,
Heniv "\f Fnllei.Thomas.). l>. duller, Galloway iddm<i«,
(Jreemvood, (in>w, Robert 15 Hall, Harlan, Il.uri« n, I liek-
man, Hollovvav, Thmna^ it- Hoiton, Saleniine H. lloiton,
Hownid,.! Chtiiey-I oik's, Knapp, Knight, Kmnvlton, K nov,
Kunkel. Lake, Leitei, I.etchei, Mace, Maxwell, Me(\mv,
MiIImmi, Millward, Momll, Molt, Mutnu, Norton, Mouie-
cm | Hiver, (>rr, Parker. IVek, I'enmn^lon, PiUe, Poller,
lliclmrdsnn. Ritelne. HutHu. Sapp, Savage,Scott. Slieiniaa,
.Simrnoiix, William Smith, Sim-i-d, Spinriet, Sianton, Ste-
phen-*, Sf(\v,ui. Stianahidi, Swope, Tappan, Tlnti-ann,
Todd. Ti.ifton, !'ndervw od, Vail, VVade, Waketnen, Wal-
bndjre, Walker, Wainer, ruduabuiert'. Wa^hbntne, Mldm
Ji. W.i^hhurne, Walking Watson, Whitney, Window,
Wood, Wnodi nil*, Woodwui li, and Daniel H. \Vi i£bf—11
NAYS--\h-sMs. HendleyS Benneii, Wiihain-un U. W.
Cobb, Co\. Ciru^e, Dunirell, Flrtjil'M*, (ioode, Thoma^
IfarriN fio/n>ian, KouMon, f hn;lMon, (/eoi^e W. Join'-:,
King, J.nrtip'an, IJnmphiev iMar-hall. Samuel S Mai-liaii,
Matte^on, MfMulim, MeUiieen. Kilhan Millet, Moi^an,
Perry, I'help-, Powell, Pnnjjle, f'm viaiier, Quitman, Heady,
Iticaud. iiiveiSai*e, Shorter, William li. Smith, T.ilbott,
Taylor. Thoi m-non, Trippe, Valk, Waldrou, Wheeler, Wil-
liams, and John V. Wright—42
The rules J)ein<* suspended,
Mr. PENNINGTON reported back from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs a bill (H. R. No.
549) to regulate the diplomatic and consular sys-
tems of the United States.
The SPEAKER stated that the question was
upon ordering the bill to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. PENNINGTON. The Committee on
Foreign Affairs have reported several Amend-
ments to that bill, and I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ^H. MARSHALL. I ask the gentleman
from New Jersey to withdraw his demand for the
previous question long enough to allow me to
otter an amendment?
Mr. PENNINGTON. I will do so.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move to amend the
second section of the bill, in the eighth line, by
striking out the word C{ two" and inserting the
word " five," so as to make it read " For lega-
tion to China. An interpreter, when the secre-
tary of legation shall not be acting as such, shall
be entitled to compensation at the rate of $f>,000.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I accept the amendment
and move the previous question.
Mr. EUSTIS. I ask the gentleman from New
Jersey to withdraw his call for the previous
question in order that I may offer an amendment.
Mr. PENNINGTON declined.
Mr. SEWARD. Does not this bill appropriate
money, and must it not therefore, under the rules,
be considered in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union?
The -SPEAKER. The rules have been sus-
pended so "that it may be considered at this time.
Mr. McMULLlN. Is it in order to move to
postpone the consideration of this bill to Decem-
ber next ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
ponding the previous question.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order to move to
lay it on the table ?
TV SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I move to lay it on
the table, with a view to its being considered at
the commencement of next session.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to, only twelve membeis voting there-
for.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was first taken on Mr. II. Mar-
shall's amendment; and it was agreed to.
The amendments reported from the Committee
on Foreign Allan's to perfect the bill, were sev-
erally read and agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being; en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 think that there
arc very lew gentlemen m this House who know
anything about this bill, and therefore I want
the, yeas nnd nays on its passage We got into
a difficulty two years ago in reference to this
matter, by passing a bill that nobody knew any-
thing about; and now, m order to icmedy that,
we are passing a bill about, winch we know quue
as little. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wen; ordered.
The qut st io n was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas KW, imy* f>(5; as follows:
YKAS — an. A«K< n. Alburn, i?.nbom, Uomlley S.
Bennett, Ih'ii-on, ! ihin<:li>n^, lih---, Howie, ltiad-ha\\r,
Hram ti, Biitlniton, Cadu .iladci, .lames U. Campbell, John
H Campbell, Lewi; l> Campbell. Ch.Ulee. i'l/aa Claik,
Uow'i'il Cob!). Cuha\, C(  mi it-, < 'o\ ode, Co Men, Cam baric,
ihuniell, f)a\id-on. IJ"itiv Winter [)a\t<, Timothy l)ayj ,
Dean, Ihek, Dirk-ou, Dowdeli. Kdie, Fatmun<l>on, Elliott,
raurh^h. I'alu udi.v. HiMh, ftvan-, Kanlkuei, Floienep,
Ko-iei, ilemy jU Fn!!''!, Thoma- J I) Fuller, (ialloway,
(■'ilbeii, (ioode, Ctanmet, (Jieeiuvood, Ivobeir 15. flail, J.
Moiu-on Jiarrn, llaneon, lliekman, Hollow av, Thoma-
H lloitou, Howanl. Knapp, Kne/bt. Ivnowltim, laike,
^iaee, ilumph!0> Marshall, Ma\yv<>ll, Miilson, Moirill,
Alotdeeai Olnei, Packet, I'eaiee, IVItom j'enmnuton,
J'ott^r, Po\v< 11. Pimple, lvuaiul, Ruohu1, Itobo^.-s, Kuthn,
i{u-t. Sapp. Seotl, Sey\ard, Sheiman, Simmon^, Spmnoi,
Stanton, Siepherts, Stranahan. Syvope, 'rhoiui^'ton. Tial-
ton, \ ail, \ .ilk. Wade, Wallirulye, Walker, Warner,
Cadwalader W.'ebbum.", Watson, Weleh, Wlutnej.
Wm^btyy, Wood, Woodiuli', and !)anud l . Wrnjlit—103.
.V A N'S—,Mes'K Harelay, Hem v Hentiett, Hoyee, ilion-
toiij i'oook-, llimn-ti. i "at hie. William on t> \V. Cobb,
Cow Ciaitre, Denvet. Dodd, Kinrie, Fla!rlei,(..'royv,Thomas
li. Hani1-, lleitirtf. HoflnKtn, Valentine B. Korton, Houn-
mn, lln^hsfon, (ieoiye \V. Jcmo.-, Knox. JLeiter, Eumpkm,
Samuel S Mai-haii, Matte^on, MeMulIm, Mc<lueen,
Kilhan Millei, Simrh Alillor, Morgan, Andrew
<>h\ei, On. Periy, 1'heip-. i>ike. I'myeai. Ciuilman, Keadv,
Iti(1 in, Hivei.-j, Savas< , Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
William It Smith, Sneed, Talbott, Ta>lor. Tlmrfcton,
Todd, Waldron, Klhhu U. Washburne, Watkins, and
Wheelei—."G.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. UNDERWOOD stated that he had paired
off on this bill with Mr. Clingman, otherwise he
should have voted no.
TARIFF REPORT.
Mr. FLAGLER, from the Committee on Print-
ing, made a report upon the proportion to print
extra copies of the report of the Committee of
Ways and Means relative to the duties on im-
ports, stating that the cost of printing fifty thou-
sand extra copies would be #1,783 87, accompa-
nied with the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be punted, for the of the mem
bers O; the House of Representatives, fifty thousand copies
of said report.
Mr. FLAGLER demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oraeied; and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. FLAGLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
emouy's report.
Mr. FLAGLER, from the Committee on Print
ing, made a report on the proposition to print
extra copies of Major Emory's report of the sur-
vey of the boundary between the United States
and Mexico, stating that the cost of printing extra
copies of the work would be three dollars per
copy, and accompanied by the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That there be printed, for distribution by the
memhers of the Hou-so, tea thousand copies of said report.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. FLAGLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which "latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbuiiy Dick ins, their Secretary, announcing that
the Senate had disagreed to the amendments of
the lloufce to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill of the House (No. 202) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1857; and had insisted upon the amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House;
and asked for a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the said
bill.
That the Senate had concurred in the amend-
ments of the House to the amendments of the
Senate to the Indian appropriation bill, but had
insisted on their amendments disagreed to by the
: House and a^ked for a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the said bill.
And also r< questing the return of Senate bill
(JNo. 317) for the relief of William Chase.
By unanimous consent, the request of the Senate
for the return of the bill for the relief of William
Chase was acceded to, and the said bill ordered
to be returned.
j AMERICAN STATE PAPERS.
i Mr. STEPHENS. I have a resolution which
■ I propose to the House, and ask general consent
; to have it considered at this time. It is a joint
; resolution authorizing the republication of the
I American State papers, which are now out of
| print. I ask that it may be read.
! Thejoml resolution was read.
t Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected,
j Mr. STEP1 TENS moved to suspend the rules.
| Mr. II. MARSHALL demanded the yeas and
| nays.
I The yeas and nays were ordered.
! Mr. CHJNGMAN. As the yeas and nays
have been ordeied upon the motion to suspend
the rules, I desire to ask the gentleman from
Georgia a question. I notice that the resolution
provides for the republication of the American
State papers, and also for bringing the History
of Congress down to the close of the present Con-
gress. I desire to know what will be the proba-
ble cost of the publication of these documents?
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 do not know what will
be the probable cost. Two thousand copies are
ordered to be printed. It is a matter of contract,
but the amount cannot go beyond ten dollars per
volume.
I look at the importance of the work that is to
be printed rather than its cost. We have spent
more for the_ordinary printing than the entire
publication of this work will cost. There is not
a single copy of the first series to be had in our
library.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman fails to
