nn4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
nivamJe, the period which has elapsed would
liave shown the possession of the money by him.
If he were an abandoned man—if he hadno char-
acter to sustain—the very temper and disposition
which would prompt him to engage in an iniquity
-of this kind, would also lead him into acts, in the
course Of*the pferiod Which has elapsed, that would
disclose the complicity and the guilt on his part.
So far from that being the case, however, the
Government from that day to this has entertained
no doubt at all of his entire innocence and hon-
esty, and has entertained no doubt that this
money was, by robbery, taken from the custom-
house.
Even the fact alluded to by the Senator from
New Hampshire—that there is a little discrepancy
in the testimony of the witnesses—it being upon
11 point not of much importance, carries convic-
tion to my mind that there is no combination be-
tween them. On the contrary, without reference
to consequences, they all speak according to their
actual recollection.
In a case of this kind, from along professional
experience, I do not entertain a doubt that any
candid jury of twelve men would pronounce this
-man the loser of this money. I think those who
are acquainted with him, as is one of the honor-
able Senators from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler,]
in whom we are entitled to place the utmost confi-
dence, could form a corrcct opinion as to whether
this was an honest transaction. In view of the
facts at the time; the place as described by him;
the condition of the man; the certificate* of his
physician; the course pursued afterwards by him
to detect the offender, and the whole transaction
(Still being, as such things often are, undisclosed,
and yet leaving him the confidence of the Gov-
ernment, the confidence of the community, and
the confidence of the Senators from his State,—1
think we should be doing injustice to undertake
to throw this loss on him!
The Court of Claims has no jurisdiction over
this subject, nor can that court have jurisdic-
tion of it unless we reverse what is a salutary
rule of law—namely, that in a case of this kind,
the officer shall bo held r( sponsible, at all events,
legally. I would hold him responsible. I woi\Jd
make him come to this body and appeal here, in
the face of the country, to be relieved from that
responsibility. If the facts be as the committee
have found, as the Department is satisfied that
they arc, and as the evidence, as far as it goes,
and all the circumstances attending the transac-
tion show, I say that, as a just Government, we
ought to relieve this man. I would rather have
the character of a just Government and run the
risk of being sometimes imposed upon, than do
injustice in a case like this. I shall vote for the
passage of the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. The difficulty presented to
the Senate seems to be that there is no evidence,
except the party's own assertion, that the money
in question was in the vault atthe time when the
robbery was committed. If this case had been pre-
pared fraudulently for the Senate, that link of
testimony would not havebe'en omitted. We find
by experience in every attempt to defend the pub-
lic officers of the Government, that fraudulent
cases are always the best prepared in matters of
proof, and that cases standing on the bestgrounds
arc frequently set aside, because the testimony is
not sufficient. I am very well convinced that, if
this case had been prenared with refeience to the
Senate, the party would have brought incontest-
able evidence that the money was there.
I presume that Senators, in-voting on this bill,
will not hesitate to vo:e for it, if they believe
the man was really robbed. I say so, because I
have a case in ray eye in which an officcr of the
Navy was released from the payment of $7,500,
or thereabouts, who was unable to show one
particle of proof of the loss of the money. He
simply said, " I have received your money and
expended it somehow, but how I cannot tell; here
are a portion of the vouchers; I have no other
receipts, and I must rely entirely on my character
before the country for relief.*' The Senate and
House, I believe without one dissenting voice,
relieved him, because they had confidence that
the man would not defraud the country. Then,
sir, if we believe here that this man has acted
honestly, although one link in the chain of evi-
dence may be wanting, we should relieve him. If
I didnox suppose that the man, whoever he maybe,
possessed such a character as to negative the idea
that this was not an accidental omission, I should
vote against the bill; but here the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigler] comes in; he knows
the man well; he vouches for him in the highest
possible manner, and he supplies that portion of
the evidence which is not before us.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and the question was stated to be on
ordering it to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS. The testimony of the existence
of this money is untirely unsatisfactory to my
mind. If we set the precedent of relieving an
individual on account of his good character, where
is the evil to stop? We should recollect that if
this bill be passed on the testimony before us,
such as is disclosed in the report, it will become
a precedent for all other cases of a similar charac-
ter. It is better, in my opinion, that one indi-
vidual should suffer, than that such a precedent
should be established by Congress. The proof
is not of that character which would justify a jury
in giving a verdict for a dollar between A and B,
as 1 understand the testimony. Therefore I shall
vote in the negative, as the testimony of the
party interested is evidence in no court under the
sun.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ceil of Tennessee, Biggs, Bigler,
Bright, Urodhead, Dodge, Duikee, Evans, Fitzpatrick,
Gt-yer, Ivcinon, Johnson, Mallory, Pugli, Reid, Thompson
of Kentucky, Thomson of New "Jersey, Toombs, Toucey,
Wade, YVeiler, and W'nght—23.
NAY"3—Messrs. Adams, Collamer, Crittenden, Fish,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Pratt, Seward, Stuart,
Tiumbull, Wilson, and Yulee—15.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
HANNIBAL FAULK AND OTHERS.
The bill (S. No. 270) for the relief of Hanni- [j
bal Faulk and Eliza S. Collier, (formerly widow !|
Scriber,) and the heirs and legal representatives j|
of Benjamin Scriber, deceased, was read a second \ i
time, and considered as iu Committee of the \\
Whole. !j
Its objcct is to confirm the heirs-at-law of Ben- \ \
jamin Scriber m their title to a tract of land lying J;
within the Baron de Bastrop grant, in the State '
of Louisiana, being a remainder of twenty-two
hundred and fifty arpens of a tract of three thou-
sand arpens, reported on by the register and
receiver of the land office at Monroe, Louisiana,
under date of July 30th, 1852. This confirma-
tion, with that made under the act of Congress,
approved June 29, 1854, is to be' construed to
confirm the title to the entire tract of land con-
taining three thousand arpens, claimed by these
parties before the register and receiver, and more
particularly described in the deed from John
McBridc to Abraham Scriber, of June 15th, 1818.
This claim is founded on a sale from De Bas-
trop to John McBnde, of four thousand arpens.
On the 15th of June, 1818, Abraham Scriber be-
came the purchaser of three thousand arpens of
this land, and lived on the upper portion of the
tract until his death in the year 1836. The occu-
pation and cultivation for twenty years, as re- ]
quired by an act of Congress, over the whole three j
thousand arpens,is not proven; but thetestimony 1
shows that Scriber settled and occupied the upper i
portion of the tract in the year 1818, and that he i
continued to occupy and cultivate until his death j
m 1837, and that the occupation and cultivation j
were kept up after the sale in 183(5. |
The lull was reported to the Senate without ;
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a !
third reading. It was read the third time, and |
pns.se.i. }
WILLIAM G. IUDGELV AND OTHERS.
The bill, (8. No. 278,) reported by the Com- j
mittee on Claims, for the relief of William G. j
Ridgely, was read the second time, and consid- ^
ercd as in Committee of the "Whole. ;
It proposes to allow the claim of William G. !
Ridgely lor tobacco destroyed by the Butish in j
1S14 at the warehouses at Nottingham and Ma-
gruder's ferry, in Prince Georges county, and
at Benedict, in Charles county, Maryland. i
Mr. WADE. I desire to amend this bill by in- j
eluding within it another case, which has always ,
been covered by the same bill. Both stand on the
same principle precisely; but, in reporting this
bill, I forgot to include both. The gentleman who
represents the claim—a decrepit old man, has
called on me and desired to have his case inserted
with the other. I therefore move to amend the
bill by inserting after the word " Ridgely," the
words, "and Hodges and Lansdale, and their
legal representatives."
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended; and the
amendment was concurred in. The bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading; and,
having been read the third time, was passed. The
title was amended so as to read, "A bill for the
relief of William G. Ridgely, and Hodges and
Lansdale, and their legal representatives."
ROBERT SEWALL'S REPRESENTATIVES.
The bill, (S. No. 279,) reported from the Com-
mittee on Claims, for the relief of the heirs and
representatives of the late Robert Sewall, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee .of
the Whole.
Its purpose is to direct the Third Auditor of
the Treasury to audit the claim of the heirs and
representatives of the late Robert Sewall, and
determine the amount that may be due to them.
Mr. EVANS. I should like to know upon
what that claim is founded; I do not wish to vote
in the dark. I ask for the reading of the report;
or, if any gentleman is present who made the
report, I should like to hear an explanation.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The Committee of Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of the executor of Robert Sewall, praying compen-
sation foi property destroyed by the British in 1814, report;
The matter of this claim has been a long tune before Con-
gress, and favorable reports were made by committees of
the Senate dunng the Twenty-Ninth, Thiitieth, Thirty-
First, and Thirty-Second Congresses; and at the last Con-
gress the bill for the relief of the petitioner passed the Sen-
ate, but failed to receive the action of the other branch of
Congress.
Tiie facts of the case appear to be as follows : In August,
3814, when the British forces were marching upon the cap-
ital, some men of the American troops, with their arms and
ammunition, took possession of a brick house belonging to
the father of the petitioner, and for tho time converted it
into a plaef* of military defense. As the Briti&h troops ap-
proached the house, they were fired upon by the party in
the house, and the horse ot General Ross and one ot his
men were killed. Under these circumstances the house
was attacked, taken, and burnt by the enemy, and some
of the American party weie taken prisoners, and among
them, as stated by one of the witnesses, was an American
officer.
The following letter from General Scott appears to be
conclusive as to the liability of the Government to indem-
nify the petitioner:
Washington, December 20, 1837.
Dear Sir: In your note of yestcrdav, you ask for my
opinion on this case: On the retreat of the noops under
Commodore Barney from Bladensburg, during the last war,
as the victorious and pursuing aimy, commanded by Gen-
eral Ross, entered Washington city, about ten of Commo-
dore Carney's men, who were retreaun , being closely
pressed by the English troops, threw themselves into a house
ot' Mr. Sewall, made a block-house of it, and from it fired
on the enemy, killed Ross's horse, three or four of his men,
and wounded several others. The house was immediately
attacked by the enemy, some of our troops taken prisoners,
and the house burnt m consequence of j>uch occupation by
ourttoop*. '-The only question," you add, "is whether
such occupation, by our retreating troops, to cheek and
harass the enemy, can beconsadeied by the usages of war,
m such a ca->e, as done by the orders of the commanding
office;?3'
I answer, certainly; so certainly that, but for the doubt
implied by the inquiry, 1 should have deemed it impossible
to entertain two opinions on the subject.
In haste, I remain, with respect, vour obedient servant,
WfKriELD SCOTT.
The committee, upon'a view of the case, are satisfied
that the claimant is entitled to relief, and reooi t the accom-
panying bill, which is identical with that which passed the
Senate at the last Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ANTHONY RANKIN.
Tho next bill on the Calendar was the hill
(S. No. 280) for the relief of Anthony Rankin,
of Tennessee, presented by the Committee on
Claims; which was read the second time, andcon-
sidered as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the payment of thirty dol-
lars, the amount paid by Rankin in 1314 while
engaged in the military service of the United
States, for medical aid and attendance when con-
fined by a severe illness.
The petitioner, in the year 1814, was an ensign
in the first regiment of Tennessee militia, having
entered the service about the 1st of January of
