■sm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
provided the United States Government would con-
tribute—what amount? The sum of money now
proposed to be expended in brick, and stone, and
iron for the construction of a hospital. A prop-
osition of that kind might be made.
• [Here the hammer fell.]
TheCHAIRMAN. The question now is upon
the motion to strike out the clause as it has been
amended, as follows:
" For increased salary of the Governor of New Mexico,
jper act of the 27th July, 1834, $1,939 35: Pronded, That
from and after, [he passage of this act tfie salary and com-
pensation of the Governor and superintendent of Indian
affairs shali 6e $-3,000 per annum, any law to the contrary
notwithstanding."
Mr. JONES, of Tenneseee. I suggest that
after the words, "Governor and superintendent
"of Indian affairs,"there be added the. words," of
■New Mexico'," in order that the proviso may be
Specific.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Why not insert Utah
also?
" Mr. JONES. New Mexico is the only case
provided for by the paragraph.
Mr. MARSHALL. I object to the modifica-
tion of the paragraph as amended.
Mr. JONES Very well, then; let it go as it is.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to increase the sum to
S3 ,000. My object in moving the amendment is
to explain that, by the decision of ihe account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department, the
amount specified in the bill is due to the Governor
of New Mexico for salary, and I hold that it is
our duty to pay it. I withdraw my amendment.
I hope the motion to strike out will not prevail.
Mr. MARSHALL. The question is whether
we will, or will not, strike out what is honestly
due this Governor ?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is a matter of construc-
tion whether it is, or is not, honestly due to the
Governor of New Mexico. The Treasury De-
partment did not thtnk that it was honestly due
him a year ago. In our position, we are sus-
tained by reference to the estimates of the De-
partment a year ago. I move the following sub-
stitute for the paragraph as it. now stands:
For increased salaiy of the Governor of New Mexico,
per act of the 27tli of July, 1854, $1,500: Provided, That
from anil after the passage of tins act the Governor of the
Tenitory of New Mexico shall not icceive, fot ln&- ser-
vices as Governor and as supenntendent of Indian affairs,
a sum exceeding $3,000."
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to oppose the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Alabama,
and I only desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee to a letter from the First Comptroller,
adjudicating upon the amount due to Governor
Merriwcther as his salary, under the two acts of
Congress to which allusion has been made. I
will read it:
Treasury Department,
Comptroller's Office, Dccctnbcr 18,1855.
In the matter of the claim of his Excellency David Mer-
riwethcr, Governor of New Mexico, for an ineieased com-
pensation of $1,000 annually as Governor of New Mexico,
under the act of July -27, IP >4 :
By the act creating the Territory of Now Mexico, first pen-
sion Thirty-First Congress, 1 season laws, pajjc
451, approved September 9, 18o0, the salary of the Gov-
. ernoi wa<! fixed at 1.500 00
As superintendent of Indian affairs  lJOOO 00
Tbiee judges, at each $2,800  5,400 00
One secretary at  1,800 00
This sum of $9,700 00
was appropriated m the genetal appropriation act of Au-
gust 4. 1854, pn«o 556.
On the S7th ol July, 1854, an act was approved to increase
the salaries ot executive and judicial officers m Oicgon,
New Mexico, Washington, Utah, and Minnesota, fii^t ses-
sion Thirty-Third Congress, session laws, page 311. By that
act the salaries of the different officers designated in New
Mexico were increased as follows:
Three judges, each to $2,500 &7,f>00 00
Governoi to " 3'ooo 00
Secretary to  2,000 00
$12,500 00
A corresponding increase in the appropriation was not
made for that yeai, but it remained at $9,700, as fixed by
the act of September 9, 1850. To supply the deficiency, an
additional estimate, to the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives, was sent by the Secretary of the Tieasurv, with
hia letter, dated November 18, 1854, and the following ap-
propriation was made in the act of March 3, 1855, scction
2, page G66, under the head to supply deficiencies.
" Tcmtory of New Mexico. For compensation of Gov-
ernor, chief justice, two associate judges-, and secretary,
$2,800." In the estimate of the Secretary ot the Treasury
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1856, the amount required
for these olhcers was as follows:
Governor and superintendent of Indian affairs in New Mex-
ico, per act of July 27,1854, section 1, page 311.. .$3,000
Chief justice and two associate judges at $2,500 per
same act  7,500
Secretary, per same act  2,000
Making for these items $12,500
Said sum of $12,500 for the compensation of these officers
was appropriated in said act of March 3,1855, for the fiscal
year ending June 30,18o6, as required in the estimate, page
654. If the salary of Governor is $3,000, independent and
separate from his salary as superintendent of Indian affairs,
then the appropriations are deficient for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1855, and June 30, 1856, m the sum of $1,000
in each year, and should be provided for at the present ses-
sion of Congress.
There is no ambiguity in the language of the act of July
27, 1854. The wordsare, " Andthattnesalary of the Gov-
ernor of N<nv Mexico be, and the same is hereby, increased
to the sum of $3,000." By the organic act of the Territory,
one sum was fixed as compensation for the Governor, and
another for his compensation as superintendent of Indian
affairs. The offices are distinct, but to be discharged by
the same person, and the compensation for each is distinct.
The compensations are not blended by the act of July 27,
1854; increasingrthe compensation of one of the offices does
riot affect the compensation of the other.
When the bill for increasing tlie salaries of the ofliceis of
the Territories wa3 before the House on the 17th of June,
1854, the question arose whether the intention of the House
was to fix the salary of the Governor of New Mexico at*
•?3,000; or at $2,500, which last sum was said by some of
the members to be the compensation given to the Governors
geneialiy; but on the assertion of General Lane, the Dele-
gate from Oregon, that the Governois of Oregon and Wash-
ington Terntones loceived $3,000, each without being su-
perintendents of Indian affairs,the opposition to fix the salaiy
of the Governor of New Mexico at $3,000 was withdrawn.
It appears, fiom the twenty-eighth volume of the second
part of the Congressional Globe, first session, Thiity-Tinrd
Congicss, page 1428, that much irregular conversation was
held in ivgaid to the proposed increase of this salary to
$3,000; but as all the mqumcs and answers were embar-
rassed by being out of order, it is doubtful whether, under
the restrictions and circumstances, the question was fully
understood and comprehended in all its connection with
former legislation.
It is certain, the compensation of the Governor of New
Mexico is established by the act of July 27,1854, at $3,000
per annum, and it is equally certain that appropriations for
the fiscal veais 1855 and 1856, ending June 30, correspond-
ing with the increase of salaiy i'tom $1,500 to $3,000 were
not made; and the deficiency at the end of the piesent fiscal
year will be $2,000, as stated above.
ELIS1IA WHITTLESEY.
Now, I have cited you to the decision of the
law officer of the Government, whose duty it was
to pass upon this subject, and upon acts passed
by this body, and to award such sums to the
claimants under those acts as he may come to the
conclusion belong to them. He decides that,
under the legislation of Congress, the Governor
of the Territory of New Mexico is entitled to a
salary of $3,000 per annum for discharging the
duties of Governor, and $1,000 more for dis-
charging the duties of superintendent of Indian
affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not suppose that gen-
tlemen of the committee advocating the appro-
priation would object to the last amendment I
proposed. The gentleman read the report of the
FirstComptroller, I suppose, to meet the assertion
I made, that the Treasury Department coincided
in opinion with me.
Mr. PHELPS. I read it for the purpose of
showing that the accounting officer of the Treas-
ury Department had adjudicated that the Gov-
ernor of the Territory of New Mexico was en-
titled to a compensation at the rate of |4,000 per
annum from the 27th of July, 1854. |
Mr. HOUSTON. Here, us this gentleman <
says, is the decision of this law officer of the |
Treasury Department, and he shows that after j
the act passed in July, 1854, the subject came |
before the Treasury Department for a lvestimate i
for the difference between the salary under the |
law of 1854, and that under the law of 1850.
Now there was the question directly presented to
the Treasury Department; because the salary
under the act of 1850 was §2,500, and the salary
under the act of 1854 amounted to a larger sum
than that. They had to determine. There was
the act before them, and now the Comptrollersays '
there is no ambiguity in the language of the acts j
of Congress. The acts were before the Secretary I
of the Treasury, and he estimated and Congress 1
appropriated then what, in the opinion of the j
Department, was necessary to make up this dif- j
ference between the salary of 1850, and the salary !
as increased in 1854. Congress appropriated the
money. A deficiency for this very purpose, and |
coming up to the entire extent of the construc- j
tion of the Treasury Department, has already j
been paid to the Governor of New Mexico. |
Mr. UNDERWOOD. "Will my friend allow |
me to ask him for what purpose we are making i
this additional appropriation? i
Mr. HOUSTON. It is this: it is an after-
thought on the part of the Governor, or of some-
body else; for while they were willing at that
time to estimate for the entire services of the
Governor of New Mexico at $3,000, and while
they did estimate it, and while we did appropriate
that sum, and while he has got the money, they
now come in and say that the addition made in
1854 was to his salary as Governor, and that he
is yet entitled to $1,000 over and above that.
Now, I say that the Treasary Department, with
the law before tliem, made the estimates. The
deficiency growing out of tlie additional salary
granted has been appropriated and made up, and
now there is another deficiency growing out of
that same thing.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Alabama
is under a mistake. It is the Comptroller who
has decided his title to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. When I speak of the Treas-
ury Department, I include all the branches of that
Department; and I was going now to say 
Mr. PHELPS. The Comptroller did not esti-
mate it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I know that; nor have I
said so. Rut the next year after the increase of
salaries, estimates were again submitted to Con-
gress, and then, instead of estimating for the
§4,000, he again repeats the estimates which he
had completed, by asking a deficiency, so as to
make up the pay to $3,000, and, in the language
of the decision, as read by the gentleman from
Missouri, estimated for " $3,000 compensation
to the Governor and superintendent of Indian
affairs in the Territory of New Mexico." Now,
that shows what the opinion of the Department
was for at least two years after the law passed.
Mr. WINSLOW. Will the gentleman from
Alabama allow me to state—to show the intention
of Congress in increasing these salaries—that
when the bill came from the Senate, fixing the
salaries at £3,000, a member on this floor moved
to reduce to ^2.500; but on ascertaining that the
Governor of New Mexico was charged with the
superintendence of Indian affairs, he withdrew
the amendment by consent of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. My friend from North Car-
olina is entirely correct in that; and my friend
from Missouri, on the left, took part in that very
debate.
Mr. PHELPS. Oh,no!
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the gentleman from
Missouri did take part in that debate. The gen-
tleman can see in the Congressional Globe that he
did make statements and put questions; and, if that
be not taking part in the debate, I agree to with-
draw that statement.
Now, sir, all we want is, to get at the correct
construction of the law, to get at the truth of the
case. I ask the attention of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ha\en] to this point; I think
so far from the statement given in that opinion,
as read by the gentleman from Missouri, being
correct, it is precisely the reverse. My friend
from Missouri said, when that bill was before us,
it only gave the Governor of New Mexico $2,500
a year; but upon further examination he found
he was mistaken, and got up and made a state-
ment. Mr. Breckinridge asked my friend from
Oregon, [Mr. La we,] how much the Governor
of Oregon received as compensation. The re-
ply was, §3,000. He then asked the gentleman
from Oregon, " Docs the Governor of Oregon act
as superintendent of Indian affairs?" The re-
ply was, he did not. He then asked the further
question of the gentleman from Oregon, " Does
not the Governor of New Mexico, in addition to
his duties as Governor, discharge the duties of
superintendent of Indian affairs?" My friend
from Oregon correctly replied that he did; and
then, said Mr. Breckinridge, commencing with
that precise language, " Then, I object to reducing
his compensation to $2,500." He contended for
§3,000; and according to the report of the pro-
ceedings of the House which I have read, his very
reason why it should be put at §3,000 was, that in
addition to his duties as Governor he also dis-
charged the duties of superintendent of Indian
affairs. And then it was that my friend from New
York [Mr. Haven] withdrew his opposition to
the increase to $3,000; not because he thought
the salary of the Governor of New Mexico was
to be increased to that extent, for his services
alone as Governor, but because of the conversation
