1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
040
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Supremacy of the Constitution and haws—Mr. Campbell, of Ohio.
Ho. ot Reps.
practice any fraud- Certainly he will not under- I
stand me as tskni  the floor in any spirit of per-
sona! unkimJnesa towards him, Vhatew may
havf Wi'K his purpose or intention in involving
me. either directly or indirectly, in the charge of
harinc recommended to this House an appropri-
ation of money to pay what he asserts are the
romipt expenditures on the part of the marshal
of th:' southern district of Ohio. I have arisen
with no design whatever to treat him unkindly,
nor will I intentionally exhibit Rny wnnt of cour-
tesy. But, Mr. Speaker, it is due to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and due to myself,
that, in the face of such an imputation as that
which B-emed to be made by the question and
remarks of my colleague, 1 should vindicate my
position. I do that in part by showing that my
colleague, who is regarded as sleepless on the
watchiower of freedom here, has voted for the
appropriation bills since the day the fugitive slave
law was passed, and under which the expenses
of its execution have been defrayed until the year
1855: and that it has been through the aid of his
vote the money was taken from the Treasury of
the United States to return Anthony Burns and
others to slavery. j
Mr. GIDDINGS, (Mr. Camfbbll yielding I
to him for explanation.) Will my colleague per- ,
mil me merely to say, that my impression is, that
I have never voted for these appropriation bills i
since 1850? I may have done so; I am not cer-
tain. But I give it as my impression, that I never
voted for a bill containing appropriations to pay
the expenditures under the fugitive slave law. I
have voted against it. Still, I may have been
deceived.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Journal shows the
facts. As I have already stated, the appropriation
in the bill I have reported, and for which my col-
league seems to reprimand me, is like those for
which he voted. It is an appropriation in gross,
for the execution of all the fan of Congress, as it
ought to be; because the committee has no right
to propose an appropriation of money to execute
one law, and refuse the supplies to execute an-
other.
Through every appropriation bill, commencing
in 1850, after the passage of the fugitive slave
law, to 1855, the money has been furnished to
execute all laws, including that which is odious to
my colleague, and to me, and to our constituents. !
He voted for them. He voted for the bill in 1850. !
He voted for it in 1351. In 1852 and 1853, there
was not even a division called,so unanimous was
the House ia voting the appropriation biU. The
bill, ia 1854, containing the appropriation out of
which the $50,000 to defray the expenses few re-
turning Anthony Boras to slavery were paid, part
of which came from the pockets of my colleague's :
constituents on the Western Reserve, was voted
for by him. Following out the system, thus sup-
ported by him, of making appropriations for the
execution of all the laws of the land, the Commit-
tee of Wffys and Means has recommended the
genera] appropriation which ia now so much op-
posed by him. Having left such a record, my i
honorable colleague seems to arraign me before
the House and the country; and the proof shows
that I have done nothing more than follow his
illustrious example. During the discussion of
the bills for which he voted, he did not inquire
of the chairman of the Way# and Means Com-
mittee, to ascertain whether they eon tamed any 
appropriation forwhich the expenses of executing
the fugitive slave law would be paid. No, sir;
these searching, and, to some extent, embarrass*-
ing inquiries, seem to ham been reserved for my
special benefit. They are put at me, "a very
yoang member of the committee," very adroitly
by my colleague, who has twenty years' experi-
ence m this door, under circumstances of a pecu-
liar character. Yielding the floor to him without
restriction, yesterday, I requested of him this
morning a few moments for explanation, which
he peremptorily refused. These facts, in con-
nection with others of recent occurrence, would
indicate a disposition to make political, if not per-
sonal, war upon me, and to withhold from me
we right of self-defense.
My colleague, however, asserted yesterday a
rule of political action which 1 will notiw briefly, , i
because it involves a pnncipU as erroneous as it
is dangerous in its tendency. I inquired of him
whether, if he were President of the united States,
having taken the oath to support the Constitution,
and see thai the lotos be faithfully executed, he would
refuso to execute the fugitive slave law ? He re-
plied I would do as Thomas Jefferson did. When
I found an unconstitutional Into upon the statute-
book, Ivould treat it as such.'' My colleague doubt-
less intended that the House should draw the
inference (as it did) that he would sustain a
President m refusing to execute any law which
he (the President) deemed unconstitutional, al-
though the Supreme Court might have decided
otherwise. Sir, I am against this "one man
power," and will in no manner sustain such a
principle as is here declared. A President who
would act upon it would usurp the powers of,
and render subservient to his will, our judicial
tribunals. If hisopinions of the constitutionality
of acts of Congress are to extend beyond his
right to veto; if he may nullify at pleasure the
Rotsmn decisions of the courts in regard to the
constitutionality of the fugitive slave law*, he may
assume the same prerogative in regard to any
other law passed by the Senate and House of
Representatives, approved by a President, and
confirmed by judicial decisions. Thus, sir, upon
the principle laid down by my colleague, the
President might concentrate in himself all the
powers of Government, and reduce us to a prac-
tical despotism. If he may thus nullify one law,
which   objectionable to nim, why may he not
bid defiance to all other laws ?
If, therefore, gentlemen expect me, as chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, to
withhold from the Executive the money neces-
sary to execute anyone of the lawson the statute-
book merely because in my judgment, or in the
President's, it may be deemed unconstitutional
or inexpedient, I say now, unequivocally, they
will be disappointed. The committee is not, nor
should not be, invested with the high powers
which would enable it to overrule the a^isions of
the courts, and block the wheels of Government.
Our duties in the committee room"are clearly de-
fined. We have no right to originate and report
a bill repealing or modifying the fugitive slave
law, or the Nebraska-Kansas act. Should we do
this we would receive, properly, a rebuke from
the House for usurping the powers which, under
its rules, belong to other committees. Having no
power to act on the subject directly, how can
gentlemen insinuate that, in violation of the pro-
visions of the rules of the House, we should, in a
clandestine or indirect manner, nollify those laws
by withholdingareport in favor of appropriations
which may be necessary to execute them ? I ask
nothing for the committee,or for myself, from
those disposed to make war upon this point, but
fair, honest, and manly dealing. If there are
laws in force odious to gentlemen, let them de-
mand their repeal. Let these exciting sectional
questions be met in the spirit of true statesman-
ship—in the bold and independent spirit of an
honest sincerity! My constituents, sir, are in
favor, as I am, of a modification of the fugitive
slave law, so as to secure the trial by jury, dcc.
The law, as it stands, is odious to them. It is
odious in its details to me. But, sir, I will not
strike at it in any cowardly spirit. I cannot
consent to secrete myself in the Ways and Means
Committee room, and there play the nullifier by
refusing to report the ordinary appropriation bills,
without which there must be an end to ourGovern-
ment, because the means may thus be famished
to execute a law upon our statute-book, the vital-
ity of which is acknowledged by oar courts, Hat
the only reason that my colleague and I and our
constituents were opposed to its enactment.
I may not comprehend the policy which my
honorable colleague seems to propose. Does he
propose a modification or repeal of the ftigitive
slave law, or of the Kansas act? If he does, let
him report his bills through the appropriate com-
mittees, and put them to a vote, rather than
attack them indirectly in a manner tending, if
not designed, to place me and my colleagues of
the committee in a false light before the country.
At the State convention in Ohio, last July, my
venerable colleague was on the committee which
made a platform for the Republican party. He
reported no proposition to modify or repeal the
fugitive slave law. He was a conspicuous mem-
ber of the national convention of Republicans
which lately promulged another platform from
Pittsburg. There is in that, I believe, not a
word of complaint against that law. It is there-
fore "strange—'tis passing strange," that iri
view of these things he should have arraigned me
on a charge of reporting bills which may provide
the means, if occasion demands, for the execution
of a law which he has not proposed to modify or
repeal as a member of this body. I marvel at
the course of gentlemen in this respect, when I
observe that the national convention of that great
party of which they are members has proposed
no changes in that law through the process of that
legitimate, open, and statesmanlike system of
legislation contemplated by our Constitution.
If, however, this new issue, made by my col-
league with me yesterday, which seems to adopt
nullification as the remedy, is to be a test of
the orthodoxy in the Republican party let it be
known. If that party, or any other, intends
to repeal or modify the fugitive slave law, let it
be openly avowed. If, sir, either of the parties
which arc to meet soon to nominate their candi-
dates, intend to skulk the direct question of mod-
ification or repeal, and to place themselves upon
that principle of nullification which, in defiance
of constitutions and laws and decisions of courts,
requires the President, when inaugurated, to
violate his solemn oath to execute the laws, the
country should know it. If any candidate claims
for Presidential authority this revolutionary—this
despotic power, I wish to record my name as his
uncompromising foe. I am for maintaining the
supremacy of the Constitution and the laws, and
for defending each department of Government—-
legislative, executive, and judicial—from any in-
fringement which tends to consolidation. l*hese
are principles of national security, when the sec-
tional storm rages most wildly. I have defended
them in past life, and expect to maintain them in
time to come, here and elsewhere.
I have always held,and still maintain, that the
enactments of Congress in reference to the ab-
sorbing question of slavery—whether to exclude
it from the Territories, or to give means to re-
claim " fugitives"—are final when approved by
the President, until they are modified or repealed
by the legislative power, or made void by -the
decisions of oar Supreme Court. That spirit
which seeks to abrogate the laws made, in the
mannerprovided by the Constitution, in violation
of its obligations, or though a forcible reoifetance
of the lawfully-constituted authorities of the Gov-
ernment, is that of " nullification and disunion ?"
It leads ns to bloody revolution—to civil war—to
anarchy! I cannot, will not follow it. No party
trammels can force me to pursue the path to
which.it points. I denounce it, sir, whether'it
displays its hideous head in Charleston, Stoulh
Carolina, or in Boston, Massachusetts. I de-
nounce it, sir, this morning, when it seems to
have planted itseifinfhe " youaggiant State" of
the West which gave me birth, and which owes
all her glorious prosperity of thepastj and All her
hopes m prospective, to a faithful adherence to
the Constitution*—to the supremacy qf lav*—and to
tke Umon tfthe Statu I
1 have sought the floor, Mr. Speaker, with no
purpose of following my colleague through the
ineandrous route of his remarks. He has said
much which, ia my judgment,- w not pertinent to
the question before the Honsei He has dwelt
with power upon the outrages tn Kansas. When
that subject is legitimately and direct lybefb re as
I expeetto enter the field of discussion, and to go
as far. as the farthest in protecting the people 5f
that Territory in the full enjoyment «f their legal
and eo hstitu tional righ ts.
Mr. GIDDLNGS. Will my oeHeagne peralt
me to ask hi m a question i
Mr. CAMPBELL. ■ As nmny mm yen -please
to put.
Mr.GIDBINGS. I inertly !Wish tt> Jaek tny
colleague if, as the chairman ofthe Committee ef
Ways and Means, he has guarded sgainstpaying
these troops for enforcing the bognfc Legislature
of Kansas; and whether he weuld be willing to
make an appropriation for paying the expenses
for carrying into execution the laws passed by
that bogu* LegiiiaUure.'
