1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1285
that year, and was honorably discharged in the
month of May. When the said regiment was on
its march to Knoxville to be discharged from the
public service, he was taken severely ill, and was
confined at the house of one John Smith, some
eighteen or twenty miles from Knoxville. The
troops continued their march, leaving the peti-
tioner without medical aid or attendance. He
then employed a physician to attend him during
, his illness, and paid him thirty dollars for the
services he rendered, which sum he now asks
may be refunded.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
sarah crandall s heirs.
The Senate next took up the bill, (S.No. 284,)
reported from the Committee on Pensions, for the
relief of the heirs-at-law of Sarah Crandall, de-
ceased; which was read thesccond time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the "Whole.
The purpose is to direct the payment to the
heirs-at-law of Sarah Crandall, of the sum of
ninety-six dollars per annum, from the first ot
January, 1848, to the date of her death, being
the amount she would have received per annum,
under a special act for her relief approved July
24, 1854, if she had survived.
A special act was passed for tfte relief of Sarah
Crandall, and approved July 24, 1854, granting
Iier a pension at the rate of ninety-six dollars per
annum, from January 1, 1848, during her life.
She died before the issue of the certificate, and
before any payments were made under the act.
The heirs-at-law now ask for the passage of a
bill to pay to them the pension granted by the
special act of July 24, 1854, from January 1,
1848, to the date of her death.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed. *
sarah blount*
The next bill on the Calendar was the one (S.
No. 285) reported from the Committee on Pen-
sions, granting a revolutionary pension to Sarah
Blount, which was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to pay her a pension of twenty dollars per
annum, from July 4, 1836.
The petitioner is the widow of John Blount,
deceased, a soldier of the Revolution; she is now
very old, infirm, and in needy circumstances; her
application for a pension under the act of 1836, for
the services of her husband, was rejected by the
bureau because she failed to prove six months'
service of John Blount in the war, but it was ad-
mitted that she had proved about three months'
service, and she has recently obtained a land war-
rant for the service of her deceased husband.
The bill, was reported to the Senate without
amendment,' and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time and
passed.
ann turner.
The bill (S. No. 286) granting five years half-pay
to Mrs. Ann Turner, widow of Elbert Turner,
deceased, was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Interior is, under the bill,
to pay to Mrs. £nn Turner, widow of Elbert
Turner, late of Norfolk, Virginia, the sum of $250
per annum, from the 13th of October, 1855, for
five years; but, in case of her death or intermar-
riage before the expiration of the five years, the
half pay is to inure to his children under sixteen
years of age for the balance of the term.
The petitioner's husband enlisted in the ma-
rine service when twenty-seven years of age, and
sailed to the Mediterranean in the Constellation.
His health becoming impaired, he was sent home,
but continued to serve at various posts until the
year 1845, when he was ordered, as acting quar-
termast&r sergeant, to the charge of the United
States marine clothing store at Norfolk. In 1846
he was discharged from the line of the Service,
but was retained as marine storekeeper at Nor-
folk, and continued to perform those duties faith-
fully, and to the satisfaction of his officers, refusing
to desert his post when the yellow fever ravaged
that city in 1855, and of which he became at last
a victim. Upon his death, his widow heroically
stepped forward to preserve the public property,
and herself discharged the duties of marine store-
keeper until relieved by the appointment of a suc-
cessor to her deceased husband. She performed
these duties so satisfactorily that the proper au-
thorities allowed her the same rate of pay received
by her husband. She is left a widow with four
small children, and but little means of support.
She now prays Congress to grant her a pension,
under the laws which would have entitled her if
her husband had not been dropped from the line
of the service when he was appointed naval store-
keeper at Norfolk.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
nancy m. guns ally.
The next bill on the calendar was the bill, (S. No.
287,) reported from the Committee on Pensions,
granting a pension to Nancy M. Gunsally, for-
merly widow of Lyman M. Richmond, deceased;
which was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. Tts object is to
allow her a pension of ninety-six dollars per an-
num for five years from January 1, 1849.
Richmond volunteered in the United States
service during the war with Mexico, and served
in company G, Michigan volunteers, for the
period of one year. While in the service he con-
tracted chronic diarrhcea, of which he died soon
after his discharge. The evidence of his previous
robust health and excellent habits is full and com-
plete.
The petitioner married one Gunsally, after the
death of her first husband; and from circum-
stances of a painful nature, which reflect no
discredit upon her, she was compelled, by self-
respect and her obligations to the children of her
first husband, to obtain a divorce from Gunsally.
She is, therefore, under the construction given
to the pension and bounty land laws by the bu-
reau, now in a position to claim as the widow of
Richmond.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time and
passed.
representative of george mayo,
The Senate next took up the bill of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads (S. No.
292) for the relief of the legal representative of
George Mayo, deceased; which was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The Postmaster Genera] will be authorized,
under the bill, to pay to the legal representative
of George Mayo, at the rate of $d00 per annum
for the time wluoh it may be shown, by satis-
factory testimony, that he did actually serve as
temporary clerk m the Post Office Department
previous to his appointment permanently as clerk
in that Department, in the year 1832.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time and.
passed.
emma bidamok.
The Senate considered, as in Committee of the
Whole, House bill (H. R. No. 290) for the relief
of Emma Bidamon.
It proposes to direct the payment of §197 35,
with interest from JulyS, 1852, until paid, in full
for the sum adjudged and decreed to her in lieu
of dower by the circuit court of the United States
for the district of Illinois, at the July term, 1852,
in the case of the United States vs. Joseph Smith
et al.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ann p. derrick.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is (S. No. 294) for the relief of Mrs. Ann
P. Derrick, widow of W. S. Derrick, deceased.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I reported this bill from
the Committee on Claims. There is no dispute
about the amount; but I understand tlia.t there is
some controversy as to who shall have it. I beg
leave to observe to my colleague on the commit-
tee, [Mr. Wade,] thatsome facts have been com-
municated to me since the committee acted on it;
I ask, therefore, that it may lie over. I reported
the bill, giving the amount to the widow; but I
| am informed that some legal representatives claim
] it. I hope the bill will be passed over, if my col-
! league on the committee will agree to it. -
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
] The bill was postponed until to-m6rrow. '
! sally t. mathews.
| The bill, (S. No. 296,) reported from the Corit-
i mittee on Claims, for the relief of Sally T.
, Mathews, was read the second time, and consid-
I ered as in Committee of the Whole.
! Its object is to allow her #351 in full compen-
sation for the services of her late husband, Wil-
liam P. Mathews, as an extra clerk in the Treas-
ury Department, between September 1,1842, and
May 14, 1843.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
james t. v. thompson.
The bill of the Committee on Claims (S. No.
296) for the relief of James T. V. Thompson,
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It pioposes to allow him §394 87, in full for loss,
or damage on a quantity of flour purchased by
him at a public sale, under the direction of the
United States commissary of subsistence, at Port
Leavenworth, in August, 1851, and which flour
subsequently proved to be unsound.
By order of the commissary of subsistence, a
sale of about one thousand bags of the flour was
advertised on July 25, 1851, to take place on tha
16th of August following at Fort Leavenworth.
Tlie advertisement represented the flour to be " in
good order and perfectly sweet." The petitioner
purchased four hundred and five sacks, at $t 95
per sack, amounting to $789 75. After the flour
was delivered and paid for, it was ascertained, as
is alleged, to be sour and unfit for use, and was
afterwards sold by the petitioner for the best price
he could get, and netted him about forty cents per
sack, subjecting him to a loss of $627 75, which
ho asks to have reimbursed.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
john m. m'lntosh.
The next bill on the Calendar was (S. No.
299) reported from the Committee on Claims for
the relief of John M. Mcintosh; which was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
It proposes to allow Mcintosh one hundred and
sixty-four dollars, being the joint amount of two
accounts against the Government, duly certified
to be correct, m favor of John Clutes and Jacob
Hart, for eighty-two dollars each; these accounts
being on duplicate certificates, the originals
having "been lost and considered as canceled; but
Mcintosh is to file a bond, to be approved by the
Secretary of the Treasury, to indemnify the
United States against future liability for the pay-
ment of these accounts.
The memorialist is the assignee of two ac-
counts—one in favor of John Clutes, as a team-
ster, for services at Fort Macomb, Florida,
amounting to eighty-two dollars, and the other
in favor of Jacob Hart, for similar services and
a similar amount, which accounts were regularly
certified by Lieutenantand acting Assistant Quar-
termaster Alexander Waugh, of the United States
Army. They were stolen from the memorialist
on the 7th of April, 1840; and, notwithstanding
every effort on his part to recover them, nothing
has been heard of them at the Departments or
elsewhere. The memorialist now prays that the
accounting officers be authorized to pay the ac-
counts upon duplicate certificates, and that the
original accounts be canceled.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
mrs. jane m'crabb.
The bill, (S. No. 303,) reported from the Com-
mittee on Claims, for the relief of Mrs. Jane
McCrabb, widow of the late Captain John W.
McCrabb, Assistant Quartermaster United
Army, was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole."
