me
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
The bill provides that the sum of $4,780 10 is
to be paid to Mrs. McCrabb, as commissions for
disbursements of special appropriations by her
late husband, jsrior to September 30, 1838.
Mr. Y0LEE. With the concurrence of the
committee, I propose ail amendment, which is
intended to prevent a clia'rge of interest on either
side. The amendment is:
- And that In the settlement of tlie account?! of the said
John W. McCrabb the above amount be credited as of date
of its first charge.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
"Was reported to the Senate as amended. The
amendment was concurred in; and the bill as
amended Was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was read the third time, and passed.
HORATIO J. PERRY.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill (S. No. 310) for the relief of Horatio J.
Perry, for the purpose of recommitting it to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The bill was read the second time.
, Mr. MASON. I move that it be recommitted
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, with the
accompanying papers which I now present.
The motion was agreed to.
KEAF1KG MACHINE PATENT EXTENSIONS.
The bill (S. No. 301) for the relief of Cyrus
H. McCormiek, reported from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
, It proposes to authorize the Commissioner of
Patents to receive theapplication of C. H. McCor-
mick, for a rehearing of his application for a re-
newal of his letters patent for new and useful im-
provements in the machine for reaping all kinds
of small grain, dated June 21, 1834, made to a
former Commissioner, and to extend it for seven
years if the evidence justify it, but the machines
lawfully in use are not to be affected by such re-
newal.
Mr. ADAMS. I am generally opposed to the
renewal of patents unless some good reason be
assigned. If there be a report in this case, I
should like to hear it read.
Mr. CROWN. I can state to my colleague the
substance of the report in much less lime than it
can be read. There are two or three other lulls
of the same nature with this, in which the com-
mittee have pursued the same course. This bill
proposes to remit the case of McCormick to the
Patent Office, with power to the Commissioner to
award him the same justice now which he would
have obtained if there had been time to decide
his application before the expiration of his former
patent. It is not a renewal by act of Congress;
it is not a direction to the Commissioner to grant
a renewal; but it is in the nature of a judgment
nunc pro tunc. That is tiie whole case.
Mr. EVANS. I wish to ask whether McCor-
mick's patent has expired? Has he not a con-
tinuing patent now; and is this application to be
prospective ?
Mr. BROWN. He had three patents, all ap-
plying to the same machine. , Two of them have
not yet expired. One did expire in 1848. He
made an application for a renewal two or three
months before the expiration of the time. He
was ordered to take testimony, which he did; but
the testimony was informal, according to the de-
cision of the Commissioner at that time, and was
rejected simply on account of its informality.
Tlie question of its efficiency was not considered;
but, on the ground of its not being exactly formal,
the examiners refused to consider it. IJefore it
could be putin form the pati-nt expired; and from
1848 to this time the party has been here urging
Congress to give him some sort of relief. I re-
ported this bill myself, and I think that the least
we can do for him is to remrt him to the rights
which he had in 1848, on the ground that he lost
them on a mere technicality at that time. This
is the whole ease.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
The hill, (S. No. 304,) reported from the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office for the
relief of Hiram Moore and John Hascail, or their
legal representatives, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the "Whole.
It proposes to require the Commissioner of
Patents to receive the application of Moore &
Hascali, or their legal representatives, for an
extension of their letters patent for improvements
in cutting, threshing-, or cleaning grain, granted
to them on the 28th of June, 1836. He may,
on the evidence, grant or refuse an extension of
the patent for the term of seven years; but all
persons now enjoying the lawful use of any ma-
chines or improvements protected by the patent,
and the purchasers of them, are not to be affected
by an extension.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
The bill, (S. No. 305,) reported from the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, for the
relief of Obed Hussey, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to renew, for seven years, the let-
ters patent granted to Obed Hussoy, on the 31st
of December, 1833, for "anew and useful im-
provement, being amachine for reaping or cutting
all kinds of small grain and grasses," with a
proviso, protecting the rights of persons now
lawfully using the machines.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
thiid reading. It was read the third time and
passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill (S. No. 305) has been
passed. I believe that the bills which were passed
immediately before it, Nos. 301 and 304, referred
to applications for the renewal of patents; but this
bill (No. 305) absolutely grants an extension of a
patent. The reason why 1 make the motion to
reconsider is, that I have before me a resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Illinois, instruct-
ing the Senators from that State to oppose the
renewal of the patent of Obed Hussey for reap-
ing and mowing machines, as such extension will
operate to the great detriment of the agricultural
interests of this State." I have not looked par-
ticularly into the matter; butthis resolution, which
seems to have passed the niinois Legislature, was
forwarded to each of the Senators and Represent-
aiives in Congress, and applies also to the two
other eases which have just been acted upon; but
as the bills in those cases merely provide for
allowing tlie applicants to apply to the Commis-
sioner of Patents to have their patents renewed,
I shall not, at this time, make any motion in ref-
erence to them. The bill which I have moved to
reconsider, however, extends the patent abso-
lutely. I desire to have an opportunity to look
into it. I make the motion to reconsider, and
then, if there be no objection, I should like to
have it lie over until next week, so that I can ex-
amine it and see for what reason the Illinois Le-
gislature have given the instructions to which I
allude. I shall feel bound to vote against the
renewal of this patent under these instructions.
Air. PRATT. The Senator's motion extends,
I understand, only to the last bill which was con-
sidered.
Air. TRUMBULL. Only to the last bill—the
case of Hussey. The other two bills I under-
stand to be merely giving the patentees the right
to apply to the Commissioner, but this bill ex-
tends the patent absolutely.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Illinois
moves to reconsider the vote on passing the bill
(S. No. 305) for the relief of Obed Hussey.
Mr. STUART. I understand that the Senator
does not ask for action on the motion to recon-
sider now; he only desires the motion to be en-
tered so that it may be considered hereafter.
Air. TRUA1BULL. Perhaps the better way
would be to reconsider the vote, and then let the
bill lie over.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. TRUAIBULL. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
The motion was agreed to; and the further
consideration of the bill was postponed until
Friday next.
Air. PUGII. I move to reconsider the votes
passing the two previous bills—the one in regard
to McCormick, and the other in regard to Moore
& HascalJ's patent. I am not satisfied with this
system of renewing patents, either directly or
indirectly, after an interval of some years from
their expiration. I hope the Senate will recon-
sider these two bills and allow them to lie over.
On one of them there is no report from the com-
mittee. A great deal of mischief is done to pri-
vate individuals frequently, by tlie continuance
of these patents, to say nothing of the evil of
the general system.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the Senate will not con-
sent to reconsider the vote on the passage of those
two bills. They differ in their character from the
one which the honorable Senator'from Illinois
moved to reconsider. They only provide forgiv-
ing the parties power to renew their application
at the Patent Office, for an extension of the patents
originally granted to them. I submit to the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, that there would be
great hardship in not permitting this. In the case
of McCormick, for example, he made his appli-
cation within the time in which, under the existing
law, he had the right to make it at the Patent
Office for a renewal of his patent. The letter of
the then chief of the Patent Office shows that the
patent was not renewed on account of some in-
formality in his testimony. All that he now asks
is, that he may be enabled to go to the'Patent
Office and exhibit his testimony in a formal way,
so as to procure the same rights which he would
have obtained if that informality had not existed
at the time wherf he before asked for a renewal.
I think there can be nothing wrong in this. It
does not oblige the Patent Office to renew the
patent; but gives to the Commissioner the power
to renew it, provided the necessary testimony be
exhibited to show that it is right that it should
be renewed. I can see nothing unjust in this; in
fact, I consider it highly proper. Such bills have-
been passed by the Senate half a dozen times for
these very cases, and there can be no earthly
reason, it seems to me, for reconsidering them
now, and reopening the discussion. The discus-
sion of these*patent cases occupied at least four
or five days of Ae last session. I hope that these
two bills, which are relieved from all difficulties,
inasmuch as they do not propose any positive
action, but leave to the Patent Office the power to
act, provided it be right that it should act in the
particular way proposed, will not be rcco-nsidered.
Mr. PUGH. We have a general law in force,
giving a patentee the exclusive right to use his
invention for so many years. The supposition
of the law is, that the exclusive right during that
period of years will reimburse him for the
| expenses attending his invention; but the very
! foundation on which all our patent laws rest is,
! that the public, at some time or other, shall have
the benefit of the invention. Still we know that
by this system of special legislation, there are
inventions of the greatest consequence, which
have been tied up by repeated renewals, some-
times by the Patent Office, sometimes by act of
Congress. I may refer to the notorious case of
the Woodworth patent. All these 'cases are a
sheer violation of the design of the patent laws.
They become great and monstrous monopolies,
and not, as they were designed to be, a fair re-
ward to the inventor for the trouble attending his
invention.
Now, let us see whether the merit of Mr.
McCormick's case is as great as is represented.
His original patent—not for the improvements,
because it is the original patent that we are asked
to renew—expired in 1848. O^course he applied
before the expiration of it—say in 1846 or 1847.
The Senator from Maryland says he did not suc-
ceed. Why has he waited for almost ten years,
until other inventors, knowing that this patent
had expired, may have incorporated the principle
of it into their machines ? I do not say that this
has happened—
Air. PRATT. The Senator asks me why this
man has delayed ten years. I answer him by
saying, I have been here for more than six years,
and ever since I have been in this body the appli-
cation has been made to us every year, so that
there has been really no delay on the part of the
applicant.
Air. PUGH. Then I know there cannot be
much merit in his application, if my friend from
Maryland has been urging it that long, and it has
not received the favorable action of Congress.
Air. PRATT. The Senate has always passed it.
Mr. PUGH. But still it has not received the
sanction of the coordinate branch of Congress,
