1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Meacham.
Ho. or Reps.
■gifting at that time—although in relation to dif-
ferent Territories—wen? the same as those we are
agitating now. And you will recognize the fact
that probably neYer, in the history of the world,
has uier« been agitation in relation to territories
so rich, so large, so fertile, and in their anticipated
desumes so prosperous, as those then and now
under consideration.
We often, in reading a book, find out on a re-
perusal a good many things of importance which
we had passed over in the first reading. It was
so in reading the last presidential message. There
are eighteen columns of the Congressional Globe
occupied in it. The President has discussed in
ten columns our condition as to war and peace,
the Armv, and the Nary, and the revenue, and
the taritf, and the public lands, and then he has
gone abroad and discussed our toreign relations.
And after he had gone over the whole American
continent, and gone abroad over the rest of the
■world, he comes home and devotes eight columns
out of eighteen in reference to the controversy
between the North and South. Eight mortal col-
umns of the Congressional Globe are devoted to
the agitation of slavery; and throughout the whole
he lays the entire blame upon the North, and ex-
cuses in every respect, and in every possible way,
the South
Now remember by whom that is done. It is
done by a President whose nomination was made
at Baltimore, where the party was pledged that
the man coming into power should not agitate
the subject of slavery, and should not promote
sectional agitation. The President himself came
out in a speech, and promised the same tiling. He
came out afterwards in his inaugural,and repeated
the pledge over and over again. It was repeated
again through the votes which he got in this
House. After all that, there stands the eightcol-
umns of agitation. And 1 venture to say—and
I say candidly and honestly—that, of all the
abolition documents that ever I read, 1 never
read eight columns better calculated to promote
sectional agitation than these eight columns of
the President's message. No such thing can be
found in any other official document of the United
States.
One of the points which the President makes
is the aggression inflicted on the South by the
North. I will read an extract from the message:
" It i* impossible io present Ibis (abject as truth and (lie
occasion require, without noticing the reiterated but ground-
less allegation, that the Sooth has persistently asserted
claims and obtained advantages in the practical adminis-
tration of the General Government, to the prejudice of the
North, and in which the latter has acquiesced. That is,
the States, which either promote or tolerate attacks on the
rights of persons and of property in other States, to disguise
their own injustice, pretend or imagine, and constantly
aver, that they, whose constitutional rights are thus ays- ;
tematieaUy assaiiled, are themselves the aggressois. At the '
present time, this imputed aggression, resting, as it does,
only in the vague, declamatory charges of political agitators,
resolves itself into misapprehension, or misinterpretation,
of the principles and facts of the political organization of
the new Territories of tlie United States."
[Mr. Meacham then proceeded to exhibit a
colored map of Texas, to show what portion of
the Territory was given to freedom, and what to
■la very.]
Where is now (said he) the territory which was
then declared free ? It has been given over to New
Mexico and Kansas, with the permission to fill it
with slavery if they please. There [indicating it,
on the map] is the southern boundary of Kansas,
and that has gone into Kansas with the permis-
sion to fill that with slaves. The only portion of
free territory which remains of all that we were
to have is just that little red patch. Itis a degree
*uid a half of longitude in length, and halfadegree
oflatitude in width. That is what remains. There
is the promise made to us, and there is the man-
ner in which it is kept. That little patch of ter-
ritory is all we have to show that the free States
were ever recognized in the distribution. There
was once, as you will remember from reading
Prescott, a territory in the mountains of Mexico.
It was a republic; and while the hosts of Spain
were pouring over all the rest of Mexico, that
little republic maintained its independence forfifty
years, and so perfectly determined were they to
maintain their independence, that they were fifty
years without ever tasting salt, because they could
not get down to the ocean. I trust the time will
come when in these settled Territories there will
be a body of republicans who will have the same
spirit ana determination to maintain their free-
dom, come what will. I have shown you, then,
what has become of that portion of territory.
There [indicating it] is what the slave States
have got, and there is what the free States have
got.
The President has made the establishment of
the Missouri compromise line one of the great
aggressions of the North against the South. That
line has been broken up—we think, unjustly
broken up. It was made by our fathers and rati-
fied by their children. But there wat something
promised in the place of that line. What was it ?
it was that the people in Kansas should have the
right to govern themselves. And the great strug-
gle is, at the present hour, not whether we will
restore the Missouri compromise, but whether
they will keep the promise made, when that com-
promise was abrogated, to the ear, and break it
to the hope?
A year before the Nebraska and Kansas bill
was passed, another bill was passed by this House
for the organization of this Territory; and I be-
■ lieve it gave joy throughout the whole land. It
contained no provision in it for the abrogation of
any compromise. It stood before us as free ter-
ritory, and emigrants said, " We will go to that
Territory, the inheritance of our fathers, and we
will keep it free. We will go there fearless of
any encroachment upon the part of slavery; we
will go there and enjoy a free State." But another
year came, and another bill came along with it.
That bill promised that every man who went
there should go there upon an equality with every
other man, so far as political rights were con-
cerned.
1 Now, sir, all the nlw territories settled by the
Old World were settled in masses; men did not
go out singly from their homes. It was so in the
settlements made in this country. Such was the
fact in the settlement of Virginia, of South Caro-
lina, of Connecticut, of Massachusetts.
But, sir, we hear a great deal of complaint in
these days about emigration aid societies. Now,
suppose that here is a company of men coining
from London to Plymouth. Suppose a hundred
men were to come, and you see a man rushing to
the king', breathless, exclaiming, " Why, men
are emigrating here in masses !" " Well, what
of it?" " Why, they have no right to come here
in masses. Let every man row his own boat.
Let them come singly, and I will not object, but
here they come in whole ship-loads."
Well, sir, there was an emigrant aid society
for the encouragement of the Plymouth colony.
Every man who came to Plyjnouth Rock mort-
; gaged his services for ten years, in order that he
might have his expenses paid, and an allowance
! for his support after he arrived.
And the same thing might be said in respect to
the emigration from Greece to Asia Minor, Italy,
and Sicily. Those who emigrated were generally
persons composing a minority who, having been
defeated in their political struggles, did not care
to be taunted with it, and hence they preferred
going to a foreign country. But they were in a
different situation in some respects* They went
out without law—independent of law—with the
right to make their own laws. But there was
another thing in regard to these emigrant aid
societies; those who stayed at home were bound to
pay the expenses of those who went abroad. This
was just as much a settled law in that community
i as any other law that ever existed there.
There was another emigration which, in one
] respect, and only one, bears a resemblance to those
i who are now going West. There was a body of
men who went out from a certain country for the
purpose of going to .the land of freedom. That
was their professed mission. Well, sir, they
1 obtained permission to go; and on a certain night,
j by the help of emigrant aid societies, they started.
I On that night there were three millions of people
started out from Egypt. There were among them
1 six hundred thousand men capable of bearing
arms. But Pharoah said that was too much.
These men were emigrating in too large masses,
and he started out after them—not to control
them at the ballot-box, but to hinder them from
going. But he did not hinder them. They started !
out for the promised land, not one fifth part of the I
distance to Kansas, but they did not go directly
there. In the course of two years, however, they
came to a river, which only separated them from
the promised land. They were not, however, lit
to enter, and they turned back into the wilder-
ness; and, after thirty-eight years, these six
hundred thousand men, capable of bearing arms,
again arrived at the promised land; they crossed
the river, and freedom was theirs. They were
then trained men—every man trained to his place.
There is a body of men—not going out of
.—but from the northern country to the
est. They are not going there armed. They
are in practice unacquainted with arms; but they
will have their training if it be necessary. They
will break the depths of the forest gloom as tlicy
tramp their way through the wilderness, and the
wilderness will shake beneath their tread, because
it will be the tread of a host of freemen. But
there will be no going back.
' Well, we are told that northern men have
always backed out, and that they will back out
on this occasion. No, sir; we have got where we
cannot back out. Why taunt the men who hold
for the right of the admission of Kansas into the
Union as men lacking courage and high patriotic
spirit? They are descendants of good men always
earnest in the cause of freedom. Heman Allen,
as one of the Representatives of Vernwnt, showed
himself a strong assailant of slavery at the time
of the admission of Arkansas, and it was thought
j fit to sneer at him as buried " way off up in the
mountains." Go and stand by the grave of
| Heman Allen. There will be presented one of
the finest scenes ever presented to the eye of man.
Could you lengthen your vision, and clip the top
of the mountain forests, you might see Arnold on
his perilous way to Quebec. You may see him
wounded. You may see where Wolfe fell, and
where Montgomery died. You may track that
army when pestilence hung over it, and death was
, dripping from her wings. You will see Burgoyne
starting his career on the lake, and making his
way down to Saratoga. Then you will see him
returning, and the splendid presents for the In-
dians, brought by him, disposed of in a manner
and for a purpose far different from that for which
they were intended, just as the marble brought
, into Greece to rear a monument at Marathon.
That monument went up on the same spot, but
I it went up to show the victory of the Greeks and
i the vanquishmenl of the Persians. From that
spot you may see the battle of Bennington. You
may see that fleet going down Lake George in
the French war, with its music, and its banners
flying. You may see the battle of Plattsburg.
You may see the spot where Scott won his glory.
There is the place where sleeps the freeman
Allen.
There is afiother thing on which I wish to
speak. I refer to the emigrant aid societies.
The largest emigrant aid society ever known is
the Government of the United States. It began its
career to stimulate immigration more than fifty
yearsago. How? In protecting squatters, making
i preemption laws, homestead bdls, and giving do-
nations of the public lands to actual settlers. Just
to make the point clear, let me refer to what has
been done in reference to the Territory of Oregon.
In 1832 we passed a law giving to every actual
settler in that Territory, if single',''three hundred
and twenty, or, if married, six hundred and forty
acres. It was to continue for two years; but
when that time had expired, it was extended two
years more. It expired in December last by
its own limitation. Look at it. Six hundred
and forty acres to every man who would go to
' Oregon! Two hundred thousand acres were
! pledged as a gift to actual settlers, if they would
go there. President Pierce takes the executive
chair. I suppose he knows what has been done;
yet, notwithstanding this, when a little emigrant
aid society is seen in Massachusetts, the Pres-
ident, and all in authority, are in the utmost con-
sternation. They are raising signals of distress,
. and sending proclamations all over the land.
| What for? What iB the matter? They want to
: stop emigration from Massachusetts to the West
—an emigration which has been stimulated for
the past half century by acts of Congress. Look
at the consistency of conduct there is here. But
they do not care ii rush for these aid societies.
