562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
The estimate for this work is $'80,000. There
are two other works in Texas recommended by
the chief engineer, but not approved by the Sec-
retary of War, and therefore I have not included
them in this bill. There can be no objection, I
suppose, to this recommendation; and it needs to
be acted on very soon.
' The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
-Mr. PEARCE. I would inquire whether the
bill has ,been reported by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.'
Mr. WELLER. A few days ago I reported,
under the order of the Senate, a bill making ap-
propriations for certain new fortifications. This
particular work is embraced in that bill. I intend
to call for ,the action of the Senate upon it at a
very early day. I shall do so to-day, if, after the
expiration of the morning hour, we do not pro-
fceed to other business.
Mr. PEARCE. So I understand; but this bill
has not been reported from that committee. If I
recollect aright, the bill alluded to by the Senator
from California was recommitted to the commit-
tee because it included some appropriations for
works already established by law; and to provide
for old works by that committee was supposed
to be an invasion of the province of another com-
mittee. This appropriation, therefore, is before
the Committee on Military Affairs. It seems to
me to be rather a bad practice to allow to be pre-
sented, by individual membersof the Senate, bills
which are pending before a committee. All these
new works, I think, ought to be reported by the
committee in one bill, and acted on at one time.
I suppose there is no pressing necessity for this
work, any more than for those provided for by
the bill which was reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs some time ago. I do not see
any necessity for it; and, as it is out of the reg-
ular "track, I should prefer to await the report of
that committee, which, I suppose, will be made
to-morrow. I expect that 1 shall vote for them
all. Iamin favor of putting the frontier in astate
of defense. I think it should have been done a
long time ago. It is not only the interest of the
nation, but the duty of Congress, I believe, to
protect its maritime frontier on all important
points. If the Department recommcnds this as
a point requiring fortification, I should bo guided
by that recommendation, unless some very strong
reason to the contrary should be made to appear,
and I should cheerfully vote for it; but I do think
we ought to act on these matters upon the re-
port of the regular committee, properly charged
with the consideration of such subjects.
The PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator object
to the consideration of the bill now ?
Mr. PEARCE. I do not like to do that.
Mr. WELLER. I think my friend from Mary-
land has misunderstood my remarks. I intended
to bo understood as saying that I had reported
a bill for new fortifications, winch is now 011 the
table, and that this work was embraced in that
bill.
Mr. PEARCE. If that be the case, I think
we had better let this he over, and take up the
bill of the committee.
Mr. RUSK. I de,sire to make an explanation;
and when the Senator from Maryland shall have
heard it I think he will have 110 objection to the
passage of the bill now.
A resolution was adopted by the Senate some
time ago calling on the War Department for in-
formation in regard to fortifications at three
points in the State of Texas. The chief of the
engineer department reported in favor of appro-
priations for all three of those points. The
Secretary of War, in sending in his estimate,
approved only that for Galveston; he did not ap-
prove of the recommendation for appropriations
for Saluria, and for the mouth of the Rio Grande.
Those estimates were, on my motion, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs. That com-
mittee reported a bill which included fortifications
at Galveston harbor, at Saluna, and at the mouth
of the Rio Grande, in accordance with the esti-
mates of the chief of the engineer department.
In addition to these works, the committee in-
cluded in that bill two others which were not
new works. Prom that fact a discussion grew
up in the Senate, and the bill was recommitted
to the Committee 011 Military Affairs.
The committee have now reported a bill pro-
d for a thira
assed. /
3. V
viding for these and other new works. On that
there may be discussion and difference of opinion
which will lead to delay. There is peculiar ne-
cessity for prompt action in this matter. The
harbor of Galveston is more exposed than per-
haps any harbor on the coast of the Atlantic.
There has not been a single dollar appropriated
towards its defense. It is within reach of gun-
shot from the deep water, and, therefore, the ne-
cessity for its defense is greater than for perhaps
any other port on the shores of the gulf. For these
reasons, I hope the honorable Senator from Mary-
land will not make any objection.
Mr. PEARCE. I make none.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed
reading, was read the third time and passed
SENATOR PROM ILLINOIS
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Critten-
den on the 27th of February:
Resolved, Tlint Lyman Trumbull is entitled to a seat in
this body as a Senator, elected by the Legislature of the
State of Illinois, for the term of six years fiom the 4th of
March, 1835
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I approach the
discussion of this question with all that diffidence
which ought to belong to me personally, and with
a full consciousness of the importance of the
subject itself. We learn from the report of the
Committee on the Judiciary, or rather from the
argument of one of its members, [Mr. Pugh,]
that if the resolution offered by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] shall
be adopted by the Senate, its effect will bo to
render null and void certain provisions of at
least twelve, and posuibly sixteen, of the consti-
tutions of the respective States of this Union. It
seems to me that this consideration alone would
lead every Senator to consider carefully before
adopting a construction which would have that
effect, and would induce him not to adopt it unless
in his opinion the language of the Constitution of
the United States imperiously demands it.
There is another consideration connected with
the subject immediately before us. The effect to
which I have just alluded strikes at one of the
dearest interests—an interest of the most vital
consequence to the personal security of the people
of the States ; for these provisions of the various
State constitutions have not been the result of mo-
mentary impulse. They are the result of careful
consideration, and of that extended deliberation
which characterizes the action of the people when
assembled to form their organic law. For their
own safety, therefore, the people of the various
States of this Union have determined that it is
necessary to fix a disability of the nature here
imposed by the constitution of Illinois upon all
persons holding judicial office under the authority
of the State, such as is described in their consti-
tutions.
It is important to consider, in connection with
this subject, the fact that there is no necessity in-
cumbent upon an individual to receive and hold a
judicial office to which this disability is attached.
To every citizen of a State is left the decision of
the question whether or not he will accept the
office of a judge under the constitution of his
State. If he docs aceeptit, he voluntarily assumes
to himself the disability following upon the honors
and responsibilities conferred. I have said—and
I beg Senators to bear in mind—that this disabil-
ity has been thus deliberately fixed by the various
constitutions of those States of the Union in which
it is contained, as a matter of stern necessity in
the opinion of those who formed those constitu-
tions. I shall have occasion to refer to that point
hereafter.
It may be said, also, that any subject which
involves the judgmcntof the Senate upon the true
construction of the Constitution of the Union is
one most grave and important in its character.
There is a consideration affecting myself indi-
vidually growing out of the constitution of the
State of Michigan. The language of the con-
stitution of that State is almost, if not precisely,
identical with that contained in the constitution
of Illinois. The ninth section of the sixth article
of the constitution of Michigan provides:
"Each of the judges of the circuit court shall receive a
salary payable quarterly. Tliev elmll be ineligible to any
other than a judicial office during the term for which thev
are elected, and for one year thereafter. All votes for any
person elected such judge, for any office other than judicial,
given oiihei b> the Le^^laturc or the people, shall be void."
Mr. President, I hope that none of the consid-
erations to which I have alluded will have any
influence upon my judgment in this case, other
than to cause me carefully to consider it after
hearing all that can be said on the subject; and,
if the discussion in the Senate shall convince me
that I am wrong in the position which I have
taken, I shall receive as much personal pleasure
from the result as any other individual in this
body; for the relations which I hold to the hon-
orable member whose right to a seat is now under
consideration are such as to have secured all that
esteem which one gentleman can entertain for
another.
I concede, Mr. President, in the outset, that if
there be a conflict between the Constitution of
the United States and the constitution of the State
of Illinois, the Constitution of the United States,
by its own terms, is paramount, and that would
end the inquiry. In order to ascertain whether
there is conflict or not, 1 shall have occasion to
refer to various provisions of the Federal Consti-
tution, and I shall undertake to show that there
is no conflict. The first provision of the Consti-
tution of the United States to which I shall refer
is this:
"No person shall be a Senator who shall not have at-
tained to the age of thirty yeais,and been nine year* a citi-
zen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected,
be an inhabitant of that State for which he shall be chosen."
I understand those who sustain the resolution
offered by the honorable Senator from Kentucky
to contend that the effect of this provision of the
Constitution is the same as it would be if it read
thus: " Any person may be a Senator who shall
have attained to the age of thirty years, and been
nine years a citizen of the United States, and
shall, when elected, be an inhabitant of that State
for which he shall be chosen." I admit, that
if the clause of the Constitution which I have
quoted is susceptible of this construction, it ends
the case. But is it susceptible of this construc-
tion ? Upon its face it does not purport to declare
such an effect. Upon its face it does not purport
to prescribe all the qualifications of a Senator.
Upon its face it does not purport to prescribe any
disqualifications or disabilities. Therefore, if wc
are to construe this provision according to the
language contained m its own terms, it cannot bo
susceptible of such a construction as is contended
for; but I will undertake to show, by other pro-
visions of the Constitution of the United States,
that such a construction cannot be maintained.
The provision which I have already read contains
110 single word respecting a disability or disquali-
fication; nor is a disability or disqualification to
bo inferred from it. Now, let me read the last
clause of another subdivision of the Constitution:
" And no person holding any office under the United
States shall be a member of either House during his con-
tinuance in office."
That is a disability or disqualification fixed by
the Constitution of the United States itself, which
is not referred to at all in the clause declaring the
qualifications of a Senator. Even a postmaster
of the smallest post office in the United States
cannot be a member of either House of Congress
while he holds his office. That, then, is a dis-
qualification, and it proves conclusively that the
first clause to which I have referred does not mean
what it would mean if it read that every person
who was thirty years of age, and had been nine
years a citizen of the United States, and was at
the time of his election an inhabitant of the State
that chose him, should be entitled to a seat here.
The words used in the first clause to which I have
referred are not words of exclusion; they are not
used in the sense of exclusion; and we see, by a
reference to the other provision, that they were
not intended to be words of exclusion; but their
true construction is, simply, that no man who
has not these qualifications shall be a Senator.
He may have any and he may have all others,
but if he has not all these qualifications, he shall
not be a Senator.
Mr. President, I desire to call the attention of
the Senate to another consideration. The Con-
stitution of the United States contains this pro-
vision :
"Judgment in eases of impeachment shall not extend
further than to removal from office, and disqualification to
hold and enjoy any office of honor, trust, or profit, under the
United Slates; but the party convicted shall nevertheless
be liable and subject to indictment, trial, judgment, anil
punishment, according t,o!aw."
