1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
553
ra
34th Coho....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Slavery—Mr. Bliss.
Ho. or Reps.
number of State#, with   population far less than ||
Kansas now has. wore admitted; so that this
cannot properly be urged as an objection, and I
do not Know of any other that can be brought
forward. The people of Kansas hare certainly
proceeded regularly, ao far as I know; and 1 pro-
pose, ihereforv, to offer in the House the follow-
ing resolution:
Rtzoired, That the'Committkr on thk Ter-
ritories be ijfsr*rcT«) to bring in a bill fok
the immediate admission of KlXSii as a SX.ate,
with the republican constitution that shx
■ as presented to this hocss.
If the present controversy goes on, it will grow
wore bitter every day it lasts. I believe that, for
the peace of that State,of the neighboring States,
and of the country, Kansas should be made a
State. Let them have a State government of their
own choice. Let them settle down to it, and there J
will be peace. We ought to have peace; we can
have peace; we must nave pence. It will be a
ehame to us to resort to physical violence need-
lessly. But let one party—either party—let the
Mtssourians, or anybody, go ana settle down
the re, and fortify themselves with the threat to
burl out every man that comes there from a free
State, and the freemen of the country will not
rest. They will besiege the citadel and scale its
battlements, no matter how stout may be the fort-
ress, for freedom has a voice of thunder, and free-
dom will be heard—not with a still small voice,
but will be heard in the controversy in the place
where Gog and Magog go out to battle. Depend
upon it, if it must come—it may not come soon—
but if it must come, the voice of freemen will be
heard and will be heeded; the snorting of their
horses will be heard from Dan; and the whole land
•will tremble with the neighing of their strong
ones.  
KANSAS AFFAIKS—SLAVERY.
SPEECH OF HON. P. BLISS, |
ot ohio,
In the Horse of Representatives,
.Way 22, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the 1
Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. BLISS said: It is some weeks, Mr. Chair-
man, since I sought the floor to express ray views
upon the subject which I now propose to discuss.
Events have since crowded so thick upon us, that
what I may say may seem almost out of time; and
while Kansas, from the ftet of usurpers, is stretch-
ing towards us for relief, and the lawful authori-
ties, instead of rushing to the rescue, are in allianae
with her enemies, I may find it difficult to enlist
attention to anything but her immediate wrongs
and rights. But Kansas, supposed too pros-
trate for action, has succeeded in arraying herself
in the " robes of sovereignty," and withbayonet
at her breast, yet with the fearlessness of integ-
rity, asks but for authority to annihilate the
usurpers. Her case will be soon before as, and
I believe our action will vindicate the popular
verdict upon the faithless attempt to ensiave her.
TtU then, we may consider questions that will be
living when the Kansas straggle shall have passed,
if there pass not with it the substance of our com-
mon freedom. Yet, I cannot but first note the
extraordinary efforts of the President, and which
have so surprised us, to aggravate the slavery
agitation, to alienate and sectionalize the people,
to defame those who wpuld strengthen and ex-
tend the great principles of law common to all
the States, while extolling the devotees of sec-
tional systems; and especially are we surprised |
at his assurance in presuming to vilify the people j
of the North, merely for their earnestness in j
opposition to his schemes for blackening the con- I
tinent with African social organizations, and at!
his audacity in usin«j mob ana military power to j
coerce those who were to be left" perfectly free" \
to choose their own institutions. j
Mr. Chairman, the race of ServOes has not1
run out. The enjoyment of the blessings of free
institutions does not suffice to extinguish the
meaner passions. Republics still furnish Swiss ;
Guards. Those who once flourished by the Af-
rican slave trade,and whose influcnce raade New
England yield to the demands of the Carolinas
and Georgia, that it be fastened for twenty years
upon the youn? Federation,did not die childless.
The East—and I regret to have to add the West
—still furnishes those who seek not judgment,
but who •' love gifts and followafter rewards"—
who for a consideration will not hesitate to sell
out the free West—will not hesitate to libel the
States that bore them, or which gave them power
to Bting. To the Representatives of the slave in-
terest here I can only say,make the most of them.
Our free churches, "free schools, and free presses,
which so shock your nerves, nre doing their
work; and even if your impoverishing systems
shall leave you anything to barter, you will soon
find that—at least our people have outbid you.
You taunt us with the feet, that eur fathers per-
mitted a few of their mercenary tradesmen and
mariners to engage in the practice—lawful as you
call it—of hunting men and stealing women in
Africa for your fathers to buy. We ao not mean
that our complicity in kindred crimes shall give
your children the power to rail the blush to the
cheeks of those we leave behind us.
But it is not of our mercenaries that 1 propose
to speak, but to their masters, and of such of
their complaints as are based upon the Republi-
can purpose.
we design to prevent thb extension of
slavery into ant of the territories. The
legal power to do this cannot be questioned; and
if any poor wanderer is yet groping his way by
the Will o'th* wisp of the Nicholson letter, I com-
mend him to the argument of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ritchie,] orto thatof my col-
league, [Mr. Stanton.] But this is claimed to be
a sectional measure, and complaint is made that
by it the rights and interests of the South would
be invaded. If so, the complaint is just, and we
should desist, for we are no sectionalists. But
pray tell me who constitute " the South ? " Of
-coarse in this connection you do not count your
slaves; nor can it be claimed that the rights and
interests of your non-slaveholders would be vio-
lated by such non-extension. The more indus-
trious and intelligent of them have flown and are
flying from the effects of slavery. My country
is filled with them; and it is because they would
protect their " rights and interests," and their
own equality, that they would escape the influ-
ence of slavery. Though those remaining with
you are more than nine tenths of your white
population, yet they, I suppose, are not " the
South." " The South," then, consists of its slave-
holders; and what interests, pray, of slaveholders
are jeoparded by slavery restriction? Clearly t
they nre sot deprived of tie proceeds of the labor !
of their slaves. & given number of hands will!
produce just as much cotton or sugar or tobacco,
' whether Kansas or New Mexico be free or slave,
and its market price will be just as high. Indeed,
the consumer of slave labor is rather interested
in the restriction of slavery, for with every ex-
pansion the price of the laborer and consequent
cost of production is increased. The only ones,
then,interested are4hose who have slaves to sell,
and they, it seems, are " the South." Let it, then,
be understood, that when the rights and interests
of the South are spoken of, you mean the rights
and interests of those who rear men and women
for the shambles! The time was when " the
South " had another sense, and her sons would
have blushed to own her complete identification
with human traffic. And if it has come to this,
God forbid that I should show any respect for
such "rights," for such " interests."
But we are accused of" denying the equality of
the chisem of the States; and all the appeals,
denunciations, and threats of treason, which fall
so thick upon us, are based upon the accusation.
The assumption is simply this, that if the laws
of die Territories shall not permit the citizens Of
slaveholding States, who at home have held per-
sons in bondage,from thus holding them in the
Territories, then they are denied a perfect equality
with citizens of the free States; or, in other words,
if Congress shall refuse to permit the establish-
ment of the local laws of tne slave States in all-
the Territories, it thus refuses to protect the equal
rights of the emigrating citizens of those States.
Now, to this complaint it is enough to Bay-— j
1. No personal privilege is denied to an e«i- I
grant from a slave State, which is not also denied
to emigrants from the free StateB; hence there is
no inequality.
9. So far as law is concerned, the very demand
is a claim for superiority and not equality. Th 
extension of the law of slavery would subvert its
opposite, and give it a superiority under pretense
of equality; for the law that enslaves a man, and
the law which protects him, cannot coexist.
3. The complaint assumes that the laws in th«
Territory must be made to conform to the law*
of the several "States, at least in relation to " per-
sons held to service." Now, in view of the fact,
that there is great disagreement between the laws
of the States upon this subject, some allowing
abject pervitude, an4_others permitting only the
1 natural and common-law subjection, and that
modified of wives, minors, anil apprentices, the
absurdity of the complaint clearly appears. Either
the laws of all the States must be in force in the
Territory, which is impossible, or the laws of
some particular State, or laws independent of those
Of any State. Or, the complaint assumes,
4. That each emigrant should carry his own
State laws with him. Is that possible? Have
laws any extra territorial force ? Law is a muni-
cipal regulation; does it extend beyond the muni-
cipium ? Is a Territory like the high seas, where
all nations have equal rights, and the flag of
every nation carries upon its own ship the nation's
jurisdiction? Are the rights of the dwellers of
each hamlet to be decided by the laws of their
parent SURe? And yet the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Warner,] if I understand him, assumes
this doctrine. After citing the case of a Spanish
vessel laden with slaves, which' was seized by a
British cruiser, and the seizure held illegal, he
•ays:
"The slaves were not taken by the Spaniard into the
kingdom of Great Britain, in violation of her laws, but
were seized upon the great highway of nations), upon the
empire of the seas, upon common ground, where tile Span-
iard had as much right to be with his property as the Eng-
lishman ; and the principle would have applied with equal
force if the slaves bad been seized upon common territory,
the joint property of Great Britain and Spain. The same
principle is applicable to the common territory of the Union,
which is common ground, being the joint property of all the
States, where the citizen of Georgia has as much nght to
be with his slave property as the citizen of Ohio has to be
there with his property—neither violating any law of that
territory by going into it with their property."
The character of this reasoning will appear,
when we consider that the high seas belong to no
nation, federation, or confederacy, and that they
are, andean be, subject to no municipal code, but
the law, of each nation follows its own ships
| wherever they go. Slavery and the slave trade
j were then held to be lawful in Spain, and, there-
j fore, slaves on board Spanish ships could not be
! discharged by English law. The ship was still
! Spanish, its, domicile was Spain, and it was sub-
ject only to Spain's law. But each Territory
must have municipal laws of its own,.and they
are uniform in every part of the Territory. Can
there be one law for the farm of the emigrant
from Georgia, and another for he farm of the
; emigrant from Ohio ? And what if the two emi-
[ grants own and occupy a farm in common, per-
, naps intermarry, the law of which State shall
govern ? Neither is it true that the Territories
are the common property of the States as such.
They belong to the Federation as a unit; and
each citizen owes allegiance to the Federal Gov-
ernment ulone. They bear no aftalogy to a coun-
try belonging to two independent sovereignties,
as the gentleman has supposed; and even if they
did, it would not matter; for, if Great Britain and
Spain held a common territory, it must harre
municipal laws; and the relations of person# and
theTigntaof property would be controlled by its
own municipal laws, and not by those of thejoint
sovereigns.
But complaint also is made that, by prohibiting
slavery ia the Territories, Congress would make
improper and invidious distinctions against the
laws of the slave States. This complaint is also
based upon the unfounded assumption, that the
law of slavery—if I nay be pardoned the seem-
ing paradox of calling tnat law which is but the
denial to its victi&s of the law's protection—from
its character, influence, and origin, has equal
claims to the favor of the Federal Go vera meat
with the .principles of the common law, or the
