554
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 22,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Slavery—Mr. Bliss.
Ho. of Reps.
law of freedom. If this be true, then I admit that
the complaints of the slavery extensionists are
well founded, or at least that there should be a
division of the Territories. Slavery, therefore, itself
is put in issue; gentlemen compel us to test its
claims.
By the character of slavery I refer not to the
cruelties or kindnesses of slave-masters, but only
to its distinguishing and essential legal features;
and in doing this I shall but briefly allude to a
few of them.
1. Slavery is hereditary. Because one has suc-
ceeded in enslaving the parent, therefore he has
the perfect right to enslave his posterity, and
according to the degrading and demoralizing rule
of partus sequitur ventrem. Like the ox and the
horse, the owner of the dam owns the increase;
while in every other hereditary relation the child
follows the condition of the father.
2. Slaves cannot contract legal marriage, and
there can be no such thing as the lawful family
relation among them. When they follow the
instincts of religion and affection, as best they
may, their union is subject entirely to the irre-
sponsible will of others. Let him who can meas-
ure the influence of sacred domestic ties upon
civilization and character characterize such legal
atheism. I can find no fit words!
3. Slaves can hold no property. The acquisi-
tive instincts—the greatest of human civilizers—
are denied lawful exercise. Says Crenshaw, Jus-
tice, in Brandon et al. vs. Planters, &c., Bank, 1
Stewart's Rep., 320: •
"a slave is in absolute bondage; he has no civil right, and
can hold no property, except at the ivill and pleasure of his
master; and his master is his guardian and protector; and
all his rights, and acquisitions, and services, are in the
hands of his master. A slave is a rational being, endowed
with volition and understanding like the rest of mankind,
and whatever he lawfully acquires and gains possession of
by finding, or otherwise, is the acquirement and possession
of the. master. a slave cannot take property by descent or
purchase."
_ 4. Their persons are without the law's protec-
tion; and they are in general subjected to any
treatment dictated by the interests or passions
of the possessor. This subjection has been of
late modified by enactments against willful mur-
der, assault with intent to murder, and in some
States are found regulations as to food and gross
abuse. But the legal disabilities of the slave are
such, that these provisions are of necessity at the
master's discretion; and the essential character
of slavery justifies the master, or temporary pos-
sessor, in the use of any force he may deem
necessary to induce absolute subjection, even
though life be taken. The case is clearly put by
Judge Ruffin, of North Carolina, in the State vs.
Mann, 2 Devereux, 263, when he decided that
the hirer of a slave-woman who refused to sub-
mit to a flogging might lawfully shoot at and
wound her; and the court declared that the power
of the master must be absolute; that, though con-
trary to moral right, this discipline belongs to a
state of slavery, and is inherent in the relation of
master and slave; and adds—
"We cannot allow the right of a master to be brought
into discussion in a court of justice. The slave, to remain
a slave, must be made sensible that there is no appeal from
bis master; that his person is in no instance usurped," &c.
I speak not of those refinements of American
slavery, forbidding letters, forbidding honorable
employment, forbidding assemblies, forbidding
locomotion, forbidding emancipation, and for-
bidding even to the dominant class freedom of
speech; they are but its incidents and tributes to
the rebellion of nature against its enormities.
But perhaps the influence of these provisions,
at least upon the dominant class, is benign; per-
haps laws have ceased to react upon character;
perhaps human nature is so changed that the
denial of the sanctions of marriage to servants,
though a majority of the people, while character
is to them valueless and self-defense denied,
guards the decencies of life: perhaps, for the
commerce of civilized nations, the substitution of
• ft traffic in their sons and daughters develops the
resources and increases the industry and dignity
of States: perhaps absolute power generates the
milder virtues, exalts the sense of justice, and
promotes habits of self-control. Let us see.
_ Such is the natural aptitude of the negro to
improvement, that, unless in the heavy planting
regions, in spite of the laws, he may make some
prop-ess. But slavery brings him into an unnat-
ural contact with the white man, and how does
that contact affect the latter? We sometimes
hear of the tendencies of nature towards an equi-
| librium; are the negro's wrongs avenged by this
! tendency? I would not intimate• that the white
race is necessarily degraded by contact with the
; black; that would depend entirely upon the
character of the contact—upon the sentiments or
' passions developed by it. He who seeks the
elevation of the low, himself is elevated; while he
who would keep them down, himself sinks.
Such is the universal law; and the inquiry now
is, whether that law is suspended in favor of sla-
very; whether the general influence upon the dom-
inant race, of a class oppre ssion, vindicates j us tice ?
We are told that " what a man soweth that shall
he reap;" and Jefferson, speaking of the surround-
ings of slavery, from its midst says: "The man
must be a prodigy who can retain his manners
and morals undepraved by sur.h circumstances."
Whatever elevation or excellence of individual
character there may be, and no man more highly
appreciates those many excellencies than do I,
the general influence of slavery upon the country
and the white masses is visible to the most super-
ficial observer. It is seen in the perversion of
Christianity; in the degradation of labor; in the
blighting of the soil; in the thriftless indolence of
the masses, and their consequent ignorance and
poverty; in their subjection to the adverse inter-
ests of a privileged class; in the parti-colored
complexion of the denizens of kitchen, planta-
tion, and slave pen; in the supremacy of force
! over law; in the recklessness of life; in the
almost totalsubversionofthatfreedomof thought,
and freedom of speech and the press, the essen-
| tial attendant, and among the chief ends of all
, free Governments; and in that lowest of all results"
of wrong-doing, such a loss of the moral sense as
. to blind the wrong-doer to the character of his
i acts; alltwhich are witnessed in such large por- :
tions of the country, and in proportion to the j
predominance of slavery and the slave spirit. I
am happy to know that these influences are not
vet universal and complete, for in no State is free
labor yet entirely supplanted.
These allusions to the character and influence
of slave laws are necessarily very brief—full
fidelity would require volumes—yet they are ex-
ceedingly painful. I would gladly forget that our
country is so dishonored, and, worst of all, that
men will glory in their shame. But the exten-
sionists and their President have forced the dis-
cussion upon us, and I have never learned to let
squeamishness stand in the way of duty.
But perhaps the origin of the slave code will
inspire reverence. Whence, then, came the anom-
aly ? Did the grim form spring, full grown and
wmed, from the western wave ? Or did it skulk
in the hold as the colonist left the home-land, and
follow him with his other household gods ? Or is
the incongruous thing an exotic > It may seem
idle to look back in our struggles with the present;
but to me, in the onward traverse, ever looking
back, but for line, having nctemore faith in syllo-
gisms merely, in law and politics, than in philos-
ophy) guiding my feet alone by the instincts of
justice and the " lamp of experience," the origin
of a system of government, or system of laws,
and its effect where indigenous, possesses great
significance; and besides, I have become sick of
hearing the antiquity of slavery, of the slavehold-
ing habits of patriarchs and philosophers. I have
no doubt that the slaveholding spirit is as old as
sin, and that Cain would have enslaved Abel if
that would have better gratified his passions; but
I do not mean that African slavery, ancient though
itbe, shall filch respectability by assuming a stolen
crest.
The American slave code was not derived from
the English common law. It is wholly unlike
common-law villanage—the only English servi-
tude. The marriage of a villain was as valid as
that of his lord, and both were consecrated by
the same sacrament. Like other hereditary con-
ditions-, that of the father followed the offspring;
contracts with villains were lawful, and caused
their liberation; the bastard was presumed to be
begotten by a freeman, and was free. Villains
regardent were attached to the soil and protected
in their homesteads as in their family relations.
The number of villains in gross was always
small, and no evidence is found of their existence
in England for centuries before the settlement of
Virginia; and even the mildest form of serfdom
had faded before the progress of the common law
and the influence of religion, not yet the ally of
oppression. Besides, the courts of Westminster
have often decided that colonial slavery was
never lawful in England. The celebrated Som-
erset case, and the case of Forbes vs. Chochean,
(2 Barn. & Cress. 463,) are conclusive. But in
the absence of these decisions, where is the evi-
dence that chattel slavery was ever lawful in
England ? Dig up the records and give us the
proof. Surely such a custom could not have
existed for centuries, " from the time when the
memory of man runneth not to the contrary there-
of," and baron and peasant, and bench and bar,
be ignorant of its existence. And besides, every
maxim of the common law breathes justice, and
its whole machinery is contrived to guard rights,
not to intensify wrongs. It had excrescences,
but none like slavery. Whatever of political
privilege or personal security the Briton enjoys
beyond the Russian, or the citizen of Ohio beyond
the Mexican, they owe to the successful contests
of the Anglo-Saxon with the enemies of the com-
mon law. Let it never be cited in favor of any
form of oppression.
The gentleman from Georgia labors with some
plausibility to trace the right to property in man
to the law of nations, and through it to the com-
mon law. But his argument is based on the
assumption that the law of nations can decide
, what is or what is not property. Property is
j derived from the law of nature, or from the muni-
I cipal law, and not from the law of nations. The
! latter may take notice of what is property, but
it does not establish it. Can it be said that an
importer derives from the law merchant his right
to treat as property his pipe of brandy or bale of
silks? " The law of nations is that code which
j defines the rights and prescribes the duties of
: nations in their intercourse with each other,"
(Kent.) And under it each nation, in its inter-
course with other nations, will, in general, treat
as property what that nation so regards, and
while it is within its exclusive jurisdiction, how-
ever repugnant to the spirit of its own laws.
The authorities cited by the gentleman prove
nothing more. __ Spain and some other States at
that time permitted their citizens to buy or steal
negroes in Guinea, and transport them in Spanish
ships; and the only point decided was, though
with some looseness of phraseology, that the
rules of intercourse between nations—i. e., the
law of nations—would not permit any friendly
nation to interfere to prevent it. So the law of
nations may decide the ownership of property,
as prizes in war. But it does not decide that to
be property which is so taken. Suppose, in
war, an English privateer should capture a Bra-
zilian slave ship, the property on hoard would
be lawful prize: and belong to the captor. But
would, the slaves be property ? Certainly, if the
law of nations so decides. But, no.. The domi-
cil of the captured ship immediately becomes
English, and all that the law of nations does is
to transfer the dominion of the ship to its English
captor, and by its agency Brazilian slaves become
British subjects and freemen.
So far from the modern law of nations au-
thorizing, or even giving color to, domestic sla-
very, its fundamental principle, of the equality of
nations, as based upon the natural equality of
man, is directly hostiler.to it. Says Vattel:
" Since men are naturally equal and a perfect equality
prevails in their rights and obligations, as equally proceed-
ing from nature—nations composed or men and considered
as so many free persons living together in the state of
nature, are naturally equals and inherent from nature the
same obligations, and rights."
And yet a nation may not prevent the internal
wrongs of other communities; for, says our au-
thor:
" A nation then is mistress of her own actions, so long as
they do not affect the proper and perfect rights of any other
nation."* * * "If she makes an ill use of her liberty, she
is guilty of a breach of duty; but other nations are bound to
acquiesce in her conduct, since they have no right to dic-
tate to her."
Again :
" It is therefore necessary on many occasions that nations
should suffer certain things to be done, though in their own
