1290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Sir. CLINGMAN. As I insist on the call for
tire-regular order of business, I presume that the
Chair will have first to decide whether or not this
resolution is in order. I ask the Chair to decide
that without reference totjieparticularcontents of
the proposition. I refer theChair to the decision
made only the other day.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The principle involved in
this case is certainly very different from that pre-
sented a few days ago. In reply to the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia, I will say
this: that if the facts stated in the preanqble are
disputed, I will modify it so that it will read,
"Whereas it is represented that," &c.
Mr. SMITH. Strike out the preamble alto-
gether. The facts stated in it will not ba agreed
to. They are untrue.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The object of the resolu-
tion is simply that the facts may be brought
before this House in an authentic form. It is
due to the House, due to the parties implicated
in this matter, and due to the country that the
facts should be presented in some authentic way
through a committee which will examine fully
and fairly all the circumstances connected with
the unfortunate occurrence.
'Mr. CLINGMAN. The statement in the prop-
osition is a gross falsehood; but at the same time
I do not put my objection to this proceeding on
that ground. I insist that, before there is a dis-
cussion which is calculated to prejudice anybody,
tiie Speaker will decide whether or not this motion
be in order. From that decision, it will be com-
petent for either the gentleman from Ohio or my-
self to take an appeal. I object to all debate in
this stage of the proceeding.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made to the
reception of the resolution, it is the duty of the
Chair to decide the question of order. The Chair
is of opinion that the resolution involves a ques-
tion of privilege. He puts his decision OH this
ground, distinguishing this case from the resolu-
tion referred to by the gentleman from North Car-
olina. If a personal difficulty occurred between
two members of this House, either during its
session or immediately upon its adjournment,
growing out of the proceedings in the House, the
Chair is of the opinion that its investigation
would be legitimately a question of privilege.
Hisopinion is in accordance with manyprecedents
involving the same circumstances. This case
differs from that decided by the House a week
6r two since in many particulars. The resolu-
tion refers to an assault by a member of this
House upon a member of the Senate, while in
his seat in the Senate Chamber. It does not, it
is true, affect the privileges of the House, or its
members, with that directness which would exist
if the assault had occurred between members of
the House, in its presence. It is, however, only
one step removed, and that removal is not such
as to change the nature of the question. The
members of the Senate are entitled, under the
Constitution, to the same privileges as members
of the House of Representatives; and whenever
it shall appear, either by a message from the
Senate, or by an admitted statement on the part
of any member of this House, that the privileges
of the Senate have been violated in the manner
charged by the gentleman from Ohio, the Chan-
believes it to be a duty to submit it to the House
as a subject of privilege. The resolution is there-
fore in order, and properly before the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair. I do not know how far the
question is debatable; and I do not wish to tres-
pass on the rules of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will say to the.gentle-
man from North Carolina that, inasmuch as re-
marks have just fallen from him that the pream-
ble to the resolution contains a statement that is
not true 
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) It is not
true; I am satisfied that the statement is un-
true.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I supposed it was univers-
ally admitted that the occurrence referred to
took place ; and that the parties named were con-
cerned in it. I will modify my resolution, how-'
ever, so that it will read, " Whereas it is repre- i
sented that,"&c. |
Mr. CRAIGE. That will not relieve the res- '
olutionfrom the difficulty. Nobody,! apprehend,■ i
has heard representations that the gentleman from !
South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] was concerned in
the matter
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The result of an
investigation would certainly work no wrong to
either gentleman. My purpose is simply to have
the facts presented. I understand that the Senate
have, without a dissenting voice, raised a com-
mittee of investigation; and I had hoped that the
friends of -the parties here would make no ob-
jection. I have modified the preamble in such
manner as not to make a positive charge.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will occupy the atten-.
tion of the House but for a single moment. The
allusion of the gentleman from Ohio to the occur-
rence in the Senate will present to your mind the
point of distinction which 1 take to exist between
the action of this body and the Senate. The
Chair places its decision, I understand, upon this
ground: A week ago, when a resolution was in-
troduced, charging a member of this body with
having assaulted and committed a crime against
some other person, the House decided that it was
not aquestion of privilege. If it had been against
a member of this House, undoubtedly the decis-
ion would have been the other way. The Chair
now decides that, because the party is a Senator,
the case is different.
The Senate have the right and power to protect
their own privilege, but we have no right to do it
for them. .The Senate proceed upon the ground
that no Senator can be called to account for words
spoken in debate. The Senate is competent to
protect its own rights, and has taken steps to do
so, as the House would do under like circum-
stances. But we have no more right to look into
the matter because a Senator is concerned, than
we have in the case of any other person. There
is nothing in the joint rules of the two Hou'ses,
or in the Constitution, which authorizes us to
take steps to protect Senators any more than
other outside persons. They are to be protected
by the laws of the country, and they have the
right to protect themselves, and I see no reason
for this investigation.
My object is to get a decision of the House
upon this question, and I intend to ask the yeas
and nays upon it. I regret that the gentleman
from Ohio has offered a resolution, which I have
no doubt, from inquiry—and I have taken some
pains to converse with bystanders in relation to
the affair—is a gross falsehood, and an infamous
libel so far as both of those gentlemen are con-
cerned. I deem it due to say this, because this
resolution goes to the country, and some may sup-
pose that it contains truth; and therefore I wish
to stamp it as false.
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) Docs the
gentleman mean anything personal by that?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Oh, no. I do not wish
or intend to charge the gentleman from Ohio with
intention of falsehood. I have no doubt he is
mistaken. I acquit the gentleman of all inten-
tion of doing injustice.
I could refer the House to several cases of
privilege, as I have taken occasion to refresh my
recollection about the sub ject, and to look into the
decision of the House in the case of Graves and
Cilley. When the case of Graves and Cilley was
brought up, Mr. Adams, of Massachusetts, took
ground in favor of Graves, and the House ulti-
mately decided that they wouid not investigate
the proceedings in that case. There was an elab-
orate discussion on the case, and Mr. Adams sub-
sequently, when a charge was brought against
him, in defending himself referred to that prece-
dent, and to his own course in relation to it.
If I chose to occupy the time of the House in
reading from the Congressional Globe, I could
show that Mr. Fillmore maintained the identical
point which would be necessary to protect the
gentleman from South Carolina in this investiga-
tion. In that case, the House ultimately laid the
whole subject upon the table. Itwas a decision,
as far as a member of the House is concerned in
a transaction outside of the House, that he was
entitled, under the Constitution, to a trial before
a jury, and that the case could not be examined
in this House.
There are other cases, some of them mentioned
to me recently, which will cover the whole point
involved in this case.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire simply to state
that I have, by no means, been actuated in this
movement by any feeling of unkindness towards
either of these parties. My personal relations
with them have always been those of friendship.
I consider a proceeding of this kind as demanded
by the dignity of this House, in order that we
may have authentic information in reference to
this unfortunate occurrence in the Senate. Vari-
ous rumors have gone out; and the only way in
which this House can have reliable information,
and in which the country may obtain knowledge
as to the character of the transaction, and from
just conclusions, is that which I have proposed.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether this resolution offered by him
is the result of any concert of action of members
of the'House outside of the Hall, and whether
there has been any caucus upon the subject?
Mr. CAMPBELL. There has been no caucus
acting upon this subject to my knowledge. Not
one word have I heard from any party holding a
caucus in reference to it. I have been influenced
alone by the dictates of my own judgment as
to the propriety of this investigation. True, I
admit that I have talked with gentlemen in refer-
ence to this assault, with a view to ascertain what
was the true state of facts. It may be possible
that I was led into error as to the participation of
one of the honorable gentlemen [Mr. KeittJ in it,
and that my original draft of the resolution was
a little too strong in asserting positively that an
assault had been committed by him.
I know one thing from personal observation.
I saw the Senator, a moment after the occurrenc.e,
lying bleeding in a room adjoining the Senate
Chamber, with gashes cut in his head, from which
the blood flowed over his person; but as to who
perpetrated the outrage I do not know, except
from what I have heard from members and others
who witnessed the scene.
As to the point made by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] I would like
to ask him whether, if a member of this House
were to proceed to the President's mansion, and
there strike down the President in the east room,
or in his library, while in the discharge of his
official functions, there would be any objection
to investigation of the facts, or any point of order
raised as to what should be the course of this
House ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I say, in reply, that I
know of nothing in the law or the Constitution
which protects the President in the case sup-
posed other than that which protects any other
citizen; and, m such a case, I would leave the
member of this House to trial in a court of law
This House has nothing in the world to do with
it in its legislative capacity.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have not time to travel
over the precedents, but I am informed that there
is a case which occurred in the Senate many-
years ago, where a Senator was brought before
the Senate because of misconduct as a Senator, in
attempting, far off in the West, to control, im-
properly, the action of Indian agents; and this is
a much stronger case than that.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman from Ohio
will allow me to interrupt him, I will remind him
that, two or three years ago, the Postmaster Gen-
eral was assaulted near the door of this House
by a member of this body; but neither the gen-
tleman, nor I, ever attempted to bring the matter
before the House as one of privilege.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That was not during ths
performance of his official functions. It was out-
side of the legislative halls, and may have been
regarded the same as any other street fight. I
move to lay the appeal on the table; and demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. MILLSON. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question: The gentleman from Ohio submits the
resolution which has been reported at the Clerk's
desk. The gentleman from North Carolina raises
the question of order, that the matter embraced
in the resolution does not involve a question of
privilege. In reply to the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, that this is a case
similar to that decided by the House a week or
two since, the Chair makes this distinction: In
that case, a member was charged with having
assaulted a citizen outside this House, and away
from the Capitol, for some cause,unknown to
the Chair, and not reported to the House. But
in this case it is charged in the preamble of tha
