564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
is beyond the reach of the State authorities;
and the Constitution of the United States having
given this body the sole power to determine the
question, if they determine it against the State—
though erroneously—there is no remedy. This
consideration, I think, ought to throw over this
case additional importance. The State of Illinois,
like' the State in which I reside, has sought to
protect itself by every means in its power; and to
effect that object has declared that all votes given
for a judicial officer for any other office, whether
by the people or the Legislature, shall be void.
I think the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ptjgh] who
addressed us yesterday made a very strong ar-
gument on that branch of the inquiry discrim-
inating between eligibility and election. The
Constitution of the United States declares that
the State Legislatures shall elect the Senators;
and, in the absence of any legislation by Congress,
the State authorities shall prescribe the time and
manner and place of election. I do not mean to
say that, in my judgment, it is clear that under
the term " manner of election," the State may
declare votes given for a certain individual to be
void; but I do undertake to say that it is not clear
that they cannot so declare. They have power to
prescribe the " manner " of election. They may
declare whether it shall be viva voce or by ballot.
They may declare whether it shall be by the Le-
gislature m joint convention, or by a vote of the
separate Houses. If they see fit to declare that
votes given for a person who has been pronounced
guilty of bribery, and has been thus by their own
law rendered ineligible to an office, shall be null
and void, I do not think it is clear that that is a
power which they do not hold under the Consti-
tution. But, sir, that branch of the argument,has
been so well stated by the honorable Senator
from Ohio, that I do not intend to enlarge it.
I come now to consider the provision of the
constitution of Illinois itself; and I must confess
that it was with some surprise that I heard it in-
sisted that if vitality were to bo permitted in the
constitution of the State of Illinois in this respect,
still the sitting member would not be reached by
its provisions. The honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky argued that, having resigned his office, and
that resignation having been more than a year
prior to the time of his election, he was not af-
fected by the constitution of Illinois. Why, sir,
that construction would do away with the entire
provision. If the construction for which he con-
tends, that " during the term for which he was
elected," means " during the term for which he
shall hold the office," be correct, what becomes
of the additional provision " and one year there-
after?" He may resign in a day, and having
resigned, roliove himself from a disability fixed
by the constitution of the State of Illinois. I sub-
mit, that it is not possible for the English lan-
guage to be made plainer than the constitution of
Illinois is, to describe that an individual elected
to a judicial office is thereby rendered ineligible
to any other office during the whole legal term
of his office, and for one year after the expira-
tion of that term, whether that term be live years
or ten years, and that he cannot, by resigning,
escape its effect.
My view of this question, and of our duties as !
Senators, is simply this: Wo are made by the
Constitution of the United States the judges of
the qualifications of our membprs, and when we
act upon a subject of that character, we act in
the capacity of judges. Entertaining that view, t
I desire to say 110 more than I would say sitting |
as a judge upon the bench, giving my views of
the law of a case; I desire to say only as much ,
as is necessary to make the judgment which I ;
shall render by my vote clearly and distinctly ,
understood. I think I have done this. To re-
capitulate for a moment, I think I have proved !
that the first clause of the Constitution of the '
United States which I read does not fix, and
does not assume to fix, all the qualifications or
disqualifications of a Senator of the United States;
I think I have proved this by reading other dis-
qualifications contained in the instrument itself,
and not named m that first clause. I think I j
have proved it by reading the power of the Senate |
to pass a judgment in cases of impeachment, i
which shall affix a disqualification, and a dis- J
qualification that never existed before. I think [
I have proved it from the acts of Congress which
have never been questioned, fixing by the judg-
ment of a judicial tribunal a disqualification to
hold the office. If I have succeeded thus far, I
have shown that (the Constitution of the United
States not assuming to fix all the.qualifications or
disqualifications) the rightdoes exist in the States
respectively to attach such as they deem proper.
It is not necessary, I apprehend, to say one
word in respect to the wisdom of the clause in
the constitution of Illinois, if we yield the ques-
tion of power. The purity of the judiciary of
the country is so indispensable to the preserva-
tion of our rights and the preservation of our
own personal safety, that the highest respect to
the action of the people of the States must be, and
I think will be, rendered by every Senator who
shall come to the consideration of this question.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, it was my
intention not to speak on this subject until near
the close of the debate; but friends have told me
that as I was the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary, it was expected that I should at
least state the views entertained by some portion
of the committee, before other members formed
a definite opinion on the subject. Other friends
have expressed some surprise at the opinions im-
puted to me on the question, because they seemed
to suppose that I was so far committed to the
State-rights school, in construing the Constitution
of the United States, that I was to be bound by
certain doctrines of mere import, which others
assume as resulting from the rights of the States.
My honorable friend from Ohio, my colleague
on the committee, [Mr. Puoii,] and the gentleman
who has just spoken, [Mr. Stuart,] I think,
have presented this subject in as strong a point
of view as it is capable of being presented in
opposition to the resolution of my friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden.] Perhaps it would
be as well for mo at once to meet the issue which
they have fairly made — yes, sir, ably made,
strongly made, and made in a manner calculated
to produce a suspension of opinion in the minds
of many men. When I say this, I am paying
them no ordinary compliment.
This subject was discussed in the Committee
on the Judiciary oil three different occasions, and
it was searchingly discussed. Several of the
members 011 that committee I may say, without
mentioning their names, changed their opinions
more than once. I retain the opinion which I
originally formed, and I will give it to the Senate.
Members of a State Legislature occupy a double
relation. They become, in some respects, con-
stituents of the Federal Government, so far as
their agency may be employed 111 electing Sena-
tors to the Congress of the United States under
the Federal Constitution. They occupy a differ-
ent relation altogether to their .own constituents,
the people who elected them. When they leave
their homes, under the primary election of the
people, they occupy and are invested with very
different authority from that which devolves upon
them after they go into the Legislature and take
the oath of office. Perhaps I may resort some-
what to my professional mode of solving this
question, by bringing up the pleadings on the
subject. I will state the parties thus: Mr. Ander-
son, from Washington county, we will suppose, is
elected a member of the Legislature of Illinois,
and he goes into the Legislature. The first thing
that is done towards an organization of the Illi-
nois Legislature is to swear Mr. Anderson into
office. What is his oath of office > It is substan-
tially this: " I solemnly swear that I will support
the constitution of Illinois and the Constitution
of the United States." Well, sir, having been
sworn into office, he has had duties devolved upon
him which were not devolved upon him before;
and he occupies the double relation of being the
representative of his own constituents, so far as
their homo interests arc concerned, and also of
being one of the agents contemplated by the Con-
stitution of the United States to make a Senator
of the United States.
ISow, let us suppose that a message is sent
from the House of Representatives to the Senate
of Illinois or from the Senate to the House of
Representatives, to go into the election of a Sen-
ator of the United States on the succeeding Mon-
day. Who are the candidates? Mr. Trumbull
is one. Mr. Anderson, representing Washington
county in the Legislature, is told, "Here is ail
inhibition in your constitution, which you have
sworn to support, against Mr. Trumbull being
eligible to an election to the Senate of the United
States." " Very well," replies Mr. Anderson;
"that looks like an inhibition which might control
me, but what are the functions which have been
devolved upon me by the position which I occupy
now in relation to that election?" He institutes
the inquiry, and he finds that he is not to look
alone to the constitution of Illinois for his in-
structions or for information as to his duty on
that subject, but is to take the Constitution of the
United States and is to look to that, and see how
far he is to be controlled by its paramount author-
ity in the duty which he is about to discharge.
Suppose, then, that he comes to the conclusion—
I confess it is the conclusion at which I have
arrived—that the Constitution of the United
States prescribes the qualifications of a Senator
of the United States—qualifications which can-
not be controlled or modified by the constitution
of a State. The gentleman whom I have repre-
sented is one of the parties on the record, and
the question is, is he correct m coming to this
conclusion? I maintain that he is.
Mr. President, this was originally contemplated
as a confederacy of republics. It lias, to be sure,
had the infusion of what is called democracy; but
it was intended to be a confederacy of republics;
and when the people of the United States, through
their organized republics—for each State is a
republic—undertook to be parties to this Federal
compact, they intended to be bound in honor by
the compact which they formed. When they, as
sovereign States, adopted the Constitution of the
United States, they delegated to that Constitution
exclusively the power to prescribe the qualifica-
tions of Senators. That is my opinion.
My friend from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] has
undertaken to say that this view is opposed by
two positions which he has taken. Now, sir, the
very views which he has taken are those which
fortify me. He says that the power of impeach-
ment is given to Congress; and that the Senate,
in pronouncing judgment in a case of impeach-
ment, may pronounce a judgment of disfranchise-
ment; and he read to us a provision of the Con-
stitution authorizing Congress to pass a law by
which a person thus disfranchised might be con-
victed in the ordinary courts of law. Mark, sir,
that power was given just as effectually as the
other. The States parted with it. The States said
to the General Government,l£ You shall have the
power to disfranchise any man impeached before
you, as far as the constitutional provisions on
that matter go;" and they gave Congress power
to pass a law on the subject. That law I should
maintain to this day.
The Senator from Michigan also read to us a
provision of the Constitution of the United States,
declaring that no person shall occupy a seat in
either House of Congress while he holds any
office under the United States. That power was
also conferred. Then, it seems to me that it is
begging the question to tell us that in the Consti-
tution of the United States there are other pro-
visions which regulate senatorial qualifications
besides the clause which has been so frequently
alluded to in this debate, and that, therefore,
there may be other qualifications than those pre-
scribed in this clause—namely, nine years' citizen-
ship, thirty years of age, and residence. I regard
the language of this clause of the Constitution as
a full and entire expression of constitutional will,
and as the concurrent will of parties to a deliber-
ate compact, and as coming within the law maxim
—expressio uiiivs, cxclusio alterius. Why, sir, if
there are other powers in the Constitution regu-
lating the subject, those powers were just as much
conferred by the States as the power for which
I am contending. They were given; and if they
were parted with in good faith, I say that any
man who was a representative in the Illinois
Legislature, bound under his oath to make an
election of Senator, was not dissolved from his
relations to the Federal Constitution by the Stato
which committed it to him; but the very State
which committed it to him, as a party under the
Federal compact, required him to discharge duties
! both to the Federal compact and to his own State.
' Then, sir, I say that the argument which is
relied on with so much confidence by the Senator
from Michigan, and which seems to have had
some influence with others, is the very argument
with which I started out—that the powers parted
with by the States were irrevocably parted with,
