1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Slavery—Mr. Bliss.
Ho. op Reps.
nature untust, and condemnable; because they cannot
oppose them by open force without violating the liberty of
eoine particular Mate," &c.
But it is ft confusion of ideas to say that men
have a right to do a thing because foreign nations
may not prevent it, and a legal absurdity to trace
title to property to such forbearance. True, there
was a time when slavery had something to do
with the law of nations; when the rules of inter-
course between States at war, permitted the
slaughter of captives—men, women, and children;
and when their enslavement was a forbearance.
We hence find Grotius exceedingly learned in
elucidating the inhuman customs of the ancients,
and correctly tracing the right—pardon the word
—to enslave captives to the rules of intercourse
between nations. Gentlemen admit that this law
has made some progress. The next step will be
to depart from neutrality; to place the slave trader
where he belongs—beside the common pirate.
Neither is the civil law the source of our slave
code. Slavery had produced in the Roman Em-
Sire its legitimate results. It had driven out in-
ustry, barbarized the people, exhausted the soil,
and cured itself by involving both master and
slave in a common subjection. The new systems
which, in the thick darkness, laid the foundations
of modern civilization, contained as much of
Christianity and freedom as the darkness could
comprehend. They certainly were purged of
chattel slavery, as its legal foundation had been
destroyed in the overthrow of the barbarous
maxim, that prisoners of war might be slain or
enslaved. Nor have 1 learned that any State 1
whose jurisprudence was founded upon the civil
law, gave laws to any of the English colonies.
But some suppose the colonists adopted the
Mohammedan slave code. The Spaniards, after
expelling the Moors, are said to have imitated,
to some extent, their practice of slaveholding;
and, judging from the similarity in the justifica-
tions of slavery by some of our religious teachers
and the Islam doctors, there is some speciousness
in the supposition. The spirit of the following
extract from the journal of a Mohammedan trav-
eler has doubtless commended the author to the
favorable consideration of those divines who have
ahown such zeal in canonizing oppression.
After detailing the horrors of the slave hunts
in Africa, the author adds:
" Only the very strong or the very fortunate reach as Or
as Egypt. I have seen Jellabo leave Wadai with a hun-
dred slaves and Jose them all by cold; and others have
been deprived of still greater numbers by heat and thirst;
whilst others again, out of a single flock, find not one want-
ing. All this depends on the will of the Most High.
" Our Holy law permits the sale and exportation of
slaves, but on the express condition that we should act
with the fear of God before our eyes; which sentiment,
indeed, should be the guide of all our actions. The reasons
by which slavery is justified aie these: God has com-
manded his prophet, the prophet of Islam, to announce the
divine law to men, to call them to believe in the true God,
and to employ the force of arms to constrain unbelievers to
embrace the true faith. According to the divine word itself,
war is the legitimate and holy means to bring men under
the yoke of religion; for, as soon as the infidels feel the
arms of [slam, and see their power humiliated, and their
families led away into slavery, they will desire to enter into
the right way, in order to preserve their persons and goods.
—Trartlt of Skiek Mohammed, an Jlrat merchant, pp.
297—8.
Islam servitude is entitled to the higher con-
sideration of those who believe that " God has
made of one blood all nations of men," as it is
not at all sectional or exclusive in its character.
All, whether European or African, can find shel-
ter in its fold from the sin and dangers of unbelief;
and when once in, it would be wrong of course to
endanger backsliding by emancipation.
But, for two considerations, I might suppose
that colonial slavery originated in Moslem law.
First: the only intercourse between the colonies,
and the Mohammedan States was through those
whom fortune threw into the hands of the corsair,
and, being themselves fugitives from slavery, we
do not learn that the few who escaped desired to
bring the laws with them. Second: while Moor-
ish and American slavery agree in general, they
differ in one important particular. By Moslem
law, a slave who bears issue to her master ceases to
be transferable, and the issue is free. (See Lyon's
Northern Africa, p. 289.) The striking contrast
between the two systems, in this respect, will
appear when we consider that no obstacle is j
thrown in the way of the advancement to any j
station of the offspring of the Turk or Saracen
and his slave; while in America, the father and
owner of bastard slave families is permitted to
send them to the auction block; ana though the
fact of the paternity is no disgrace, yet an ac-
knowledgment of its duties is considered a public
j indecency, and a fraud upon the slave system.
But there is a country Dlest with the " institu-
tion" from the remotest antiquity, and whose
slave laws must commend it to the affectionate
regard of all propagandists. In Western and
Central Africa, slaveholding is the true "corner
stone." Slaveholders are the only aristocracy; and
slaveholding ideas have so thoroughly taken pos-
session of the people as effectually to shut out all
antagonist "isms." The discordances of Aboli-
tionism, Free-Soilism, and Republicanism, are not
permitted to disturb the reign offree-loveism, bar-
barism, and terrorism. Soon after the settlement
of the earlier colonies, & trade was opened with
this country, principally to procure laborers; and
Hawkins ana his successors industriously fol-
lowed the methods of obtaining them long sanc-
tioned and sanctified by African law. These
methods were either purchase, or, when more
convenient, the slave hunt—for by settled law all
seized in the hunt were presumed to be slaves,
and it was found somewhat difficult to rebut that
presumption; and such was their success, that
soon the banks of the Jameses, the Ashleys, and
the Hudsons, were well stocked with captives
from the Guinea coasts. But the inquiry natu-
rally arises by what law were these men com-
pelled to labor after their importation? No statu-
tory slave code was adopted, and no customs
could have existed long enough to have the force
of law; and yet they were held under customs or
regulations similar to those which are now called
law. These customs, to have been legal, must
have been ancient or immemorial; and having no
antiquity at home they must have been natural-
ized from abroad. They could not have come
from the mother country, for none there existed;
and while she gave the coloniesthe common law,
she gave no other. They could not have been
derived from the civil law, for no political inter-
course was held between countries adopting it
and the colonies; and that part of the civil law
adopted in Europe was purged of those customs.
They could not nave sprung from Islamism from
want of voluntary intercourse, and from material
variance. Whence, then, I again inquire, came
those continuous and immemorial customs by
which these laborers were held in servitude?
There is only one answer. The customs which
enslaved them at home were, so to speak, im-
ported with the slave. The various peculiarities
of American slavery had existed from " time im-
memorial" m Africa, and thus were adopted in
the colonies. The absolute authority of the mas-
ter over the person of the slave, over all his ac-
Suisitions, over his marital and parental relations,
le presumptions in favor of slavery, and the
property maxim of partus sequiter vcntrem were all
lawful in Africa from immemorial usage, and in
the absence of legislation could only be made
lawful in America by the planter availing himself
of this African usage. 1
Chief Justice Marshall, in effect, confirms this
proposition, in remarks quoted by a Senator seek-
ing to trace slavery to the law of nations. After
showing that the enslavement of captives was
once lawful, he adds:
" Throughout Christendom this harsh rule had been ex-
ploded, and war was no longer considered as giving aright
to enslave captives. But this triumph had not been uni-
versal. The parties to the modern law of nations do not
propagate their principles by force; and Africa had not yet
adopted them. Throughout the whole extent of that im-
mense continent, so far as we know its history, it is still the
law of nations, that prisoners are slaves. The question
then was, could those who had renounced this law be per-
mitted to participate in its effects by purchasing the human
beings who are its victims —Wheaton't taw of Nation,
635.
The Justice decides that this African usage
was adopted by the European States so far as
to transfer slaves to the colonies and hold them
there.
Thus were domesticated the institutions of
Africa alongside of the common law, and they
have ever since divided our jurisprudence. I do
not propose to decide whether such custpms could
have been lawful, under the provisions of the
English charters. I leave that to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Granger,] ana to those
who shall combat his positions. I have no love
for them, and should not regret to see them de-
prived of legal sanction. It is enough for me to
know that these customs were adopted; and if
lawful at all, were so by the laws of the Guinea
chiefs, and not by civilized codes.
Such is the slave code—such its influence—and
such its origin. In founding the young institu-
tions for the Territories, we must establish it or
guard against it. There is no middle course, for
ours is the real responsibility, to whomsoever we
may seem to shuffle it. Is the code so attractive
! that a discrimination against it seems "improper"
J or " invidious?" .
But, as if perceiving the transparency of these
complaints, the slavery extensionists take refuge
in the Constitution, which, like the ancient
1 shrines, is the eager skulking place of those who
1 would shrink from duties or shield^crimes. They
i complain that slavery restriction is a violation of
I the true spirit, if not the letter, of that instrument.
First, we have the doctrine of the Nicholson letter,
, or "squatter sovereignty." Though Congress
may, in the organic act, provide at its discretion
for other things, it may not guard the only legit-
imate sovereignty, that of each man over himself;
but the first few hundred or dozen squatters arc
to found systems for the Territories that may
degrade or bless their future millions. This doc-
trine at the North assumed the specious name of
" popular sovereignty," and reconciled the people
in 1848 to the abandonment of the doctrine of the
fathers; and its seeming embodiment in the Ne-
braska bill was there the only justification for that
outrage. But it is now abandoned, and a few
ancient retainers only are left to do homage to the
famous Nichqjson letter. As the doctrine of ter-
ritorial sovereignty arose, so it has fallen, with
the fortunes of the distinguished Senator from
Michigan. Would to God its abandonment had
left us where we were, in the exercise of an un-
doubted sovereignty in founding such institutions
for the Territories as should .secure to their future
people the blessings of "popular sovereignty!"
But one heresy only prepares for a worse.
The new doctrine, as well as that of the Nich-
olson letter, is so utterly opposed to our uniform
practice, to the decisions of all the courts, State
and Federal, that I hardly suppose gentlemen
regard it as constitutional law as yet; but rather
as a political obligation arising from the Consti-
tution, which they claim should be recognized in
all our political action, upon which tney have
compelled the Administration to base its policy,
and which they soon expect to establish as law.
In a recent report the Senator from Illinois
repudiates the northern -construction of the lan-
guage of the Nebraska act, purporting to leave
the people of the Territory " perfectly free " to
admit or exclude slavery. He says that " the
sovereignty of a Territory remains in abeyance,
suspended in the United States, in trust for the
people until they shall be admitted into the Union
as a State;" and I suppose, if they never are so
admitted, this sovereignty is always "in abey-
ance," i. e. waiting for something to turn up;
"suspended," i. e. not to be used, but hung up,
perhaps for ornament; "in trust," but without a
use, forever "hid in a napkin,"and therefore no
trust at all.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Jones,] in a colloquy with the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Cox,] thus announces the views,
I suppose, of the Buchanan interest:
" 1 believe that Congress has the power to confer upon the
people of a Territory the right to legislate upon the subject
of slavery when they are forming their organic law prepar-
atory to its admission into the Union as a sovereign State;
but prior to that time, they have no right either to establish
or abolish slavery:" ******
" I have said already, that, in my opinion, the Constitu-
tion limits the power •# Congress to the extent of prohibit-
ing them either from establishing or abolishing slavery in
the Territories. Admitting that view to be correct, I sup-
pose it follows, as a matter of course, that the Constitution
of the United States confers , upon the people of the Terri-
tory no right to dispossess any man of his right to property,
whether it be slave of any other property. And, therefore,
the Legislative Council of a Territory, though they may pass
laws regulating the disposal and protection of property,
have no right so to administer those laws as either to estab-
lish or abolish the right to hold that property.
"Mr. Cox. * * * I understand the gentleman, how-
ever, to say, that by the Constitution of the United States,
