m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
vertible, that the power of the Legislature to elect
a Senator is granted by the Constitution of the
United States; and if so, it is very obvious that
the.power cannot be withdrawn, cannot be dimin-
ished, cannot be modified, by State authority.
What is the power ? It is the power of choosing
a Senator, provided the person chosen does not
fell within any of the disqualifications of the Con-
stitutiqn—not only those embraced in the same
clause which lias been referred to, but in any other
part of the Constitution.
Then how does the question stand ? The sit-
ting member has been chosen by the Legislature
©f Illinois, under the power granted to that Le-
gislature by the Constitution of the United States.
There is nothing in the Federal Constitution
which disqualifies him from receiving an election
from that Legislature. The Legislature of Illi-
nois did not derive the power to elect him from
the constitution of the State, but from the Con-
stitution of the United States; and when the fact
exists that there is a Legislature, the power to
choose a Senator follows of course. The power
was in the Legislature, and could not be taken
away by the people of the State. The grant is
made through the channel of the Constitution of
the United States. It is a grant by the people
of Illinois as much as by any of the thirteen
original States, When that power has been
granted, the question is, does it remain in the
people of the State of Illinois to withhold it, or
limit it, or restrict it; or is the grant to remain as
it stands in the instrument in which that grant
was made ? It is to my mind clear that, when
the people of Illinois adopted their State constitu-
tion , they had no power to take away from their
own Legislature the power conferred on that Le-
gislature bythe Constitution of the UnitedStates.
The fact existing, the power exists; and they
have exercised if by electing a Senator from
Illinois who is not within any of the prohibitions
or limitations of the Constitution. You have,
then, the fact, that there is a Legislature and that
the Legislature has chosen the Senator. If he is
chosen, the Constitution of the United States
says he is entitled to his seat.
I admit, sir, that this subject has been long
under the consideration of the Committee on the
Judiciary: it has been much discussed ; but it
seems to mo, after listening to all that has been
said on the one side and on the other, that the
whole subject comes back to the question which
I have stated. If the power is derived from the
constitution of the State, the claimant is not enti-
tled to his seat, because the State has not granted
to its Legislature, in its own constitution, the
power to elect him as a Senator. That is clear ;
but if you loolc beyond that constitution, and ex-
amine the Constitution of the United States,
(which confers on the Legislature of every State
—provided a Legislature in fact exists—the same
identical power in every one of the thirty-one
States to choose a Senator, and if that power has
been exercised in this case,) you find that by vir-
tue of its provisions he is in his scat independ-
ently of the constitution of the State of Illinois.
The constitution of Illinois is entirely immaterial,
except for one purpose only, that is, to create a
Legislature ; and when the Legislature is created,
the Constitution of the United States applies to
the fact of there being a Legislature, and confers
this'power. What is the power? It is to elect
any man who is not within the prohibitions of -
the Constitution of the United States. The re-
strictions are that he shall be an inhabitant of the ;
State ; that he shall have been nine years a citi- ,
zen of the United States ; that he shall be of the
age of thirty years. A man having these qual- j
ifications, who has been chosen by the Legislature 1
of Illinois, unless he falls within some other clause j
creating a disability, is necessarily, by the opera-
tion of the power conferied by the Constitution on !
the Legislature of Illinois, a Senator entitled to i
his seat. }
Sir, I have no control over the conclusions of
my own mind. I am not able to resist the con-
clusion which I have stated. The premises which
exist, and which are incontrovertible, bring my
mind inevitably to that conclusion. On the other
hand, if you admit that a State has power to
resume tins grant, or to modify it, or any part of
it, where are you? Suppose a State, by its con-
stitution , should undertake to disqualify any class
of citizens—I care not what class, whether it be
convicts in the State prison, or Catholics, or Pro-
testants, or any class whatever—the moment you
admit the power of disqualification it is without
any limit whatever. Under this construction, if
a popular doctrine should prevail, that Senators
should be chosen by the people, it would be com-
petent for a State Legislature to say, that no man
should be chosen a Senator by the Legislature,
unless he had first received the votes of the people,
and unless he had been nominated to the Legis-
lature by a majority of the people, and that votes
cast for any such candidate should be utterly void.
There is no stopping-point, sir. If the power of
disqualification exists in the States, it may be
exercised. If it is exercised for one purpose, it
may be for another. If you can qualify this grant
of power in the constitution, you can go to the
extent of taking it away almost entirely; but if
you take it away entirely, the State goes out of
the Union.
Sir, I do not, upon a full examination of the
subject, entertain any doubt that I have given
the true construction to the authority granted to
the Legislature of Illinois, by the Constitution
of the United States. As to the exercise of the
power in this case, I have nothing to say. The
State is sovereign. The Legislature has a right
under the Constitution to exorcise this power.
They exercise it according to the discretion of a
sovereign State. It is not for us to question it.
I do not intend to go into the consideration of
the other questions which have been raised. I
do not think there is much foundation for the
objection which has been made in the course of
this debate, that the constitution of Illinois, pro-
vided it be valid, does not apply to this case.
I think it does. I think the language of the con-
.stitution is perfectly clear; and were it not that it
necessarily comes m conflict with the Constitu-
tion of the United States, the Senator from Illi-
nois would be within the inhibition, for the clause
in the constitution is "the term for which they are
elected,"not the term for which they shall serve,
and " one year thereafter." But, sir,I think the
provision of the Illinois constitution is necessa-
rily in collision with the Constitution of the
United States, because the grant of power by the
Constitution of the United States is plenary. It
is an integral power; and an attempt to limit or
restrict it necessarily comes in conflict with it.
That being the case, I think that to this extent
the authority attempted to be exercised by the
people of Illinois, in framing their constitution
in this particular, was not well exercised, and has
no foundation.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I have a few
words to say on this subject, but Senators around
me suggest that we should adjourn. It is entirely
immaterial to me whether I go on now or not.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to interrupt him for a moment? I wish
to know whether this subject is to be disposed
of by a continuous debate? I am perfectly willing
to agree to that. I intended to deliver some views
to-morrow on the Kansas message, but I do not
wish to interpose to the obstruction of debate on
this subject. I simply wish to know, as far as I
can ascertain, what is the general wish on that
point.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator may
occupy to-morrow with the remarks he intends
to offer 011 the Kansas message, or we will pro-
ceed with this subject, as he may prefer.
Mr. BUTLER. Just as you please.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the Senate
bf the United States has not only power, but ex-
clusive power, to determine upon the qualifications
of its members. The Hon. Lyman Trumbull,
of Illinois, presents himself in the Senate with
credentials, and claims a seat as a member of this
body. We are sitting judicially to ascertain
whether those ciedentials show that he has been
duly elected a member of this body, and, if the
credentials are sufficient, whether there is, outside
of them, anyfact which disqualifies him for being
a member of the Senate.
The credentials are in due form. They set
forth the fact that Mr. Trumbull was chosen by
the Legislature of the State of Illinois to bo a
Senator of the United States. Who shall choose
Senators in Congress? The Legislatures of the
States—nobody else—nobody united with them—
nobody coming after them—nobody going be-
fore them—nobody interfering with them. The
Legislature of the State of Illinois alone have the
power to choose a Senator from that State. That
power is unlimited, unbounded, unconfined, ex-
cept by certain provisions of the Constitution of
the United States, which declare that they shall
not choose a man who is not thirty years old,
who has not been a citizen of the United States for
nine years, and who is not an inhabitant of the
State. That is all. It does not appear that Mr.
Trumbull is less than thirty years old; it is
not alleged that he Jias not been nine years a cit-
izen of the United States; it is not claimed that
he is not an inhabitant of the State of Illinois.
What, then, is alleged against him? It is al-
leged that once in his lifetime he has been a judge
of the State of Illinois. What has that to do
with the question ? The Legislature of the State of
Illinois, having absolute discretion, had a right to
say that the judges of Illinois were unfit to be Sen-
ators ; and if they had thought so in this case, they
would not have sent a judge here, or one who
had ever been a judge. But that is all the Legis-
lature had the power to do. They must elect
somebody, and if they want to exclude a judge;
they must decide that against him in the act
of election, and not otherwise. Everyone will
see that if the Legislature of Illinois, instead of
electing a Senator, had passed a law that a man
who was a judge should not be a Senator, tho
law would be invalid, because that would be no
way of performing the duties assigned to them;
for the Constitution of the United States em-
powers them to do nothing in that respcct but
choose the Senator. Whatever considerations of
policy, of or duty, or of justice, or of morality,
or of wisdom, may operate upon them, are to
have their effect when they come to the act of
electing a Senator—not before—not afterwards.
It would be preposterous to say that, after they
have elected to be a Senator in Congress a gen-
tleman who had been a judge, they would have
power, by law, to say that, notwithstanding his
election, ho should not be a Senator, because
they had found out that he had once been ajudge.
It is equally absurd, it seems to me, to say that
they have the power, independent of any par-
ticular election, when there is no election to be
held, to pass a law that no person who was a
judge shall be elected a Senator by the Legisla-
ture. They have power to speak and act only as
electors in the transaction of choosing a Senator.
Certainly this is all the power the Legislature has.
Rut, sir, the Legislature of Illinois have not
raised this objection. They have not disqualified
the Senator; but still the charge is made that he
is disqualified by the act of another body. What
body is that? It is a convention of the people of
the State of Illinois, which was held m 1847.
That particular body nine years ago passed a law,
or made an ordinance, declaring that the Legisla-
ture should not elect a man who was a judge, or
who had been a judge within a certain period.
What body was that? It was a political body,
a State body, a local body, a hody unknown to
the Constitution of the United States, a body
never heard of in the Constitution of the United
States, and unknown in the organization of the
Government of the United States. Where did
they get their power to pass this edict and fix
the qualifications of a Senator in Congress ?
There is only one place where they could get
it, and that is in the Constitution of the United
States. That Constitution, however, has not said
that conventions, held by people in the States,
shall elect Senators in Congress. It has not said
that they shall control, or direct, or authorize, or
interfere in any way with the Legislature. On
the contrary, the Constitution of the United States
raises the Legislature of the State of Illinois, for
this particular purpose, out of the sovereignty of
the State of Illinois, above the sovereignty of the
people themselves—separates it, makes it an en-
tirely independent body for this special purpose,
and secures the action of the Legislature free
from the control of the people of the State, and
of course beyond the control of any convention
or assembly of the people of the State.
Thispolitical body—the convention—is not only
not recognized by the Constitution of the United
States, from whence all power for the election of
a Senator in Congress proceeds, but the Legisla-
ture, and the Legislature alone, under the Consti-
tution, are invested, not merely with the power
to choose, but with the exclusive power of
