568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
the Navy, for this reason: The Secretary has
reported to Congress that he has executed the
law; and now, if we were to pass a resolution and
use either the word "alleged" or "pretended,"
in reference to its execution, it might be consid-
ered as an imputation on the Secretary of the
Navy. I do not see that it would commit the
Senate to the action of the board to omit both
words.
Mr. HOUSTON. My fear is that, unless the
word "pretended" be employed, the resolution
may be considered as implying an admission that
the law has been executed by the action of the
board. That is a question which I do not intend
to yield. It seems to me that the resolution, if
amended as I propose, can cast no reflection on
the Secretary of the Navy. It surely was not so
intended. I have disclaimed any such purpose.
I have stated that I have no unkind feelings
toward the Secretary of the Navy; and it seems
to me that this disclaimer in the Senate would
relieve the resolution from any such construction.
Some gentlemen contend that the action of the
naval board was void, because it was not in ac-
cordance with the law; and that, therefore, by
repealing the law, we should place the officers
retired or dropped by the board in statu quo. If
in this resolution we were to use the language,
"execution of the law," it might be construed to
admit that the law had been executed. To avoid
any such conclusion, I propose to insert the word
"alleged" before "execution." It seems to me
that it implies 110 reflection on the head of the
Navy Department. I did not intend anything of
the kind; nor do I see how the resolution can be
so understood.
Mr. REtD. When this resolution was passed
this morning, the phraseology of it was not un-
derstood. My impression is, that the word "pre-
tended" was interlined in the resolution, and was
overlooked by the Secretary in reading it, and
therefore the attention of the Senate was not then
drawn to it. I feel satisfied that the Senator from
Texas does not intend to cast any reflection 011
the Secretary of the Navy; but I still entertain
the opinion that the phraseology is useless, be-
cause by implication it may be understood to
have a meaning which the Senator himself disa-
vows. I think the resolution would be in a better
form by omitting both words, " pretended" and
"alleged." I, however, do not care about it,
because the matter will be coireetly understood
with the explanation which the Senator from
Texas has given.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the change proposed by the Senator from Texas
will be made 111 the resolution. The Chair hears
no objection; the alteration will therefore be
made.
EXECUTIVE SUSSION.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.'
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 4, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed a joint resolu-
tion and bill of the following titles, and asking
its concurrence therein:
A resolution for the relief of the Southwestern
and Muscogee Railroad Companies; and
An act to authorize the construction of ten
sloops of war.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of the motion to
recommit the deficiency bill to the Committee of
Ways and Means, upon which the previous ques-
tion had been demanded.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I modify my
motion, so that the motion will be to recommit
the bill to the Committee, of the Whole 011 the
state of the Union; and on that motion I call for
the previous question. Before the question is put,
I ask that a communication from the Clerk of the
House in reference to the contingent fund be
taken up and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
There was no objection; and the communica-
tion was taken up and referred accordingly.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OP UTAH.
Mr. BERNHISEL, by unanimous consent,
presented the following resolution; which was
adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing for a
geological survey of the Territory of Utah; and that said
committee report by bill or otherwise.
RETURN OF PAPERS FROM COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the clerk of the Court of Claims be re-
quested to deliver to the Clerk of this House the petition
and papers of Robeit H. Stevens, an invalid of the wai of
1839 ; and that when so delivered they shall be referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. PHELPS. I suggest an amendment—that
all applications for invalid pensions which may-
have been referred to the Court of Claims be
withdrawn from that court, and referred here to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions. I ask the
gentleman to so modify his resolution. Let us
do this business all at once, and not have a sepa-
rate resolution for every particular case.
Mr. HAVEN. The gentleman's suggestion
is a good one, and I think had better be adopted.
Mr. R.EADY. Perhaps the gentleman had
better make his amendment a little more compre-
hensive. There are agood many cases which do
not fall strictly under the denomination of invalid
pensions.
Mr. PHELPS. Say, 4 6 applications for pen-
sions, invalid or otherwise, shall be withdrawn
from the Court of Claims, and refened here to
their appropriate committees."
Mr. READY. That will do.
Mr. EDWARDS. I accept the modification.
The resolution, as modified, was then adopted.
SLOOPS OF WAR.
Mr. HAVEN. I ask the House to allow the
bill, which has just come into the House from
the Senate, with reference to sloops of war, to
be taken up and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. It will eventually go there, and
I desire that it shall be sent to them now.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the table, road a first and second time by its
title, as follows: "An act to authorize the con-
struction of ten sloops of war," and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
NOTICES OF BILLS, PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BROOM gave notice of his intention, at
some future day, to ask leave to introduce a bill
to provide for the settlement of the claims of the
officers of the revolutionary army, and of the
widows and orphan children of those who died
in the service.
Mr. DENVER presented the petition of G.
W. Torrcnee, for relief for injuries received
while serving in the war with Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ENGRAVING OP MAPS.
Mr. KELSEY asked leave to introduce the
following resolution; which was read for inform-
ation:
Resolved, That the maps and dtawmgs annexed to the
documents accompanying the President's message be
engiaved 01 lithogiaplied, and that the usual number of
copies be printed under the direction of the Committee on
Engraving.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I object.
Mr. KELSEY. If the gentleman will hear
one word in explanation of the resolution, I pre-
sume he will withdraw his objection. The reason
why I have offered it is, that, by the 148th rule of
the House, a general order to print does not in-
clude maps. There arc maps of the public lands
accompanying several of those documents which
it is very desirable should be printed; and,unless
this order be made, they cannot be printed, and
by-and-by there will be a great inquiry for them.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I object.
FOREIGN PAUPERS, CRIMINALS, ETC.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill, of which previous notice
had been given, to prevent the introduction into
the United States of foreign criminals, paupers,
lunatics, idiots, insane, and blind persons; which
was read, a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
CUSTOM-HOUSE, ETC., AT CHICAGO.
Mr. WOODWORTH, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Postmaster General be, and they are hereby, diiected to
report to the House whether the building to be erected at
Chicago for a custom-house, post office, and court rooms,
and tor other offices, is ot sufficient size to answer the sev-
eral puiposes for which it is intended; and if, in their opin-
ion, it is not, that they further report whether any and
what addition can be made thereto, so as to answer the said
purposes; and the additional cost thereof.
PERSONAL LIBERTY BILL.
Mr. SHORTER. It will be remembered by
the House that, while the contest for the speaker-
ship was pending, I gave notice of my intention,
after an organization should have been effected,
to introduce a resolution in reference to the per-
sonal liberty bill, passed by the Massachusetts
Legislature last year; and by which that State
had nullified the fugitive slave act of 1850. I now
rise for that purpose, and ask leave to introduce
the following resolutions:
Whereas the State of Massacnusetts, in the passage by
her Legislature, on the 21bt day of May, A. D. 1855, of an
act entitled " An act to protcct the rights and libei ties of the
people of Massachusetts," indorsed and sanctioned aj it id
by a subsequent popular election, has virtually nullified the
lugitivc slave act, passed by Congress in A. JD. 1850, and ig-
nored the Federal Constitution, and repudiated her duties
under it towaid hor sister southern States ; and whereas
we do not believe that the Federal Government has the con-
stitutional power to coerce a sovereign State by the excicise
of physical forcc : Theiefore,
Beit icsolued by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmenca in Congress assembled, That,
while Massachusetts maintains her present attitude towards
the Federal Government and the southern States, she ought
not to be heard or recognized thiough her representation
in eithei branch of Congress.
Resohed, further, That the Representatives and Senators
from Massachusetts, being thu«5, through the deliberate act
of their own State, deprived of all right to a seat m either
branch ot Congress, they and each one of them, until the
said personal liberty bill is repealed, are hereby excluded
from the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I insist upon
the regular order of business.
Mr. SHORTER. I hope I may be permitted
to introduce the resolutions.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made by the
gentleman from Ohio, who calls for the regular
order of business. The first business in order is
House bill (No. 68) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1856; and the pending
question is the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, that the bill be recommitted to the Commit-
tee of the "Whole on the state of the Union, and
upon that motion the previous question is de-
manded.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood the gentleman
from Ohio, yesterday, to express his willingness
to allow a vote to be taken in the House upon the
clause in relation to the salary of the Governor
of New Mexico, and upon the proviso which I
offered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I propose to put the bill
upon its passage this morning.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was going to ask the gen-
ilernnn to allow me to offer the proviso, so that
the House can vote upon it?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
make an inquiry of the Chair. The gentleman
from Ohio moves to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and demands the previous question upon the
motion. I wish to know what will be the effect
of seconding the previous question ? Will the bill
then have to be voted upon without any amend-
ment being allowed?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question is
seconded, the House will be brought to a vote
first upon the motion to recommit, and then, if
that motion fails, upon the bill itself, orupon the
pending amendments, if there are any.
Mr. WASHBURNE. As, then, the demand
for the previous question, if seconded, cuts off ail
opportunity to offer amendments, I hope the pre-
vious question will not be sustained.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
