THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
A bill for the relief of William Jones;
, A bill for the relief of Charles Boomer;
A,for the relief of Wm. B. Cozzins; and
A bill for ,the relief 91 Henry. L. Robinson.
On motion of Mr. GILBERT, it was ,
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
from tlfe further consideration Of the petition of Catharine
R. Russell, and that the same he referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to have the
committees regularly called,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from "Vir-
ginia calls the regular order of business. The
business first in order, under the rules of the
House, at the commencement of each day's ses-
sion, is the call upon the standing committeesf or
reports, with exception of the day set apart for
the call upon States for resolutions. The 29th
rule -requires that Friday and Saturday of each
•week " shall be set apart for the consideration of
private bills and private business." The Chair
is of opinion that the regular order of business
<>11 every Friday and Saturday should be—first,
to call upon the standing and selcct committees
of the House for reports, excluding all reports
and bills that are of a public character, or that
relate to subjects of general legislation, and all
business except that described by the rule referred
to; and second, after one hour his been devoted
to reports of private bills, a motion should be held
in order to go to the Speaker's table, for the pur-
pose of disposing of such bills or reports as are
exclusively of a private character. This pro-
ceeding will be simply to apply the general rules
of the House to the consideration and disposition
of " private bills and private business "for which
Friday and Saturday of each week is set apart.
No rule of the House will be found to conflict
with this order of business, unless it be the 30tli,
and this, upon examination, will be found, the
Chair is of opinion, to refer exclusively to the
order of business in Committee of the Whole,
and not to that of the House. With the leave of
the House, therefore, although it is not in ac-
cordance with the usual practice, the Chair will
adopt this as the regular order of business on
those (lays which are familiarly called private
bill days.
There being no objection, the Chair proceeded
to call the committees for reports.
On motion of Mr. KNOWLTON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the tUrther consideration of the petition of Elizabeth
Hiker, and that the same be referred to the Committee 011
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. KNOWLTON, jrom the Committee of
Claims, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House pay out of the
contingent fund to William Cooper the .sum of .$40:) 111 full
compensation lor hid services as laborer at the Capitol
during the Thirty-First and Thirty-Second Congresses.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it is right that
that claim should be paid, it ought to be presented
in the form of a bill, and reported as such.
Mr. KNOWLTON. The amount is trifling.
Mr. JONES. If it is to be paid out of the
contingent fund, the Committee on Accounts
could allow it.
Mr. KNOWLTON. The amount is small,
and the committee were unanimously of opinion
that the petitioner is entitled to the amount we
have reported in the resolution.
Mr. JONES. It would have been a better
mode to have given it the form of a law, so as to
have it passed by both Houses, and making an
appropriation. The amount is small, it is true,
butit involves a principle; and other resolutions
of a similar character may be brought in, bas^d
xipon this as a precedent, and involving large
amounts. There are a great many men who get
into this House, who have a sacred reverence for
Mr. KNOWLTON. It is to pay a House ,
expenditure, and has nothing to do with the Sen-
ate. The committee is satisfied that the claim is
well founded.
Mr. JONES. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Maine
will allow me to make a suggestion in regard to
this matter. 1 suggest to him that the resolution
be recommitted, with instructions to thecommittee
to report a bill. I will give him my reasons: We
have had a controversy running; through the space
of months over an appropriation for the Army,
because the appropriations of one year were run
into another. Now, here is an appropriation
asked for to cover expenses of the Thirty-First
and Thirty-Second Congresses, which is really a
deficiency, and it is proposed to place that upon
the contingent fund of the present Congress. I
suggest whether it would not be better to report
it in the shape of a bill, and let the bill be con-
sidered , and thus make it payable out of the Treas-
ury, instead of making it chargeable upon the
contingent fund of the House.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I have only to say that
I have been unanimously instructed by the com-
mittee to report this resolution. It seems rather
hard that this poor laborer, who has been kept out
of his pay for years, should be put off still fur-
ther by recommitting this resolution to our com-
mittee.
Mr. LETCHER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Maine that he allow this bill to be
referred now, and that he prepare a bill as a sub-
stitute'to be offered when it comes up in commit-
tC<Mr. KNOWLTON. I have no objection to
that understanding.
•The resolution was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. DAVIDSON, by unanimous
consent, the bill of the Senate fixing the gradua-
tion periods for lands in the Greensburg district
in the State of Louisiana, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. KNOWLTON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported the following bills; which were
severally read a first and second time, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed:
A bill for the relief of P^andall Pegg; and
A bill directing the settlement of the accounts
of Daniel Gordon.
Mr. MILLSON, from the Committeeon Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of John Nash;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, made an adverse report upon the petition
of the Illinois Central Railroad Company; which
was laid 011 the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THORINGTON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, Senate bill to au-
thorize the entry of certain lands in the State of
Iowa by Mrs. Caroline Newington; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, from the Committee
011 Public Lands, reported back House bill for
the relief of Robert Mitchell; which was referred
to the Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the petition in the case, ordered to be printed.
Mr. GOODE asked leave to report a general
bill from the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia, for the purpose of reference to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. RITCHIE objected.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, made an adverse report on the
memorial of Henry Addison and others, a com-
mittee appointed by the Corporation of George-
town to represent the interests of that city before
Congress; which was laidonthe table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HAVEN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to take certain papers from
the files of the House. The chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary requested that I
would ask for the withdrawal of these papers.
There was 110 objection.
Then, on motion of Mr. HAVEN, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of tiie papers in the easei of
John Fadden, and of Nathaniel Faddeii, ot Amablc lioi-
leau, and of Ezra T. Mai nay. administrator and one of the
j heirs of Captain Lewis Mauiay, m order that they may he
referred to the Court of Claims.
I Mr. GALLOWAY, from the Committee on
1 the Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of J. H.
| F. Thornton, Lawrence Taliaferro, and Henry
T. Taliaferro, sureties of D. M. F. Thornton,
I late a purser in the Navy of the United States;
whicl* was read twice, referred to aCommittee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported a bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of Joseph
Nourse,deceased; which was read twice, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. RITCHIE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of the legal representatives ofWadleigh Noyes;
which was read twice, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. R. also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the memorial of Alexander
R. Boteler, one of the heirs and legal representa-
tives of Robert Stockton, an assistant quarter-
master in the revolutionary army, praying for
the passage of an act for the settlement of his ac-
counts; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to bo printed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill to allow
the legal representatives of Samuel Jones, of the
eleventh Virginia regiment on Continental estab-
lishment, five years' full pay as captain of infan-
try, in lieu of half pay for life; which was read
twice, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Gustavus B. Horner, deceased, which was read
turice, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ALLEN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs of Sarah
Ann Dye, which was read twice, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. A. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the following cases; which
were laid 011 the table, and ordered to be printed:
The petition of the heirs of Captain David
Van Ness;
The petition of the heirs of Captain George
Jackson; and
The petition of Hannah Bouton, heir of Cap-
tain D. Mills, for seven years' half pay.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported bills of the fol-
lowing titles; which were severally r^ad twice,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying reports, ordered to
be printed:
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal
representatives ofMrs. Magdalene Broutin,widow
of de la Ronde;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Ignacio Delino;
A bill to confirm the title of Ruhama Whittaker
and Rebecca Whittaker to certain lands m the
State of Louisiana; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Bernard Hemken, deceased.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
back Senate bills of the following titles; which
were severally referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
ports, ordered to be printed:
An act for the relief of Richard Albritton;
An act to confirm the title of Henry Volcker
to a certain tract of land in the Territory of New
Mexico;
An act for the relief of Cezairc Wallace, of the
parish of Bossier, and State of Louisiana;
An act for the relief of Randall D. Livingston;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Morrison and Charles'Ginn;
An act for the relief of Cephise Pisceros, widow
of Louis Labranch, of the parish of St. Charles,
and State of Louisiana;
An act for the relief of Joseph Smith;
An act to confirm Joseph Wanderstand in his
title to certain land; and
An act to appoint commissioners to ascertain
facts relative to certain private land claims in the
State of Michigan.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
the following bills; which were severally read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee
