1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1295
of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing reports, ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Andrew A. H. Knox
and Joseph 0. Campbell, or their heirs and legal
representatives;
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Louis Reggio; and
An act to extend the rights granted by the act
approved 7th January, 1853, entitled an "Act
authorizing certain soldiers of the late war with
Great Britain to surrender the bounty lands drawn
by them, and to lo«ate others in lieu thereof.
Mr. THORINGTON, from the same commit-
tee, reported the following bills; which were
severally read a first and second time, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying reports, ordered to be printed:
A bill to confirm to certain persons therein
named their title to certain lands in Prairie du
Chien;
A bill for the relief of Talbot C. Dousman; and
A bill for the relief of Benjamin La Ponte, Wil-
liam Allenburgh, and others.
Mr. SORTER, from the same committee, re-
ported the following bill; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed:
A bill for the, relief of Napoleon B. Gill, of
Perry county, Missouri, and for other purposes.
On motion of Mr. PORTER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee oil Private Land Claims
be discharged from the further consideration of the petition
vf Cieele Conepare, praying for permission to sell her Kan-
sas half-breed lands, and that the same be referred to the
Committee oil Military Allans.
On motion of Mr. PORTER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be discharged from the fuither consideration of the petition
of Louis and Basil Vasseurs, and that the same be referred
to the Committee on Indian Afiaiis.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in the following cases; which
were laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed:
On the petition of Thomas L. Disheroon, of
St. Louis, Missouri, praying that certain land
■warrants may be issued to him; and
On the memorial of Elizabeth Rogers, of St.
Louis, Missouri.
Mr. TODD, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Bridget
Maher; which was read a first and second-time,
refeired to a Committee of the Wliole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PRINGLE, from the same committee, re-
ported,with a recommendation thatitdonot pass,
a bill (S. No. 195) for the relief of William B.
Trotter; which was laid upon the table, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAPP, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made an adverse report in the case of
"William Elain and others, citizens of the State of
Maryland; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. SAPP, from the same committee, reported
back the bill of the House granting one hundred
and sixty acres of land to Richard Smith, of Co-
shocton county, Ohio, for his services against
the Reckaree Indians; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, the following Senate bills; which received
the same order and reference:
An act for the relief of Norwood McClellan,
master of the steamboat New World;
An act for the relief of Mrs. M. E. McKnight,
widow of Francis M. McKnight;
An act for the relief of James Harrington;
An act for the relief of Dempsey Pitman; and
An act for the relief of Captain Langdon C.
Easton, assistant quartermaster in the United
States Army.
Mr. KENNETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to put that bill on its passage;
and if the House will indulge mo I will state my
reason for making the request. This officer has
received an intimation from the Auditor that he
will be stricken from the rolls of the Army unless
he can settle his accounts with the Government.
This bill has passed the Senate three different
times, but lias failed to receive the action of the
House, and he is now told at the Department
that they will not wait on him longer.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say that 1 con-
sider this a just claim, and one that ought,to he
The bill was read through. It directs that, in
the settlement of the accounts of Captain Lang-
don C. Easton, he shall be credited with the sum
of $17,650,he having been defrauded of that sum
by his clerk while stationed at Santa Fe, New
Mexico.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SAPP moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAPP, from the same committee, reported
the following bill; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William Austin, deceased.
Mr. S. also reported back the bill of the House
for the relief of J. W. Todd, lieutenant of ord-
nance in the United States Army; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin, from the
same committee, reported a bill for the relief of
George Schellinger; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DENVER, from the same committee, re-
ported back a bill of the Senate to authorize the
settlement of the accounts of the Bank of the
State of Missouri for moneys advanced for the
subsistence and transportation of volunteers;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DENVER, from the same committee,
made adverse reports in the cases of John Reamer,
of Miami county, Indiana, and of S. L. Fremont,,
late captain in the United States Army; which
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. D., from the same committee, also reported
a bill for the relief of George W. Torrence;
I which was read a first and second time, referred
i to a Committee of the Whole House, and or-
! dered to be printed.
Mr. ALLISON, from the same committee, re-
ported back a bill of the Senate for the relief
of Amos B. Eaton, commissary of the United
States Army: which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. A. also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the memorial of George
Lake; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BENSON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, Senate bill for the relief of Sam-
uel Forest; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompa-
nying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass, Senate bill for the relief of
Mrs. Agatha O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J.
P. J. O'Brien, of the United States Army; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, the Committee
on Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of the heirs
of Caspar Rouse, and the same was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BUFF1NTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill to reimburse the 1
State of Vermont the expenses incurred by her j
in paying her militia called out in 1838-'39 to ,
preserve the neutrality of the country; which was |
read twice, referred to the Committee of the !
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to j
be printed. _ j
Mr. BENSON, from the Committee on Naval j
Affairs, made an adverse report on the petition j
of citizens of Baltimore for a navy-yard at that j
place; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed. _ :
On motion of Mr. BENSON, the Committee j
on Naval Affairs was discharged from the further j
consideration of the memorial of Thomas How- !
ard; and the same was referred to the Committee t
on Invalid Pensions. 1
On motion of Mr. STRANAHAN, it was
Ordered, That the ^Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged fiom the further consideration of the memorial of
citizens of Baltimore for'a marine hospital at that places '
arid that the same be referred to the Conimiuee on Com-
merce. ' -
On motion of Mr. STRANAHAN, it was • '
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the petition and papers of Sarah
Hildreth, with a view to their presentation to the Commis-
sioner of Pensions.
Mr. PENNINGTON, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, made an adverse report on Sen-
ate bill directing payment to George P. Marsh for
judicial service rendered by him under the act of
11th of August, 1848, whilst Minister Resident
of the United States to the Ottoman Porte; and
moved that it be laid on the table, and orSered to
be printed.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the bill be referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. PENNINGTON, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of William
Hunter, chicf clerk of the Department of State.
The bill was read a first and second time by ita
title.
Mr. PENNINGTON. 1 move the reference of
the bill to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
for the reason that it may be considered by that
committee with the amendments of the Senate to
the consular and diplomatic appropriation bill,
which are now before them. There are other
bills of the same character which I will report as
soon as this is disposed of, and move the same
reference, with a view to their being embodied in
an amendment to the appropriation bill to which
I have referred.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from New
Jersey cannot accomplish his purpose in the way
he indicates. If the expenses he desires provided
for are authorized by existing law, they can "be
paid out of the regular appropriations. If they
are not, the Committee of Ways and Means
liave no power to report otherwise than by private
bills.
Mr. PENNINGTON. All I wish is,;that these
bills may be before the Committee of Ways and
Means, when it takes up for consideration the
amendments of the Senate to the consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to lay the bill on the
tabic.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I withdraw my motion
to refer the bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and move that it be referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed. - ■.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw my motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. Pennington's motion was agreed to.'
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, reported
the following bills; which were severally read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
reports, ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Peter Parker, late secre-
tary of legation at Canton, China; and,
A bill for the relief of Stephen H. Weems, late
consul to Guatemala.
Mr. BURLINGAME, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported thefollowing bills; which
were severally read a first and scco.nd time, re-
ferred to a Committee Of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying reports, ordered to be
printed:
A bill for the relief of George W. Lippett; and
A bill for the relief of Charles L. Denman.
Mr. PENNINGTON. There is a bill (S.
No. 143) upon the Speaker's table, for the relief
of George P. Marsh, which I desire to have taken
up and referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs.
Mr. WELLS. I move that all the bills upon the
table be taken up and referred.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey if this bill relates tB
the same subject-matter as that upon which his
committee made an adverse report ?
Mr. PENNINGTON. Upon an entire!? dif-
ferent matter.
The bill was, by unanimous consent, taken from
the Speaker's table, read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
