1856.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
34th Cong. ...1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
The dangerous ri>ht, therefore, of invesuga-
tion as to the moral character of the officer, by I
mere opinion, was excluded from the bill of 1853.
That bill also passed the Senate with certain
amendments, but was never considered in the
House.
We next come to the bill of 1854, reported, I
believe, by the present chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Mallory.} That bill
was reported on the 17th of May, 1S54. It con-
stituted no board of officers. It provides that—
•• The Secretary of the Nary shall cause each captain,
command?*, lieutenant, medical officer, and purser, to re-
port, uuder such regulations as he may prescribe, the
officers ot" their respective grades who nr.; qualified to per-
form efficiently all their duties ashore and afloat: and from
hi* scrutiny ot' such reports as may be tiled in the Depart-
ment within six months after notice issued to said officers,
the Secretary, with the approval of the President, shall
retire, or permanently furlough, or drop, t>om the service,
all officers who, m his judgment, are not so ifiaHfied."
The bill was discussed and debated in the
Senate, and passed that body, but failed or re-
mained unacted upon in the House. I shall ad-
vert hereafter to the clear distinction in principle
and wide difference in liability to error, in action
under it, between a bill which provides for the |
retiring or dropping: of an officer ascertained on i
the opinion of the a^ re£rate of his profession, or j
his erade—a majority of them—and a bill con- !
fidin? the same power to a selected few of partic-
ular grades.
I come now to the act of 1855, and the circum-
stances attending its passage. The Secretary of
nhe Navy has fallen into a singular error in the
view which he takes of the circumstances attend-
ing the passage of this law; and according to my
recollection, the same error has not been escaped
in debate bv some members of the Senate. The
error to which I refer will be found in the report
of the Secretary to Congress at the commence-
ment of the present session, on page 10, of the ,
third part of the President's message and docu-
ments :
li The feature providing for dropping entirely from the ser-
vice, was not in the original bill, but was inserted in the
llouae by an overwhelming majority, and, after elaborate
and thorough debate in the Senate, was passed almost
unanimously.''
That is the allegation. Now, with great def- [
ere nee to the honorable Secretary—for whom I !
entertain a high respect, and whom I have not j
the remotest intention, in any of my remarks,to
censure, though I differ from him widely in opin-
ion as to the proper construction of «ome clauses
of this law—l must be permitted to say that he
has committed a mistake in facts here. There
was no elaborate and thorough debate in the Sen-
ate in reference to this provision; the clause pro-
viding for dropping did not pass by anything like
an almost unanimous vote in the senate. |
In that debate I took some part. I shall have !
occasion perhaps—certainly not with any view to
exhibit my oyn prescience—to refer to a portion
' of the remarks which I made at that time against
the dropping clause inserted by the House, the
evil and injustice of which, to my mind, were so
apparent as to cause me, I freely admit, to over-
look what I now consider to be defects in the
structure of the original bill as it passed the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, on the 29th of January,
1955. It passed on the 2d of February, without
debate, on the mere statement of its contents by
the honorable member of the committee who
reported it, [Mr. Mallory.] I have the bill
before me. On the l"th of February, the amend-
ments of the House to this bill were reported by
the .Naval Committee, and the consideration of
them commenced and ended on the 26th of Feb-
ruary. As I have mentioned, when the original
bill was read, and its contents stated—fairly and
truly stated, I admit—by the honorable Senator
from Florida, [Mr. Mallory,] the bill passed
without a word or a comment from any member
of the body; perhaps receiving the attention of
scarcely a single Senator, beyond the members of
the crmimittee.
_ When the bill was taken up for the considera-
tion of the amendments of the House on the 26th
of February, Senators must recollect well the
pressure of business which weighed upon us,
and the variety of subjects with which the mind ;
of almosterery Senator was occupied at the time. ,
Under such circumstances, it is not at all extraor-
dinary that attention was not given by all to the
principle involved in this dropping clause, which
nappened to attract my observation. On the
same day the whole debate to*k place, though the
Eroceedings involved first aintmendment offered
y the honorable Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Pratt,] providing that the law should be ex-
tended so as to include the medical corps of the
service; and the debate in part related to that.
Then there was a motion made by the honorable
Senator from Florida, now no longer a member
of this body, (Mr. Morton,) to postpone indefi-
nitely, on which he delivered, not a long, but an
arranged and able argument. It was not listened
to by the Senate at the time of its delivery; but
well would it have been for the country, if Sena-
tors had paid somewhat more attention to the
objections made by the then Senator from Florida.
The question as put to the Senate, was first on
the motion of the nonorable Senator from Mary-
land, containing his amendment to the amend-
ment of the House; and that was rejected. The
next motion was that for the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill by the honorable Senator from
Florida, 6</bre the Senate had adopted the dropping
clause, which constitutes the worst feature of the
bill as it finally passed. On that motion, I, with
others, not knowing what the action of the Senate
would be on the House amendment, voted against
the indefinite postponement; and the motion was
rejected by a vote of forty-one to two. There
was the unanimity. This vote the honorable
Secretary of the Navy has confounded with the
subsequent proceedings on the bill. In the short
debate which ensued—and it waa a very brief
one, for I was perfectly sensible that, with the
pressure of business, Senators would not listen
to a long discussion—I felt it due to my opinion
of the principle of the drop clause to make my
frotest against its adoption as briefly as I could,
did so. The honorable gentleman from Florida
[Mr. Mallory] replied to me. The whole dis-
cussion did not occupy more than thirty minutes,
and it was partially joined in by my honorable
colleague, [Mr. Clayton,] and some few words
were also said by the then Senator from Illinois,
(General Shields.) This was the extent of the
debate; and in the midst of the closing scenes of
the session, the minds of Senators being occupied
with different matters, I do not wonder that the
objections which I made were unheeded and prob-
ably unheard. I have seen such a state of things
before. I knew that, the attention of Senators
being engrossed by other matters, they could not
be induced to consider the importance of this prin-
ciple as it struck me; and I admit also that in the
greater injury which I supposed the drop clause
would inflict, I myself overlooked the language
of the original bill, which, on subsequent con-
sideration, I have become satisfied contains vital
errors.
I did not, under the circumstances I have men-
tioned, think it necessary to call for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the House amendment;
but I did call for a division of the Senate, after
stating my objections. I had been pressed not
to oppose that amendment, both in the Senate
and out of the Senate, in the ante-chamber, before
it was acted upon, on the ground that the Navy
required reform—which I conceded—and that if
the amendment went back to the House, the bill
would fail altogether. An argument to the same
effect was submitted by the honorable Senator
from Florida, [Mr. Mallory,] in the course of
that debate. Honorable Senators know full well
how often, under the stress of that argument, we
pass bil.s which we had better omit to pass. In
the same mode, the bill to remodel the diplomatic
and consular system was passed; and I suppose
it will remain an incubus on your statute-book
until you find that its impracticable provisions
render necessary its extensive modification or
total repeal. I called for a division; and what
was the vote on that amendment? Twenty-three
Senators rose in favor of the amendment; the noes
were not counted. I saw, we all saw, that a
majority of the Senators then present were in
favor of the adoption of the amendment. I had
performed my duty in objecting to the principle
of it, and was not disposed to interpose vexatious
interruptions to the general course of business.
The responsibility rested with the majority, and
I was content so to let it rest. Is this anything
like unanimity? My own recollection is distinct
that, at the time, there were some thirty-six or
thirty-seven Senators in the Chamber. Ihenoea
did not rise, but the fact appears unequivocally
that this clause was adopted by scarcely more
than one third of a full Senate—twentv-threa
votes. Is that unanimity ? Is that a decision so
obligatory in its character, or so commanding in
its influence, that we are not to revise the action
had under it, even though subsequent experience
should show that that action was prejudical, and,
instead of reforming, has tended only to disor-
ganize and destroy the Navy ? Sir, it is evident
that one of the errors of the honorable Secretary
has arisen from confounding the vote on the mo-
tion for indefinite postponement, with the vote on
the adoption of the amendment of the House of
Representatives.
In order to establish stfme of the facts which I
have stated, I will read a portion of the remarkB
I then made—that part which contains the sub-
stance of my objections—and the reply which
was made by the honorable Senator from Florida
on the motion which I submitted. On page 938
of the Congressional Globe for last year, my re-
marks read as follows:
I " I wish simply to enter my protest against the erection
i of any tribunal of the character which one amendment of
the House directs to be created. Sir, I am perfectly aware
that reformation is wanted in the naval service. I admit
it; but I am not willing to sacrifice what I consider to be
a great principle, even lor attaining that reformation. X do
not wish ta agree to the irresponsible exercise of the power
which it will confcr. The bill, as it passed the Senate, I
could assent to cheerfully. One of the amendments of the
House embodies a provision by which an irresponsible
court of five officers is to be created, upon whose opinions
or belief, as to the capacity or fitness of their fellows in the
service, the President of the United States, without respons-
ibility, may drop them from the service, though they may
■ have been in it twenty, or thirty, or forty years. No such
power, with my consent, shall be given to any board of
officers. If the Navy cannot be reformed without that, so
far as my vote goes, it shall stand as it is. I think the prin-
i ciple involved in that amendment wrong in itself.
" It is wrong in principle to take out of the service a
board of officers who shall pass their opinions on the respect-
ive merits and qualifications of other officers in the ser-
vice, without accusation, without hearing, without a charge;
and then, sanctioned by that re|K>rt, without responsibility,
to say that the President may drop them from the service.
Sir, I was willing to go for the retired list; for I look upon
the naval service as one in which, if a man continues long,
he becomes unqualified for the performance of any other
duty. It may well be that an officer of the Navy may not
have been distinguished in the service, though he may have
performed, as men often do in private life, his duties in a
manner sufficiently creditable. He may have done that,
but not in any distinguished manner; and I should be un-
willing, when that man reaches the age of forty or fifty years,
unless there be some positive charge against him, to throw
him out of the service into beggafy. I think the principle
of the House amendment intolerable; and I believe that, if
it is concurred in, the oppressions that will necessarily take
place under it will be such that it will have to be amended.
I make the objection, Mr. President; but if the Senate
choose to agree to the amendment, be it so. Experience
must indicate whether I am right or not; but I nm not will-
ing, without making the objection, and without voting
against the amendment, that such a tribunal should be
erected by the authority of the Congress of the United
States."
Perhaps it was in part my own fault that the
objections, even briefly made as they were, did
not attract the attention of the Senate; for, with
a desire to spare the occupation of time, I made
those remarks while the amendment of the hon-
| or&ble Senator from Maryland was pending.
, They have no relation to his amendment, and
therefore the attention of the Senate may not
have been given to them, as not being considered
applicable to the amendment which they supposed
to be under discussion.
The honorable Senator from Florida [Mr.
Mallory] replied to me. He said:
j " I propose in a very few words to answer the objection
of the honorable Senator from Delaware.
] " He objects to confiding to the board this power to desig-
nate for reservation any officer whose conduct is such as
1 to justify a recommendation of dismissal from the Navy.
The board is to have no other authority than to recommend.
I Over them the Secretary of the Navy first, the President
next, and the Senate next, as a matter of course, will exer-
, cise jurisdiction and authority. The exercise of this power,
in regard to the officers, is to be placed where it ought
to be placed—in the judgment of their peers ; and, sir, if
there be a man in the service whose characteris so degraded,
whose standing is so infamous, that a jury of his peers,
after thirty years' acquaintance, will decide that he ought
to be dismissed from the service, I say, in due deference to
, the judgment of the Senator from Delaware, that that
i decision should ba taken as a final Judgment; and I am
