2170
THE
cxtc
GRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that they
had passed a bill to regulate the diplomatic and
consular systems of the United States; also, that
they had passed Senate biil (S. No. 162) for the
relief of Joiin H. Scranton and James M. Hunt.
SENATE BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary, notified
the Senate that he had approved and signed the
following bills:
An act for the relief of Cezaire Wallace, of the
parish of Bossier, and State of Louisiana;
An act to authorize and dircct .he settlement
of the account of the Bank of the State of Mis-
souri for money advanced for subsistence and
transportation of volunteers;
An act to settle the time for holding the district
court in South Carolina, and other purposes;
An act for the relief of Norwood McClelland,
master of the steamboat New World;
An act for the relief of Betsey Whipple;
An act restoring Joshua Mercer to the roll of
invalid pensioners;
An act increasing the pension of Albert Hart;
An act for the relief of Levi O. Harris;
An act granting a pension to Nathaniel Moth-
ershead, of Missouri;
An act for the relief of Joseph Smith;
An act for the relief of Samuel Forrest;
An act for the relief of Dempsey Ptttman;
An act for the relief of Amos B. Eaton,acom-
nm&<uy of subsistence in the United States Army;
An act granting a pension to Morris Powers;
An act granting a pension to Mrs. Olivia W.
Cannon, widow of Joseph S. Cannon, late a
midshipman in the United States Navy, now
deceased;
An act granting a pension to Samuel B. Porter,
a soldier in the late war with Great Britain;
An act to increase the pension of Amaziah
Goodwin, of the State of Maine; and
An act to increase the pension of Alpheus T.
Palmer, late a lieutenant in the ninth regiment
United States infantry,
BOUNDARY OF KANSAS TERRITORY.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, the bill (H.
It. No. 574) making an appropriation for the
survey of the southern boundary line of Kansas
Territory was read the first and second lime, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
appropriates $35,400 for the purpose indicated in
its title.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I report back from the Com-
mittee on Finance the bill (II. It. No. 153)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1857. The
Committee on Finance have instructed me to rec-
ommend that the Senate insist on its amendment,
which is to strike out the Kansas proviso.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on insisting.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GEYER. The House made an amend-
ment to ouramondment.
Mr. STUART. We insist on ours.
Mr. GEYER. Do we not disagree to theirs?
Mr. HUNTER. I prefer the form of insisting,
because the question whether they had a right to
amend, is a doubtful matter of parliamentary law.
I do not propose to enter into any technical dis-
pute, and therefore propose that we insist on our
amendment.
Mr. GEYER. The House have amended our
amendment; and the first question, I apprehend,
will be on agreeing to their amendment to our
amendment, if it was in order to make it at all.
Our insisting on our amendment now is not dis-
posing of their amendment to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That point
of order is not raised by the motion of the Sen-
ator from Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. My proposition is to insist
on our amendment.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will the effect of insisting
on the amendment be the loss of the bill ?
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir; to adhere would be
to lose the bill. The motion is to insist.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted-—yeas 35, na^s 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Allen, Bell of Tennessee, Biggs,
Bigler," Bright, Brodhead. Brown.Cavi,Clay,Clayton,Cut-
teiiden, Dodge, Evans?, Fitzpatnek, Gever, Houston, Hun-
ter, Iverson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory,
Mason, Pearce, Pugh, Retd, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Teomb?,
Weller, Wright, and Yulee—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Oollamer,Dur-
kee, Fish, Foot, Foster, Harlan, Seward, Trumbull, and
Wade—10.
So the Senate insisted on the amendment to
the Army appropriation bill. *
SUPPLEMENTARY ARMY APPROPRIATION
BILL.
Mr. WELLER. I move tfiat the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No. 247)
making additional appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending June 30, 1857.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator propose to
take it up with the understanding that it shall be
laid aside at half past one o'clock, when the spe-
cial order comes up?
Mr. WELLER. I make no such proposition.
It is a general appropriation bill, and as much
entitled to consideration as the bills of my friend
from Virginia. I have been crowded out for the
last two or three days, and really he has coaxed
me off.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know how I coaxed
the Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. At half past
one o'clock it will be the duty of the Chair to
call up the special order, as a matter of course.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from California to take up the biil (S. No. 427)
making additional appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending 30th June, 1857.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to
consider the bill, which had been reported from
the Committee on Finance with amendments, the
first of wlucli was to strike out:
For altering small arms of old patterns, including those
m the possesion of the several States and Terntories,
$.->00,000.
For sea coast and garrison guns, mounted, .$600,000.
For manufacturing Miiall arms of new models, $150,000.
For mamitacturingsmall arm aeeouteimems'.vSlOO.OOO.
For supphmg ammunition for '-mall arms, %i00,000.
For supplying aiumuriiuon for sea-coast, $-250,000.
For nu-ipasmg the capacity of the arsenals, $100,000.
Mr. WELLER. It will be remembered that a
bill was passed by the Senate, which was usually
called the three-million bill, which was reduced
down to $1,800,000, and that bill is now in the
House of Representatives. In consequence of
the condition of public affairs there, and the
utter impossibility of getting that bill up, 1 was
induced originally to put it on this bill. It will
be remembered that the original bill came from
the Committee on Military Affairs, and, as a
matter of courtesy merely, was referred to the
Committee on Finance. They have not treated
the bill courteously; but they have left very little
of it. They have reported it to the Senate with
about three fourths of it cut out. I should like
very much to have these appropriations made;
and placing them on this bill may enable us, per-
haps, to obtain them. I do not propose to insist
on them. Let the question be taken on striking
out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out the following items:
For completing the Point Douglas and Saint Louis river
road, $31,425 50
For completing the Point Douglas and Fort Ripley road,
$4,095 01.
For repairing the bridge over Cannon river, $2,000.
Mr. WELLER. These items were inserted
in the bill on estimates of the War Department.
They were regularly estimated for last year, and
part of the money was expended last year, but it
was found insufficient to finish the roads. These
roads are in the Territory of Minnesota; and it
was on the estimates of the Department that we
were induced to recommend this appropriation
for the purpose of completing them. I trust the
amendment of the Committee on Finance will not
be agreed to.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on
a division—ayes 8, noes 26.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out section five, which is
in the following words:
Sec 5. Jind be it further enacted, That the provisions of
the first section of the at t Granting pensions to the widows
and orphan* ot persons dving in the naval service, approved
Augusi 11, 1848, be extended to the widows and orphans
of officers, non-comnns-ioned officer*, musician*, and sol-
diers of the Aimy ot the United States, including volunteers
and militia mustered into the service of the United States.
Mr. WELLER. The object of this section
was to place the Army on an equal footing with
the Navy. It is recommended not only by the
Secretary of War, but also by General Scott. I
think, as a matter of justice, they ought to be
placed on an equal footing with the Navy, and
therefore I trust the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Financc, to strike out the section, will not
be agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I should be glad if the Sena-
tor from Maryland would state the views of the
Committee on Finance upon this subject. He
will recollect it was acted on before I canie into
the committee room.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I believe the
effect of this scction will be to extend pensions
for life to the widows and orphans of the offi-
cers, non-commissioned officers, soldiers, and
musicians of the Army, as they have been ex-
tended in the naval service. Military pensions
are now limited to a term of years. It is proposed
to extend the naval system of life pensions to
the widows and orphans of officers of the Army.
The difference in the two cases is very evident.
The Senate are well aware that, at the commence-
ment of the war of 1812, Congress passed a law
providing for pensions. The naval pension fund
arose out of a percentage on captures—a fund
which the Government pledged itself to adminis-
ter in a way designated in the original pension
bill, so that the pensions which were received
under that bill were paid out of the annual inter-
est of the fund invested, being a percentage on
captures.
In 1837, Congress, legislating at the heel of the
session, late at night, and when the other branch
of Congress was filled with ladies instead of legis-
lators, passed an act by which the fund was
destroyed. They granted arrears of pension to
many persons, running back, in some instances,
forty and fifty years, giving $25,000 to a single
individual. In this way the pension fund was
decreased to the extent of $2,000,000 in a few
years. Congress having thus wrongfully per-
verted the pension fund in violation of the pro-
visions and stipulations of the act providing it,
felt itself bound to continue the pensions to the
naval service.
The intention of the original pension act, and of
the act of 1844, as those who were then members
of the Committee on Naval Affairs will well re-
member, was not to grant a pension to the widows
of all those who died in the naval service, but to
the widows of such as were killed in battle or
died of wounds received in battle, or in conse-
quence of casualties sustained or injuries received
in the line of their duty. It was not intended to
provide pensions for "the widows of those who
died in the ordinary course of nature, though they
might then be m the service. There have been
great abuses of this law; there have been pensions
granted under circumstances not contemplated by
the law, but in cases wheie, by some contrivance,
it has been made to appear that the persons died
in consequence of such casualties.
The object of this provision is to grant pensions
to the widows and orphans of the officers of the
Army precisely on the same footing with those
of the Navy, though there was no pension fund
created by any captures by the Army. The com-
mittee thought we had better stay where we were.
We thought that this business of giving pensions
to the widow of everybody who dies in the ser-
vice had been carried a great deal too far; that it
was a great abuse; that we were debauching the
country by spreading the public bounty abroad
without proper consideration; and we have, there-
fore, moved to strike it out.
Mr. CLAY. I am no friend of the pension
system as it exists; I am especially not in favor
of the invalid pension system; yet I think that,
as long as we sustain such a system at all, it
ought not to bearupon its face thegrossinequality
now exhibited in the comparison between the pen-
sions allowed to the widows and orphan children
