mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
hade no idea that this marine hospital matter
atone defeated this bill. I believe the proposition
in regard to Governor Merriwether had some-
thing to do with- its defeat. The opponents of
the marine hospital provisoes and the friends of
the other proposition united their forces, and the
defeat of the bill was the consequence.
Sir, if the bill is to be sent back to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, I hope the House
will indicate distinctly what action they desire
th'e committee to take upon these provisions be-
fore they again report the bill. We have seen
that there is a large party who have voted against
the bill because of the provisoes in relation to the
marine hospitals. There is another party who
are in favor of those provisos, and who regard
them as the chief item of value in the bill. There
is still another party who voted against the bill
because Governor Merriwether was to receive
$1,900, to which he was entitled according to the
decision of the proper officers, under existing
laXvs. These among other considerations have
caused the defeat of this bill; and if the House
are to send the bill back to us, I hope they will
Undertake to instruct us precisely what they want
us to do. If the investigations of the Committee
of- Ways and Means, upon this or any other
subject, are not entitled to any weight or consid-
eration upon the part of the House, they cannot
expect to pass this or any other bill unless every
man who has an appropriation in which he is
ihterested has been consulted in regard to it be-
fore the bill is considered.
Wow, sir, so far as regards this appropriation
for Governor Merriwether, I have already said
what I have to say in reference to it; but it does
seem to mo, that if any man will take the acts of
Congress upon the subject, and examine them
carefully, (and they have had abundant time for
consideration,) it is morally impossible for him,
in my opinion, to come to the conclusion that
GovernorMerriwether is noten titled to the money.
The proper authorities have decided that it is due
him; ana is it not most extraordinary that this
deficiency bill should have been defeated in con-
sequence of this appropriation of $1,900? Ad-
mitting that there is some diversity of opinion
upon the subject of this appropriation, still, if you
choose to put it upon that ground, so far as the
Committee of Ways and Means are concerned,
they are backed by the officers of the Government
who have charge of the matter, who have exam-
ined the laws and have pronounced their judgment,
upon them—who,-in the discharge of their official
duty, have certified that this amount of money is
actually due to him.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will say that I am for giving Governor
Merriwether precisely what we agreed by former
acts of Congress to give him; but 1 am not for
giving him the $4,000 unless we are bound to do
it. The question is whether the provision in this
bill still leaves it open for the proper accounting
officers to give him what they decide to be due,
or whether we do not declare by our act that the
amount is actually due ?
Mr. LETCHER. The proper accounting of-
ficer of the Treasury has already examined the
subject, and has furnished his opinion in regard
to it to the Secretary of the Treasury, who recom-
mends this appropriation to supply the amount;
due Governor Merriwether. I believe my friend j
from New York is not in favor of that provision;;
but, if 1 am not mistaken, fifteen minutes before it j
was voted upon he expressed an opinion on the '
other side. I
Mr. SIMMONS. _ No, sir, I have not voted in
opposition to the opinion I have expressed. But
the question I want to ask is, whether, supposing i
Governor Merriwether is not by law entitled to :
this amount, will not the provision in the bill
make it imperative upon the Treasury to pay the
money?
Mr. LETCHER. If he was not entitled to
more than $3,000 per annum under the law, there
would be no necessity for any such provision as
that contained in the bill; but the officers of the
Government, whose duty it is to construe laws
such as this, have ascertained that he is enti-
tled to more than $3,000 a year, and have recom-
mended this appropriation as necessary to supply
a deficiency in his compensation. I say, they
have ascertained the fact. In their view, Gov-
ernor Merriwether is entitled to this money in
addition to that he has already received, but
they have no appropriation out of which the
sum can be paid; and hence it is that we have
reported in this bill an appropriation out of which
it is to be paid.
Now, sir, as I remarked before, I do not care
to detain the House longer upon this subject. I
have only to say that, if this bill is to be sent
back to the Committee of Ways and Means, I
hope it will be sent back with instructions, not
only as regards th« provision in reference to
marine hospitals, but in reference to everything
which is considered objectionable, so that the
committee may- know what the House requires
of then*, and report accordingly.
Mr. MILLSON. I merely desire to make a
suggestion. I have no idea that the House has
defeated the deficiency bill in consequence of its
containing an appropriation for paying this
amount to the Governor of New Mexico.
Mr. LETCHER. That in connection with the
other proposition which I have mentioned.
Mr. MILLSON. I suppose—indeed, I have
no doubt that the bill has been defeated in conse-
quence of the opposition of the House to the au-
thority given to the Secretary of the Treasury to
abolish, at his pleasure, all the marine hospitals,
and to substitute for them a sort of Dotheboys
hospitals. It is that which caused the rejection
of the bill. My colleague will remember that we
have had no opportunity, either in the House or
in committee, of voting upon this question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man from Virginia inform the House why they
had no opportunity to vote on the marine hos-
pital clause?
Mr. MILLSON. I cannot tell. I can say for
myself, that I was casually absent when the
House took up the bill. I was not presentwhen
the marine hospital clause was read; and that
was the case with a large number of the members
of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Does not the gentleman
know that he or any other member could have
had a vote oil the marine hospital, or any other
clause of the bill ?
Mr. MILLSON. I do.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Why, then, could not a
test vote be taken on the clause, the present ques-
tion of difficulty ?
Mr. MILLSON. In reply to the gentleman's
remark, that a separate vote could have been had
on cach clause, I will state what is within the gen-
tleman's recollection—that that clause in the bill
was passed before the objections to it were dis-
covered. Opposition was afterwards made, but no
test vote was taken on the question in the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
All I want to suggest to my colleague is this:
we have had an opportunity of voting on the
clause relating to the salary of the Governor of
New Mexico. The House has deliberately, by
two distinct votes, approved that clause of the bill.
For one I am willing to acquiesce in it. But we
have had no opportunity of voting on the other !
clause; and I do desire that the occasion may be
furnished to the House to strike out, if it pleases,
those clauses of the bill. I do not see the neces-
sity—and this is the suggestion I wish to make—
for referring this bill back to the Committee of
Ways and Means with instructions. It is com-
petent for the House to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was rejected, then the vote by
which the bill has been ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time, and to thus put the bill in i
a position where it shall be open to amendment, i
The House can then, without reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, the previous question being exhausted,
strike out the clause referred to.
Mr. LETCHER. If there has been no oppor-
tunity to vote on the clause of the bill in regard
to the marine hospitals, it is not chargeable in
any way to the Committee of Ways and Means.
When the bill was brought in here for considera-
tion, it was read clause by clause from the Clerk's
desk. Every gentleman had the right to offer
amendment to each clause as it"vvas presented, or
to present his views in regard to each clause if he
had no amendment to offer. The bill taken up,
read in this way, clause by clause, was progressed
with until we reached the clause in regard to the
salary of the Governor of New Mexico. Then,
for the first time during the consideration of the
bill, a proposition was made to amend. Now,
sir, if those who are interested in this matter were
here—if they chose to permit this thing to pass
sub silentio—it seems tome to be a little out of the
way now to talk about a want of opportunity on
the part of members to pass a judgment on that
clause, which was clearly read and properly pre-
sented for gentlemen's consideration.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I will state to the gentle-
man from Virginia why I did not make objection
to the clause in reference to the marine hospitals
at the time it was read. By the 127th rule, I
think, when in the Committee of the Whole each
bill taken up must be first read through. When
this bill was taken up in the committee, no motion
was made to read it by clauses, or to pass on each
clause as read. I presumed that, as the rule pro-
vided, the bill would have been first read through,
and that then we should go back and pass on
each elause separately. This is my reason for not
having- opposed the clause when it was first read.
Mr. LETCHER. When the bill was intro-
duced, the proposition was distinctly put to the
House whether it should be read; and the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Houston] was distinctly
inquired of whether he objected to the first read-
ing being dispensed with before the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill by clauses.
There was no objection. The first reading was
dispensed with by unanimous consent; then the
bill was read by clauses, and, as each clause was
read, opportunity was given to gentlemen either
to debate it or amend, as they might see fit.
Mr. SANDIDGE. Does the gentleman say
that a motion was made to dispense with the first
reading of the bill ?
Mr. LETCHER. Inquiry was made when the
gentleman from Alabama took the floor, whether
he objected to the first reading of the bill being
dispensed with.
Mr. SANDIDGE. The inquiry, then, was
made to the gentleman from Alabama, and not to
the committee.
Mr. LETCHER. If the committee had not
sanctioned it the reading could not have been dis-
pensed with. He was understood to be the only
gentleman objecting to that course of proceeding;
and the committee must have sanctioned it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood, when the bill
was taken up in committee, that the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, made a motion
to dispense with its first reading. I did not hear
clearly, hut such was my understanding. I rose,
knowing that there were a great many new mem-
bers here, and propounded the question whether
the bill was now being read for amendment? The
Chairman inquired whether I objected to dispens-
ing with the first reading of the bill ? I replied
that I did not. I did not, because that course was
usual, and I thought that it was proper. The bill
was then read for amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. This bill has been rejected
by avote of the House. It has been rejected by
a considerable majority. My colleague seems to
think that it has not been rejected in consequence
of the proposition in regard to Governor Merri-
wether, but that it has been rejected exclusively
because of the fact that the House has had no
opportunity to pass on the provisoes in regard to
the marine hospitals. Let us look at it. Here
is my friend from Alabama who voted against
this bill, and I imagine that he voted against it
because of that very proposition in regard to
Governor Merriwether s salary. There is my
friend from Kentucky who voted against the bill
after having voted for the Merriwe tlier clause, and
I imagine that he voted against it because of the
provisoes in regard to the marine hospitals. The
proposition which the gentleman from Kentucky
was for putting on induced my friend from
Alabama to vote against the bill; and the propo-
sition which the gentleman from Alabama was for
putting oil induced my friend from Kentucky to
vote against it. So they had the Committee of
Ways and Means in asortof see-saw. Letthem
go whichever way they would, they were making
weight against our bill. I say, then, when this
matter is sent back to us, I hope the House will
undertake to declare whether either one of these
items shall go into the bill. If there is objection
to any other item, I ask that it may be stated.
Let us have full instructions.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. 1 do not see the ne-
