1896.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
5€l
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
to the board. There might also be officers in the I j
service, as there are men in the community, in- j i
accurate in their relation of facts, who might in j j
that wav acquire among the profession generally >
a rather unreliable character in regard to their ve- '
racity. The door would be open, under such a
rule of investigation,to pronounce such an officer i
••incapable."
Mr. President, I do not contend that the im-
morality of an officer may not be carried so far
as to produce incapacity; but I deny that any
authority was meant to be given by Congress to
this board, to investigate not merely the physical
or mental capacity of an officer to perform his
duties, but also to pass judgment upon his moral
character, in accordance with their individual
standards of morality.
If such a rule had been adopted in the English
Navy, Nelson must have been dropped; because, jj
distinguished as he was, as a "prompt and effi- h
cient " officer, no one acquainted with nistory can !1
doubt that his relations with Lady Hamilton were I
inconsistent with the obligations of morality, and
some might " consider his moral perceptions of ,
right ana wrong so blunted and debased as to
render him unreliable." in the English service
now, there is an officer who, in the celebrated
charge of Balaklava, distinguished himself by his
gallantry, and is known to be one of the most! I
efficient officers in the service; and yet I think I J j
am justified in applying to him the epithet of 11
libertine, as characterizing the general opinion of
his moral conduct throughout England. I specify
these cases, and might readily add others from
our own service, to illustrate the force of the re-
mark, that it is not the immorality of the man
which prevents him from being an efficient officer.
It may have that effect in some cases. If an
officer becomes a common drunkard, of course
that incapacitates him. If his intellect gives way
from sensual indulgences, he is incapacitated.
An officer may, however, have sinned against the
decencies of society and the laws of morals; but
it was not the intention of the law that such sins
should be noticed by this board, if the officer was
capable of performing his duty promptly and
efficiently. It was not intended that the moral
character of the man should be the subject of
inquisition; and no such authority can fairly be
inferred from the language of the statute.
This is one errorin the Secretary's construction
of the act of 1855 which tended to mislead the
board of officers selected by him, as to the extent
of the inquiry they were authorized to make.
The second error, if not graver, is more palpable.
It occurs in that part of the instructions which
direct* the board to divide the reserved list into
two grades, and to advise and report the names
of officers who were to be retired upon leave-of-
abseaee pay, and those who were to be retired on
furtough pay. I have no hesitation in declaring
that this part of the instructions involves an ex-
cess of power. The language of the law shows
that it did intend to remove the responsibility of
the President as to the retirement or dismissal of
officers, and to substitute the report of the board
in lieu of sufficient cause for dismissal; but if
its natural import be adhered to, it does not
authorize the board to discriminate as to the Kst
on which their fellow-officers who were retired
should be placed where no fault was imputed'to
them; but leaves the classification as to pay to
the responsibility as well as to the discretion ,
of the Executive, without the intervention of the
board. The authority confided to the board
of officers is a special authority, and cannot, on ,
known principles of construction, be extended
beyond the terms of the grant by implication;
«l>d the first section contains the entire delegation !
of authority. |
The first section provides that the board should
be#saembied under instructions; that they should j
examine into the efficiency of the officers, and
should report to the Secretary of the Navy the J
officers of all grades who, in their judgment, were ■
incapable of performing their duty efficiently and '!
promptly, ashore and afloat; and that, whenever '!
the board should believe that the incompetency :
arose from any cause implying sufficient blame, j
they might recommend that the names of such
officers be stricken from the rolls. Is there any- 11
tiling in this provision which authorizes the board 11
New Sebies—No. 36.
to inquire into the relative pay which the retired
officers should receive? None whatever. Yet the
whole authority conveyed to the board is specified
in that section. The Secretary's construction of
the act enlarges the authority thus granted in the
first, by implication from the second section.
That section provides " that all officers who
shall be found by the said board incapable of per-
forming the duties of their respective offices,
ranks, or grades, shall, if such finding be ap-
proved by the President, be dropped from the
rolls, or placed in the order of their rank and
seniority at the time, upon a list in the Navy
Register, to be entitled tne reserved list." Thus
they were to be dropped, or placed on the re-
served list, according to the power conferred and
the authority specially delegated by the preceding
section. Then the section continues—and this is
the clause where the misapprehension arises—
" and those so placed on the reserved list shall
receive the leave-of-absence pay, or the furlough
pay, to which they may be entitled when so
placed, according to the report of the board and
approval of the President. ' On legal principles
the inference seems unavoidable, that if it bad
been the intention of Congress to authorize the
board of officers to distinguish as to the pay
which should be received by their retired com-
rades, the act would have so declared in the sec-
tion which created the board, delegated authority
to it, and prescribed its duties.
The second section directs that after the report
and its approval the officers shall be placed on the
reserved list, and those so placed on the reserved
list shall receive the leave-of-absence pay, or the
furlough pay, to which they may be entitled when
so placed according to the report of the board,
ana the approval of the President. To discover
the intention here it is obvious we must refer to
the first section to ascertain on what subjects the
board were authorized to report, and then it is
clear that the authority granted is to recommend
that certain officers be placed upon a reserved list
from incapacity, and that other officers be stricken
from the rolls for incapacity produced by their
own vices. Not a scintilla of authority to dis-
tinguish as to pay between the officers placed on
the reserved list can be extracted from the grant
of authority in the first section. Then the lan-
guage of the second section must mean what the
words naturally import, that the officers placed
on the retired, list according to the report of the
board,and itr approval by the President, shall re-
ceive the leave-of-absence pay, or furlough pay,
to which they may be entitled at the time of bang
so placed. " When" refers to time altogether; and
the title of any officer to furlough pay, or leave-of-
absence pay, cannot be rationally construed to
be dependent upon the report of the board, there
being no authority granted to it in the first section
which creates it ami defines its powers to make
any report as to the pay of the retired officers, but
merely an authority to recommend some officers
far retirement and others for dismissal. The pay,
therefore, to which the retired officers are entitled
is by the statute made dependent upon the fact
of their being in active service, or waiting orders
at the time of retirement, in either of which events
they would he entitled to leave-of-absence pay;
but if on furlough before the approval by the
President of the report retiring them, (and the
Secretary had full authority without the act to
place , any officer on furlough before his retire-
ment,) then the law allows Dut the furlough pay
to which the officer was entitled at the time of liis
retirement.
The correctness of this construction is rendered
more evident from the fact, that if Congress had
intended by the second section to enlarge the au-
thority granted to the board in the first section,
the words, " when so placed," should have fol-
lowed the words, " according to the report of the
board, and approval of the President," instead
of preceding them.
As the words stand in the law, the grade of
pay is not made, by their grammatical import,
dependent upon the report of the board, and the
law confides no such authority in the section
authorizing a report by the board. The construc-
tion is a forced one, indeed, which transposes the
relative position of sentences, in order to imply,
in a section of the law, which does not purport
to be a grant of authority, an enlarged authority
, beyond the terms in which it is conveyed in the
section creating the special tribunal and defining
its powers.
If the construction for which I contend needs
further illustration, it may be found in the bill as
it originally passed the Senate. It provided that
the board should make a careful examination into
the efficiency of the officers, and report to the
Secretary of the Navy the names and rank of all
those who, in the judgment of the board, should
be incapable of performing their duties ashore and
afloat, without any drop clauso. The second
section provided that the officers who should be
found by the board incapable of performing the
duties of their respective ranks, "shall, if such
finding be approved by the President, be placed,
in the order of their rank and seniority at the
time, upon a list in the Navy Register, to be en-
titled tne reserve list, and they snail receive th 
leave-of-absence pay, or furlough pay, to which
they may be entitled when so placed, and shall
be ineligible to further promotion."
As the bill passed the Senate there could be no
i question that it was not intended to insert a pro-
vision which relieved the President or Secretary
of the Navy from the responsibility of dividing
the retired officers into two classes, having dif-
, ferent rates of pay, and to devolve that duty upon
: the board. Such was not the intention of the
j Senate bill; and, if you take the language of the
' act as passed, such is not its legal construction.
| If it had been the intention of Congress to enlarge
the powers of the board, so as to authorize them
to discriminate as to the rate of pay to be allowed
to retired officers, can it be doubted that the inten-
tion would have been expressed in the section
which defines the powers delegated and subjects
' upon which the board was authorized to inquire
and report?
The board is authorized to inquire into the
capacity of all officers of the Navy, and to recom-
mend their retirement, where found incapable of
performing promptly and efficiently all their duties
ashore and afloat; and it is also authorized to
recommend in its report that those officers be
. dismissed whose incapacity has been caused by
their own follies or vices; but not a line breathes
the idea, that Congress intended to authorize the
board to pass upon the relative merits of the previ-
ous services of incapable officers, where no blame
was irapliable as the cause of incapacity.
So far as the action and report of the board are
concerned, t&e act places all retired officers on the
same footing.
I presume that this-erroneous construction was
: founded on adeclaration made by a single member
of the House of Representatives, at the time of the
'j passage of the drop clause in that House. Sir,
it would be a dangerous principle, indeed, if th#
language of a law, as it has passed both branches
of Congress, is to receiye a construction contrary
, to the natural import of the words, and the settled
rules of construction, from the declaration in
debate of any single member of either body, how-
ever distinguished that member may be. Such a
rule of construction is utterly intolerable and inde-
fensible for the purpose of interpreting the legis-
: lative will, as expressed in a public statute.. lu
the course of the debate in the House of Repre-
sentatives, Mr. Bocock remarked:
" The original bill, as it came from the Senate, provides
that when officers are put upon the reserved list they shall
'■ receive the leave-of-absence pay, or the furlough pay, to
, winch they may be entitled when so placed—furlough pay
1 being bne half of the lpave-of-absence pay. There might be
a difficulty in carrying out the provisions of the bill as it
] stood without amendment. The section says that the offi-
cers put upon the reserved list shall receive leave-.of-absence
t pay,or furlough pay, but who was to determine which?
1 Shall the Secretary of the Navy determine it by his own
[authority? That would be disagreeable. It seems to rae
to be in every way better that a board shall recommend
1 whether a man shall be placed upon leave-of-absence pay
; or furlough pay."
There can be no doubt that such was the inr
' tention of the honorable member who made these
| remarks, and that he supposed such intention
, was embodied in the law; but is that to give con-,
struction to the law against the plain import of
! its words? Sir, when a far more important bill
! was under consideration in this body—the lian-
I sai-Nebrapka bill, as it is called—how many dif-
! ferent opinion# were entertained and expressed,
