THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. K1VES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Four!1!! Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 28, 1856.
Kew Series....No. 82.
that it imports only that the colleague of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumnlr,] himself
a Senator from that State, [Mr. Wilson, ) thought
itproper to brm^the fact, which he stated, to the
notice of the Senate, without making-cmy motion,
and upon that the resolution of inquiry was
offered by the Senator from New York. My im-
pressions, therefore, are changed. It seems to
me, that it was properly introductory, at least to
show that the attention of the Senate was drawn
to the fact by the Senator from Massachusetts, if
the action of the Senate was not also invited by
him. It seems to me, then, that it would be
proper to allow the statement to remain upon the
Journal.
Mr. "WELLER. 1 ask that the resolution be
read, because, if 1 am right in thinking1 that this
case is properly before the Senate, and is well
understood on the face of the resolution itself,
the insertion of these remarks is improper. I
have made no motion on the subject; I have not
moved to amend the Journal. 'My only object
was to elicit the opinion of Senators as to the
propriety of these entries being made on the Jour-
nal. I now ask that the resolution be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of rive members ho fleeted
by the Senate to inquire into the ciicum^tances attending
the assault committed on the person of the Hon. Chaju,e«*
Sumner, aincmberot' the Senate, in tliy Senate Chamber
ycsteiday; and that the said committee he nistiueted to re-
port a statement of the facte, togethei with their opinion
thereon, to the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. I think the statement is
wholly unnecessary, because the resolution as-
sumes that an assault was committed on a mem-
ber of the Senate, and proceeds to provide for the
appointment of a committee to investigate the
facts; but I have made no motion on the subject,
and I do not propose to do so.
The PRESIDENT. The question, then, is on
the motion of the Senator from Maryland, to give
to the committee appointed at the last sitting of
the Senate, power to send for persons and papers.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD. I present the memorial of the
American Guano Company, praying forthe adop-
tion of measures for asserting the jurisdiction of
the United States over certain guano islands lying
in the Pacific ocean, acquired by discovery, pur-
chase, or assignment, and the recognition of the
title of the American Guano Company to the
same. I ask that the memorial be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations; and, as the
papers accompanying it are very interesting and.
important, I enlarge my motion so as to provide
for their printing.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, presented the peti-
tion of John Ottinger, praying to be allowed a
pension for his services in the revolutionary war;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee- on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
memorial of Matthew Hines, reported that the
prayer of the memorialist be denied.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the memorial of the agents of the New
York Iron Pavement Company, reported that the
prayer of the memorialists be denied.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Washing-
ton, praying that provision may be made for the
support and education of the indigent deaf, dumb,
blind, and idiotic, in that city, reported that the
prayer of the petitioners be deniea.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
242) for the relief of the Tampico volunteers, re-
ported it without amendment, and submitted an
adverse report: which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of the Columbian Harmony Society, reported
82
! a bill (S. No. 338) for the relief of the Columbian
. Harmony Society of the; city of Washington;
i winch v/as rood, and passed to n second reachng.
; Mr. FOOT, trom the Oommutec on Public
Lands, to whom was referred thu bill (S. No. 324)
to permit the Legislature of Iowa to determine for
that State tne application of a grant of hinds here-
; tofore made to the State to aid in the construction
! of certain railroads, reported a joint resolution
! (S. II. No. 2U) to permit the Legislature of Iowa
to determine for that State the application of a
grant of lands heretofore made to the State to aid
in the construction of certain railroads; which
was read, and passed to a sccond reading.
DIPLOMATIC SYSTEM.
Mr. MASON. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for its consideration now;
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
inb.tiuoteii to inquire and rep irt lo the Senate what alter-
ation- (if any) they may doom necc-s-an or expedient in
the act entitled "An act to remodel tlie diplomatic and con-
sular system-; of the United St.ueV' upptoveri Maieh 1,
18.>5, so lai as the diplonuuie j-crvieo is aliected by said
act. *
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will give his resolution a little wider scope.
1 think the concluding paragraph limits the in-
quiry entirely to the diplomatic service. There
were certainly some errors committed under the
act of 1855, in relation to the consular system,
and I ask that the resolution may be so amended
as to include that service.
Mr. MASON. I did not embrace the consular
system because I was satisfied, as I presume the
Senate is, that it properly belongs to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and does not belong to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. The Commit-
tee on Commerce is conversant with the whole
consular system, and we are nut. Consuls are
officers pertaining to commerce, and not to di-
plomacy. The bill of last year originated in the
House of Representatives, and consuls were in-
cluded, from some motiu* of convenience, I
presume. Of course, 1 shoulu be happy to include
I them.
The resolution was agreed to.
RECONSIDERATION OF A VOTE,
Mr. BIGGS. At the request of some persons
interested in the bill rejected at the last sitting of
the Senate, for the renewal of the McCormick
patent, I move a reconsideration of the vote by
which that bill was rejected, with a view that the
motion may be entered, and its consideration lie
over until next private bill clay.
The PRESIDENT. The motion will be en-
tered.
WAGON ROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I have a me-
morial to present to the Senate this morning,
signed by a much larger number of persons than
any petition which has ever before been presented
to the Senate. This memorial is now before me
in two large folio volumes. It contains the sig-
natures of seventy-five thousand freemen, residing
in the State of California. I believe no petition has
ever yet been presented to the Senate in our past
history, that has had more than ten thousand
signatures attached to it. California, when she
speaks, desires to be heard. This memorial
comes, as I have said before, from seventy-five
thousand American citizens on the Pacific, who
sincerely wish to have their destinies united with
yours. I do not know how I can put the Senate
m possession of their wishes in a better way than
by reading the memorial itself. I am sure the
voice of so large a number of freemen will not be
disregarded.
" Your petitioners, citizens resident in tlie State of Cali-
fornia, respectfully represent to the honorable the Congress
of the United States, the following facts, and ask your
earnest consideration of our necessities, and immediate
action foi our relief:
" Wc are a population of five hundred thousand in num-
ber, occupying the western limits of American possessions
upon the Pacific. Our State is the growth of little more
than five yearn; yet within that brief period we have
ejected, as r.ii outpost upon the froiitles of on,- r< :)uo!ic, a
niuuieip.il <j«a e-ii n.'-i't i.utlifuliy reilcctmg the ^pii'u of our
common iii^f*t um-5
By oue-i,y and eurerpii-e we have laid the foundation
for a pre,it Si,ne wlncn, pionerh pioteetedand eiieouvd'/cd,
j-iiall add to the d.^ntvand stability of the rni.-n. We
have passed law- yielding willing alleirianec toihe Fcdeiai
Government. We have limit cine-, village-. awl works
of impiovcnent woithv an ni(iu-.u iou-5 pen;)i<\ \\'o have
( planted thu penim of ,\ connm-iec ahead}' iiimoitant, and
,[ destined to produce in time mo<-t inajrnim ent i^nlts, and
irom winch wo have already paid huge levenuc to tho
Fedeisl Tieasuiy.
'* Our mine-., not, vnt fanly opened foi ciieee-i-ful work-
ing, have leahzpd by moderate estimate ASUM,000.000, which
we have sent foi Ui lo the world ;and thu-, m no meoiiMdei-
able decree, contributed to the pio-peuty of om wholo
countiy. \\ e have been, and <-till are, developing now
sources of wealth ; we have explored and broiiirhtto notice
pint-* ot our counti) Intheito unknown; we have planted
ourselves on thu distant eo.nt, where we aie picpared to
do lo\aUluty in protecting our eountrv from aggro-^ion or
wrong. Thy ehaiaeter ui our people, the naruieot our pro-
ductions, tlie capabilities of our mhI and climate, the accom-
plishment?- of the pa-t «'iid the reasonable hopes, of the
future, should all commend us to the tavorabie care of the
Pedcial Government, And while we appiocmtc the ben-
efits of all the appiepilations of the Federal Government
foi our debt, defense-, mid commerce, winch have been so
ireneuni-ly cxpenued on our roust, mid which give us
le.wmahle uv.-ui.mee of the luune, thoie h a pressing-
necessity, (or tne want of wh'eii out Suite of California
and liic whole Pacific co'i t aie now laii^tu-imu: <iml un-
pio-spcicus. Our 1,'ie.u nccc- -ity i> meiru-e of population ;
om icquiieinent is ,m muniypution o! the uoi !umr and pro-
ducing clane*,. Our State psevents nio-t unpai aided induce-
ments foi Uus elu^-. of person;.; out clmi.ue is uuequuied;
lioni in extiemev, <i<Heimi* is unknown ; our '-oil |, pio -
ductive almost beyond belief, destitution for the healthful
and wiihng wotkei can nevei vkv'a Our mines }ield a*
readdv as upon then' f.int discovery, and aie peunanent
and eudui.ibleas the eternal hill* in which thev are located.
Kvery inducement foi immigration i- nowussttongas when,
m 1840 and 1850, all the approaches-, to out Siatea wore
thronged with immigrant*-:. The best ponton ofouv piesent
popuhuion ai uved hero by ptwsago aero>^ the Plains ; and
fiom the length ot the journey, chatactev oi the country,
the absenco of setllomonN, the inabihly to obtain ^upphuc*
and reciuit their stock, this journey v.as not without ua
ineonvvmciiees and injuries. The n.-cent hostile demon-
gtu^tionc of the fndian' tubes havo^o muhiphed the haid-
f«liii>^ and incieased the ha/.atd of tJu^ our only land
appioneh, a.-, to lender u, nearly impineticalile; and the
result has been an almost entire su.^ientiou oi navel by
tln«5 route—a oau^o from which we are now laboring under
einh.iriassinenl.
" Oui petition to Congrcfs is for tlie immediate construc-
tion of a waqon-road between the lioutier of the States of
JNlissouii and California, followirp the general route of the
old emigrant road, passim; through the valley of the Great
Salt Lake, and reaching California at a point on the eastern
slope of the Sierra Nevada, where the Cnr&on Valley leavfcM
the mountains, and where i1- now established a tlourjshing
village, known as < Carson Valley Settlement.' 'i'lin h the
route of the gieat immigration of 18-19 ami iy.30. It i^ mostly
a level plain, leqmnnjr a few small bnd«*es, the estnlihsh-
menl of ienies, oecusiorial eA'eavniums, and the sinking
of a lew wells. Ft is cential: alieady liavc three hundreil
thousand people crossed it, thus salisfactotily demojibtrat-
ing the practicability of the roule.
" Our petiuon is also for the establishment of military
posts at such convenient posts along tlie line of said louto
as shall effectually contribute to the proteet'on and safety,
the construction of woikshops, blacksmith shop*!, and such
other aid as may be necessary for the public.
" We mopt earnestly a^k of our Government the imme-
diate and favorable consideration of our petition. Rellect
that we are a part of the people of the United States, now
separated fiom the twenty-two million of ourfcllow-citizena
by a belt of our national temtory less than two thousand
miles m width, and over a great part of which is now the
best national road in the world, and at a cost by no means
great. We are now, as it were, a distant colony; access
from other parts of our own country to ourselves, is by a
most eircuitous route, requiring the passage of two oceans,
transit through a foreign territory and a tropical climate.
Our business U subjected to delays and hazards; our people
to danger^and inconvenience; our carrying trade pays rev-
enue to a foreign Government, and in a measure, we are
dependants on tlie will of private corporations."
" Should our present friendly relations With other Gov-
ernments be disturbed, our commerce, our correspondence,
and our treasure, would be subject to embarrassment, in-
terruption, and loss; we would find ourselves so farremoved
from the central authority, that ere troops and munitions
of war or aid could reach us we should have become sub-
dued (so far as a brave people could be subdued) to an
enemy, and the insolent exactions of foreign military
power over a defenseless people.
" Moved by these and such other national considerations
as will suggest themselves to the intelligence and patience
of your honorable bodies, in interest of the present, and
anxiety for the future, we most respectfully and earnestly
ask the, immediate construction of a national highway, pro-
tected by adequate military strength.
" And your memorialists'will ever pray, &c.,&c."
. In Great-Britain the people occasionally form
processions and march to the House of Parlia-
ment in order to demand redress for grievances 
