1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2172
will not bind themselves, however, to wait for-
an appropriation which may or may not be
made.
It is for the purpose of saving this constant and
continual increase of price, that we desire to have
the matter now settled. The rent of the present
building will soon be increased" I was informed
a few days since, by the Postmaster General, that
he was satisfied that at the expiration of the lease
it could not be renewed to him for double the pres-
ent rent, which will be more than the interest of
the money now proposed to be appropriated. I
trust there will be no objection to thispioposi-
tion.
Mr. PRATT. When does the lease expire?
Mr. FISH. In 1865. The rent. I understand
from the Postmaster General, will be subject to
increase in four years from now, though the
Government has the right of occupancy until
1865.
Mr. ADAMS. I differed with my colleagues
on the committee in reference to this appropria-
tion. As has been stated by the Senator from
New York, the Government has an arrangement
for a ouilding for the purpose of a post office in
New York until 1865; but in anticipation of an
increase in the value of property, as it is thought
there will be a necessity at that period for such
an expenditure, it is proposed to be made now,
because it will cost more money then than now.
1 am opposed to the whole appropriation. I have
never been able to discover the propriety of dis-
tinguishing in favor of large and rich cities, and
pioviding post offices for them, when you lequire
the small towns and small cities to provide their
own, or have none at all. They have in th^city
of New York a post office. They differ as to
where the new post office shall be located. They
never think of providing a post office for their
own accommodation, as they do in your town,
sir, or in all the small towns; but inasmuch as it
is important to the Government, they expect the
Government to provide for it.
Mr. FISH. Does not the Government pay the
rent of the post offices in small towns?
Mr. ADAMS. Yes, the Government pays
rent; but the Senator himself says that the ar-
rangement here is made until 1865. " Sufficient
unto the day is the evil thereof," Property may
not be worth one dollar in 1865, that is worth
ten dollars now. At all events, if it should be
worth ten dollarsforone now, 1 think the Govern-
ment will be able to pay it then if it needs it. It
is anticipating, I think, under the circumstances
surrounding- the country at this time, unneces-
sarily the expenditure of this amount. I am
opposed to the whole appropriation.
Mr. SEWARD. The letter which has been
already read from the Department shows that a
new post office is necessary now. The proverb
whicli the honorable Senator from Mississippi ad-
duces seems to me to be quite inapplicable. The
evil of the day is not only sufficient for it, but it is
too much. Here is the largest city of the Union,
the city paying- the largest amount of revenue
into the post office, a city of eight hundred thou-
sand people, with a post office crowded into an
old church one hundred years old, temporarily
fitted up at $11,000 a year rent. The site itself
is objectionable. The city has moved up beyond
it. There is every consideration that the Govern-
ment should have edifices which are fire-proof,
which are complete, which are adapted to then-
uses. Every consideration requires that this
post office in the city of New York shall be estab-
lished in such an edifice as that. I think the
measure commends itself to the consideration of
the Senate. This is the proper bill for the incor-
poration of it. The bill we had before us yester-
day was a miscellaneous bill, for the expenses of
the Government; this is a post office bill.
Mr. FISH. One word m addition to what my
colleague has stated in regard to the present build-
ing. The amount of business done in that post
office may be inferred, when I state, from the
official record, that the net revenue paid into the
Treasury, after defravmg all the expenses of the
post office in the city "of N  w Yoik is ^492,972;
and that business is done m a building covered
with a wooden roof, surrounded by buildings
which are liable at any time to take fire and com-
municate it to the post office. In fact, on one oc-
casion I was informed that the roof of the post
office was on fire. This large amount of business
I is being done in a building thus exposed. The
' accommodations in it are wholly inadequate for
the business. The Government, besides paying
the rent on the ground and building, has been at
the expense of extending the building to the full
capacity of its present extension, and yet finds
itself so cramped, that the Postmaster tells me
he cannot do the business with it much longer.
! If the present occupancy is to be continued, it
i must be converted into a fee, in order that some
| vacant ground in the inclosure may be occupied
i by new buildings, and the present building must
! be taken down.
Mr. BIGLER. I shall vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Florida. If an expend-
iture of this character is necessary at any point
| of the United States, it is necessary in the city
! of New York. During the last few years I have
| had occasion to visit that office, for the purpose
| of getting letters on business. It occurred to me
j frequently that the arrangements for the accom-
j modation of that city were exceedingly unsatis-
I factory, inaccessible, cramped, and unpleasant.
I I am struck, too, with the force and truth of the
| remark of the Senator from New York, [Mr.
| Fisii,] with leference to the enhanced value of
j property in that part of the city. If a post office
: in our large cities is necessary anywhere, it js
necessary in New York: and perhaps in no city
of the United States does property increase so
rapidly. I have made up my mind on the main
point—the general necessity—and I think it is
good policy to act promptly. The longer the
j purchase is delayed, the higher will be the price.
I shall therefore vote for the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I am directed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads to move this
amendment:
Jhid he it further enacted, That Hie Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, directed to extend the eonnact for mail
sei vice on route 7SU9, between New Orleans, and Cairo,with
the present ownen of the contract, foi a period of two years
beyond the teim limited in the e.\isun§ contract, at the bume
rate of compensation now paid: Pi uviJdi. The said con-
tracting pat ties *hall. within a reasonable time iiom tins
date, to be determined by the Postmaster General, become
the owneis. oi the po^essoiIn c barters winch sunender
tiie exelu-i\e control and use theieof, of a butficient number
of suitable steameis for the legular and tecine poiloimanee
of the seivice.
I will offer to the Senate a brief explanation of
this amendment. Under an act passed during
! the last Congress, a daily mail was directed to be
i established between Cairo andNew Orleans. The
. contract was given to the present holders at a
! price some three hundred thousand dollars less
■ than any other bid. To insure the good perform-
. ancc of the service, it is indispensably necessary
that they shall become the owners, orpossessor.s
| by charter, of a large number of steamboats of
j the first class, involving a very large expenditure
I of capital. To justify the present holders in
: making that investment, it is proposed to extend
' their term of service two years beyond the present
: limitation, which will expire in about two yeats,
on conditions which will insure, at the same rate
of compensation, a stable and peimanent and use-
ful service.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand this
] amendment very well; but as well as I can under-
stand, it seems to be a sort of congressional con-
tract with particular individuals. Why should
we select these mviduals m preference to any
others? It must be a good contract, or there
; would be no effort to extend it; and if it is a good
1 one, may we not got a better one if we leave the
, matter open to competition?
| Mr. ADAMS. I will explain it. We have
had great difficulty in securing any service on the
1 Mississippi river. At the time the contract was
| let to the lowest bidder, the present contractors
1 bid about one half less than the next bidder im-
mediately above them. Thf*y bid $300,000;
$600,000 was the next bid. They are now per-
forming this service as well as any other contract
! of the kind in the United States. Owing to the
hii?h bids at first made, the Postmaster Gt neral
1 refused to accept any of them. We then passed
a law requiring him unconditionally to accept the
lowest bidder. Finally these men bid what he
thought n reasonable sum, and he gave them the
; contract for the unexpired portion of the term,
j which has not quite two years to run. For such
• a short term they cannot afford to purchase a
great number of boats at heavy expenses, with-
out an extension of their time. This amendment
only authorizes the extension of the present con-
tract, which is entirely satisfactory, I believe, to
the Department and to everybody interested, for
two years longer, without which we shall be in
the same difficulty for a mail on that river that
we have been heretofore. It is just about half
the lowest bid ever before made lor the service.
The object is, that they may be enabled, by having
something like a permanent contract for two
years longer, to purchase the necessary boats to
carry the mail themselves, instead of having to
pay the extravagant prices which they now pay
for chartered boats. That is the whole object.
Mr. SLIDELL. The manner in which this
contract has been performed, or rather never has
been performed between Cairo and New Orleans,
is a subject of a great deal of complaint through-
out the whole course of the Mississippi river.
As I understand this proposition, it is to allow
certain contractors to enlarge their contract two
years, in order to enable them to do, in that period,
what they have not yet commenced to do at all.
When these men made the contract they had no
boats, and I do not think they have ever pur-
chased one since. They have been receiving
prices more than three or four times greater than
the Government was before paying for the trans-
portation of these mails by transient boats. They
have given no additional regularity and efficiency
to the service. They do not own a boat. They
make their bargains as best they may with trans-
ient boats that pass by, and thus the same boat3
receive from the Government three or four times
the amount paid before. No arrangement at all
has been made for the performance of this con-
tract; but we are asked very flippantly to extend
it two years longer, in order to enable them now
to commence to buy boats which they should
have had at the time they made the contract. I
regret that my colleague is not here. He is well
informed on this subject. He has had corre-
spondence in regard to it. There are many rea-
sons why 1 shall not go into the question. If my
colleague were here now, I think he could explain
tho matter to the satisfaction of'the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 am able to
answer the Senator's questions. I have been in
conference with his colleague, [Mr. Benjamin.]
I do not go with the Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Sliuei-l] on this subject. Knowing that his col-
league took a deep interest in it, I have been in
conference with him, and I hold in my hand his
own proposition. My friend from Louisiana is
mistaken in some of his suppositions about this
service. The facts are these: In 1852 Congress
passed an act directing the Postmaster General
to establish this service. A contract was made
at the expiration of Mr. Fillmore's term, by Mr.
Hubbard, his Postmaster General, with Glover
& Mather. When they came to take the mails,
the present Postmaster General, who came into
office in the mean time, refused to deliver the mails
to them, because there was freight on the boats.
That ended that part of the law of Congress.
The year after that, the Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Drown] called the attention of the
Senate to it, and we passed another act directing
the Postmaster General to put on the service. In
six or eight months we were here again, and no
service had been put on in the mean time. Then
the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] and
I the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] and
! myself charged the Postmaster General with a
i failure of duty lie then said he had made a
! contract with the Central railroad of Illinois,
i We were hoping to get the mails; but the Central
I Illinois railroad said they never made a contract,
i and there is an issue between the Postmaster
General and the Illinois Railroad Company now.
; He was induced, after the expiration of more
i than two years from the time of the first offer,
! to issue proposals again for a contract. The pro-
posals were accepted. There were three bids,
! one for §329,000, one for $600,000, and one for
i $900,000. The Postmaster General acceptcd the
i $329-,000 bid which we are now considering. In
| the contract, the parties were not required to own
' or control a boat. They went on to perform the
service, beginning on the 1st of January last.
Vou will remember very well that, during the
first quarter, more than half the time the river
was obstructed with ice, and they could not
