1896.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
sary in the civil service, though, in my judgment,
it has been earned too far there. To apply such
a usage to the Army or Navy is utterly to destroy
the morale and efficiency of the service, and dis-
organize it entirely. According to my reading of
the debates, the reason on which it was originally
decided that the President had the power to re-
move civil officers—and it is a very strong reason
—was mainly that, as by the Constitution the
President was made responsible for the due exe-
cution of the laws, it was a necessary inference,
or a necessarily implied power, that the President
should have the authority to remove at pleasure;
or, otherwise, he could not justly be held respons-
ible for the due execution of the laws by the
administrative officers under him. There was
such force in the argument, that that principle has
been acted upon in reference to civil officers since
the organization of the Government. I admit
that the power in regard to the military and naval
officers must be derived from the same clause of
the Constitution, but in practice no such power
of removal has ever been asserted in regard to
them. It is every day's practice, and has become
a settled usage, that with the mutations of party
political grounds are sufficient for the removal of
civil officers. It has become a usage that politi-
cal displeasure on the part of the President is a
sufficient justification for the removal of a civil
officer, and you never inquire into the grounds of
removal. For the removal, according to usage,
the President is in no manner accountable to the
Senate; and public opinion as to removals from
civil offices constitutes the sole check upon the
abuse of executive power.
I can understand the necessity for the exercise
of this power in the case of civil officers, though
it is liable to abuse. The publicsentimentof the
country, whether rightfully or wrongfully, has
sanctioned that course of action by the President,
A removal by him of a civil officer on any of the
grounds which I have stated would not now
render him obnoxious to censure. If, however,
the reason of the rule does not apply to the Army
and the Navy, it follows,the reason ceasing, that
the application of the rule should cease also. An
officer in the Navy is bound to obey the commands
of his superior instantly. For this reason the
President can carry the laws into execution by
means of a naval officer without regard to his
personal or political relations. They cannot affect
or impair his ability to enforce the laws through
that medium. Military laws are a despotism in
that respect, and disobedience of an order justifies
the dismission of the officer. The cases are en-
tirely different; and if you apply this arbitrary
power of removalat will, without cause, to officers
m the Army and Navy in the same way that it
is exercised in civil life—and this course is justified
by the argument on the other side—the effect will
be utterly to destroy the character and morale of
both your Army and your Navy.
My second, objection to this law is, that it violates
the general principle of natural justice, that no man
shall be a judge in his own cause.
This principle is not confined to judicial action.
It is founded upon our knowledge of the natural in-
firmity of our race, and applies wherever human
action is concerned affecting the rights of another,
and the actor's own interests are directly involved
in his decision. On what principle is it, when a
seat is contested in this body, that the person
who holds the seat on prima facie evidence is not
permitted to vote on any question affecting the
rights of his competitor, though it is not a direct
vote on his own right? It is on the principle
that no man shall be a judge in his own case.
As a further illustration, I might refer to the
election of a presiding officer in either House of
Congress. Legally, perhaps, it may be true that,
if the successful candidate voted for himself, the
election would be valid: but what would be the
opinion of Congress of such conduct? If the
power of removal existed, would not any officer
so elected be at once removed from the office he
had obtained by such means? Would not the
general opinion—if not of Congress, certainly of
the country—demand his removal, on the single
fround that his general authority to vote in the
ody of which he was a member was restricted,
where his own advancement was directly in- j
volved in its exercise? . I
All these cases depend upon the same principle,
and show that it is not confined to mere judicial
action. The principle is founded on the infirmity
of humanity, and applies to the best, as well as
to the worst men.
Illustrations might be multiplied if necessary;
and I hold that the principle is universally appli-
cable to human action, where individual interest
is involved, and that necessity, and necessity
alone, in some few cases, can justify the slightest
departure from it without error following as an
inevitable consequence. I might be willing, as
an individual, in some cases, to let some men de-
cide questions involving their rights and mine,
where those rights were adverse; but, acting as a
legislator, I would never intrust such a power to
decide on the rights of others to any man or any
body of men, no matter what might be the purity
j and elevation of their sentiments, or the extent
of their intellectual capacity.
| I trust that this want of confidence does not
i argue an unworthy opinion of humanity. I be-
lieve, sir, that it requires a very bold, as well as
a very bad man, to perform a wrong action with
a consciousness of the wrong on his own mind;
and I also believe that ninety-nine out of the one
hundred wrongful actions of men are done under
that unconscious bias which is incident to the
infirmity of our common nature, and the deluding
power of human passions. I should be unwilling
to place myself in a position where that bias
might operate on me. As a legislator, acting
upon this great principle, I could never consent,
unless compelled by an imperative necessity, to
intrust authority to others where the same bias
might operate upon them.
Sir, if there be any member of this body who
distrusts the general truth of this principle,
strongly as 1 apply it, my reply is, that I think
he might reflect with profit to himself upon the
maxim of the Athenian philosopher, rVwfli ceavroy
—gnothi seavton. Does not the principle apply
to the tribunal organized by this law ? The law
recognizes its truth in the provision, that officers
junior in grade shall not decide on the qualifica-
tions and competency of their seniors. While
it recognizes the principle to this extent, it vio-
lates it in kind, if not in degree, by the mode in
which the tribunal is organized. Does not the
bias or influence which might unconsciously con-
trol the judge in the case of the inferior officer, as
applied to the superior, exist between officers of
the same grade, though not perhaps to*the same
extent? Seniority gives rank. Seniority gives
position. Seniority gives the right to command.
Let me illustrate this view, and I wish it to be
understood that 1 refer to no particular officer.
Suppose a member of the board stood number
fifty on the list of captains, I ask if his own per-
sonal interests are not directly involved, if his
own rank is not advanced, if he is not nearer to
promotion in the event of our determining, in case
of war, to increase the grades in our Navy, by
being advanced to number ten ? Is not his per-
sonal ambition necessarily enlisted? Will it not
bias him in his decision? Will it not urge him
on—perhaps insensibly to himself—to a greater
excision of those above him, than otherwise his
unclouded judgment might dictate? Is he not
practically, under such circumstances, deciding a
case where his own interests are directly involved?
If he stands number ten on the roll, he attains a
higher position—he occupies higher rank than if
he were number fifty. Do not we all know how
an officer values this? It gives him the right to
command all his juniors when he meets them;
and is not the right to command something which
is prized by every officer in the service? Then,
i3 not the principle as applicable to junior and
senior members of the same grade as to officers
of different grades where the law recognizes the
danger of the influence by providing that officers
of an inferior grade shall not sit in judgment on
those of a superior grade? No reason can be
given for its application in the one case that is
not equally applicable to the other. There may
be a difference in the extent of the bias; but none
as to the fact of its existence.
Again, take the cases of commanders. Was
not their individual interest involved in their
action ? They knew that a greater or less num-
ber of captains would be retired, there being
necessarily many proper cases for retirement—I
intend no illusion to individuals. If a member
of the board stood number twenty on the list of
commanders, the excision of ten or twelve of his
: seniors would place him in a position where his
chances of promotion to the higher grades were
greatly increased; and if a few captains were
retired, the result of his action on his own grade
would insure his promotion. Nay, sir, it might
be, as in fact it happened, that every commander
on the board, by virtue of the excisions made in
the list of captains as well as of commanders,
became entitled to promotion. The question,
however, is not what occurred in fact, but whether
] the interest of every member of the board was
1 not directly involved in his decision? If so, the
! principle which 1 have mentioned applies—even
i1 if the judgment of the board had been controlled
i: by facts established under oath—more strongly
j where the judgment is founded on mere opinron
without a hearing.
: | Sir, are not officers in the same grade jealous
on the subject of rank in the highest degree ? Have
I you never heard of life-long feuds in your Army
between its most distinguished officers ? I shall
not advert to names, but the facts are well known
to the country. Such feuds have been numerous
and lasting. Have you never heard of feuds
existing between different officers in the service
both in the Army and Navy, arising out of ques-
tions of rank alone—not grade, but rank in the
same grade ?
Mr. President, with the importance attached
to seniority in rank, and the right of command
incident to it, can it be doubted that individual
interest is directly involved where the junior
officer decides upon the capacity of his senior,
and the retirement of the senior advances the
junior in rank, though not in grade? The ambi-
tion of every officer in the service is involved in
i his seniority, as well as in his grade, and its
; deluding force cannot be overrated. Coteries,
II too, must exist in the Army and Navy, from the
effect of association and similarity of disposition,
and general tone of character. Enmities and
friendships must exist, and of necessity they
create bias, particularly when opinion, mere opin-
ion, is the rule of decision.
[At this point, the honorable Senator yielded
the floor for the purpose of going into executive
session.]
Wednesday, May 7,1856.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, when I yielded
the floor on Monday for the purpose of going
into executive session, I was discussing the appli-
cability of the principle, that no man should act as
a judge in his own case, to the tribunal constituted
by the law of 1855. The interest of the members
of the board in the result of their decision consisted
in this: that either the right of promotion, or the
extent of advance in rank, depended on the num-
ber of the officers who were retired or dismissed in
consequence of their report. This is a direct
interest, in my opinion, in the result of their own
action. The necessity for the application of this
rule becomes greater from the fact, that the law
gives no definite standard to guide the judgment
of the board in forming their opinions. The
! language of the law is, that they are " to report
! to the Secretary of the Navy the name and rank
| of all officers of said grades who, in the judgment
; of the said board, shall be incapable of performing
, promptly and efficiently all their duty, both ashore
| and afloat."
j Mr. President, in any profession, its members
i may well judge of the capacity of others for the
performance of the duties of their profession; but
a power to judge of their capacity to perform the
duties of the profession with promptness and ef-
j ficiency gives rise to too dangerous a latitude of
£' ersonal discretion. The honorable Senator from
ouisiana [Mr. Slidell] defines the standard
which the law imposes thus :
" It is his capacity to discharge, with a medium degrae
of ability, any duty imposed -upon him belonging properly
to his grade."
This definition is subject to two objections.
First, it disregards the word " promptness" alto-
gether; and promptness would seem to imply
something more than a medium degree of ability.
