564
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
It also confines the investigation to the capacity
to perform the duties of Ins grade. That could
hardly have been the limit intended to be pro-
vided. If the officer stood in such a position that i
it was ascertainable, from the knowledge of the
board of their own acts, that the effect of their
recommendations, if adopted by the President,
would insure his promotion to a higher grade,
I ask if it was not their duty to ascertain whether
lie had sufficient capacity to perform with prompt-
ness and efficiency the duties of the rank to
which he would lie advanced by their act, as
well as the duties of the rank which he then held ?
It seems to me that there would have been a
non-performance of duty on their part if they had
looked only to his capacity in the particular
grade in which he then existed. A lieutenant
ten or twelve years'standing ought, if he is a of
prompt and efficient officer when the time comes ,
for his promotion, to have sufficient qualifications
to perform the duties of a commander.
I think that the definition of the honorable
Senator from Louisiana is imperfect in this re-
spect; but assuming it as he announced* it, still
the standard is indefinite. What constitutes a
medium degree of capacity for the performance of
all duty, both ashore and afloat, in any grade ? j
Opinions would necessarily differ here. One j
member of the board might entertain the view j
that experience as a seaman, and length of sea- I
service, were the best evidences of the promptness !
and efficiency of the officer for the performance \
of his duties. Another might lay greater stress
on the knowledge of the officer as to navigation.
Columbus was undoubtedly a great navigator,
but for aught we know he may have been a very ,
ordinary seaman. Others with me, Mr. President, j
might think that the chief requisite for a prompt:
and efficient officer was that union of a strong
will with presence of mind and calm courage
which gives to its possessor, act when and with
■whom he may, a resistless and controlling influ-
ence over his fellow-men—combined of course
with sufficient knowledge of his profession and
an average share of general intelligence. In my
earlier life I mingled with, and was more exten-
sively acquainted with officers of the Navy than
I now am. I often heard the characters and qual-
ifications of the then commanders and captains
of the Navy spoken of. I often heard the opinion
expressed of Decatur, in comparison with other
officers, that he was no seaman, or was an indif-
ferent seaman, and yet I never heard any one
question his superiority and his excellence as an '
officer.
Afte'r all, sir, under such a rule it comes to this: ;
each individual sets up in his own mind a standard ,
by which he judges of promptness and efficiency. ; ;
The law, therefore, left too indefinite a guide for \
the judgment of the members of the board, to
prevent that bias which would necessarily arise j
from the promptings of ambition, personal disa- ■
greements, and personal partialities, on the part
of any board, no matter what officers might nave
composed it.
But, sir, there is another objection to the consti-
tution of the board in connection with this point;
and that is, either the entire, or the partial want of
personal knowledge, on the part of many members
of the board, as to the character and qualifications
of the officers on whose rights their recommenda-
tion was to have so serious an effect. On this ques-
tion listen to the opinion of the most experienced
officer in your service. In the year 1846, the then
Secretary of the Navy convened a board of naval
officers at Washington, for the purpose of taking
their opinion, as a board, on the characters and
qualifications of individual officers, with a view
to avoid the evils which arose out of the rule of
promotion by seniority. Commodore Stewart
was the presiding officer of that board. He be- !
came so dissatisfied with the course which the j
board adopted for the purpose of indicating their j
opinions to the Secretary, that he entered his !i
protest against it, and refused to vote in a single j
case. From that protest, I now purpose reading !
a few extracts, in order to show that, in fact, the 1
members of this board could not have had the
personal knowledge of the character, conduct, 1
and qualifications of their brother officers on ||
whom they passed judgment, to a sufficient ex- i|
tent to entitle the President of the United States I
I
to adopt, as a whole, their recommendation
read the following;
" No board of officers, however pure, is competent to pass
upon the professional and moral qualifications of any officer,
whether Jor promotion or for any other purpose, unless under
all the solemn obligations of oath to do justice—a close and
sternly inve<ii<>ati)n into uhitever demerits may be aliened,
aidet by all the lights of testimony in his behalf as well as
against him, and a patient hearing of whatever he may haee
to advance in extenuation or defense.
'• Our naval organization is such that it is hardly possible
that the officers composing a board could have much per-
sonal knowledge of the qualifications or disqualifications
of those whose claims for promotion are to be considered.
To illustrate this remark, I will state that, of the fifteen
officers whose names have been passed upou by this board,
I have no ptT'oaal knowledge of the qualifications of more
than two of them, although I have numbered mora than
forty-eight years of service, twenty-three of which have been
passed at sea. Most of them were unknown to me even by
name ; and as the remainder of the officers composing this
board average a sea-service of but eighteen and a half years,
it is highly probable that a majority of the board never had
an opportunity of forming an opinion of them from personal
knowledge in any one ease. Yet, notwithstanding this, this
board, by a joint and secret ballot, has recommended the
promotion of certain officers, to the injury of others, and
that certain other officers should be considered unworthy
of promotion altogether."
I rely with entire confidence on the correctness
of this gallant and experienced officer's state-
ment as regards the opportunity for personal
knowledge. I will not trouble the Senate with
reading; the whole of that protest; but I think it
would be well to calmly consider it in reference
to the action which ought to be had for the pur-
pose of amending the proceedings which have
taken place under the existing law.
Sir, 1 may be told that the officers who com-
posed this board were among the most intelligent
and meritorious in your service. I freely admit,
from what I know of some of them, and what I
have heard of all, that that is strictly true; but it
meets not my objection. They were men, with
the passions, the prejudices, and the partialities
necessarily incident to humanity. My objection
is to the tribunal which you have constituted,
and the mode in which it was instructed to per-
form its duties, and not to the individual integ-
rity of any of its members.
Would you as legislators authorize the Chief
Justice of the United States, stainless as is his
character, with all his high intellect, to sit in judg-
ment in a cause in which his personal interests
were involved ? Yet in such a trial he would have
a guide for his judgment in the proof by testimony
of substantive facts, and also recorded principles
and precedents, to govern his decision. The op-
posing party would be heard, and publicity of
action would be an additional safeguard.
Yet the law would inhibit a decision so made
oh the one ground of the principle I have stated;
and no legislator would dream of violating this
great principle from confidence in the personal in-
tegrity of the man.
How then, sir, can you wisely and justly in-
trust to any board of officers the authority dele-
gated by the act of 1855, where their interests,
their ambition, the ties of kindred, theirprejudices,
and partialities, gave such room for unconscious
error, especially acting, as they were compelled
to act, with so indefinite a standard to guide their
opinions and control their judgments? Could you
expect that they would not be liable to many
errors of judgment, both as to those officers who
were retained, as well as to those who were dis-
missed or retired ?
Mr. President, of all human passions, except
vanity, ambition is the most universal; and of all
human passions, except avarice, the most perma-
nent. It may not, like avarice, increase with age,
but its influence lingers to the very verge of the
grave. If you had expected to avoid injustice in
the constitution of such a tribunal, you should
have composed it, not of men, but of angels—nay,
under the deluding and overmastering force of
ambition, even angels must have erred. Spoke
not the great Cardinal truly—
" Cromwell, I charge thee, fling away ambition;
By that sin fell the angels ; how can man, then,
The image of his Maker, hope to win by't ?"
There is still a third objection to this law—that its
intent and effect were to remove responsibility and
leave power untouched; and power without responsi-
bility is mere despotism.
I have shown you that I made this objection in
the short debate which occurred before the passage
of the law; and my prediction of the action which
would be consequent upon its passage has been
literally fulfilled.
I speak now with no view to censure the ex-
ecutive action; for the intent of the law was to
lessen, if not remove entirely, executive respons-
ibility. I was satisfied that the course which
has been adopted would be necessarily adopted in
the execution of this law. Mr. President, men
rarely are willing to relinquish power, but there
are few that object to escaping the responsibility
which should always accompany its exercise.
What are the facts as to executive action ? On
the 26th of July, 1855, the board made their
report to the Secretary of the Navy. That report
remained in his custody until the 5th day of
September, and was then submitted to the Presi-
dent, with a communication, from which I shall
read two extracts. I doubt not that, whilst it
remained in the custody of the Secretary of the
Navy, he ascertained from all, or from some, of
the members of the board, the general grounds on
which they recommended the removal of individ-
uals. I doubt not that he also inquired into the
i mode in which their investigation was pursued,
and became satisfied on these points; but he aban-
, doned any attempt to review the individual cases
for himself. He gave to no individual officer, whom
it was recommended should be retired or removed,
a hearing or an explanation. Even apart from
the question of the examination of testimony,
every one can well understand that explanation
might have obviated many of the charges which
might appear upon the records of the Department
—might have obviated many of the rumors and
many of the hearsay objections which any board
would necessarily imbibe. There was no expla-
nation; there was no hearing by him as to the
individual officers on whom the recommendation
acted; but he surrendered his own judgment to
the judgment of the board, as better qualified,
only reviewing the totality of their action. 1 will
read the extracts. In his communication addressed
to the President, dated, " Navy Department,
September 5, 1855," he says:
" The great end sought to be attained by Congress was,
'to promote the efficiency of the Navy,' by removing from
the • active service list' all officers found incompetent to
do their whole duty efficiently and promptly, both ashoro
and afloat, and by dropping entirely from the rolls such as
are to blame themselves for their Incompetency. Some
mode, then, was to be adapted, and some persons selected
to.' examine' and make a ' finding' of not only the incom-
petent, but also of those who had become so from causes
for which they Were to 'blame.' The law, on this point,
speaks plainly and distinctly, tt does not impose this task
upon, or intrust this delicate duty to( the Secretary of the
Navy, or even the President. It does, however, provide
that the persons who are to perform this work shall be fifteen
' naval officers,' lo consist of five captains, five command-
ers, and five lieutenants, ordered by the President."
Again:
" And while I should be uncandid were I to say that I
shoald have formed the same judgment and the same class-
ification in regard to each individual precisely as they have
done, without a single variation; yet, so clear is my con-
viction, from my own officii knowledge, of the correctness
of their opinicin in a laiga number of the cases, and sucl) is
my deference to the judgment of the board, and their  u-
nerior.luiowledge of what renders an officer inefficieni.arrd
what constitutes real efficiency, that I cannot withhold
from their report my approval, rior advise you to do So, un-
less your better judgment shall make suggestions which
may have escaped me." •
This communication was made on the fifth day
of September to the President of the United
States. He held it under consideration for ona
week; and, on the 12th, there is the following
confirmation:
Executive OrncE,
IVaSHIKGton, September 12, 1855.
Si*: Having carefully examined and deliberately consid-
ered the report of the board of officers convened under the
" Act to promote the efficiency of the Navy," approved Feb-
ruary 28,1855, and also your communication of the 5tli in-
stant, I hereby express my approval of the " finding" of the
board, as set forth in their report. Proper orders will ac-
cordingly be issued in pursuance of the provi.-ions of the
law. FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Hon. J. C. Dobbin, Secretary of the Navy.
It is very evident that neither the Secretary nor
the President undertook to review the action of
the board as to individual cases; but they looked
at it as a whole. The President had not time to
do otherwise. The Secretary probably had the
time; but he certainly did not do it, because he
gave no opportunity for explanation to any officer
whom the board recommended should be retired
or dropped. Then, sir, the judgment of the board
