m4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
statutes are in pari iiuderie, so far as the subject of
this controversy is concerned. They all three
relate to officers and salaries—to officers discharg-
ing the duties of two offices at the same time,
and the regulation of the salaries in such cases.
Being So, the authority is well settled that they
are to be-read and construed together. The act
passed in 1850 gave §1,500 for discharging the
duties of Governor, and $1,000 for discharging
the duties of superintendent of Indian affairs.
These are well understood to be distinct offices;
but in this case the duties of both were devolved
upon the Governor, and he got both salaries.
The act of 1852 then provided that thereafter
any officer whose salary should be $2,500 shall re-
ceive no allowance for discharging the duties of
any oilier office. Then comes the act of 1854,
jmd gives a salary of $3,000 to the Governor of
the Territory, leaving upon him, as before, the
duties of both offices. I do not see how it can
be doubted that the act of 1852 then became oper-
ative in his case, and cut off the compensation
before allowed for his duties as superintendent of
Indian affairs, If this construction is incorrect,
the act of -1852 is a dead letter. It can apply in
no case. Maintain this construction, and all the
acts stand together in harmony, and have a ben-
eficial operation; but this is a mere repetition
,©f what I said the other day, and I will go no
further. So a court of justice would decide, and
we are to determine the question here by the
rules of Jaw which prevail in the courts. If an
officer of tlie Government has decided this ques-
tion against the law, it is our duty—not our priv-
ilege, but duty—to set the matter right, when
called upon to vote an appropriation to pay what
is not, lawfully due.
That is all "I desire to say upon that point, for
it was a mere digression from the remarks it was
iny purpose to submit. I wish to say something
more in reference to these marine hospitals.
There is a great disposition manifested of late
years, on the part of the General Government, to
draw away all its power to bless this nation;
or, rather, to deny the existence of such a power.
Ask for an appropriation for the improvement of
your rivers and harbors, by which our commerce
is to be preserved, and tile lives of our citizens
saved, and there is no warrant for it in the Con-
stitution. Ask Jo protect our own industry against
a ruinous competition with foreign manufacturers,
in order to diversify our pursuits, build up every
department of industry, and make us a really in-
dependent nation; and you say you have nopower
to do that. Make an appeal here for an appro-
priation of land or money to take care of the most
unfortunate of all beings—those whom tlie hand
of Providence has deprived of reason, and there
fs no authority in the Constitution. The poor are
freezing at the doors of your Capitol, and they cry
to you for wood, that fires may be kindled to
wurm the half-dead mother and herperishingbabes
into life, and you cannot grant that. " It is not so
nominated in the bond." But call for money, as
I remarked a while ago, in untold millions to de-
stroy the human race, to plunder our neighbors
of their property, to rob the surrounding countries
of their soil, to seize empires as a bandit does a
purse, and that is all perfectly constitutional. It
is treason to doubt it. The work of mischief—of
destruction, is lawful; but the power to heal, and
to bless ourselves or others, we have not, because
it is unlawful. That is not only the doctrine, but
it is the practice of the Government of late years.
I trust, sir, we shall go back to those old, safe,
well-tried paths; that we will form again about
the ancient land-marks of the country, and reas-
sert and maintain its ancient power to do good and
not to do evil, for that is the theory of your Gov-
ernment, and was its early practice. This Gov-
ernment was made to foster and cherish our peo-
ple—not to neglect or oppress them. The design
Was to establish for them a means of security of
happiness and prosperity—not to erect a great
fabric to crush out their hopes and their lives.
I wish now to make a remark in reference to
what was said by the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Phelps] on another subject. He is de-
lighted, as I understand him, to see an indispo-
sition now manifested to keep from your appro-
priation bills any matter of general legislation;
and he has his comfort in the fact, as he declares,
that thereby possibly we may lose the means of
reclaiming what is justly due—freedom to the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska. Sir, in the
Constitution of the United States it was provided,
and wisely provided, that money bills must ori-
ginate in this end of the Capitol; the object of
which was, that when the popular will was one
way, and the Executive department or the Senate
was the other way, the popular will might have a
lever that could overthrow that opposition, and
compel submission. This is the safeguard of the
Commons of England. Our fathers understood
its history and its value, and so gave it as a pro-
tection to the people here. I hope, for the ends
of justice, and for tlie promotion of that peace
which is the great desire of every patriot in the
land, if the object cannot be otherwise secured,
that we shall have a proviso appropriately placed
on some of our appropriation bills, at the right
time, restoring freedom to Kansas andNebraska;
and that there will be found nerve enough on the
part of those gentlemen who talk loudly about
freedom, to stand by their colors. I fear, when
the dollars and cents come in conflict with this
lip-love of liberty, of which we have heard and
read so much, there will be some yielding, be-
cause appropriations for some cherished object—
some light-house or breakwater of salt waves, or
something else—may be likely to miscarry. But
if there be that nerve which there ought to be, we
shall move the Executive and the Senate to a con-
currence with the popular will on this subject;
or, if they will not concur, stop the supplies.
There is a constitutional remedy—no man can
justly say that is revolutionary.
But to return to the pending question. I hope
that this bill will go back to the Committee of
Ways and Means, that those objectionable fea-
tures may be stricken out. Gentlemen are mis-
taken in their supposition that there has been any
log-rolling or improper combination in this matter.
This thing took place too suddenly for either, and
the imputation is unjust. Gentlemen have evi-
dently acted on their convictions of what they
ought to do. There were many of them opposed
to this taking away of the protection which it is
not only the practice but the duty of the Govern-
ment to extend to our seamen. Others were op-
posed to that other proposition to which I have
made reference. Some were opposed to one prop-
osition and some to the other, and doubtless
many to both; but when the bill was sought to be
pressed through without withdrawing either ob-
jectionable feature, its friends ought to have ex-
pected that it would fall, as itoughtto have fallen.
Remove these objections in any mode, and your
bill will pass without trouble, probably without
dividing the House.
Mr. BENSON. Is the motion now before the
House to recommit the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The motion is to amend by
striking out.
Mr. BENSON. I understood the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] to make a motion to
recommit.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Indiana to withdraw his proposi-
tion to recommit.
Mr. DUNN. No, sir, 1 adhere to my proposi-
tion to recommit the bill.
The SPEAKER. Then the question is on the
motion to recommit the bill to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. BENSON. If I understand the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, one ground which they
have taken has been that it is not the objection
to this clause of the marine hospitals that has
caused the bill to be defeated. Now, it, is very
easy to ascertain that fact. We have had no
vote upon it. Without assigning the reason why
that lias been so, the fact exists that no vote has
been taken upon that clause. If the vote be now
taken—as it has already been taken on the clause
pertaining to the salary of the Governor of New
Mexico, as to which the action of the committee
was sustained—if the House can come to a direct
vote on this question, and the bill be then put
upon its passage, we will ascertain what the ob-
jections to the bill are, and we can see whether
the House is disposed to pass the bill supplying
these deficiencies which the Committee of Ways
and Means have said are necessary to the oper-
ation of the Government. It seems to me that
we can act understaiidmgly on this matter, and
take a direct vote on this clause now under con-
sideration; and then it can be ascertained what
the objections to the passage of the bill are. I
hope that the vote will be taken on this question.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order, now, to offer
a substitute for the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order pending
the motion to recommit.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I desire to say a
word about that motion to recommit, in reply to
the remarks of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Dunn.] It is somewhat remarkable, sir, that the
gentleman from Indiana should have been one to
complain of this extraordinary legislation in the
introduction of this proviso in relation to marine
hospitals; particularly, sir, as the gentleman con-
cludes his speech with a very distinct intimation
that he is ready to have ingrafted on the appro-
priation bills hereafter a proposition to restore
the Missouri line, and when, in addition to that,
he calls upon his friends on the other side of the
House to come up, stand by, and enable him to
carry through a proposition to make Kansas free
territory. Now, sir, I cannot myself imagine
how the gentleman has ever got to the conclusion
that, where an appropriation is directly asked in
regard to themarme hospitals, aprovisoconnected
with the marine hospitals is out of order—is ex-
traordinary legislation; and how, yet, he should
have, at the same time, come to the conclusion
that a proposition to change a territorial law, to
restore an unconstitutional line, and to wipe out
the territorial law abrogating it, is perfectly proper
legislation—such as would justify him in tmpeal-
ing to his friends on the other side of the House
to come up and enable him to accomplish his end !
Mr. DUNN. Will the gentleman allow me ?
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly.
Mr. DUNN. In all cases' where tlie public
mind—or, more properly speaking, the mmd of
the members of the House—is tolerably familiar
with the matter in controversy, I have no great
objection to the course which the Committee of
Ways and Means has pursued in the present in-
stance, if there be any appropriateness whatever
in the proposed proviso to the bill. It is a sys-
tem which has long prevailed; and I do not see
how we can now very well depart from it entirely.
But here is a case brought up before the House,
on which the minds of many members arc wholly
uninformed. We do not see the whole extent of
the mischief it might work. Even those who
originated the alleged reform seem to differ some-
what among themselves as to the effect of it; and
therefore 1 think that the matter should either
be discussed in a subsequent appropriation bill,
so that it may be better understood, or that it
should come up here m the form of a distinct bill.
There ought to be some further investigation on
the subject. No doubt some reform is called for;
but every gentleman ought to act understandingly
before he votes to disturb this great charity—if
gentlemen prefer that name for our obligation to
take care of these unfortunate men. We are de-
parting from a long-established policy, and per-
haps putting in peril the rights of humanity and
the national character, with less consideration
than a jury of twelve men would feel bound to
bestow upon a controversy between neighbors
not involving ten shillings.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman from In-
diana is uninformed, and if other members of the
House are uninfoimed, in reference to this propo-
sition, whose fault is it' Sir, when the report of
the Secretary was laid upon the tables of mem-
bers here six weeks or two months ago, it con-
tained the very recommendation which has been
embodied in the provisoes of this bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. And the report of last
year.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes; and there was a dis-
cussion last year on this floor in reference to the
change which has been proposed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. Well, sir, in addi-
tion to that, when the Committee of Ways and
Means considered this subject, they prepared and
sent to the House this bill some ten days ago.
The bill has been printed, and members could
have had copies if they had chosen. If they have
not examined the subject thoroughly, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means are not to be held
responsible for the omission.
If, then, I say to my friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Donn",] he has had two months in which to
consider the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury containing the estimates of the appropriations
