2174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
perform the service. For what they performed,
they never received but twenty-six or twenty-
seven thousand dollars for the whole three months.
They wie only paid for the time they delivered
the mails, aiid no more. For the last quarter, I
am u • ihorizt'd by the Postmaster General to say,
tha: here's no better service in the United States.
They have performed it literally and promptly,
not iosins a single day during the three months.
How, what is the case presented here? These
gentlemen have come in upon a broken term.
The contracts are let for four years. They came
in upon a broken term, and their contract has but
twenty-one months now to run. They desire to
establish a regular line of packets owned and
controlled by them, and they simply ask Con-
gress to allow them two years more, which is
less than the ordinary term of letting contracts;
they binding themselves to own and control every
boat—fourteen m number—that will be required.
They bind themselves,in this proposition, to own
and control the boats, and do everything that my
friend from Louisiana wants done, lie, and 1,
and all of us here, have complained that it was not
done. The Postmaster General could not com-
pel them to do it. Here we propose to authorize
the Postmaster General to extend the contract
two years for the same pay, bein£ about half the
lowest bid ever before offered, provided they bind
themselves, with satisfactory secuiity to the Post-
master General, to own and control the boats
necessary to be run. That is the whole proposi-
tion; and it is the best thins for us. Now, here
is the proposition of the colleague of the Senator
from Lousmna, written in his own handwriting:
Provided, That the cont rfictin;? parties shall t'.stahlu-h for
said service a hue of first clas.-v pai-senirer steamboats
adapted to the commcicc between New Oilcan^ and C.uio,
wholly owned bv them, 01 po^jssed hy them underelui ter-
pained iran-fernnjj the enure eontiol of the boats to them •
PtoruletK That Tor each dav tliey fail to deliver the mad
undei said eonhaet, a penalty shall be fixed by the Post-
master Gemini On twice the amount.
We have conformed entirely to the proposition
of the Senatoi fiom Louisiana, [Mr. Bgnjiaiik.]
Mr. SLIDGLL. The explanation of' the Sen-
ator from Tennessee is satisfactory. Knowing
that my colleague luul taken charge of the matter,
I did not give myself trouble about it, hut 1
should like to ascertain whether, up to the pres-
ent period, these contractors have not trusted
entirely to tiansient boats on the river?
M r. JON KN, of Tennessee. They had the right
under tin* eoiitia< t to do so, but they have not.
They ai e now the owners or cont rollei s of six or
seven boats running fiom Cairo. They have
established that much of the line upon 'he meie
prospect of $320,000 a year for twenty-one
months. I know K is their purpose to buy, and
own, find control, all the boats necessary, and I
think tins is the only hope of our getting the
service.
Mr. YCJLICR. I believe that the arrangement
is a good one for the public sen ice.
Mr. JONK-S, of Tennessee. I think so.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am somewhat conversant
with the history of this matter, and, to make it
fully understood, must go a httle further back
than the gentlemen who have spoken. At the
close of the late Administration, M r. Killmore, as
has been staled by the Senator from Tennessee,
the then Postmaster General, Mr. Hubbard,
issued an advertisement, inviting proposals for
can yms the mail fiom Loius\ ille to New Orleans,
and fiom Ht. Louis to Louisville—all embiaced m
the same advertisement, and requiring daily ser-
vice in low-pressure boats. Under the biddings
he awarded the contract to the fn m of Glover &
Mather. When the present Postmaster General
came into office, several Senators, about eight in
number, I think, from the region of country di-
rectly interested m having this service well pei-
fornied, sent a letter to the present Postmaster
General, requesting him not to eairy the contract
which had been made with Mi. Hubbard for ser-
vice m low-pressuie boats into effect, for the rea-
son that low-pressure boats had been thoroughly
tried on the western waters, and the experiment
had entirely foiled. We further stated m our
letter, that more service had been contracted for
than was absolutely neeessaiy; and ourfears were
that the acceptance of the proposals of Glover &
Mriilun', to carry the mads daily jn low pressure
boats, embraced so much service that the attempt
to perform jt in the manner proposed would
defeat the object of the law altogether. "What
influence the representation, of Senators living on
this line may have had upon the mind of the
Postmaster General I know not; but he decided
to greatly curtail the service, and lessen the price
paid, and entered into a contract with the parties
I have named to perform it for the sum of
$297,000 per annum. They went forward arid
made preparations to execute their contract by
purchasing boats, building boats, and loaning
money to the owners of other first-class boats,
taking a mortgage oil the boats for its repayment,
with a contract that the boats thus mortgaged
should form a part of the line to perform the ser-
vice under the contract alluded to.
After having made all necessary arrangements
for the performance of their contract, and being
ready to commence operations on the 1st day of
December, 1853, the day provided in their agree-
ment, having no intimation whatever from the
present Postmaster General that he intended to
withhold the mails from them, and demanding it
at the post offices in New Orleans and Louisville,
the postmasters at each of those points answered
that the mails could not be delivered, becausc the
boats on which they proposed to carry it were
taking freight, or had freight on board. The
contractors continued to demand the mail for
some ten or fifteen days at the post offices in
Louisville and New Orleans, until finally the
Postmaster General, through his agent, waived
a further demand on the part of the contractors,
and told them that they could not, and should
not, have the mail, for the reasons before stated.
In this way the Postmaster General broke up
the contract awarded to these parties, and com-
pelled them to appeal to Congress for relief.
Their memorial is now on your files. It led to
the passage of an act that I will read:
" That the Fust (-omptioUerof the Treasurvbeinstmcted
to examine trie ckum ol William R. Glover and Thomas W.
Mather, and their associates, and a<eeit.uu and allow such
damages as they aie entitled to in justice and equity, in eon
sequence of the tefu^al of the Pnc.uini.sfe! General to carry
into etJeet the coiHKiet entered into between William R.
Glovei and Thomas \V. Mntherand the Po^tnnistei Geneial,
m 1833, lot the trans-poi tation ol the mail on the Mississippi
and Ohio rivers, and that <ueh damatios be paid to the said
William R. Glover and Thomas W. M.uhei, and their asso-
| eiates, out ol any money m the Tieanuiy not otherwise
I appiopriated : ^rorided, The  um allowed shall not exceed
| the sum ol «<JJ0,000.
] Tlus section, without the proviso limiting the
! amount, was passed by the Senate on the recom-
j mendation of the Post Office Committee, after a
i very full investigation of the whole case. The
j pioviso limiting the amount to $200,000 was in-
i sorted by the blouse of Representatives. Under
this act M"r. Whittlesey, Comptroller of the Treas-
1 ui y, entered upon a full examination of the case,
i The Postmaster General threw every possible
| embarrassment m the way of the contractors, lie
j called them to different points, fiom Pittsburg to
I JNew Orleans, under the pietonseof wanting to
! take testimony. Having vexed and harassed
| them in such a manner as to excite remark, even
j from his immediate employes, who were engaged
i in aiding the Postmaster General in this work of!
I persecution, he defeated all action by the Comp- j
; troller of the Tieasury for months, hy delaying :
! the argument that he alleged was necessary to j
; be made in the case. Finally, within the last six i
l weeks, a decision has been lmd, which gives to j
i the contractois the limit contained m the proviso i
j of the House. If 1 thought it necessary to a J
j more full understanding of this matter now, I i
• would read the able and very sound opinion of;
| Air. Whittlesey, but 1 will postpone it for some !
j more appropriate occasion. A full statement of |
: the case can be found, in the answer to a call !
i made a few days since, by a resolution offered I
by the honorable Senator from Tennessee, [Air. ;
, Joja:s.] Tins, however, is now a matter for the !
Court of Claims, and not propeily before the ,
Senate on this amendment. |
i have gone into this narration for the purpose ;
' of presenting the question, whether the contract j
named in this amendment should be extended j
two years longer ; It will expire in about twenty- !
one months. 1 am opposed to any legislation at 1
this time on this subject. Let the present con- j
tract expire, and then open this service for com- '
petition. We would subject ourselves to blame I
; and censure from those who are engaged in navi- |
i gating western rivers, were we to take this matter j
' out of the regular order of mail Iettings, and give !
it to the present contractors. My advice would
be, let this matter rest where it is. Execute the
agreement entered into with the parties who are
seeking this extension in good faith, and relet the
service to the lowest bidder in June, 1857, when
the present contract expires. By that time it is
to be hoped we will have an officer at the head
of the Post Office Department who will, at least,
execute the plain provsions of the plainest acts
of Congress, and thus relieve Congress from the
necessity of daily importunities for special legis-
lation, in order to get the ordinary postal service
of the country performed.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Formerly I felt a
greatdeal of interest in this matter, and had some-
thing to do with getting this service originally
authorized by Congress. I believe 1 was rather
more a party to it than any other individual
member of the Senate. I want my colleague now,
if he pleases, to give me an explanation in regard
to this matter. He says that for the last quarter
no service has ever been performed more effici-
ently and satisfactorily. What is the necessity,
then, of requiring these contracting parties to
make a different arrangement? Why the neces-
sity of this proviso:
That the said contracting parties shall, within a leason-
a"ble tune from thi«? date, to£e determined by the Postmas-
ter General, become the owners or the possessors, by char-
ters which sui render th€fexclu-ive contiol anft u?e thereof
of a sufficient number of suitable steameis foi the regular
and secure performance of the service ?
I have heard great complaints in regard to this
matter. These gentlemen came in and made a
bid, underbidding all the substantial companies
that made bids—Benedict and others at Louis-
villt^and 1 do not know who else. 1 have no
particular interest in them, but I knew them to
be able and efficient men. They offered to carry
this mail for a sum which most practical men re-
garded as about the least thatany company could
undertake it with a view to execute the contract
faithfully, so as not to lose much money.
This company came in, and bid a far less
amount, perhaps one hundred^ per cent, less,
than any one else; and they went on to execute
the contract merely by getting the mails carried
by transient boats, having agents situated at the
proper places to arrange for carrying them in that
way, just as the Government had formerly done.
When the river is m good order, with no fogs or
ice, they can get them carried in that way at a
low rate, and realize a large profit. I became
acquainted with the facts of the case by hearing
complaints from the owners of some of the finest
steamers of the West. They offered to carry
the mail for a sum which was considered reason-
able; but here a set of men came in, and made a
bid to perform the service for two or three hun-
dred thousand dollars. Anybody, who had any
knowledge of the subject, knew the service could
not be performed for that sum if the parties fur-
nished their own boats. They are making profit
out of the Government by employing transient
boats, as the Government did formerly. Of this,
the substantial steamboat men complain, I think
with a great deal of reason.
Now, if the service has been performed by
these contractois for the last quarter m the very
efficient and satisfactory manner supposed by my
colleague, what necessity is there for requiiing
that they shall get charters, giving them the ex-
clusive control of a certain number of fine boats?
I ask my colleague if that requirement cannot be
evaded with impunity? The Government may
know nothing about it; and the parties may enter
into contracts with the transient boats that pasa
along^the same as before. There is no classificat-
ion of the boats that they are bound to employ;
and why the necessity of it at all, if they have
cariied the mail satisfactorily within the last quar-
ter? Is there any security in this provision for
charters, that when the navigation becomes more
difficult at the season of fogs, of very low water,
or ot floods or freshets in the river, the mail will
be earned with the same certainty and satisfaction
that it has been within the last quarter?
I do not want to interfere with any project of
my colleague; but it seems to me that this con-
tract is but a continuation of the former system.
This company have bid to carry the mail for
$300,000, and they have carried it in the same
way the Government did formerly, by employing
transient boats for a stipulated price per trip.
They have managed, within the last quarter, to
