1886.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
amounted in fact to a final judgment as regards 1
the officers. I "'ill not say that it was a miscon-
struction of the intent of the law to so regard it;
but the President of the United States turned his
attention only to the general course of proceeding,
and, as he was satisfied with that, and the mode
in which the examination had been conducted,
he approved the report as a whole, without ever
ovestinting individual cases.
Thelaw, therefore, Mr. President, is obnoxious
to the third objection that I make—that it leaves
power (for the President alone could exercise the
power of removal, under the law or the Constitu-
tion, either by retirement or dismissal) without
a remnant of responsibility. Both the Secretary
and the President tell you that, being satisfied
with the general mode of examination of the board,
they yielded their judgment as to the individuals
to the opinion of the board.
It is said that the board was merely advisory;
that the dismissions and retirements were made
by the Executive—the former, under his consti-
tutional power; the latter, under the law. It is
true that the board was called advisory; but its
recommendations were in fact equivalent to a
judgment. It is said that the tenure of the office
is at the pleasure of the President; that he can
dismiss, by virtue of the power confided to him
by the Constitution, and the dismissal will be
legally operative; but if I am right in my con-
struction, it would be an abuse of power to remove
at will without cause, and a breach of the implied
contract between the officer and the country. The
law substitutes the opinion of a board of officers
as to the capacity of an officer to perform his duties
with promptness and efficiency, as a sufficient
cause of dismissal. The discretion confided to
the board was unlimited; the examination ex
parte; the facts on which the opinion is founded
unknown ;the officers dismissed or retired unheard.
There was no standard to guide the judgment of
the board, and each member might have a differ-
ent opinion as to what constitutes promptness
and efficiency. The finding, therefore, is founded
on opinion alone—I had almost said upon the
mere caprice of opinion. Sir, in reason and in
justice, opinion alone, as contradistinguished
from proved or admitted fact, cannot constitute
sufficient cause for depriving a citizen of his rights.
If it would be an abuse of power and a violation
of the rights of an officer to remove him from his
position without sufficient cause, whether by
retirement or dismission, then this law author-
ized and legalized an abuse of power.
Mr. President, this law has been defended, and
the action under it, on the precedents which have
been quoted of similar action, it is said, in refer-
ence to the Array of the United States on one or
two occasions. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] makes use of this lan-
guage in reference to this question:
" Such has not been oar policy with the Army. We have
reduced it several tines, by a mode substantially the same
as that which has been pursned here, frith this marked dif-
ference, however, that instead of a liberal provision for life,
the officers have been disbanded with a few months' extra
pay. The President has, nnderthe advice of a military board,
decided to retain certain officers; the direct consequence
has been the dropping of those not retained. The distinc-
tion is purely a verbal one; and if a different phraseology
had been adopted in tbe naval reform bill, its opponents
would have been deprived of their most specious argu-
ment."
I differ entirely from the honorable Senator from
Louisiana. The difference between the cases is
distinct and substantive, not verbal. Sir, there is
an implied contract between the officer and his
country, from the nature of the service, when he
enters into the Army or the Navy. Whenever
Congress shall deem a reduction or entire abolition
of the Army or Navy necessary; when they shall
deem that a certain number of the officers should
be dispensed with, or that, all should be dispensed
with, of course each officer's contract is subject
to the wants .of tbe country as regards the exist-
ence of an Army and Navy, ana the extent to
which provision should be made for the purpose.
In such a case, when Congress determined that
the Army, which in time of war had been in-
creased beyond what was necessary or consistent
with our republican views as to the proper extent
of an Army in time of peaee, should be reduced,
it was no violation of the contract with the officer.
He entered into the profession subject to that con- i
tingency as a part of his implied contract with his
: country; and he cannot complain.
' Further, when a selection was made of those
who should be retained under an act of Congress
reducing the number of officers, it in no manner
impeached the integrity or capacity of the officer
who was not retained. But when you suffer the
office to remain—when your law does not provide
for a reduction, but simply for the removal of the
individual, on the ground that he personally is
incompetent for the performance of his duty—are
you not then inquiring into the fact whether his
implied contract has been broken by liim in con-
sequence of his incapacity ? The inquiry becomes
individual; and the sentence which follows upon
the inquiry, if it pronounces the party incompe-
tent, or incapable of performing his duties, neces-
sarily degrades him. It is of necessity a con-
demnation. This is not the case in reference to
a law for reducing the Army or Navy; for when
1 Congress determine to abolish the office—retain-
ing certain officers, and suffering the rest to adopt
other professions—they pass no judgment what-
ever against the capacity of those who are not
retained. The best evidence which I can give of
this, is by reading an extract from the instructions
of the Secretary of War to a board convened in
1815, when they were about to act, under the
order of the President, for the purpote of select-
ing those officers who should remain in the mili-
tary service—the law requiring the number of
officers in the Army to be reduced. He says:
•' It is obvious, therefore, that with respcct to the field
officers and the regimental officers, as well as with respect
to the general officers, men of high military merit must un-
avoidably be omitted in the present organization of the
Army. It has not been, and it never can be, under such
circumstances, a mark of disrespect, or a subject of re-
proach. to omit the name of any officer; and the President
wishes it may be distinctly understood that from the selec-
tion of officers nothing more ousht to be inferred than his
approbation of the selected individuals, without derogating
in any degree from the reputation and worth of others."
Sir, is not there more than a verbal distinction—
is it not a real and vital distinction—where the
action is that of character, and founded upon such
circumstances; where the office is gone, not thq.
man removed for incompetency; and the action
of this board, where inquiry is instituted into the
capacity of the officer to perform with promptness
and efficiency all his duties ? It seems to me, that
the distinction has but to be pointed out to be
recognized as substantial in itself, and one which
avoids the whole force of the precedent which is
. cited to sustain this law.
In the discussion of this law, and the proceed-
i ings under it, I have not attempted to controvert
the decision of the board in any individual case,
i I do not doubt that in very many cases their
. opinion was correct; for I admit that reform in the
t Navy was essential. I equally believe that, in
S many others, their action was unquestionably
erroneous. I have admitted the character and
standing of the members of the board, and my
belief in the integrity and uprightness with which
they sought to perform their unpleasant duty. I
have condemned the nature of the tribunal con-
( stitiited by the law, and have indicated the inev-
, itable errors into which such a tribunal must have
: fallen. I have assailed, and intend to assail, the
j character of no officer who has been dismissed or
| retired. Indeed, sir, with the views which I en-
i tertain of this law, I have not read the petitions
j of these officers; I have not attempted to investi-
| gate the truth of their complaints for the purpose
j of determining whether individual relief ought to
| be granted to those who have petitioned, because
| I think that uDder the existing law it is not within
our functions to revise executive action in indi-
vidual cases.
But there are two cases to which (in illustra-
tion of my view of the law, and my conclusion
that opinion alone, with all its uncertainty, must
have governed the decision of the board) I shall
now refer. They are those of Stewart and of
Morris. Stewart was the senior captain in your
Navy, and Morris the next in command, at the
time when this retiring board was convened.
Stewart was some six years older than Morris.
Both were distinguished officers, and I mean to
institute no comparison between them in that re-
spect, except to make the simple remark, that
Stewart alone, of any living officer, had com-
manded in an engagement with the enemy during
: the war of 1812. No doubt the physical vigor
of each of these officers must have been impaired
' from the lapse of time; but I hazard nothing in
saying that, as regards physical and mental vigor,
Commodore Stewart was at least the equal of
Commodore Morris. There is no precise age at
which all men fail in either their intellectual or
their physical powers. Radetzky, at the age of
ninety, is in command of the armies of Austria,
and at the age of eighty he commanded success-
fully in the campaign against Sardinia. Stewart
was retired; Morris was retained. If I turn to
their sea service, I find on the Naval Register of
1855, that they entered the Navy with only ono
year's difference in time; that Commodore Stew-
art had seen twenty-two years and eleven months
of sea service; Commoclore Morris twenty-one
years and two months. The shore service of
Commodore Morris greatly exceeded that of Com-
modore Stewart; but as to sea service as a post-
captain, under their then commission, Commo-
dore Stewart's had greatly exceeded that of Com-
modore Morris; that of Commodore Stewart was
, fourteen years and nine months; and Commodore
Morris's but nine years and two months.
If I take the record, then, in that respect,I find
that the qualification which has often been ad-
verted to as so essential—sea service—was greater
■ on the part of one than the other; and Stewart
:; had performed, at least, one half jnorc sea service
! in the grade to which they both belonged. Sir,
!1 can the ingenuity of man assign any reason what-
ever for the discrimination which was made by
this board of officers when they retired Stewart,
arid left Morris on the active list?
I wish, now, to address an inquiry to myhon-
: orable friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin.]
I have been sorry to find that his unquestioned
eloquence and high intellect have been engaged
in support of a law which I think so objection-
able as the act of 1855. But I mn very sure that
it will always be his desire to do justice; and I
would now ask him for the authority on which
certain remarks were made bv him in the debato
of the 10th of January last. The honorable Sen-
ator then said:
"Commodore Stewart has been referred to. Now,I have
been informed, and i believe the fact to be, that Commo-
dore Stewart repeatedly reported himself as incompetent
to do duty afloat, by reason of his advanced age."
I ask the honorable Senator for the authority
on which that statement was founded.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My friend from Delaware
was kind enough to give me notice that he would
make this inquiry, and I have no difficulty what-
I ever in answering it. I would be the very last
[ man on earth to utter one syllable in derogation
J of the well-earned fame of Commodore Stewart,
j Mr. BAYARD. I am sure of that.
! Mr. BENJAMIN. I referred to what appeared
to me to be almost a historic fact, that during the
Mexican war, when it was necessary to send a
squadron to the Gulf, the command of it had been
offered to Commodore Stewart; and knowing that
officer's well-esta&lished patriotism, courage, and
ability, and knowing that he had declined the
command, or having heard so, I tookitforgranted,
from my knowledge of the officer and the nature
of the command offered him, that he could, by no
possibility, have declined it except from infirmity
resulting from advanced age.
When, however, my friend from Delaware
called my attention to this matter, I made inqui-
ries at the Department, and I learned there that
nothing remained on record, but that it was under-
stood at the Department that Commodore Stewart
would have had the command of that squadron
in the Gulf of Mexico during the last war if he
had desired it. The reason for his decliningdoes
not appear on the records of the Department; but
my friend from Delaware informs me, and I have
no doqbt correctly, that it was not declined by
reason of infirmity frpm advanced age, but be-
cause the Commodore did not deem the service
of any particular hazard; and considering his own
measure of glory and reputation full, he was gen-
erous enough to desire to yield some chance for
an officer less advanced in grade than himself, to
acquire the same laurels with which he himself
was already distinguished. 1 state that, as I be-
lieve it to be the fact, with the greatest possible
pleasure.
