1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iaoi
committees. The 100th rule, relating to the du-
ties of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, provides that—
" It shall be the duty of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds to consider all subjects relating to the
public edifices and grounds within the city of Washington
which may be referred to them, and to report their opinion
thereon, together with such propositions relating thereto as
may seeni to them expedient."
We have, then, another committee which is
entitled a Committee on so much of the Pub-
lic Accounts and Expenditures as relates to the
Public Buildings." The duty of that committee
is prescribed as follows:
" It shall be the duty of the said commitees"—
alluding to all the Committees on the Public Ac-
counts and Expenditures— -
to examine into the slate of accounts and expenditures
respectively submitted to them, and to inquire and report
particularly—
il Whether the expenditures of the respective Depart-
ments arc justified b> iaw.
"Whether the claims from time to time, satisfied and
discharged by the respective Departments, are suppoited by
sufficient vouchers, establishing thuir justness, both as to
character and amount;
" Whether ?uch claims have been discharged out of the
funds appiopnatcd thcrctor, and whether all moneys have
been dubur&ed in conformity with appiopnation laws; and
" Wnethcr any. and what, provr&ions are necessary to he
adopted to provide more perfectly for the proper applica-
tion of the public moneys, and to secure the Government
from demands unjust in their character or extravagant m
iheir amount.
" And it shall be, moreover, the duties of the said com-
mittees to report, from time to time, whether any, and
what retrenchment, can be made m the expenditure^ of the
several Department5;, without detriment to the public ser-
vice; whether any, and what, abuses at anv time exist in
the failure 10 enfoice the payment of moneys which may
be due to the United States tiom public defaulters or otheis;
and to report, tioui to time, such airaiigcmeuis may be
ncces«aiy to add to the economy of the several Depai tments,
and the accountably of their officeis/'
1 do not object to the introduction of the reso-
lution because of any unwillingness to have the
information published to the House; I do not
object to the information coming- here; but I do
say, that if this resolution be adopted it will lead
to an extended inquiry that will necessarily de-
mand the employment of an additional force in
the office having charge of these works, and the
consumption of much time to procure the inform-
ation asked for. If either of the committees to
which I have referred report to this House that,
after proper inquiries to the proper places, they
cannot obtain the information they need for a fan-
investigation of the subject, then I will vote for
the most extended inquiry. These are t^e rea-
sons for my objection to the resolution.
Mr. BALL. X do not dispute the fact stated
by the gentleman, that the committees mentioned
have the power to enter into the investigation of
this subject; but because they do not take it on
themselves to do this thing, it is no excuse or
reason for any member of this [louse to refrain
from doing what he conceives to be his duty.
Mr. PHELPS. Is not the gentleman from
Ohio the chairman of the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds?
Mr. BALL. Yes, sir; and as a member of that
committee 1 have looked a little into these things,
and the discoveries I have made have induced the
introduction of the nending resolution. I wish
the information asked for presented to the House
and the country, so that it may be seen how the
law has been disregarded and the public money
wasted.
It is not in order to discuss this matter at this
time; and if the House suspend the rules and in-
troduce the resolution, I will then tell some things :
that I am sure members have neither heard, read, \
1101- dreamed of; that is, if I am right in my cal- |
culations. j
Mr. H.MARSHALL. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 131, nays 25; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Bail, Barbour, Henry
fioiiiiett. Ijenstm, Bilhngliurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss,
Borock,' BrjuL-iiDW, Blanch, Brenton, Bioom, Bufiinton,
Burhngaine, Burnett. James II. Campbell, John P. Camp-
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caskie, Chaffee, dawson, Wil-
liamson 15. W Cobb, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cox, Crajnn,
Ctawloid, Cullen. Cumbaek, Davidson, Timothy Davis,
Dick, Dickson, Dodil, Durfee,Edie, Edmundson, Edwaids,
Ullirie, English, KUgler, Florence, Foster, Calloway, Gil-
bert. Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Harlan, J. Morrison
Harris, Samp on \V. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hickman,
Hoffman, Ilojlovvay, Valentine B. Horton, Hmrhston, Kuitt,
Kelsey, Kcnuctt, Knapp, Knight, Knowltou, Kunkel. Lake,
Letcher. I.indley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Meaeham, Kiihan Miller, Millward, Mor-
gan, Monill, Murray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Paine,
Parker, Pelton, Pennington, PeiTv, Pettit, Pike, Porter,
Pnnsle, Purvianoe, Puryear, Reade, Ritchie, Sabin, Sage,
Sandidge, Sapp, Scott, Simmons, William Smith, William
K. smith, Stewart, Stranahau, Talbott, Tappan, Tlionns-
t°n.-, Thurston Todd, Trafton, Tnppe, Tyson, Underwood,
Vail, Valk, Wade, Waketnan, Walbridsc, Waldron, Walk-
er, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkins,
Welch, Wells, Williams, Winslow, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth—131.
NAYS — Messrs.. Aiken, Iiarksdale, Bell, Hendiey S.
Bennett, Boyce,Caruthers, Chngman.Howell Cobb, Clause,
Denver, Dowdell, Eustis, Faulkner, Goode, Herbert, Geoiee
W, Jones, Kellv, Smith Miller, Millson, Phelns, Quitmaii,
Baffin, Taylor, Warner, and Daniel B. Wright—25.
So the rules were suspended.
Pending the above call,
Mr. TilORINGTON said; Mr. Speaker, I
have paired off my colleague, Mr. Hall, with
Mr. Pearce, of Pennsylvania, until the 10th of
June next.
Mr. GREENWOOD stated that by an arrange-
ment with Mr. Bcffinton, of Massachusetts, he
had paired off his colleague, Mr. Rust, of Ar-
kansas, with Mr. Hall, of Massachusetts, until
either of them arrived in the city.
Mr. KEITT stated that his colleague, Mr.
Orr, was unwell, and unable to attend the sitting
of the House.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIA-
TION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the unani-
mous conscnt of the House for leave to report
back from the Committee of Ways and Means
one of the general appropriation bills. It will
consume but a moment of time.
Mr. BALL. I do not object, if the bill is to
be immediately disposed of.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back the
Senate amendments to the consular and diplo-
matic appropriation bill. In one they recommend
a non-concurrence, and in others a concurrence.
I ask that they be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PHELPS Most of the amendments of
the Senate are merely verbal in their nature.
There is only one which involves any increase of
appropriation. I suggest, then, that the amend-
ments be taken up now, and at once disposed of.
The amendment of the Senate which proposesan
increase of appropriation is in reference to the
interprotership of the mission to China. The
Committee on Foreign Relations has reported
that the increase of the salary of that interpreter
be such as is provided for in the amendment of
the Senate. The Committee of Ways and
Means, not being able to report in favor of any-
thing not provided for by existing law, ore of
course forced to recommend a non-concurrence
in the amendment. I ask that the amendments
be taken up, and immediately acted on.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am willing that the course
suggested shall be taken in regard to these amend-
ments.
Mr. PHELPS. I move, then, that the House
concur m the verbal amendments of the Senate. '
They are mere corrections. I do not believe any-'
body can object to them. The amendment of |
the Senate which increases the appropriation in [
the item of the bill, as sent from the House, pro- i
vides that the salary of the interpreter to the j
mission to China shall be, instead of $3,500, I
$5,000 per annum. The increase is not author-j
ized by existing law, and the Committee of Ways j
and Means recommend a non-concurrence. That:
recommendation is m accordance with the rule
which we have adopted in these matters. It is
for the House to say whether or not there shall
be any increase, The other amendments are right, j
and ought to be agreed to. I
Mr. H. MARSHALL. This House has so ;
often departed from the rule alluded to by the
gentleman from Missouri, that I think it will not
find its conscience disturbed to do it again. I of
course know the fact as to the duties of this inter- i
preter. 1 do not know more than one American j
capable for the discharge of this office, and he is j
the gentleman who at, present holds the appoint- j
ment. 1 will state just here that we pay §5,000 1
for a tea-taster in China, whose genius lies in his j
appetite and in nothing else. This interpreter]
cannot get along respectably without that sum.;
I think myself that the House ought to divide
the office of secretary and interpreter. The
interpreter ought to be removed outside of the
political circle, within which of course the,com-
missioner and secretary necessarily are. There
ought to be no change in regard to the interpreter.
We cannot supply his place until we educate
another. I agree with the Executive that #5,000
is a very reasonable salary, and I am perfectly-
assured the Government cannot command Mr.
Williams's services for a cent less.
Mr. KELSEY. X object to the consideration
of these amendments at this time.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. BALL. I have no sort of objection to the
consideration of these amendments, provided it
does not come out of my time.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I beg leave to move to
suspend the rules to take up and consider the bill,
if the gentleman from New York continues to
object. It will take but three minutes to dispose
of this matter.
Mr. BALL. I have no sort of objection to its
consideration if it will not be taken out of my
time.
The SPEAKER. It will not be.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs have recommended this very resolution,
against which the Committee of Ways and Means
have reported; and now, the only question before
the House is, whether they will concur in the
amendment of the Senate, or not. All the other
amendments of the "Senate are merely verbal, and
ought to be concurred in.
Mr. KELSEY. Thisamendmentof the Senate
proposes to increase the salary from $3,500 to
$5,000; and I think that ought not to be done
unless an opportunity is given to examine tho
matter in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. 1 therefore desire to have
the bill take that direction.
Mr. PHELPS. I then move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The House is already acting
under a matter introduced under a suspension of
the rules, and therefore another motion to sus-
pend the rules now is out of order.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I suggest that the bil(
be recommitted to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and I make a motion to that effect.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope that di-
rection will be given to the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
the gentleman from New York made a motion to
commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman to submit any motion.
Mr. KELSEY. I intended to make that mo-
tion, and supposed I was so understood by the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. Then that motion is pend-
ing.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I request that tho bill be
recommitted to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The SPEAKER. The first question is to com-
mit to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. KELSEY. I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I move that the bill
be recommitted to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The motion was agreed to.
ACCOUNTS OF J. G. MILLER, DECEASED.
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ball] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. PORTER. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to yield to me a moment.
Mr. BALL. For one minute.
Mr. PORTER. I wish to offer to the consid-
eration of the House a resolution, in the usual
form, for the settlement of the account of my de-
ceased colleague, to which I hope there will be
no objection:
Resolved, That the Speaker of this House be instructed
to settle the account oI the Hon- John G. Miller, late a
member of this House from the State ofMissouri,for mile-
age and per diem, fiom The commencement of this session
to the 11th of May, (the day of his decease,) and pay the
same to Margaret Miller, his widow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
resolution.
