2176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16.
him; and therefore, I see no reason why we
should step out of our ordinary course of duty
and assume the responsibility of the executive
department.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There can be no
distinction in principle whether the mail is carried
from New York to Liverpool or from Cairo to
New Orleans. That circumstance cannotchange
the principle at all. You assumed to direct the
Postmaster General in the one case; you may
direct him in the other. The mail from New
York to Liverpool may be very important to my
honorable friend and his constituents; but I tell
him the mail from Cairo to New Orleans is just as
important to mine. We directed the Postmaster
General to make a contract with Collins. W.e
also directed him, by two acts of Congress, to
make a contract with'anybody who would do the
service for the lowest price between Cairo and
New Orleans. This is simply carrying out the
policy which was inaugurated by the distin-
guished Senator from Delaware and his friends in
directing the Postmaster General to make a con-
tract with Mr. Collins. We have as much right
to make a direction now as then. It is a simple
jiroposition. I do not think these outside ques-
tions have anything to do with it. The greater
proportion, and I had supposed all, of us who are
interested in this service concur that this is the
best chanca we have ever had, or probably will get
again, for a fair, reasonable, low-priced, good
mail service on the Mississippi river, which has
been denied us from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment down to the last six or eight months.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise merely to suggest that
it is impossible that we can now debate all these
questions as much as their merits might demand
at another time. If we propose to get along with
our bills, I hope we shall come to a vote.
Air. CLAYTON. 1 do not propose to continue
the debate, but 1 wish to correct an error of the
honorable Senator from Tennessee. I did not
inaugurate the Collins line, as the honorable
Senator says I did; 1 did not direct the contract
to be made; but if I had done so, there is no
similarity between the cases. It seems to me that
we may as well direct the Postmaster General to
go on and make contracts with all the mail-con-
tractors ill the United States. 1 hold the amend-
ment exceedingly objectionable, and cannot vote
for it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN". J am conscious of the
value ol lime, and I shall endeavor, as Jar a^ I
can, to piomote (Ik? object of the honorable Sen-
ator iYom Vuginia. This case appears to me to
amount to this: tlu: United States have, as they
very seldom do in such cases, made a good bar-
gain. Owing to circumstances that interfered
with the ordinaiy term of four years, for which
mail conf i fie is air made, this eontiaet—an oium ous
and expensive one to the contractors—is made
for only two year<5. The peat expense of per-
fotming it occurs in the beginning. If the term
is a very short one, the expense of the prepaia-
tion swallows up, and more than swallows up,
all the profits. There is no doubt we have a
right to continue a contract, and dneet the Post-
master (Jencial, if we please. It is merely a
(jiM-snon of expediency whether we please or not.
it tin Se men can perform the service fin $330,000,
had we not better secure the lxnefit of that eon-
tiaet than put it up to bidding, winch we are
asMited by our former experience will result in
a cost of six or rj^ht hundred thousand dollars?
It is quite natural that the contemplated contract-
ors, who want six or eight hundred thousand
dollais, may desire the abolition of this contract,
and the breaking up of these contractors who
have faithfully performed the service. They are
perfoj miius it, and they say, "extend the con-
tact to the ordinary teim of four years, and,
even with this diminished sum, we shall be able
to <?,o on and fulfill our engagement with the
Government. We have so far been able to do it
faithfully, and shall he able to do it faithfully
hereafter, w ith this indulgence." Now, is not
this a consideration which should guide our judg-
ment as a matter of expediency' Undoubtedly
we have the power; and it is expedient, in my
judgment, that we should exercise it in tins
cas><j.
Mr. CLAYTON called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. bLIDELL. By mutual understanding
with my colleague, this business has been in-
trusted to him. I had not madfc an investigation
of it, and I was not aware that he had given his
consent to this arrangement. Under these cir-
cumstances, I shall vote for the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yea^ 13, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Brown,Clay,Crittenden,Geyer,
Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Sebastian,
Sewaid, Shdell, Welter. and Yulee—13.
NAYS— Me?srs. Allen, Bel! of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Biggs, Bigler, Bright, lirodhead, JJutler, Cass,
Clayton, CoUamer, Evans, Foster, Harlan, Houston, Hun-
ter, Mason, Peaiee, Pratt, Pugh, Reid, Stuart, Toombs,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wright—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. YULEE. I have another amendment, to
come in as a new section:
And be it further enactcd, That the fourth section of the
act of Congress, approved the 5th of August, 1854, entitled
u An act making appropriations for the service of the Post
Ofliee Department during the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1855," be, and the same is hereby, continued for one year,
from August 5, 1856.
Mr. HUNTER. What is it ?
Mr. YULEE. It is to continue the usual pro-
vision which has been made since 1854, for the
recompense of the clerks of the city post office of
Washington, for the management and distribu-
tion of a large amount of free matter which passes
through the city post office. By the act of 1854
an allowance of one mill per pound upon the free
matter which passes through the post office, was
made. It was passed on an estimate made that
year, by which it was found that the amount of
free matter in the month of January m that year
was eight hundred and fifteen thousand pounds.
The allowance is limited to $250 per month; it
cannot exceed that. The cleiks there, I umlei-
stand, perform continuous labor in the post office,
with an interval, during the twenty-four, of only
two hours.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it to continue an existing
law ?
Mr. YULEE. It is to make the same provis-
ion which has been made annually for the last two
or three years.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well; let it go.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. YULEE. 1 have anotheramendmentfrom
the Post Office Committee.
An*7 he it Jurtker enactcd. That so much of the first sec-
turn of the net, appioved Match entitled "An act
m.ikni* appiopuatious tor the semce of the Post Otiice
Dep.utment liming the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
a- i elate*-, to the puvilrse of mail umtiactors in the
'Pes ritoi tes wemol the Mississippi uver, in establishing sta-
tions and having the preemption riuht ot pmehase theieto
when biought into in.ukei, be;, and the same w hereby,
extended to Jn.nl eoiitiaenn- in the Terutojy of Minnesota
east of the said met, to the extent of one bundled and
sixtvaeres to each station made in aceoidanee witli said
acf P)ovkU\1, That tin - puvile^e .-.hall only apply to .-,uch
eontt actois as max enter into bond, with good and sufficient
hineties, and in Mich amount as the Posim,i-te! Ceneral
max direct, obh mg them to peiioun >ei vice on the route
not les* tli,in four yc.irs, unless the eomiact be soonei
vacated by the outer of the Postmaster (ienerat.
By the act icferred to, the mail contractors in
Territories west of the Mississippi were author-
ized to enter by preemption, at the minimum price
of the public lands, a section of land at every
twenty-five miles distance on the route to enable
them to establish stations. This amendment
proposes to allow the same preemption to the
contractors east of the Mississippi m the Minne-
sota Territory, but limited to a quarter section,
one hundred and sixty acres. It is recommended
by the gentleman representing that Territory m
the other House; and the committee find no objec-
tion to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I offer the following amend-
ment, from the same committee as a new section:
And be it fuithcr vnurted, That the Po-tmastei (ieneinl
he, and he is, heteby, autlnui/ed to allow such compensa-
tion for the ^eivieeon toiue *•], b< tween Hauiluidire.
Georgia, and Appalachieola, Florida, as will not e.voeod the
amount of 20,001) per annum.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not this a private claim ?
Mr. YULEE. It relates to the current service
of the year, and is to enable the service to be con-
tinued. Tins amendment is in the language of a
bill which was leported by tlx' committee some
time ago, eoirsuh-icd by the Senate, and at the
time explained; but to which, just as the vote
was being taken, the Senator from South Car-
! olma, [Mr. Evaks,] unanimous consent being
necessary, objected. Upon subsequent consider-
ation, he has authorized me to say his objection
is withdrawn. It merely provides for the stable
continuance of service on an important route on
moderate terms. This is a matter which was
explained when it was up before.
Mr. HUNTER. Does not this provision pro-
pose to change a contract, and give to the man a
better contract than he originally entered into,
by means of legislation ?
Mr. YULEE. No, sir. The gentleman who
took the contract was about failing in the per-
formance of the service on account of the ex-
tremely low rate at which he had taken it, when
he was assured that he would be remunerated.
This was m the midst of the cotton season, the
business season on that river. The city of Appa-
Iachicola is the third largest cotton exporter on
the gulf, and was dependent entirely on this ar-
rangement for communication with the upper
country. The proposition is to put the service
on a higher rate, in order to maintain it and pre-
vent its falling through. We had exhibited to
the committee the fact, that the service has been
performed at a loss of $27,000 a year. In order
to provide for its continuance, it was proposed to
divide the loss between the citizens of Appa-
lachicola and the Department, and a contract to
be made for that purpose. On a comparison with
the amount paid in the neighboring States, it is
found that this service, at the rate at which we
propose to authorize compensation to be made,
is oolow the usual rates in that region of the
country. It is the only dependence for mail ser-
vice there.
]^. HUNTER. According to the principle
on which this claim has been brought forward,
whenever any contractor finds he has an unprof-
itable contract, if his neighbors will only back
him, and recommend it, he is to come to Congress
to appropriate money to make it better. I do not
understand that the Postmaster General has rec-
ommended us to give this man additional com-
pensation. We have no recommendation from
the Department; and if we interpose specially on
an appropriation bill in favor of a claim of this
kind, (winch seems to me to be a private claim,)
I do not know why we may not have hundreds
of other applications just as well-founded.
Mr. YULEE. It does not fall within the prov-
ince of the Postmaster General; but it is a just
claim, in the opinion of the committee. At this
stage of the session I have no desire to detain the
Senate.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. YULEE. Iam directed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads to report another
amendment:
And be it further cnacted, That thp First Comptroller of
the Treasury shall proceed to execute the provisions of the
ninth seeiion of the act of March 3, 18,m, entitled " An act
making apinopnations for the so vice of the Po-n Office
Dcpattmeut for the fiscal >car ending 3UtJi of June, 1836,"
m eonloiunty with the duee'tiom- of t*aid act, notwithstand-
ing the acceptance, by William J*. Diane haul, of one
month's cxtia compensation under i)N contract—the said
pauneni to bo deducted liom any further allowance, if any
he made, undei t>aul act.
i will stato the facts necessary to understand the
recommendation made by the committee. Under
the act of the last Congress, the First Comptroller
of the Treasury, under the direction of the Attor-
ney General, was instructed to inquire whether
the contract of William L. Blanchard had been
violated without any fault on his part, and, if so, to
assess the damages which he had suffered in con-
sequence of the violation. The Attorney General
and First Comptroller decided that it had been
violated without his fault. The assessment
was proceeding, when, as represented to us, the
claimant, being pressed by pecuniary embarrass-
ment, asked for one month's extra compensation,
,j to which he would have been entitled if it had
i been treated as a contract legally annulled. That
.j was paid, but under the expression of opinion by
Ij the Attorney General that his acceptance would
i operate to bar any further examination into the
■! question of damages—that he had an election to
treat it as a contract legally vacated by the Post-
;j master General, and therefore entitling him to one
ii month's extra compensation, or to treat ltascon-
tempiated by the act of Congress as a case for
;! damages. He accepted the one month's extra pay,
,1 because, as alleged by him, he was obliged to do
ii so by his circumstanecs. The committee, con-
