1302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
Mr. PORTER. Then I move to suspend the
fules to enable me to introduce the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, as the
House is already acting undar a resolution intro-
duced under a suspension of the rules.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Aseury Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed House bills of
the following titles:
An act for the relief of JohnS. Pendleton;
An act for the relief of Emma Bidamon.
And also bills of the following titles; in which
it-asked the concurrence of the House therein:
An act for the relief of A. S. Bender;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Rinaldo Johnson and of Ann E. Johnson, de-
ceased;
An act for the relief of Nancy Bowen and Sa-
rah Larrabee;
An act for the relief of Oscar P. Johnston, a
passed midshipman in the United States Navy;
An act for the relief of William K. Jennings
and others;
An act for the relief of J. Randolph Clay;
Anactfor the relief of John Hastings, Collector
©f the port of Pittsburg;
An act for the relief of Hannibal Faulk and
Eliza S. Collier, (formerly widow Scriher,) and
the hell's and legal representatives of Benjamin
Scriber, deceased;
An act for the relief of William G. Ridgeley,
and Hodges & Landsdale, or their legal repre-
sentatives;
An act for the relief of the heirs and represent-
atives of the late Robert Sewall;
An act for the relief of Anthony Rankin, of
Tennessee;
An act for the relief of the heirs-at-law of Sarah
C randall, deceased;
An act granting a revolutionary pension to Sa-
rah Blount/;
An act granting five years' half pay to Mrs. Ann
Turner, widow of Elbert Turner, deceased;
An act granting a pension to Mrs. Sally M.
Gunsally, formerly widow of Lyman M. Rich-
mond, deceased;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of George Mayo, deceased;
An act for the relief of Sally T. Matthew?;
An act for the relief of James T. V. Thomp-
son;
An act for the relief of John M. Mcintosh;
and
An act for the relief of Mrs. Jane McCrabb,
widow of the late Captain John W. McCrabb,
Assistant Quartermaster United States Army.
CAPITOL EXTENSION AGAIN.
Mr. BALL then resumed the floor and ad-
dressed the House for one hour upon the manage-
ment of the public works m the District of Co-
lumbia. His speech is withheld for revision, and
will be published in the Appendix. In the course
of Ins remarks he yielded for explanations to
Messrs. Florence, Keitt, and others, and con-
cluded by moving the previous question on the
adoption of his resolutions.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and being put,
the resolutions were adopted.
NEW MEXICO CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ibe to a question of
privilege. As a member of the Committee of
Elections,! wish to make a report verbally to the
House, in reference to the New Mexico ease. I
stated to the House some days since, that I knew
nothing about the case. I was not present when
it was decided by the committee. The sitting
Delegate has placed in my hands a paper which,
he says, submits his case to the House, and he
wished me to present it. He says in his paper
that he cannot speak English, but has prepared
an argument in English which he wishes the
House to have printed, and I think it only right
that it should be printed, ft is in the form°of
a speech, and commences. I see, with Mr.
Speaker.55 He handed it to me only a few mo-
ments ago. and I have not read it. I move that
it be printed, and that any statement which the
contestant may prepare, be also printed.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. Before the ques-
tion is taken, I desire t<> uty that I cxpect to call
up the New Mexico contested-election ease to-
morrow. The document just presented will be |
printed before final action in the case is had by
the House. At any rate, I mean to call it up to-
morrow. I have given the sitting Delegate two
or three weeks to prepare this paper.
The motion submitted by Mr. Stephens was
then agreed to.
LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. I ask; the unanimous
consent of the House to permit me to report
back, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
House bill to expedite the issuing of patenls for
confirmed land claims in California. I am in-
structed to report it with amendments.
Mr. PHELPS. What does the gentleman
propose to do with it?
Mr. MARSHALL. To pass it.
Mr. PHELPS. To-day?
Mr. MARSHALL. It is very short, and I
will explain it in a few moments.
Mr. PHELPS. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read hi extenso.
The first section provides that in each and
every case of a person or persons claiming land
in the Slate of California, and whose claim or
claims have been, or shall be, confirmed by the
board of commissioners, or by the district court
for the district in which such lands are situated,
or by the Supreme Court of the United States,
patents shall issue without delay to such claim-
ant or claimants, upon his or their presenting at
the General Land Office an authentic certificate
of such confirmation, and a plat or survey of
said land, duly certified by the surveyor general
of California.
Section two provides that the provisions of the
act shall not apply to or affect any claim to land,
where the grant of land confirmed shall equal or
exceed eleven square leagues.
Section three provides that all patents issued
for confirmed land claims in California, shall be
conclusive only as between the United States and
the claimants, and shall not affect the interests
of third parties.
Mr. PHELPS. I object to the reporting of
the bill, and i wall briefly give my reason for doing
so. The bill, as I understand it, would deprive the
United States of the privilege of appeal from the
decision of the Commissioners to the district court
and to the Supreme Court of the United States. I
may be mistaken m this, and I should not ob-
ject to the bill being reported and placed upon the
Calendar, where it may be examined. 1 desire
time to examine it, and therefore I object to the
reporting of the bill for the purpose of putting it
upon its passage.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of considering the bill, and
if it be in order upon that motion I wish to say
a few words in reply to what has been said by the
gentleman from Missouri.
The SPEAKER. Suggestions are sometimes
allowed by the courtesy of the House, but it is
not strictly in order to debate the motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. PHELPS. I merely gave my reason for
ob jecting, because I did not wish to be considered
as objecting merely for the sake of objecting.
Mr. MARSHALL. I desire to say to the
House in regard to this bill 
Mr. CRAIGE, (interrupting.) Is debate in
order ? I understood that the bill was objected to.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ha\e moved to suspend
the rules.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to debate
that question at length, but suggestions are some-
times allowed by the courtesy of the House.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will not ask any courtesy.
I insist on my motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. KELLY. I desire the consent of the
House to allow me to print a speech. I have,
for some days, been seeking an opportunity to
deKvesit; but as I have had no such opportunity,
and as I have to leave the city on Wednesday, I
trust no gentleman will object to allowing me to
have it printed. [See Appendix for speech.]
No objection was made.
Mr. DENVER. The bill which the gentle-
man from Kentucky desires to report is one of
the greatest importance to the State of California.
I know of no reason why it should be introduced
out of its order. 1 knew nothing of the bill 
The SPEAKER. Debate has been objected
to by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Craige.]
The question was put on the motion to suspend
the rules; and there were—ayes 78, noes 35; no
quorum voting
Mr. MARSHALL. I call for tellers.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Benson, Bilhnghursf, Bmd-
shfiw, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Bnrlingame, James H.
Campbell, John P. Campbell, Chaffee, dawson, Clmgman,
Collax, Corning, Covode, Cox, Cragm, Cumbaek, Timothy
Davis, Dickson, Duifee, Echo, EJmundson, Edwaids, El-
liott, Emrie, Eustis, Flagler, Florence, Foster, Grander,
Grow, Harlan, J". Momson Harris, Hanison, Ilavcn, Her-
beit, llofhnan, Hollowav, Valentine B. Houon, llughston,
Kent, KoNey, Kenncft, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Kankel,
Lake, Lmdley, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Meacham, Kiilian Miller, Millward, Morgan, Morrill,
Murray,Nichols, Paine, Parker, Peek, Pelton, Perry, Pettit,
Pike, Piingle, Purvianee, Puiyear, Reade, ltieaud, Ritchie,
Rivers, Roberts, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Simmons, Wil-
liam li. Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Stianahan, Tappan,
Thoimeton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton. Tnppe, Underwood,
Wade, Wakeman. Walbridge. CadwaladerC. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Woodruff, and
Woodworth—3 01.
NAYS — Mc?ms. Aiken, Allen, Bark^riale, Ilendley S.
Bennett. Blis^, Bocock, iJoyco, Branch, Burnett. William-
son It. W, Cobb, Ciaige, Ciawfoid, Culleir, Davidson, Day,
Denver, English, Faulkner, Thomas J D I^uller, Goode,
Ceoige W. Jones, Kelly, Letcher, Smith Miller, Millson,
Andrew Oliver, J'helps, Ihchard&on, Ruffin, Sandidge,
Samuel A. Smith, Stcwart,Tulbott, Ty^on, Vail, Waldron,
Wainei, Watkms, and Daniel B. Wright—39.
So the rules were suspended, twothirds having
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. MARSHALL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, then reported back the bill with the
following amendment:
Strike out from the fust section the words, " or may be,''
so that it will K'cid," and which claims thall have been con-
firmed and in the same section stnke outthe words, " oe
shall be,'-' in the same connection.
Mr. MARSHALL then addressed the House
in remarks which he has withheld for revision?
and will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. DENVER obtained the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will move to recommit the bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary, it will keep the subject before
the House, so that it will come up the first thing
in order in the morning. If he submits that mo-
tion, I will then move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. DENVER. I move, then, if the motion
will kfep the subject before the House, that the
bill be recommitted to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
The SPEAKER. That motion will keep the
bill before the House.
Mr. JONES. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
DON PIATT.
Mr. STANTON. I hope, by unanimous con-
sent, that T may have leave to make a report I
had left at my lodgings when the committee was
called on last Friday. I merely ask its introduc-
tion that it may be referred.
There was no objection.
Mr. STANTON, fromt^e Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Don Piatt; which was read twice, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
CUSTOM-HOUSE, ETC., AT CHICAGO.
Mr. WOODWORTH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to take up the
joint resolution for the enlargement of the cus-
tom-house, &c., at Chicago.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. WOODWORTH. I move to suspend the
rules, then, for the purpose indicated.
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under a suspension of the rules.
CALIFORNIA T,AND CLAIMS AGAIN.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Should we adjourn
now, the bill reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary will be the first thing in order in the
morning, and its consideration will consume the
entire day, to the exclusion of all other business.
1 hope the House will refuse to adjourn, and con-
sider the bill now.
Mr. CLTNGMAN. I object to discussion, and
insist on the motion to adjourn.
