1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
accordance with the true theory of the Federal
Constitution. Under our Constitution, beyond
all question, it is intended that such portion of
the executive power as selects individuals for
offiee, shall be vested in the President and Senate.
Then if an individual being in office is not to be
dismissed, but simply to be retired to alist formed
under the directions of the law, in consequence of
the exigencies of the public service, is it not per-
fectly appropriate and consistent with that theory
that the nomination should be made by the Ex-
ecutive to the Senate, and that upon confirmation
it should have its effect? Is not this the proper
tribunal ?
There is another reason in its favor. The
Senate, in reference to the appointing power, as
connected with officers, is meant to operate as a
check on the abuse of executive authority. That
is the intent of the Constitution beyond all doubt;
under the provision which I propose, that is its
exact operation. Further, it would have this
effect, (and that is also within the intent of the
Constitution,) that when the Executive nomin-
ated the officer for retirement, and the nomina-
tion was confirmed by the Senate, the door would
be closed against all intercessions of friends, and
all complaints and attacks upon the Executive
which might occur if the act were done by his
own personal power alone. Therefore, it has its
sustaining:, as well as its checking, influence on |
the Executive, which is certainly in accordance
with the theory of our Constitution.
When I drew the bill, I was not aware that
this mode of nomination had ever been recom-
mended by any Secretary of the Navy; but it
was suggested to me by a distinguished officer in
your service—not in your naval service—as a
proper mode to be applied to all branches of the
service. I find, on referring to the report of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, which contains an i
extract from a report made by that distinguished j
officer, Secretary Upshur, in December, 1842, i
that he recommends the same course. He i
states: |
"The only difficulty is in adopting the right process. To |
dismiss from the service officers who have committed no
po3iiive offense, would be unjust and cruel."
That is a condemnation, in his judgment of the
present law. !
" The nature of their profession is snch as to disqualify ]
them for nearly all the pursuits of industry on shore. Most
of them have been kept long on probation, and have been '
thus encouraged to expect that they would remain in the
service." ,
I come now to his proposition:
" i propose, therefore, that, whenever the Secretary of ,
the Navy "—
I have designated the President instead of the
Secretary of the Navy—
" shall be of opinion that an officer is unfit for the service, he
shall be required to present his name to the Senate for fur-
lough, stating fully, if required so to do, the reasons for that
opinion. If the Senate, after such inquiry as it may choose
to institute, shall concur with him, the officer shall be put
on furlough upon a certain proportion (say one half) of his
pay, and be considered out of the service. In this way, the J
same power that appoints will remove; and the act, re- !
eeivinp the sanction of the Senate, will be placed above the 1
suspicion of injustice or oppression."
This was the recommendation made in 1842,
and I think it would have been well for the naval
service if it had been followed out in the enactment
of 1855. I suggest it now as the appropriate
remedy. I suggest now a permanent retired list,
limited in number; for a limitation is essentia],
and a permanent retired list is the true mode for
gradual reform in the Navy, and violent remedies
never attain any beneficial result.
There are other sectiorts in the bill which I pro-
pose as a substitute; but as they accord with the
.bill of the committee, I leave their defense, as I
have already occupied a great deal of time, to
the honorable chairman of the committee when
his own bill shall come up. I suppose we shall
not differ about those provisions. My bill evi- 1
dently requires one or two verbal alterations; and !
I dare say, from my want of knowledge of the
details of the naval system, that many other
amendments might be proposed beneficially.
The bill reported by the Committee on Naval
Affaire, in the event of the officers who have been
dismissed or retired being: reappointed by the |
President, and restored to the active list, (which
it gives to the executive authority to do,) pro-
vides for a suspension of the law limiting the
number of captains, if the limited number shall be
exceeded in consequence of restorations. I have
|| followed the principle of that provision. I sup-
> pose it was intended to do justice to those officers
' who, under the existing law, had been nominated
to the Senate for promotion. I am willing to
accede to that proposition, and I have provided,
in different language, that if those nominations
which have been already made by the President
shall be confirmed, the law limiting the number
of officers shall be suspended as to them, but that
personalities and individual character, in a manner calcu-
lated to producc irritation and bad feeling. When I spoke
before, I disclaimed any intention of that kind; and I be-
lieve the records of the Senate will verify the fact, that X
not only disclaimed it, but that, in point ol' truth, my former
remarks are not liable to such a construction."
Mr. President, lam bound to believe the inten-
tions of the honorable Senator to be as he has
stated them; but I can reconcile that statement
with the facts in no other mode than by suppos-
ing that the structure of the mind of this " child
of nature," as he designates himself, must be
different from the structure of the minds of ordi-
', nary men. Long before my colleague made his
, speech in executive session, which really assailed
. no new promotions shall be made until each grade 1J no one, the Senator from Texas had made a call
be reduced to the number which the law imposes ■, for papers which had no relevancy to the pro-
as the limit. i' eeedings of the board, and which could have had
j I believe that 1 have now made all the expla- 1 j no other object than that of attack upon the
j nation which it is necessary for me to make, in ' character of four or five members of the board,
i j reference to the provisions of the bill which I in- ,; Afterwards, in the first speech made by the Sena-
! tend to propose as a substitute, and 1 shall dis- : tor from Texas, not only as to Captain Du Pont
i; miss that subject with one further remark. One
! of the strongest reasons, in addition to the objec-
I, tions which I have urged to the law and the
j erroneous construction which has been given to
I it, why you should adopt the plan that I propose,
j is, that the Executive of the united States, when
j the report of this board of officers was made to
; him, declined to enter into any examination of
i the individual cases, but confirmed the report as
1 a whole. For this reason, it is not probable that
the Executive would be willing to enter upon the
examination of those cases in the spirit in which
they ought to be investigated, if you refer the
matter entirely to executive discretion; but if, on
the contrary, the provision which I contemplate
be adopted by Congress, the President will have
the full advantage of the report made by the
l board; it will have with him all the weight to j
| which it is justly entitled; and he will nominate [
1 to the Senate all the officers in that report recom- I
j mended for retirement,unless where he finds that J
| exceptions ought to be made. When such nom- j
j inations come before us, and the officer is satis- '<
I fied, the retirement will be confirmed of course;
but if he objects, he will have a right to interpose !
his objections, and, on sufficient inquiry, we shall
J either reject or confirm his retirement.
I It seems to me, therefore, that if our design is
! to do justice in these individual cases, we cannot,
by inquiry here in a committee, contrary to our
functions under the existing law, do it with
. any hope of success; but if you pass a general
, bill on the footing which I mention, then, on the
nominations of the President, the cases will come
before us fairly. All the nominations will be
made by him forthe reform of the Navy, which,
from his knowledge of the necessity of reform
and giving the opinion of the board its full weight,
he may deem necessary for the exigencies of the
! public service.
which he now attempts to justify on the ground
j that my colleague delivered a previous eulogy on
j him—but as to other officers of the service who
had not been mentioned by my colleague, he
seems to have searched out the records of their
whole official lives; and he brought the subject
before the Senate wherever he supposed their
acts were open to condemnation, and held them
up to reproach and ridicule. Nav, sir, not satis-
fied with the investigation of official records he
obtained private correspondence for the purpose
of personal attack. In reference to one of the
most distinguished members of the board, and
with a view to operate on the characters of the
other officers, he imputed to Commodore Perry
the declaration that he had called them a cabal—
that he had spoken of their acts as acts of mon-
strous injustice. To prove this, the Senator re-
sorts to an anonymous letter, and asserts that it
is to be accredited because Commodore Perry
had never seen fit to notice that communication
in a newspaper, or give any denial to the state-
ments contained in it.
1 am content to leave to the judgment of those
! who heard, or may have read, the first speech
made by the honorable Senator, in reference to
J this question, whether, from its beginning to its
end, it did anything else than " drag into the
debate personalities and individual character in a
manner calculated to produce irritation and bad
feeling?" and I may add, to an extent calcu-
lated to defeat the Senator's presumed object
of revising the action of the naval board, as ap-
proved by the President, where it had operated
unjustly.
I come now, sir, to some specific statements of
the Senator from Texas, towards whom I may
say that I have no feelings but those of kindness;
but, so far as his attack is made upon my own
constituent and friend, it is a duty from which I
There is one other argument which I shall !i cannot shrink, to repel and refute unjust and un-
notice before proceeding to those parts of my !i sustainable aspersions upon his conduct and
remarks which are rendered necessary in conse- 1 character. Attacks upon others I leave to those
quence of the speech of the honorable Senator ; who are far more competent than myself to
from Texas, [Mr. Houston.] It has been said answer.
that the provision which is made by the law for ' | The Senator stated in his last remarks that there
the retired officers is more liberal than similar pro- j| was a question of veracity between himself and
visions made by the laws of any other country. I i! me as to whether an insult had been offered to
: concede it; but that answers not my objection. If
the officer is retired without sufficient cause, it is
no answer to the injustice of the act, that there is
a liberal provision made for officers properly re-
tired , when the tribunal which you have instituted
for the purpose of determining the individuals
who are to come within that provision has such
fatal objections to it as I have endeavored to urge
i before the Senate.
I proceed now to reply to some portion of the
remarks of the honorable Senator from Texas.
This is not an agreeable duty, but it is one which
I owe to a friend and constituent. I regret that
I the Senator is not now present; but I cannot per-
i mit the arrow of the retreating Parthian to rankle
: in the wound which it ha^inflicted, awaiting the
uncertainty of his return. My remarks shall be as
brief as lean possibly make them in reference to the
charges preferred by the Senator from Texas. In
j the opening part of the speech delivered by him
: on the 23d and 24th days of April, he said:
" Sir, I have been charged with dragging into this debate
Captain Smith by Lieutenant Du Pont, through
the medium of the letter which he wrote to him
on board the Ohio in 1839. I understand language
differently from the Senator- I do not see how
any question of veracity exists between us. If
j the facts were dependent on our personal knowl-
i edge, it would be a question of veracity; and I
j settle no questions of veracity in this Hall. Sir,
j the whole facts are on the public records before
us. The Senator places a different interpreta-
j tion on the letter addressed to Lieutenant Du
| Pont to Captain Smith from what I place upon
I it; and it is for the Senate to decide which is
the correct interpretation. That involves no
question of veracity. It involves the question
of judgment; it may involve the question of jus-
tice; it may involve the question of the propriety
or impropriety of the attack made on Lieutenant
Du Pont by the language of the honorable Sen-
ator.
Now I propose to show wherein the injustice
consists; ana to make a sufficient statement to
