THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, AUGUST 18, 1856.
New Series. .. .No. 137.
sidering that in any event he would, have been
entitled to that compensation, and thinking it
would have been a hard measure of justice to
enforce upon him the technical point raised by
the Attorney General, decided that, notwithstand-
ing the acceptance of that one month's extra com-
pensation, the Comptroller should proceed in the
manner directed by the law to assess the damages,
and if he found any greater amount of damages
than the sum which has already been paid, to pay
it, notwithstanding the acceptancc of the one
month's extra compensation. We deemed itjust
and equitable that Congress should exercise this
discretion and mercy towards the claimant.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no doubt if we were
to search the Calendar we could find a dozen
private claims just as much entitled to go on an
appropriation bill as this one. This is no place
for it; it is a matter for separate legislation, and
I hope it will be voted down on this bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. X hope not. There have
been too many amendments of various charactcis
and descriptions to this bill for any nice discrim-
ination now to be taken to the disadvantage of
this claimant. It properly and fairly belongs here
in my judgment. At any rate the question can
be disposed of at once, and no time need be
wasted. The committee report, after having ex-
amined all the circumstances, that they find the
claim just. If any just claim is before this body,
this is one. It is only to have a settlement which
the man, with hope deferred until his heart has
been made sick and he ruined, has been waiting
for; and it is now entangled and interrupted by
the simple fact, that by a misconstruction of the
jaw, the Attorney General is supposed to have
been connected with the Comptroller in the as-
sessment of damages. The question of law which
has been referred to him has been settled by him,
and now we only want the Comptroller to go on
and pay what he finds to be duo. You know
his chaiacter for fidelity as a guardian'of the
Treasury.
Mr. YULEE. In vindication of the commit-
tee, I desire to refer to the rules to yliow that this
amendment is properly applied to this bill, and
is not excluded for the reason which the Senator
from Virginia has stated.
The 30th rule provides that—
No amendment sdmll be K'cciuh] the object i>f which
in topiovule for a piivate claim, unirs- ir In- t<> caitv out
the piovi&ion^ of an e voting law or a tieaty stipulation "
This is to carry out the provision of an exist-
ing law, and strictly entitled to be put on this
bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot assent to the argu-
ment of the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
lhat because (supposing the fact to be so) the
Senate have put on this bill amendments winch
ought not properly to be there, we should not
discriminate m the future. The substance of that
argument is, that if you have done wrong in two
or three or four or five cases, you ought to per-
sist in it. I do not hold to tluUdoomue. I think
this system is a great evil, that claims, strictly
private claims, are kept back until we have no
time to examine them. I know nothing about
this claim, except that it is a compensation to
some private individual on some contract. They
are kept back until there is no time to discuss
them. You are abandoning the whole system of
examining claims by tacking them to appropria-
tion bills. I will vote against all of them that are
attempted to be tacked on appropriation bills.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. My friend from Dela-
ware misunderstands the nature'of the ense. We
do not ask the Senate to allow any claim what-
ever. This amendment is to carry out existing
legislation, by which you referred to the Comp-
troller the settlement of a claim. You refer to
the Comptroller and the Attorney General, as re-
garded the point of law, as I understand, whether
the contract had been violated without cause, and
it is determined that the contract has been vio-
lated without cause. All that remains is to make
the investigation whether there is any claim or
not. The law provides that it shall be carried
137
out, and this is to carry out that provision of.
law.
Mr. BAYARD. It is legislation for a private
claim on a general appropriation bill, at any rate.
If it was not, of course it would not be necessary
to pass it at all.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DURKEE. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads have authorized me to offer 1
this amendment: |
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Comptroller of the ;
Ticaeurj he, anil he is hereby, required to adjust the dam- i
due to Kdwaid II. Carmick and Albert O. Rainr-ey, on !
account ot the abiogation, bv the Postmaster General, of i
then contract to cany the mail on the Vera Ciuz. Acapulco, i
and San Francisco joute, dated February lo, and to [
adjudge and awaid to them, according to the pimciples of J
law, equity, and justice, the amount so found due ; and the (
iSecreta.!} of the Treasury is lierebj required to pay the >
same to the saul ('iinnu-k and Ramsey, out of any money ,
m the Treasuiynot oiheiwisse appiopnatod. ;
Mr. HUNTER, fs not that a private claim? j
It is to adjust the claim of two individuals on :
some contract. 1
Mr. ADAMS. The same question came up
at the last session, and the Senate determined on
the very same bill that the provision should be :
entertained and passed. The question has already ;
been adjudicated and settled. I
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair \
entertains doubt. He will submit the question i
to the Senate. Senators who are in favor of j
receiving the amendment under the rule will say
"ay;" those of the contrary opinion will say
" no."
The question being taken on a division, there
were—aves 13, noes 12—no quorum voting.
Air. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, result-
ed—yeas 25, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Mos r«. Adams', Jletl of New Ilamp^uiv, Rell
of Tenne-;-.ce, Hrown. Oollantei, Crittenden, Dodge, Doug-*
la>, Puikee, FiMi, Foot, Fo-ter, Geyer, Hale, Harlan,
nou-ton, James, Jones of Iowa, Mallon , Sewaid,Toomb.s, j I
Wade, Weller, Wilson, and Wnghi—i
NAYS—Me^rs. Allen, Kayaid, Riggs, Biffler, Brodhead, 1
Butlei. Ca^, Clay, Evans, Hunter, Mason, 1'iatt, Pusrh,
IJ'-'id. ricb.istian, tfhdoll,Thompsonot lvcntucky,Tiumbul!, ,
and Vulce—19. ;
So the amendment was received; and the ques- :
tit hi was stated to be on its adoption. ]
Mr. YULEE. I owe it to myself to say that \
I did not appiove of this amendment. In my j
opinion, not a dollar is owing by the Govern- j
ment to these parties. I think there is no claim I
whatever on the Government for any damages. [
A conditional contract only was made, not to go j
into effect, or to have any operation, until ap- j
proved by Congress. It never has been so :
approved; and I do not think anything has oc- j
curred, on the part of any officer of the Govern-
ment, which justly involves the Treasury of this
Government'111 any responsibility for damages
to these parties. It is too late now to go into :
any discussion. I can only express my opinion.
Mr. DURKEE. I had the honor of submitting
to this body, a few days since, a detailed report
on this subject; but as our time is somewhat lim-
ited, I will not detain the. Senate by reading it,
but content myself by stating briefly the outlines
j of this case. In 1853, representations were made
! to the Postmaster General that a safe and more
; expeditious mail route might be established bc-
■ tween New Orleans and San Francisco, by way
' of Vera Cruz and Acapulco, than the present one
i by Panama; that the service could be sustained
! at much less expense, and the transit made 111 ten
i days less time, between our Pacific possessions
i and the great Atlantic cities of the eastern States.
1 These considerations induced the Postmaster
i' General to advertise for proposals to carry a semi-
monthly mail on this proposed route. Bids were
j! received, and the contract awarded to Messrs.
!; Ramsey and Carmick. The contract was made,
!' I think, some time in February or March, with
1 Mr. Hubbard, just before he was succeeded by
>! Mr. Campbell. The compensation for this ser-
i; vice was to be $424,000 per annum. The Senator
from Florida has correctly stated that this con-
li tract was conditional; but it was conditional only
because the Postmaster General was not willing;
to take the responsibility of so large a contract
without submitting it to the consideration of Con-
gress for their approval. The contractors imme-
diately'thereafter entered upon the preliminary
measures necessary to carry it into enect. They
invested a large amount of money in horses,
mules, coaches, wagons, harness, and incurred
considerable expense in obtaining a charter and
right of way of the Mexican Government, and in
the opening of roads between the two oceans.
They actually commenced and performed several
trips; thus demonstrating the practicability and
utility of this great enterprise. It was hailed by
many of our public journals as a high and merit-
orious achievement.
The complaint made by the contractors, who
are now asking us to redress their grievance, id
this: that the Postmaster General failed to spread
these facts before Congress, which met in Decem-
ber following. To his neglect of doing what they
conceive to have been imperatively his duty in
this respect, they attribute the failure of Congress
to make the necessary appropriation for the sup-
port of this measure. The want of this appro-
priation resulted in the failure of the project, and
m serious loss and disaster to the contractors.
Mr. HALE. 1 desire to ask my friend from
Wisconsin a question. I desire to know if it is
not the fact, that the Postmaster General disap-
proved of the contract, and refused to let the con-
tractors have the mail before Congress met?
Mr. DURKEE. He did disapprove of the
contract, and gave orders to the several post-
masters on the route not to deliver the mails
until they should receive further instructions.
Mr. HALE. Before Congress met, he, of his
own accord, undertook to set the contract aside.
Mr. DURKEE. That was so, to a certain
extent, as will appear by reference to his letter
of July 9, 1853, which I will soon read as quoted,
in connection with his report to Congress.
The memorialists further state, that the Post-
master General has not only failed to represent
what they had done in the premises, but actually
misrepresented them to Congress, either from
mistake or some other cause. The testimony on
tins point is very clear. It is embraced in the
Postmaster General's report, and the published
correspondence between him and the contractors,
already before us. With the indulgence of the
Senate 1 will read what the Postmaster General
said on this subject in his report to Congress
December 1, 1853; also what he said in a letter
that preceded it, dated November 3,1853. This
was a letter written in reply to the contractors,
pr their agents, who had requested a change of
schedule, so as to conform to the time of run-
ning from Acapulco to Vera Cruz. First, I will
1 read the report, and then the letter:
I   Qn the 3d of March, 1853, Postmaster General Hubbard
j concluded a contiaet with jVIes&rs. Ramsey and Carmick,
i 01 New York, at $404.0UU per annum, for service ^emi-
] monthly lrom Yeia Cm/-, Mexico, by Acapulco, San Diego,
j and Monterey, to San Francisco, and back, in thirteen days
1 each wav, being an extension of two of the trips on the
j New Orleans and Vera Cruz line thiough Mexico, for the
] purpose oi convoying the mail, and thin making one through
; line in sixteen davs between New Orleans and San Fian-
i cif-eo, a copv of which was communicated to the Senate
:i on the llthol'Maich. Thiveontraetcontairis a stipulation
that it shall not have any validity unless Congress should
sanction it by the passage of an appropriation to carry it
into effect. On the 16th of June, the Depaitment iccrived
! a communication fiom Robert (J. Rankin, president of the
■ ' Ocean Mail and Inland Company, who etate^that that
I conipanv is the real party to the contract crit«fed into by
I and Catmick, reporting progress towards
] putting service into execution. To thi< communication
I the following replv was sent by me on the 9th of July:
' ' Youi letter of the 15th ultimo came duly to hand. My
. attention having thus been specially called to the circum-
1 i stances connected with the contemplated line to the Pacific,
ji va Vera Cruz and Acapulco, I feci it my duty, after due
;l deliberation, to inform you that the conditional contract
\ \ entered into by my predecessor, Mr Hubbard, for the con-
:' veyance of the mads over this line to San Fianeiseo, does
i not meet my approbation.
' j " < In the fin-t place, as at present advised, I consider the
i route impracticable foi mail purposes.
i u In the second place, the sums of money yearly drawn
;! from the Treasury for contracts which have for several
!i years been, and aie still, in force, for the transportation of
