ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
gentleman that the Committee on Printing has
nothing to do with it.
Mr. HALE. Then I do not know who has.
Mr. PEAIICE. I have been told that these
documents were printed for the Department of
State before the order to print was made hero.
Mr. I TALE. I will only mention this fact: the
copy which I saw in the hands of others bears
the imprint of " A. O. P. Nicholson, Printer of
the Senate," and was printed, I suppose, in pur-
suance of our order. The documents, it appears,
are furnished to the newspapers of all our cities,
and to everybody, except to the Senate, which
orders and pays for them.
Mr. FESSENDEN subsequently said: Mr.
President, I rise now simply for the purpose of
answering the query which was put a few min-
utes ago by the Senator from New Hampshire.
I do so at the request of the Superintendent of
Public Printing. 1 sent for him, and he states
that the document referred to by the Senator cra-
braccs only sixty-four pages of the whole docu-
ment, and was printed by order of the Slate De-
partment for distribution on Monday last. The
printer, with the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, devoted themselves to it, and did it; but the
whole document, which will come to the Senate,
will contain something like four hundred or five
hundred pages. On that they are at work con-
stantly, and it will be delivered to the Senate just
as soon as it can bo printed.
EDWIN A. STEVENS.
Mr. l?ESSE!MDEjNT. The Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office have directed mo to
report a bill for the relief of Edwm A. Stevens.
It is a very simple matter, and 1 ask that the bill
may be taken up now and passed. If the Senate
will allow me, I will explain the case in a veiy few
words.
Mr. Stevens is the owner of a patent which will
expire on the lstof April next. He came to tins
city by his agent to get it renewed at the Patent
Office, but owing to a misapprehension os to the
time within which it was necessary to make ap-
plication beforehand, he was too late; so that when
lie applied, the Commissioner of Patents had no
authority to hear his application. AH he asks
now is, simply, that the act regulating that matter
May be suspended so far as rclates'to the tune,
in order that he may be able to go before the
Commissioneras if lie had made the application in
proper season. I presume there will lie no objec-
tion to it m any quarter. The propriety of the
bill is very obvious, and the committee were unan-
imous in reporting it. The gentleman for whoso
relief it is intended has been waiting here, and
time is of some importance to him. "if there be
110 objection, I aslc that the bill may be taken up
now and passed.
The bill (S. i\'o. 147) was read a fa-stand second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that so niui'h of the eigh-
teenth section of the act passed the 4th of July,
1836, as prohibits the extension of a patent after
the expiration of the term for which it was origin-
ally issued, shall be suspended so far as it may
be nccessary to authorize the renewal of a patent
to Edwin A. Stevens, of the city of New York,
for his invention of a mode of applying air to
the furnaces of steam engines, subject, however,
to the other conditions and restrictions imposed
by that act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It wa3 read a third time and
passed.
AMENDMENT OP RyLES.
Mr. JOHNSON". I ask unanimous consent
to propose an addition to one of the rules of this
body in relation to the printing of additional
numbers of documents. As will bo. seen by the
reading of the proposed amendment, it makes
it the duty of the Committee on Printing, when
they propose additional numbers, to report esti-
mates of their cost. My proposition is to amend
the 33d rule of the Senate, hy inserting after the
word ''Senate" the words:
Motions to print additional numbers shall likewise be
reiVut'tl to the iaid committee ; and when the report shall
be in tavor ot printing additional numbers, it shall be ac-
companied by an estimate of the probable cost.
The amendment was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PRINTING OP BILLS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask leave to introduce a
proposition to change the practice of this body in
relation to the printing of bills and joint resolu-
tions. At present, under an old order which
has obtained here, though I believe it is in none
of our rules, the number printed of bills and joint
resolutions is one thousand. I ask that it may
be so amended as to make the number seven hun-
dred. That number will be sufficient to give the
Senate a full supply of all bills and joint resolu-
tions, and allow enough for the House of Repre-
sentatives and for the Departments. The extra
copies now accumulate to such an amount as to
become a source of inconvenience in the Capitol,
as I am assured. The present number, one thou-
sand, is altogether unnecessary. I ask that it
may be reduced to seven hunched, which will
still allow two hundred more than we have any
real need for.
The Secretary read the order, as follows:
Ordered, That, until otherwise oidered,tho usual number
of bills and joint resolutions to be printed ior the use of the
Senate bo seven bundled.
The order was agreed to.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate re*
sumed the consideration of the bill, (S. No. 107,)
reported from the Committee on Commerce, es-
tablishing the collection districts of the United
States, and designating the ports of entry and
the ports of delivery m the same." The amend-
ments made yesterday, as in Committee of the
Whole, were concurred in.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer some additional
amendments,for the purpose of constituting the
District of Columbia a separate collection district,
and thus leave it precisely where it was before
this bill was prepared. The jurisdiction of Con-
gress is exclusive over the District of Columbia,
and the inhabitants have expressed a dccided
preference for its continuance as a separate col-
lection district. By the authority of the com-
mittee, i move, for that purpose, 111 the fifiy-sixth
section of the bill, to sinkc out the words *' and to
include also within the limits thereof the District
of Columbia," and to insert the words <{ exclud-
ing the District of Columbia," ?o that the collec-
tion district of Potomac shall not include the
cities of Washington and Georgetown.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The next amendment is in
the same section, to strike out the word " George-
town " from among the ports of delivery of the
district of Potomac".
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now propose as an addi-
tional section, to comc in after section fifty^six,
the following:
Sec. 57. J2nd be it further cnactc-l, That district number
fifrj-Rcvon shall be called the district of Columbia; George-
town f-ha.ll be the port of entry, and Washington city sliail
be a port of delivery for said diatnct.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suppose the numbers of the
succeeding sections and districts can be changed
without a motion to that eiiect. There is at pres-
ent a section fifty-seven in the bill, and by insert-
ing the amendment which I have just proposed,
all the subsequent sections bccame wrongly num-
bered. v Is it nccessary to make amotion to change
the numbers?
The PRESIDENT. The Secretary will change
the numbers without a motion, if there be no
objection.
Mr. HAMLIN. So I supposed.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair hears no ob-
jection , and therefore the numbers will be changed.
Mr. WELLER. I wish to call the attention
of the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
to one of the provisions of the bill. There are
now, I believe, in the State of California, seven
collection districts, and there arc various ports of
delivery; but this bill proposes to abolish four
of the existing collection districts in that State.
Now, sir, some four years ago, after much deliber-
ation, San Diego was established as a port of
entry, and so were Benicia, Stockton, and Sacra-
mento; Benicia being on the bay of San Francisco,
Stockton being on the San Joaquin river, and
Sacramento at the head of steamship navigation,
on the Sacramento river. This bill proposes to
change the character of the ports of Stockton,
Benicia, San Diego, and Sacramento, from ports
of entry to mere ports of delivery. The commerce
of the country has been constantly increasing on
the Pacific coast; and if these ports of entry were
necessary for revenue purposes four or five years
ago, I ask why is it that they are now cut down
to mere ports of deliver}'- ? The town of San
Diego is situated on one of the best harbors upon
the Pacific coast. There is a considerable amount
of commerce there,as I know, and it is constantly
increasing. By the terms of this bill it is now
to be converted into a mere port of delivery. The
same might be saidof someof the other collcction
districts.
What I desire to know is, the reason for this
change. Why have these places been cut down
from collection districts or ports of entry to mere
pores of delivery? I desire to know from what
quarter the recommendation for this change has
come. Will the gentleman from Maine be good
enough to furnish me with the data on which
these provisions of the bill are based?
Mr. HAMLIN. I will answer the Senator a
little more at length perhaps than a direct reply
would require. I answer, in the first place, in
relation to the various collcction districts estab-
lished 011 the Pacific coast. They wore estab-
lishedafew yearsago. The bill for their establish-
ment was drawn by myself, under the advice of
the Senators from the State of California. The
State was new, and it was uncertain at what point
it was absolutely necessary to establish collection
districts or ports of entry there. Such ports,
however, were established as it was believed the
commercial wants of the country demanded. Six
ports of entry were established at that time, and
subsequently another was added to them. Tho
reduction now proposed is equivalent to three.
About the same period of time with the estab-
lishment of those districts, the Senate saw fit to
pass a resolution directing the appointment of a
commissioner for the purpose of codifying the rev-
enue laws, including the boundaries of the collec-
tion districts. This is the first chapter of what
was prepared under that commission. The bill
was prepared by the commissioner under the direc-
tion of the present Secietary of the Treasury, and
under those clerks who have the practical duties
to perform in connection with the various collec-
tors of customs, and who must necessarily know
better what are the commercial wants of the coun-
try in this respect than any other persons. True,
some Senator may know a little more about his
own locality than them, but none can know so
well what is the best system adapted to the whole
country. This bill was thus prepared; and after
being thus prepared the Secretary of the Treasury,
in order to insure additional accuracy, and to learn
anything that could be learned at the Department,
submitted it to the principal collectors in each
State of the Union for suggestions; and with those
suggestions, and such light as the Committee on
Commerce could obtain, and such knowledge as
was to bo found at the Department, the bill has
been placed in its present shape.
I apprehend it will be found that the port at
Benicia pays next to no revenue at all. I think
the Senator from California will admit that. Such
I understand to be the fact. The ports on that
river, above Benicia, are by this bill brought
within the same rule which applies to the Atlan-
tic coast, to wit: towns and ports lying above the
mouth of the river arc made ports of delivery
and annexed to the port of entry at the mouth of
the river. That is true of Sacramento and those
towns which he above it on the river. The other
point which he names at the lower part of tho
State—San Diego—is made a port of delivery,
and is annexed to the district of San Pedro.
Now, while the business of that place may b8
considerable, it will be found, on investigation of
the matter, that it is a local business. It is not
foreign commcrce. The place is not one which
contributes its revenues to the Government, and
therefore tho establishment of a port of delivery
there answers every commercial purpose of the
place.
These are the reasons which have had influ-
ence in the formation of this bill, and I hope they
will be satisfactory to the Senator from Califor-
nia.
Mr.WELLER. I apprehend that in fact it will
be found very inconvenient to make the changes
