563
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bayard,
Senate.
satisfy the Senate that the charsre of the honora-
ble Senator, that an insult was offered to Captain
Smith by Lieutenant Du Pont, in writing that let-
ter, is not sustained by the facts which he has
produced in evidence. In order to do this, I must
recur to the history of the difficulties which ex-
isted between Commodore Hull and the whole of
his officers, during the cruise of the Ohio, in the
years 1838, 1839, and 1840. These difficulties
were to be regretted. My respect for the distin-
fuished reputation and character of Commodore
lull, is such that it is with pain that I shall even
advert to some portion of the actual facts of the
case, which may be supposed to reflect upon him
to a limited extent, but only to an extent that is
necessary for the purpose of justification.
Up to the time when the Ohio sailed from New ;
York in 1838, it had been the settled usage of the
service that the wardroom officers were entitled
to certain accommodations; and the first lieuten-
ant, or any other lieutenant, or the surgeon of
the ship, could go on board any vessel to which
he was ordered, and find his proper place of ac-
commodation under the settled usage of the ser-
vice, just as readily as a Senator, coming into this
body for the first time, can find the room which
is assigned to the committee of which he is a
member. At whose instance I know not, it was
determined to try the experiment, in the case of
the Ohio, of substituting accommodations on
what is called the orlop deck, which at that pe-
riod was not lighted at all, and I believe had not
even the air port-holes which now, in modern built
vessels, are constructed for purposes of ventila-
tion. It was unhealthy. You could not see, ex-
cept with candles. It was an improper place for
the accommodation of the commissioned officers
of the service, and to place them there was con-
trary to the settled usage. In order to make the
experiment tolerable to the officers, a large mess-
room was assigned to them on the main deck of
the vessel. That was the order of the Depart-
ment, with the intention of trying an experiment.
When the ship was commissioned, Commodore
Hull requested permission to take with him on
board the vessel Mrs. Hull and her sisters. The
request was granted. This appears in the letter
of Secretary Paulding, quoted in the speech of my
honorable friend and colleague. The request was
granted on the express condition that, when the
, Vessel reached the Mediterranean, the ladies
should no longer remain on board. In conse-
quence of this request of Commodore Hull, his
wife and her two sisters were placed on board
of the Ohio, and they occupied that portion of
the cabin which otherwise would have been as-
signed to the captain who commanded the vessel
under Commodore Hull, who was in command
of the squadron. The result was, that the cap-
tain partitioned off a portion of the mess-room of
the officers, to which they were entitled as part of
the experiment, for his own personal accommo-
dation, as he had the right to do. ! j
The effect, then, was, that this raess-room, i
where, in warm weather, or in any weather, it
would have been competent for the officers to
*ling their hammocks, and have both light and
air, which would have obviated the difficulties of
the experiment in other respects, became so con-
tracted that they were entirely deprived of any
benefit from it for these purposes. After the
arrival of the vessel in the Mediterranean, Com- ■
-modore Hull, in defiance of the permission given to ;
him by the Department, continued to cruise with j
these ladies at different times on board his vessel. ,j
The officers, during the warm weather, became ;
subjected to the evil against which they had j
protested before they sailed from New York.
What did they do? On the 27th of July, 1839, ;!
they addressed a respectful letter to Captain jj
Smith, because it was only through him that they I
could address the commander of the squadron, i
That letter was founded on the opinion of the
surgeon, as well as their own experience for many j
months. In it they say: I
United States Ship Objo,
M Sea, July 27,16-29.
8m: We beg leave to inform yon, officially, which we
do with great reluctance, that the suffocating closeness and >
extreme impurity of the atmosphere in our orlop roams, .
hm rendered tbem no longer tenable, and would most'
respectfully request that other accommodations be assigned ,
to us. !
We are, respectfully, fir, your obedient servants, |
SAMUEL MERCER, Lieutenant.
S. F. DU PONT, Lieutenant. ,
WILLIAM L. HOWARD, Lieutenant, i
It. L. BROWNING, Lieutenant.
J. S. MfSSROON, Lieutenant.
JOHN W. VOX, Lieutenant. '
8. W. GODON, Lieutenant.
ALFRED TAYLOR, Lieutenant. >
GUERT GAN3EVOORT, Lieutenant. j
JOHN W. GRIER, Chaplain.
Captain Joseph Smith,
Commanding United States Ship Ohio.
In consequence of this letter, Captain Smith,
with the permission of Commodore Hull, author-
ized by an order the officers to sling their ham-
mocks on the main deck, as temporary accom-
modations during the hot weather. I will read
the order of Captain Smith to the first lieutenant
of the ship, Lieutenant Pendergrast, on the 28th
July, 1839:
" To better accommodate thdse wardroom officers who
have complained of the heat and air of their' orlop rooms,'
i have to direct that you will, without delay, have two
temporary rooms made on the main deck by canvas
screens, to take in one gun forward of the present cabin
bulkhead ; also to have two rooms of tike description made
on each side of the wardroom."
These were temporary quarters, which they
were permitted to occupy in consequence of its
having been ascertained on investigation that
there was foundation for their complaint, although
the evil might not have been so great as they
imagined. When this permission was given, a
letter was written by Lieutenant Du Pont to Cap-
tain Smith. I will read the whole of that letter,
because it is necessary to do so in order to show
that it contains no insult whatever. The Senator
from Texas read only a portion of it, and made
no statement of the residue; and from the portion
which he read, he inferred that it was an insult-
ing letter. I shall read the whole, and leave to
the judgment of the Senate whether, under the
circumstances, there is anything of disrespect,
much less of insult, in its language:
1 United States Ship Ohio,
At Sea, July 29,1839.
Sir : As it is my intention to decline occupying one of
the places which you have directed the first lieutenant to
dispose of for temporary sleeping accommodation to those
officers who have complained of the suffocating state of the
1 atmosphere in their rooms on the orlop, and as I should
greatly regret if my doing so were attributed to an improper
! spirit, I beg leave to say a few words in reply to your com-
1 munication of yesterday, which you were pleased to address
! in answer to one signed (amor.g others) by myself on the
27th instant. I shall speak freely, but with feelings of the
very highest respect for my superiors.
I am one of those, sir, who believe that a lieutenant is as
much entitled, by regulation, by usage, and by military pto-
j priety, to a permanent and fixed apartment, suitable to his
| rank'and few personal wants, as the captain of a ship is to
; his cabin ; and that a ship of this class is capable of aflbrd-
i ing such a one, at least, as he would occupy in a frigate or
sloop of war. I signed thp letter of the 27th instant, repre-
senting the state ot" the orlop rooms, under the impression
that if the complaints contained in it were found to be well
grounded, other permanent and usual accommodation would
be given me, particularly as it had been generally under-
stood, if not officially stated, that the present arrangement
of berthing very nearly all the officers of the shipon the orlop
was merely an experiment. But the commander-in-chief
having decided that ho is not authorized to make any per-
manent change, of which, of course, he is the stile and proper
judge, I prefer remaining where tiie Navy Department has
placed me, as long as my health will endure it.rather than
occupy quarters which I deem unfit for an officer holding
the third rank known in our service, and from which he
may be ejected at any moment.
> I trust, sir, however, that you will not for a momentsup-
. pose that I do not fully appreciate the consideration which
' induces you to do all that you conceive lies in y&ur power
to alleviate tile present state of things.
j I have tile honor to be, sir, With very'great respect, yoiir
' obedient servant _ .
! S. F. 1)U PONT, Lieutenant.
! Captain Joseph'Sshth,
Commanding United States Ship Ohio.
j Where is the disrespect in this letter? Is it
disrespectful, is it an insult to his commander,
I if a subordinate officer asserts, in a respectful
manner, what he considers to be his rights under
usages of the service ? There is nothing disre-
spectful in the tone o(the letter. He states his
rights, and the grounds^ of them. I rely on the
1 letteritself, and on the circumstances under which I
! it was written, to show that no disrespect was ;
intended. Captain Smith may have considered
it an uncalled-for letter, because he and Commo-
dore Hull thought that these officers ought to be
I Satisfied with the accommodations on the orlop
I deck. It wasa matterof opinion. He might think
I the experiment was a proper one, and that the offi-
| cers ought not to have protested against it, though
j they did so in a respectful and proper manner,
and in accordance with the usages of the service.
Others might differ from that opinion. I can only
say for myself, that if I had been similarly placed,
: if, as a commissioned officer in the service, I was
: entitled to certain permanent accommodations,
and the captain of the ship should offer me tem-
i porary accommodations in lieu of insufficient per-
! manent ones, I would decline the offer as long aa
1 my health would permit. I think it was a proper
course for the officers to take. Others besides
Lieutenant Du Pont took the same course by re-
maining on the orlop deck, though they wrote no
letter stating the reasons for their declension. In
my judgment it was far more respectful to give
the distinct ground on which the officer was un-
willing to accept the temporary accommodations
tendered to him, but which he was not ordered
to occupy, than to continue in his former quar-
ters without giving any reason whatever.
Now, sir, where was the disrespect on the faca
of the letter, where was the insult (for that istha
charge) to Captain Smith in addressing to him
such a letter? Its tone is respectful. The writer
| states in a manly manner, his objections, ground-
| ed on his professional rank to occupying tempor-
' ary quarters, and claims his rights. Is that an
! insult to the officer to whom it is addressed ? On
what ground can any rational man draw such a
! conclusion? I will not dwell on this point fur-
ther than to remark that the Senator from Texas
is wholly mistaken in supposing that I found my
opinion that there was no insult to Captain Smith
intended, on what he calls the " hearsay" stated
! by Captain Du Pont, in his letter to the Secretary
: of the Navy; that, immediately after the writing
! of that letter, Commodore Smith told Captain
j Pendergrast that it was perfectly respectful in its
i tone, and that he should have replied to it if he
j thought a reply necessary. The objection of
1 Captain Smith was to the assertion of the right
1 in which he did not agree with the officer, but
there was no insult or disrespect conveyed in the
letter. The declaration of Captain Smith, if it
were necessary, is susceptible of proof at this
time. It is, however, unnecessary to make proof,
because there is nothing in the letter which it
itself implies disrespect.
Agfcin: Commodore Smith is not the man to
I suffer any one, his junior or senior, to insult him;
' and the relations of Captain Du Pont and Com-
' modore Smith, from that time to this, have been
those of perfectly amicable intercourse, at least
up to the time of the action of the retiring board,
i So much for this letter; and now I come to the
| allegation of the Senator from Texas, as to the
word" sex"in a dispatch^of Secretary Paulding'a
! censuring these officers, which was addressed to
| Commodore Hull before any opportunity of ex-
I planation vm given to them.
i The honorable Senator congratulates himself
very much on having discovered, as he thinks,
conclusive evidence that the word "sex" was
really in the original letter, and that the records
of the Department are erroneous in not including
it; and he states to the Senate, that there is a press
copy of the letter in the Department whicn he
has examined, and that he has found the word
" sex" in it. I do not consider this very material,
| for a reason which I shall state presently; but I
also have examined what the Senator calls a.press
' copy, and I find that it is a press copy,not ofthe
original, but of a copy. It is not a copy of Mr.
: Paulding's letter, but it is the copy of a copy of a
! transcribing clerk, and the word " sex "is in that
I copy I admit. I examined it, however, through
a magnifying glass, and I found that word "sex"
: had two strokes of thepenrun through it, as if the
copyist, copying from the original letter, having
inserted an erroneous word, iiad struck it out
before he took the press copy of his own copy.
That is the state of the fact.
I stated on a former occasion that in no com-
I munication from Commodore Hull to Mr. Pauld-
! ing, (founded upon which alone the dispatch of
| the Secretaryof the Navy was written,) was there
I the remotest allusion to any disrespect to the saX
