3856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1305
ment to remain in the Senate, when I met Mr.
Summer in the door-way of the reception-room,
leaning on two persons whom I did not recog-
nize. His face was covered with blood.
1 am not particularly fond of scenes of any
sort. I have riy associations or relations of any
kind with Mr. Sumner; 1 have not spoken to him
for two years. I did not think it necessary to
express my sympathy, or make any advances
towards him. If 1 had continued, I should have
crossed his path, and interrupted his progress to
a sofa; he was evidently faint and weak. I very
naturally turned in another direction; and instead
of passing through the ante-room, entered the
Senate Chamber in this direction, (through the
side door.)
I have stated very briefly my connection with
this matter. Mr. Sumner is not here to speak
for himself; I will therefore abstain from any
comment as to what may have been his inten-
tions in this matter; but I repeat, that whatever
may have been his intentions, or the intentions
of those who have prompted this course of exam-
ination, it is calculated to deceive the public and
make a false impression on popular opinion. I
believe that to be the object.
I will state further, in order to anticipate any
inquiry on the subject, that I had not the slightest
idea that Mr. Brooks, or anybody else, had any
intention of attacking Mr. Sumver. 1 have never
had any conversation—I had none before and I
think I have had none since—either with Mr.
Brooks or anybody intimate with him, on this
subject. I am as free from any connection, par-
ticipation, or counsel of any kind in this matter,
as any gentleman on the floor of the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I deem it
ray duty to submit a statement. A moment or
two before the Senate adjourned on that day, my
colleague in the other House, Colonel Richard-
son, sent for me to hold a conversation in the
reception room. He came to the door of the
Senate Chamber, and I went to the reception
room, and sat a considerable time with him, until
the Senate adjourned, engaged in private con-
versation in relation to Illinois affairs. As Col-
onel Richardson rose to leave, I started to go
with him, when Governor Fitzpatrick, of Ala-
bama, and Mr. J. Glancy Jones, of Pennsyl-
vania, who were sitting on a settee at the other
end of the reception room, called me to them.
Colonel Richardson went out, and I sat down,
and entered into conversation with them. Mr.
Seidell came in as he states; and while we were
talking there, one of the messengers rushed
through, and remarked, as he passed, that some-
body was beating Mr. Sumner. I rose involun-
tarily to my feet. My first impression was to
come into the Senate Chamber and help to put
an end to the affray, if I could; but it occurred to
my mind, in an instant, that my relations to Mr.
Sumner were such that if I came into the Hall,
my motives would be misconstrued, perhaps,
and I sat down again. A moment afterwards
another messenger went through, and said that
the affair was over, and that Mr. Brooks had
hurt Mr. Sumner badly. The other gentlemen
left their seats; I think two of them came in at
the side door; I started and came in by the front
door, and as I saw a large crowd near the door,
I stepped aside. The crowd was so largo that I
could not see what happened. I stepped on to
the highest part of the floor in the lobby, at the
back of the seat which I formerly occupied, and
looked over, but yet did not see Mr. Sumner.
I remember seeing Mr. Toombs, of Georgia,
sitting about where he now sits; Mi. Pearce,
of Maryland, about where he sits now; Mr.
Crittenden", of Kentucky, near the same place;
and Judge Evans, of South Carolina, very near
■where he is now sitting. They were all seated,
all quiet, and I looked to see where the porties
were who had been engaged in this affray. At
last I observed Mr. Sumner at the side of the
center aisle, his feet in the aisle, and he leaning
partially against a chair. I had only a glance.
I stayed there but a moment, and then passed
around and entered into conversation with the
Assistant Secretary, Mr. Nicholson, which he
will recollect. I was not near Mr. Brooks; I
did not enter the room till some minutes after the
affray was over. The Senate Chamber was per-
fectly quiet at the time. Perhaps the Senator
from Georgia can tell, from the incident which l
have stated—lie having resumed his seat—how
long a time had elapsed after the affray was over
before I came in.
As to my having been on the one side of Mr.
Brooks, and the Senator from Georgia on the
other, it is, to use the mildest term, a total mis-
apprehension of the fact. I was not here at the
time. I had no knowledge or suspicion that any
assault was to be made here or elsewhere, or at
any time. I did not approach Mr. Brooks; I did
®not speak to him, and was not, at the time when
I came in, within fifty feet of the Senator from
Georgia, until I passed around and, perhaps, spoke
to him as I left the Senate at the-otherend of the
Chamber.
How the idea got into Mr. Sumner's brain
that I was on one side, and the Senator from
Georgia on the other, witli the assailant between
us, it is of course impossible for me to conceive.
It is evident from that language that the purpose—
or at least certainly the effect—is, to carry the
impression to the country that I was privy to this
transaction; that I was standing, aiding and
abetting the assailant in it; that 1 was m fact a
participant. I say again, how the misapprehen-
sion comes, I know not; but so far from knowing
anything about the affray, it had been over some
time before I entered the Senate Chamber; and I
did not know that Mr. Sumner was in the Cap-
itol until it was announced in the manner in which
I have stated.
I have deemed this statement due to myself in
order to prevent a misapprehension arising from
that testimony, which is calculated certainly to
connect myself with the transaction. I will not
characterize it; 1 simply state the fact. 1 never
heard that any mortal inan thought of attacking
Mr. Sumxer then or at any other time, here or
at any other place. I had not the slightest sus-
picion that anything was to happen.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I should not
deem it at all necessary to make any statement
about this affair, so far as I am concerned; but
the position of the other gentlemen who are al-
luded to in this connection, may make it neces-
sary for them. I was present, and have given a
statement in another place as a witness.
The statement made by the Senator from Illi-
nois is, as far as I know, altogether correct. I
did not see him at all until the occurrence was
over, and probably he came to my seat. He may
have been in the room, as there was quite a crowd
in the place. As to whatMr. Sumnf.ii saysabout
Mr. Brooks standing between myself and the
Senator from Illinois, there is not a word of fact
in it. I presume he was mistaken. Under the
circumstances it may have arisen from one fact:
Major Gorman, Governor of Minnesota Terri-
tory, was present.
As for rendering Mr. Sumner any assistance,
I did not do it. As to what was said, some gen-
tleman present condemned it in Mr. Brooks; I
stated to him, or to some of my own friends,
probably, that I approved it. That is my opinion.
! Mr. DOUGLAS. I will ask the Senator from
Georeia to state how long it was after the affair
was over, before he took Ins seat; for that would
fix the time at which I came in.
Mr. TOOMBS. I was not taking any note of
the time; it must have been some five minutes, I
suppose. .1 cannot be accurate, for I paid but
little attention to the time. I do not recollect
who were in the room; all the persons I did not
know. I do not say the gentleman was not there,
but I did not see him. As for Mr. Brooks being
between us, that is all ideal; it is imaginary. So
far as relates to interfering, or giving assistance,
lie is right. I gave none. I did not put in at all,
and should not on that side.
Mr. BUTLER. It was my purpose, on coming
into the Senate this morning, (although 1 have
just arrived, much fatigued after traveling four
days,) to assume my true position in regard to this
whole affair. I should have done it in no very
measured terms. I should have assumed all the
responsibility which has been taken ijy my gallant
relative; but, by the unanimous opinion—I may
say the pressing opinion—of my friends, it is not
thought advisable that I should say anything
now. I must, however, in connection with this
subject, make one remark. Sir, whenever occa-
sions arise in excitement, 1 generally collect my-
self. How far the affidavit of the gentleman,
•which, it is stated, he made upon his bed, being
unable to sit up, may be sustained by other cir-
cumstances hereafter, it is not for me tbsay; but
he states in that affidavit that what he-said upon
the occasion alluded to, in my tfbsericfe, was
"strictly in response to what Mr. Butler liad
said upon former occasions." I will verify every
proposition which I now make when the resolu-
tions from Massachusetts come here; and what-
ever claims he may have forfeited or acquired iij
relation to my notice of him s when the resolutions
come from that historical Commonwealth, I will
speak to them. I have not read his entire speech;
I have read only parts of it, but not a single one of
the statements which have been quoted as appli-
cable to myself, was a response to a single remark
which I had made in the debate on the Kansas
question. In fact, my friends, particularly in
South Carolina, and some of my friends here,
thought I was remarkable for the moderation of
my tone in the remarks which I made upon that
subject. You may take my speech from begin-
ning to end,and you will find that when I replied
to the honorable Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hale,] it was in allusion to his assault on
the Supreme Court; and if any one on this floor
was bound from his position to defend that court,
it was myself. I replied to him. When the1"
name of my friend, General Atchison, was intro-
duced, I did not hesitate to assume the responsi-
bility of defending him; and so far as regards
every other part of that speech, it was strictly in ■
reply to the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire, asking him whether this or that amounted
to a southern aggression? Let him examine it.
1 made nothing in the way of statement, for
the documents were before the Senate. I made
nothing scarcely in the way of law, for there was
nothing of public law concerned, unless it be that
those who usurp a jurisdiction within a Territory
are to be regarded as having a paramount author-
ity over those upon whom it was conferred by
Congress. In regard to his statement—and in
this affidavit he swears to it—that what he said
was strictly in response to me, when the debate
arises upon the subject of those resolutions to
which I have alluded, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts shall hear from me. 1 will speak to
Massachusetts because I respect her history. I
gave notice to that Senator long ago that I did not
intend to recognize him in debate, and he under-
took to recognize me when I was not here. To
put myself right, I will say that I have been'
remarkably scrupulous about uttering anything
violative'of the courtesies which were due to a
relation of that kind. I spoke neither of him, to
him, nor about him.
But, sir, this is not the occasion—my friends
say not—for making the remarks which I in-
tended. I suppose those resolutions will come
up; and I give you notice that, when theydo come
up, I will speak to them in the language of one
who hasa right tospeak, and to assume a respons-
ibility, whatever may be the consequences to
any one.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, it is impossible
forme to sit still and hear the principle announced
which I have heard on this occasion. As to the
facts connected with this matter, I know nothing
about them, and of them I have nothing to say.
I am here in a pretty lean minority; there is not,
perhaps, more than one fifth part of the Senate
who have similar opinions with my own, and
those are very unpopular ones hero; but when 1
hear it stated on the floor of the Senate that an
assassin-hke, cowardly attack has been made s
upon a man unarmed, havingno power to defend
himself, who was stricken down with the strong
hand and almost murdered, and that such attacks
are approved of by Senators, it becomes a ques-
tion of some interest to us all, and especially to
those who are in the minority. It is very true
that a brave man may not be able to defend him-
self against such an attack. A brave man may
be overpowered by numbers on this floor; but,
sir, overpowered or not, live or die, I will vindi-
cate the right and liberty of debate and freedom
of discussion upon this floor, so long as I live.
If the principle now announced here is to pre-
vail, let us come armed" for the combat; and al-
though you are four to one, I am here to meet
you. God knows a man can die in no better
cause than in vindicating the rights of debate oil
this floor; and I have only to ask that if the prin-
ciple is to be approved by the majority, and to
