1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2179
its operative validity. The communication was
ordered to be printed, and was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The whole fact, that a contract had been made,
and that its going into effect depended on the
election of Congress, to be evidenced by the mak-
ing of an appropriation, was thus in full knowl-
edge of the Senate, and was under consideration
by one of its committees, at that early period.
At the next session of Congress, as has oeen read
at the desk, the Postmaster General called the
attention of the two Houses to the fact that the
contract had been made, and that he had trans-
mitted a copy of it to the Senate; expressing at
the same time his opinion in relation to its policy.
His opinion was unfavorable. He had the right
to express that opinion. It was only an opinion
for the consideration of Congress in making up
their decision, under the discretion reserved to
them by the contract. I hold that it was not
only the right, but was the duty of the Post-
master General, holding the relation he did to
that branch of the public service, to advise freely
with Congress in regard to the expediency of the
contract.
Now the only ground of complaint, and the
only ground on which any pretense of claim for
damages rests, is that, in the annual report of the
Postmaster General, at the regular session suc-
ceeding the date of the contract, he stated that,
since the letter of July, he had received no fur-
ther communication from this company of con-
tractors; and it is contended that the documents
which he transmitted on the call of Congress
showed otherwise. In proof of this, his Corre-
spondence with Harris & Morgan, on the 3d of
November, is relied upon. A reference to the
document will substantially vindicate the Post-
master General upon this point. The correspond-
ence with Harris & Morgan simply related to a
proposal to change the schedule of service be-
tween New Orleans and'Vcia Cruz, for which
they were contractors. The object of the change
was to enable a connection to be made, by means
of the Ramsay route across Mexico, with the
Aspinwall line of steamers, at Acapulco. The
Postmaster General declined this, for the reason 1
that the effect of such an arrangement would de- |
feat the purpose his predecessor had in view by
the contract with Ramsay, which was to secure
increased frequency of service to California, and
at the same time advised them that the contract
with Ramsay was without effect, till sanctioned
by Congress. There was no allegation nor proof,
at that date, that Harris and Chat-nick were ready
to carry the mail between Vera Cruz and San
Francisco; but it was only proposed to change
the schedule on this side to suit the regular
Panama line on the Pacific, that an expejiment
might be made for effect upon the opinion of
Congress. This was expressly declared by one
of the parties to be the reason of the application.
Now, Mr. President, suppose the communica-
tion which was made to Congress did not contain
all the facts material to be communicated: was
any objection made at the time? Is there any
proof that the parties, or any party, complained |
to Congress that full information had not been !
given by the Postmaster General ? If the truth •
were so, it was the duty of the parties to have J
represented it to Congress; but, from the fact that |
his statements were allowed to remain uncontra-;
dieted during that session, which was a long ses-
sion, we may presume that no objection could be
made to it. That these parties were not in a con-
dition to fulfill their contract, and that the Post-
master General was not the cause of hindering 1
them, will be seen by a letter of theirs, dated No- j
vember 23, 1853, which was not received by the jj
Postmaster General until after he placed his report h
in the hands of the President. In that letter they \\
admit that they had not been able to put them- ']
selves in a condition to perform the service, and 'j
allege reasons and excuses for it, and deprecate ]
the possible action of the Department in the annul-; ]
ment of their contract. jj
I cannot, at this stage of the session, detain the ;i
Senate; but I am sure that, by reference to the
documents, it will be found there is no possible
grounds for a fair claim of damages against the
Government in this case. 1 am very sorry to be ;i
obliged to oppose this amendment, proposed, as |
it is, by the committee of which I am a member; ;j
but, as I was compelled to look into the facts, I il
have deemed it my duty to state them briefly to
the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I have nothing to do with
the merits of this case; but I hear one Senator
give a statement of facts and reasons in favor of
the claim, and another Senator, a member of the
same committee, give a statement of the facts and
reasons to show that there is no just claim.
Here is a claim which, we are told, was before
Congress at the last session, reported upon by
the committee, and a bill passed. Be itso. Why
then, I may ask, was not that bill reported as a
private bill at the present session? If all the facts
were known sufficiently for the committee to re-
port at the last session, why was it not reported
as a private bill at this session, instead of being
reserved for an amendment to a general appro-
priation bill? I can see no reason for this course
of legislation. I give no opinion on the claim,
because I am not in a condition to pass an opin-
ion without examining the documents.
Mr. ADAMS. Allow me to explain 
Mr. BAYARD. Permit me to go on with my
remarks. It was the gentleman's own remarks
that induced me to go gn further. I spoke of the
want of information; and the honorable Senator
from Mississippi chooses to liken this amend-
ment to my motion to attach an amendment to
another bill to provide for a public object, a dome 1
for the Capitol. Now, if Senators do not choose
to inquire into public objects, but only into pri-
vate claims, I cannot help that. I took it for
granted that a vast number of Senators knew the
position of affairs in regard to the dome. It was
a public matter; it was appropriate to a general
appropriation bill in every respect; but this is a
private claim. That is the distinction. This
might have been reported as a private bill, and
ought to be acted on as a private bill. My ob-
jection is that it is false 'legislation, it is out-
rageous legislation, it tends to the grossest cor-
ruption to bring private claims forward at the end
of the session, and attach them to a public appro-
priation bill; and be the grounds on which such
movements are made what they may, 1 have in-
variably voted against them. The Senate, of
course, will exercise its discretion; but I do not
mean to depart from the principle of voting against
private claims on general appropriation bills—
although I do not mean, in this case, to condemn
this claim at all. If it came up as a private bill,
and the statement made on one side were correct,
1 should vote for it; if the truth were on theother
side, it is probable I should vote against it; but I
really cannot, with the complicated statements
now made, form a conclusion m my mind.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to answer a question
propounded by the Senator from Delaware. Pie
desires to know why the proposition was not
brought forward earlier? I will state to him, that
the chairman of the committee [General Rusk]
originally investigated the claim. He understood
it better than anybody else, and it was delayed
in the expectation that he would return, until a
short time since, with a view of getting his
knowledge of the subject. That is the explana-
tion.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not doubt that that is the
reason; but the absence of a single member of the
committee is a slight excuse for not bringing for-
ward a private bili, which, it is said, was reported
and acted on at a previous session.
Mr. SLIDELL. It appears to me that two
facts are assumed in this amendment, of one of
which we have no evidence at all, and the other
is in direct conflict with the record. The amend-
ment assumes, in the first place, that damages are
due to Ramsey and Carnnck. That is a doubt-
ful question. I doubt very much whether any
damages have been incurred. The second fact,
I think, is in direct conflict with the record. The
amendment speaks of a contract which has been
abrogated by the Postmaster General. The Post-
master General has no right to abrogate a con-
tract. He has not attempted to do so. One Post-
master General made a provisional contract with
these gentlemen for the transportation of the
mail, in a given time, and under certain circum-
stances, for a very large compensation. I doubt
very much whether any Postmaster General has
a right to enter into provisional contracts of that
kind; but admitting that he had the right, that
contract was subordinate, expressly, by its very
terms, to the sanction of Congress. That sane- ,
tion has never been given. The contract nevgr
actually existed; it never took effect. I have no
sort of objection to referring the whole matter of
law and fact to the proper officer of the Govern-
ment, to make report at the next session; but
facts are assumed here which I do not believe
exist as declared in this amendment.
Mr. DIJRKEE. I ask the honorable Senator
from Louisiana if he does not conceive that it was
the duty of the Postmaster General to represent
all the facts appertaining to this case, the demon-
stration that had been made, and the expenditure
incurred, in his annual report to Congress ?
Mr. SLIDELL. Now let me submit another
consideration to the gentlemen who advocate this
amendment. We, two years ago, instituted a
tribunal for the very purpose of passing on claims
of this character. It is assumed that damages
are due for a violation of contract. We have
determined to remit all cases of that description
to the Court of Claims, that tribunal having* an
infinitely better opportunity of examining into
facts and considering carefully the law ana facts
applicable to a subject of this kind. I offer the
suggestion that the matter be referred to the Court
of Claims.
Mr HOUSTON. I have examined into thia
case with some care. The particulars of it I
cannot give at this time, but 1 recollect perfectly
well the impression that wasVnade upon my mind,
and it was decidedly in favor of the claimants. I
believed they had been injured by the contriv-
ance or management of the Post Office Depart-
ment, to a very great and ruinous extent to them.
I came to the conclusion that, if the subject ever
came up while I was here, I would vote for repa-
ration to be made to then* for the injury which
they had sustained. I think that when, by this
amendment, the subject shall be referred to an
intelligent and competent officer to ascertain
whether they have sustained injury, and whether
it is right to make reparation tor that injury, it
is a sufficient check against any imposition on the
Government. It is placing it in the hands of one
competent to render justice.' I trust we shall
not stop short of that objcct if it can be attained.
Mr. SLIDELL called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 18; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of New Hampshire, Clay-
ton, Coilomer, Ciiuenden, Durkee, Fish, Foot, Foster,
Geyer, Harlan, Houston, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennes-
see, Sewaid, Thompson of Kentucky, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Biggs, Bigler, Brodhcad,
Clay, Hunter, Iver>on, Mason, I'earce, Pratt, rugh, Keid,
Sebastian, Slidell, Wellcr, Wright, and Yuiee—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
PATAPSCO RIVER BILL VETO.
Mr. WELLER. I desire that a motion may
be entered to reconsider the vote on the message
of the President in regard to the Patapsco river
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will be entered.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills:
An act making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending the 30th of June, 1857;
An act to reimburse the State of Vermont the
expenses incurred by her in paying her militia, *
called out m 1838 and 1839 to preserve the neu-
trality of the country; ^
An act to regulate the compensation of mem-
bers of Congress;
An act to amend the acts regulating the fees,
costs, and other judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment in the States, Territories, and District of
Columbia, and for other purposes; and
An act providing for a necessary increase and
better organization of the medical and hospital
department of the Army.
LIGHT-HOUSE APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House agreed to the first, second, and third
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
451) making appropriations for light-houses, life-
boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the erection
and establishment of the same and other purposes,
and disagreed to the fourth amendment, which is
