1856.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
m
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bayard.
SsKATB^
on ilv part of rat of Iheac officers* For j
this reason the Senator's Argument, if it were true,
would invoire this difficulty: it would impute to
Comnuxl<w Hull the impropriety of having
written pnraie letter* impugning these officers,
which he was unwilling should remain on the
file® of the Department. I do not believe that he
wrote  i T letters, and therefore I am per-
fectly satisfied that the word did not belong to
the communication of Mr. Paulding.
! come next to the letter which was introduced
by the Senator, written by Captain Du Pont to
Lieutenant Thorburn. It is a very innocent affair
in itself. On its face it is evidently a playful letter;
but it was brought here and used for the purpose
of ridicule. On the occasion of the first speech
of the Senator from Texas, I stated, in reply to
him, that wherever a letter was addressed by one
individual to another in the confidence of private
friendship, no matter whether it related to public
or private matters, and a subsequent disagreement
or state of enmity ensued between the parties, it
would be an act of personal dishonor on the part
of the recipient of the letter to disclose its contents
for the purpose of assailingthe character orwound-
inr the feelings of its writer. I adhere to that ,
opinion. The Senator has said, however, that it |
is a public, and not a private letter. Sir, it has J
but to be read to see that it is essentially a private i
letter from one officer in the service to another.
I presume the Senator means, by that remark, that
the letter relates to a public subject, or a subject
connected with the service. That does not con-
stitute it less a private letter; that does not impose
the obligation of confidence one atom less on the
individual to whom it is addressed.
But, sir, I most do justice to Lieutenant Thor-
burn to the extent to which he is entitled to it
at my hands. It may be, that when I hear from
him, I shall be inclined to do him still further
justice. On Monday morning, just before 1 came
to the Senate, a gentleman called upon me—I
presume, from the address of the telegraphic dis-
r:h in my hand, that his name was Charles
King—and told me that he had received a
dispatch from Lieutenant Thorburn, and that he
wished to have some conversation with me. I
Mated to him that 1 had not time. He showed
me the telegraphic dispatch, which he left with
me, and said that be wished to explain the cir- 1
enmstanees under which the letter was confided
to the Senator from Texas by Lieutenant Thor-
burn. I told him that I could receive no verbal
explanation; that if Lieutenant Thorburn had any
statement to make in relation to the mode in
which the letter passed into the hands of the Sen-
ator from Texas, I should of coarse feel it to be
my duty to give him the benefit of that statement
if 1 had it at the time when I addressed the Senate,
or even subsequently; but that I could receive no
personal statement in relation to the matter. He
replied, that he should immediately telegraph his
correspondent, and he had no doubt that he would
-address me a letter for that purpose. The dis-
patch which he left with me is as follows:
" Eiptein to Mr- Bsyart the fees. I have required Mr.
tleuMoa to sfcow bin mj letter.
R. D. THOE8UEN."
This is aft that I know of this matter. What
were the contents of the letter of Mr. Thorburn
to the Senator I know not, except from the expla-
nation of Mr. King. 1 do not mean to doubt
that explanation, but I do not feel myself at lib-
erty to state what it was until I hear from Lieu-
tenant Thorburn. It is for him, not for me, to
show under what circumstances the letter came
into the possession of the 8enator. My remark
was not intended to apply to him, aniens he had
violated confidence. It was a general remark,
which would be applicable to him if he had actu-
ally confided the letter to the Senator for the pur-
pose of being used in debate in order to assail the
character of nis former fHend and comrade—not
otherwise.
Next, the honorable Senator assails Captain
Du Pont in reference to the system of orders
which he, in common with a board of officers,
was detailed to make. He quotes several extracts
from the opinion of the Attorney General, in order
to censure Captain Du Pont, by showing that the
system of orders which had been drafted by him
"a™ his associates could wot •go intoeflfeet with-
I;
out the action of Congress. Is not this ungen-
erous? Is it not unfair? The opinion of the !
Attorney General was directed to one point: j
These officers had reported a system of orders, ,
and President Fillmore had adopted them under
the idea that it was within his power, as the Ex-
ecutive, to do so without the action of Congress.
When the present Chief Magistrate assumed his
office, the Attorney General, after examining the
orders, became satisfied—I doubt not correctly—
that, without the action of Congress, they could
not be carried into effect, and that President Fill-
more had no authority so to direct. From that
opinion extracts have oeen made for the purpose
of censuring these officers.
Sir, there is not a word or a line in the opinion
of the Attorney General which intimates that the
orders were not admirable and perfectly proper
in themselves. The officers had nothing to do
with the question of whether they could be put in
force without legislation. They were appointed
by the Executive to draft orders. They performed
their duty in providing a new code of orders. The
censure, if any, is on the President, for attempt-
ing to enforce them without the authority of Con-
1 gress. Yet long and numerous extracts are given
for the purpose of assailing the character of an
: unoffending citizen who is not here to defend
himself.
Again, sir, the honorable Senator has made
another and a new attack, not only on Captain
Du Pont, but on three other officers of the board,
by the statement that they were generally known
in the Navy by the name of the four mutineers.
I am authorized by Captain Du Pont to say that,
until the declaration of the Senator, he never
knew that such an application had been made of
that term to him, or to his brother officers; nor
does he now believe that any such appellation
was used in regard to them. This is a sufficient
answer. The honorable Senator certainly did not
know anything of it himself. He does not state
it on his own personal knowledge. He gives no
authority whatever for his statement. He under-
takes, without authority, to designate four of the
most meritorious officers in your Navy as having
been generally known by the name of the four
mutineers. Is not that an assault—an unjustifi-
able assault—on the private character of men ?
In the course of his remarks in reference to a
letter without signature which appeared, I think,
in the New York Herald, and in speaking of the
officers who were examined before the naval
committee, the Senator said:
" Witnesses wen brought forward sad examined. I do
not know whuUiu they were sworn or not; bat they were
examined u to hi* general character—Ms character for
vetacity—alt pointing to this publication in the newspaper,
which hsa been indorsed, and which I consider of perfect
validity, became Commodore Perry, in two month*, has
never controverted or denied a tingle word of it. I con-
sider it indorsed by bis silence, and deriving an the verity
which it could hsve received from his absolute affiimstive
sanction."
The allegation here is, that the silence of Com-
dore Perry as to an unsigned letter appearing in
a public newspaper, containing what purported
to be conversations held by him with one of the
retired officers, is an indorsement of the verity of
the contents of that letter. This is a singular
mode of reasoning. I should suppose that few
public men—Commodore Perry is a public man
—would feel themselves called upon to notice
anonymous communications in the newspapers.
Certainly, if any one undertakes that duty,
and enjoys all the reputation that properly be-
long* to the honorable Senator from Texas, he
would find that his time would be occupied to an
extent which be could not possibly anticipate.
I propose to use the argwnentum ad kominem with
- the Senator, in order to demonstrate the injustice
Of his supposition that the assent of Commodore
Perry must be implied to the truth of the state-
ments in an anonymous letter which charged him
with representing all the officers of the board as
being "a cabal, as doing "monstrous aeu of
injustice"—and I forget what the other charges
were exactly, but certainly of a very grievous
nature. In order to convince the honorable
Senator, if he were here, that this mode of argu-
ment is utterly untenable, and that the inference j
which be makss of die authenticity of the state-1
ments contained in that letter, in eosssquence of
the non-denial of Commodore Perry, is not justi-
fiable, I will apply the same argument to a letter
in reference to the honorable Senator himself,
which appears in the same paper, from one of the
correspondents of the Herald. It is of recent
date—the 28th of April. I venture to say that
the Senator now, or at any future time, unless
my remarks should induce him to do so, would
not think it worth his while to notioe the state-
ment there made; and yet, if I were to make the
assumption he does in regard to Commodore
Perry, I might infer that these statements were
true, because he has not denied them. The letter
to which I allude reqds as follows:
j "Aran. 98,18511.
" The news of which T made mention in my dispatch a
i dav or two since in reference to General Hociton, I am
! now able to disclose. Be has received letters from all parts
of tlie Union, from Democrats and Whigs, urging upon him
to become a national candidate for the presidency regard-
less of conventions. The people are getting tired and dis-
gusted with conventions. It is known that he is opposed
to the domestic and foreign policy of the present dynasty,
since the repudiation of the Missouri compromise, which
he regarded as the bulwark of the South and a bond of
peace between the two sections of the Union. Further, be
regards the action of the naval board, as well ak the action
of tlie Secretary and the President, in striking down two
hundred and one officers, many of them the most efficient
and gallant officers in the Navy, and retaining a large pro-
portion who had never distinguished themselves or dons
; anything worthy of admiration, as a conspiracy against ths
j individuals who were disrated, managed by miserable
I cabals, through which to advance themselves and their
I friends. In taking the field, therefore, as an independent
candidate, he will carry the action or the naval board as
one of the issues into the coming contest. He has gone
home, and will be absent four or five weeks. On his re-
turn we may expect the entire programme for the coining
i contest. That he will run as an independent candidate Is
* now definitively settled; therefore look out for a general
, scrub race."
Mr. President, suppose I were to apply the rea-
' soning of the honorable Senator from Texas to
this letter which refers to himself; because he does
not think it worth while to deny these and similar
. statements which so frequently appear about so
distinguished a man as he is, in the public papers,
and that I should assume, as he has done in refer-
ence to Commodore Perry, that the statements
were true, that he had avowed to the writer his
, determination to run as an independent candidate,
his determination to carry this question of the
action of the naval board, into the political can-
vass as a portion of his political capital—would it
not be a rational, if not an inevitable inference,
that the attacks and aggressions which he has
made here on the character of almost every indi-
' vidual member of that board were so made for
the purpose of advancing his own political inter-
ests in a scrub race. The inference could properly
be drawn if the facts are true, but I repudiate the
&cts altogether. I do not suppose that the writer
had any authority to commit the Senator from
Texas in this mode; nor should I for a moment
consider him responsible for the statements so
made, because he suffered that letter to remain
unanswered for a period of two or four months.
But the Senator nas used precisely that line of
argument, for the purpose of placing Commodore
Perry in this position, that having acted with a
board of fellow officers without dissent, except
variances of opinion, now, after the board has been
| disbanded,and its action comes before Congress,
he is capable of denouncing his associates as a
band of conspirators, a mere cabal who have been
committing sill sorts of monstrous injustice. I can-
not believe that such charges were made against
his fellow-members of the board by Commodore
Perry, founded on the statements of an anony-
mous writer. I should be unwilling to believe
such declarations founded on the statements of
any man, until Commodore Perry himself admits
them.
Mr. President, I believe there is one other sub-
ject which it may be proper to notice, in reference
to the remarks of theSenator from Texas, with re-
gard to Captain Du Pont, but I feel too exhausted
to touch it further than to make a simple state-
ment. He quotes remarks of Commodore Hull,
censuring Captain Du Pont as one of the leaders
in insubordination. These remarks have refer-
ence to a transaction which took place in the thea-
ter at Mabon. In reference to tnat transaction,
I have before me a letter of Commodore Bolton,
who commanded the Brandywine, addressed to
Commodore Hull, urging upon him thepropriety
