1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
579
proposed by the Committee on Commerce in
this bill. The business of the country has ac-
commodated itself to those places already es-
tablished as collection districts- As I said be-
fore, the harbor of San Diego is the second best
harbor belonging to the United States on the
Pacific coast. There is more necessity for a port
of entry at that place than at San Pedro. San
Diego is a magnificent harbor, while the other
cannot compare with it. The committee have
thought proper to reduce the port of San Diego
from a port of entry to a mere port of delivery.
Now, if this were an original proposition—if it
were proposed to-day, for the first time, to estab-
lish ports of entry at those points, I should be
constrained, from a sense of economy, to go
against it. I do not believe that all of them were
originally neccssary; but they have been estab-
lished; they have been in existenc® for some
years; the business of the country has accom-
modated itself to those localities; and I think it
very impolitic to change their character at this
time.
But my friend from Maine says that the bill
comes here indorsed by .the Secretary of the
Treasury, by the commissioner of customs, and
by the gentleman who has charge of the chief
collection district in the State of California—I
mean the collector of San Francisco. If he, in
conjunction with the Secretary of the Treasury,
has recommended that these changes be made, as
he understands the interests of that locality, so
far as revenue is concerned, much better than I
do, I am compelled to submit. I do not ask that
any office shall be continued in the State of Cali-
fornia, unless it is necessary for the promotion of
the public good. If those gentlemen who have a
perfect knowledge of the business—the revenue
department of the Government—have recom-
mended the changes proposed, I shall be compelled
to submit; although, at the same tune, 1 inform
the Senate that in my opinion many inconveni-
ences will arise from its practical operation.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think the Senate gen-
erally have paid very little attention to this bill.
It is one that must be founded on a great deal of
practical knowledge. I have relied upon, and
still have confidence in, the correctness of the
bill, supposing it has been made with the entire
concurrence of the Department best acquainted
practically with the system; but I should like
to know of gentlemen how many new districts
have been made? What are the new districts
created ?
Mr. HAMLIN. There are no new collection j
districts created by the bill. There are a less
number of districts in this bill than there have
been heretofore scattered in fragments through
our laws.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. How many new ports
of entry and delivery are crcated by it?
Mr. WELLER. There is one created by this
bill in the State of California. They abolish
three collection districts, or rather reduce them
to ports of delivery, and establish one new col-
lection district.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is not possible for me to
state how many new ports of delivery arc estab-
lished by this bill without goin - through it.
There are, however, very few, including the
present ports of delivery. It makes one in Mary-
land, I recollect. I think there arc but two or
three additional ports of delivery created by this
bill. They are certainly very few. The number
of collection districts is somewhat less than under
the old law.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
grossed for a third reading, was read a t/iird
time, and passed.
SENATOR FROM ILLINOIS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Critten-
den on the 27 th of February:
Resolved, That Lymax Trumbull is entitled to a seat in
this body as a Senator, elected by the Legislature of the
State of fllinoxs, for the term of six years fiom the 4th of
March, 1835.
Mr. STUART. I have no disposition to delay
the vote on the resolution, but I desire to suggest
to the Senate, in view of the importance of the
question, whether it would not be better to post-
pone the taking of the vote until some moment
when the Senate shall be more ftdl. I make the
I hope the question will
suggestion. I have no solicitude about it my-
self.
Mr. CRITTENDEN
be taken at once.
Mr. TOUCEY. I call for the yeas and nays
on the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I should not
have said a word on this subject, but for the
information which has been brought before us by
Senators, that there are many of the States in tins
Union who have considered themselves as retain-
ing a power to place qualifications or disqualifi-
cations upon the office of Senator. I was aware
that it had been done in one or two States, but I
was not aware that it was to be found in the
constitutions of so many. For myself, enter-
taining very decided opinions on the" legal ques-
tion involved—and it is a legal question only—I
will ask leave to place them on record by stating
them in a very few words.
My first impression, on looking at this question
—ana my very first impression, I admit — was,
that it might be, although the whole subject was
certainly under the control of the Constitution of
the United States, competentfor the Constitution,
from the character of the government it framed,
either to exclude the State authority from inter-
fering with the qualifications of Senators of the
United States, or to participate in the power.
The Constitution might, while prescribing certain
qualifications for a Senator, have left it to the
States which were to be represented, if they
thought proper to prescribe others. Doubtlpss it
would be competent for the Constitution to have
done so if, in the wisdom of those who framed
it, it was thought expedient; but, as I read the
Constitution, I am satisfied that the words of it j
are words of exclusion—by words of exclusion I i
mean words meaning that a citizen who has the i
qualifications prescribed by the Constitution shall :
be eligible—and therefore taking away from any |
State the power to prescribe other qualifications j
or disqualifications, although I had thought, on {
first impression, that they might be woids of
restriction only.
I cannot see, although I have listened with
great interest and instruction to the arguments
which have fallen from the opposite side, how we
can overcome this objection. The Constitution
has said the Legislature of the State shall choose I
theScnator. I suppose the phrase, " Legislatuie i
of a State," is to be taken in the popular accept- |
ation of the term—wherever the ordinary l^gis- {
lative power is vested by the State, there is the j
Legislature of the State. The Legislature of a '
State shall choose the Senator; and, in prescribing !
the only qualifications for the Senator, I under- '
stand the Constitution prescribes the onlylimita- .
tion on its sphere of choice. If he is thirty years
of age, has been nine years a citizen, and is an
actual resident of the State, he is eligible to the
Senate. If not eligible because of any other !
restiietion than the Constitution imposes, such j
restriction must be antagonistic to the will of the f
Constitution. It is a grant of power in the strict- |
est sense, and is to be construed strictly. It is a j
grant of power to the Legislature by the Consti- ;
tution of the United States. What is the grant? ;
To choose a Senator under these three restrictions |
and none others. That is the grant, and if the i
State supplies other restrictions it thereby impairs I
the grant. I do not sec how it is possible to allow ,
to the State Legislatures (although, perhaps, I j
might have been better satisfied if it had been j
allowed to thern) power to place any other quali- j
fications or disqualifications than those imposed j
by the Constitution, without changing and im-
pairing the grant of power vested by the Consti- i
tution of the United States m the Legislature. !
That consideration will govern my vote. j
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, the honorable Sen- !
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] whose title to i
a seat in this body is now the subject of consid- j
eration, was duly clectcd according to the forms, j
in rcspcct to " time, place, and manner," as pre-
scribed by the Legislature of that State, under
the authority and direction of the Federal Con-
stitution. That he possesses all the requisites of
qualification as prescribed by the Constitution of
the United States is not made a question. The
Federal Constitution prescribes in what manner
the Senate of the United States shall be composed.
It declares in the third section of the first article,
that "the Senate of the United States shall be
composed of two Senators from each State,
chosen by the Legislature thereof, for sixyears."
It prescribes the qualifications of United States
Senators by equally explicit language in another
clause of the same section, as follows:
" No person shall be a Senator who shall not have at-
tained to the nge of thirty years, and been nine years a citi-
zen of the United States, and who shah not, when elccted,
be an inhabitant of that State for which he shall be chosen.5>
The right of the Senator to a seat here is not
contested upon any ground or assumption that
he does not come within all these requirements
or qualifications. But it is claimed that the or-
ganic law of the State of Illinois requires other
qualifications, or, more properly speaking, at-
taches ccrtain other disabilities to the eligibility
of persons in that State to the office of Unitecl
States Senator. The provision of the constitu-
tion of Illinois which has been referred to and
relied upon, is contained in the tenth section of
the fifth article of that instrument, and is in the
following words:
(i The judges of the supreme and circuit courts shall not
be eligible to anv other office or public trust of profit in
this State, or the United States,duung the term for which
thev arc clccted, nor for one year thereafter. All votes for
either of them for any elective office (except that of judge
of the supreme or circuit court) given by the General As-
sembly or the people shall be void."
Now, the undisputed facts in the case of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, to which this provision of her
constitution is sought to be applied, and which, it
is contended, rendered him ineligible to the United
States Senate at the time of his election, are under-
stood to bo these: The Senator whose right to hold
a seat in this body is now contested, was elected
a justice of the supreme court of Illinois in the
month of June. 1852, the term of which, under
the constitution of that State, is nine years. He
was duly qualified, and entered upon the dis-
charge of his judicial duties. He resigned the
otiirc in the month of May, 1853, his resignation
to toko effect on the 4th of July following—thus
holding the office but little more than one year
out of the nine years of the term of the office.
His resignation was fully accepted, and his suc-
cessor as justice of the supreme court was elected
and commissioned on the 13th of the same July,
1853, and entered upon the duties of his office.
On the 8th of February, 1855—more than a year
and a half after his resignation of the office of
judge of the supremo court—Mr. Trumbull was
elected to the Senate of the United States by the
Legislature of Illinois.
This state of facts presents two questions for
consideration, if questions, indeed, they may be
called. The first is, whether it is competent for
a State to modify, either by adding to or taking
from, the requisites of qualification of a United
States Senator, as prescribed by the Federal Con-
stitution? Or, in other words, can a State attach
or impose disabilities or disqualifications to the
eligibility of a person to the United States Senate
not imposed by the Federal Constitution ? Or, to
express it in still in another form, in reference to
the higal qualifications of a United States Senator,
shall the constitution of the Slate, or the Consti-
tution of the United States, be regarded as tho
paramount law of the case? Assuming an affirm-
ative answer to the first question which arises,
the next one is, does the disability or ineligibility
of a judicial oUlcer under the constitution of Illi-
nois to any other office in the State or the United
States, during the term of that office and a year
thereafter, attach to the person during the whole
constitutional term or period of the office and a
year thereafter, whether he holds that office
during the whoi*term or not ? Or, in other words,
doe3 the disability follow the person for ten years,
although he may have resigned the office in three,
two, or one year from his appointment? Or, to
express it in still a different form, is not the dis-
ability as effectually removed at the end of a year
after he shall have resigned the office as at the
end of a year after the expiration of tho consti-
tutional term ?
In considering the first of these questions, it is
obvious to remark that the Senate of the United
States is the creation and its members the crea-
tures of the Federal Constitution, It is a co-
ordinate branch, not only of the legislative, but
also of the executive, department of the Federal
Government. Its composition, its powers, its
duties, its jurisdiction, and the qualification of
