570
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 15,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Nicaraguan Revolution—Mr. Weller.
Senate.
of an investigation to be instituted by himself.
This course was suggested by Captain Bolton
in consequencc of some of ins officers making a
representation similar to that of Lieutenant Du
Pont, of the mode in which they had been oggres- ,
sively treated in the theater by the police force of 1
the town. .
I re "ret that I have not time to read the earnest
and manly letter of Captain Bolton to Commodore
Hull, and am compelled to confine myself to this
brief statement. Commodore Hull instituted no
investigation himself, as suggested by Bolton, but
referred the whole matter to the Governor of the
town, though the Governor had prejudged the
question as he well knew before referring it to
him. He left all these officers to Spanish justice,
and the result was a denial of any redress for a
shameful outrage. It is in reference to the com-
plaint made by Captain, then Lieutenant Du
Pont, to Commodore Hull, narrating the facts of
this outrage, that the unjust charge of the la.tter
against Du Pont, as a leader in insubordination,
was made in his dispatch to the Secretary of the
Navy, which has been so freely used by the Sen-
ator from Texas for assailing the character of
Captain Du Pont as an officer.
Sir, the great injustice of which the honorable
Senator is guilty in reference to the whole of that
transaction, consists in this: that he rakes up
matters which occurred sixteen years ago, and
were then justly disposed of; and, not content
with that, converts accusations into facts, and so
treats them for the.purpose of assailing Captain
Du Pont. J
The Secretary of the Navy wrote his first dis- ;
patch censuring the officers of the Ohio, founded j
entirely on the complaints of Commodore Hull,
without a hearing of the officers. After the offi-
cers came home, under his order, Secretary Pauld-
ing heard their statements; he reexamined all the
dispatches of Commodore Hull, and.came to the ,
deliberate conclusion that no offense whatever
had been committed, and he therefore sent the
officers back to their ship, and compelled Com-
modore Hull to read the exculpatory dispatch on
the deck of the Ohio. Was not this the position
of the question ? Then why should it be reopened,
here now to attack the character of these offi-
cers ?
The honorable Senator relies entirely on the j
statements contained in the first letter of Secretary j
Paulding, as facts. They were mere statements, I
founded solely on the representations of the j
Commodore. Secretary Pauiding himself knew
nothing personally of the matters. The Senator i
relies on his first letter, as containing the facts;
and when you tell him of the subsequent determ-
ination of the Secretary, founded on investi-
gation, he attempts to avoid it, by answering
that p litical or personal influence induced Mr.
Paulding to recall his former censure. Is that
just to any officer in your service? Sir, I take
the liberty of saying, though I have been com- :
polled to speak as 1 have done in reference to
Commodore Hull, that no man feels a higher
respect for his memory than I do; that no man
thinks more highly of the renown which he
acquired for himself, and the glory which was
reflected upon his country from the gallantry of
his actions. But, sir, Commodore Hull when
he went to the Mediterranean was an old man,
and no one can examine the correspondence
without seeing evidences of the effect of age on
his nervous temperament. That is the solution
of the difficulty. In point of fact and truth, the
feelings of Commodore Hull towards his officers
were such, that there can be no doubt he would
have resorted to courts-martial or courts of
inquiry, if their course had justified it in the least
degree; but the extraordinary case is presented,
that four or five young men were so minutely
attentive to their duties, that not one solitary fact
could be found in a long cruise, on which he
could bring them before a court-martial or a
court of inquiry.
Before closing, I ask permission of the Senate
to read a letter which I received on Monday from
Captain Du Pont, written some days previously,
which, in justice to him, and becau e I cordially
sympathize with the spirit and feeling that dic-
tated it, I think it my duty to read; and 1 ac-
company it with the declaration that, if the Sen-
ator from Texas, or any other Senator, desires
any form of investigation into Captain Du Pont's
official conduct during the whole period of his
s>*rvice, no objections will be interposed to the
inquiry by the Senators from Delaware. The
letter is dated near Wilmington, April 23, 1856,
and is as follows:
Ncar Wilmington, (Dei..,) April Q8,1858.
Mv dear om: As X understand it is your purpose again
to address the Senate on a topic wtiicli has already occupied
au unusual degree of its attention, allow me as one oi your
constituents, who has been honored by your friendship, to
make a very few suggestions on the subject of the debate,
and only to far as it relates to niv personal character.
For some reason unknown to ine, although I was hut one
of the commanders assigned by the Secretary of the Navy,
as a member of the naval hoard, I have been subjected to
an unusual share of censure. Itcould not be, that the ob-
ject of the attacks on inc was merely to destroy so humble
an individual as myself; and if it was intended by them
to impair public confidence in the dccUions of the naval
board, surely not iing could be more u;iju -t than to condemn
the judgment of futeen men for the delinquencies of on-.
I held a very unpretending po-ition in association with
my brother o cers of that board. Yet, character to me
id as dear as it is to any man in the Navy, or even in the
Senate. 1 wish, therefore, to say, or that you my representa-
tive may say lor me, in such manner as t • you shall seem
fit, that I do not &eek to shun any inquiry or any trial, upon
any eliargo which the wit ofman can invent, tending to im-
peach my reputation as a gentleman, or as a faithlul officer
of the Navy. I have been in the Navy forty years. I have
b ien at sea twenty years. I have b :eu the executive officer
of three classes of vessels, and have commanded every rate
troni schooner and brig, to corvette and first class frigate.
In that duration and vauety of service, I have never been
arraigned bei'ore a court martial, or a court of inquiry, nor
lias citn r evvr been asked lor or ordered to sit upon me.
During this period of forty years, I have never been arrested,
nor have J ever been suspended from duty for a single hour.
I have had the still greater good fortune never to have
brought any officcr under ine to trial; nor has the order,
discipline, or efficiency of my commands ever been im-
pjaencd. I have neverdisolieyed an order during my whole
naval life.
Once, and once only, during all my naval service, was I
censured by supjrior authority. I refer to the reprimand of
all the wardiooin officers of the Ohio, of whom I was one,
by that able Secretary of the Navy, the Hon. J. K. Pauld-
ing. This distinguished gentleman, who graced the position
he held not only by his capacity, but by his strict sense of
justice, made to me and my comrades the most ample repa-
ration for the wrong thus done. My vindication on this
subject by yourself, by the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and by your distinguished col-
league, wiio, I am proud to add, has also honored ine by his
friendship for many years, is made so complete that I should
be taxing your patience should I add anything more in
regard to it.
1 desire to be distinctly understood, not as shunning, but
as courting, the strictest scrutiny of every act of my whole
naval li.'e, for anything that I have ever done or omitted to
do. I will take exception to no tribunal the Senate may
, appoint to try me; and I will plead no lapse of time, no
j subsequent service, no extenuating circumstances of youth,
temptation, or excitement.
For myself, if avowed such a trial, T have no solicitude,
whatever may be the forms of investigation, or the sources
of iniormation sought.
When about to be assigned duty on the naval board, I
desired the honorable Seer tary of the Navy to excuse ine
from that service for considerations peculiar to myself.
He refused, and ordered ine to that duty. That order was
my law. I obeyed and discharged my duty without fear,
favor, or prejudice. Had I disobeyed, I should have sub-
jected myself to instant dismissal. Had I presented my
1 resignation, I should have deserved the same fate. Military
orders cannot be disobeyed on account of dangers moral or
physical. To have flinched from either, by disobedience or
resignation, would have been cowardice. Whatever I may
have thought of the drop-clause inserted by the House of
Representatives, which more than any other provision of
the law has been the subject of complaint and censure, it
was not for me to decide upon its merits, but to obey.
And yet that obedience constituted the ground on which I
have been arraigned before the Senate. Of this injustice
it is that f complain, and I desire that complaint to be laid
before the country.
I am. dear sir, faithfully yours,
' S. F. DU PONT.
Hon. James A. Bayard, United States Senate.
Mr. President, I have no comments to make on
this letter; it meets my approval in every respect;
it challenges any inquiry which the Senator from
Texas, or any one who thinks with him, may feel
■ disposed to make. Sir, the names and reputation
I of citizens of Delaware stand high in your naval
' annals. No more brilliant victories were achieved
during the war of 1812, by any officers in your
service, than those of her Jones and her Mc-
Donough. I do not often indulge in eulogy, and
have no pretensions to a prophetic spirit, but I
will venture the prediction that, if our country
should be engaged in war while Samuel Francis
Du Pont remains in the service, he will maintain
to its fullestextent the distinction which was won
during that war for the smallest State in the Union
by the gallantry and skill of her sons.
NICARAGUAN REVOLUTION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. B. WELLER,
OF CALIFORNIA,
In the Senate, J!lay 15, 1856,
On the message from the President of the United States in
reply to a resolution of the Senate of the 24th of March,
and a resolution of the House of Representatives of the
8th of May, having reference to tlie routes of transit
between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, through the
Republics of Nicaragua and New Granada, and to the
condition of affairs in Central America.
Mr. WELLER said: Mr. President, I come
from that section of the Union most deeply inter-
ested in keeping open the route through Central
America. To my constituents it is eminently a
practical question, and this must be my apology
for intruding, for a few moments, upon the atten-
tion of the Senate.
1 regret very much that the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] to-day, has not only
mistaken the question presented in the message,
but placed many gentlemen, with whom in past
years I have been upon terms of intimacy, and
for whom I cherish feelings of friendship and
respect, in a false position. If he will take the
trouble to investigate the facts as they really
exist, I think he will become perfectly satisfied
that he is wrong in applying the epithets which
he has applied to those Americans who were con-
nected with General Walker in the late revolution
in Nicaragua. Few questions have been more
grossly misrepresented by the public press than
that revolution. What are the facts?
Early in the year 1854 there was a contest be-
tween Chamorro and Castillon, rival candidates
for the presidency of that Republic. The former
was in command of the Army, and through this
influence secured a majority of votes in his favor,
and was inaugurated. Chamorro was an old Span-
iard, with ail the prejudices of his race against a
government based upon public opinion. In other
words, he regarded physical force indispensable
in the government of man—that nothing short of
absolute power in the hands of the Chief Magis-
trate could give stability to a government. He
was, in all his notions, opinions, and sympathies,
a despot. Castillon, who was also a Spaniard, was
a well educated gentleman, and had passed much
of his time upon the continent of Europe and in
the United States. He had become liberalized in
his principles, and had formed a high admiration
of the institutions of this country. It was his
most earnest desire to see established in Nicara-
gua a constitution and laws similar to those which
have secured prosperity and happiness to us. In
this contest, as I have said before, he was beaten.
One of the first acts of Chamorro was to expel
Castillon and his adherents from the territory of
Nicaragua. They took refuge in Honduras.
In a few months, ascertaining that the people
of Nicaragua were so much enraged at the tyr-
anny and despotic rule of Chamorro, that they
were ripe for revolution, he placed himself at the
head of some thirty-six men, and, relying upon
the affection of the people for him, landed at
I Rivas. The result proved that the confidence
i which he reposed in the people was not mis-
j placed. A large portion of the Government
' troops, as well as the people, hailed his arrival
; with great enthusiasm. Being sufficiently rein-
■ forced, he advanced at once upon Leon, where a
; battle was fought, in which his troops were vic-
torious, and Chamorro was driven back to the city
of Granada, a strongly fortified town. Castillon
pursued him and took a position outside, where he
remained for several months. In the mean time,
a provisional Government was organized at Leon.
Gentlemen of both fortune and ability were
placed at its head. This was called the Liberal
or Democratic Government. Under these circum-
j stances the most liberal offers of lands, &c., were
1 (by proclamations) made to North Americans
who would come and assist in maintaining that
Government. . ...
I passed through that country twice whilst
these two Governments were in existence. I saw,
myself, handbills posted up along the route at dif-
ferent points between San Juan del Norte and
San Juan del Sud, inviting our countrymen to
