1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
571
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
jNicaraguan Revolution—Mr. Weller.
Senate.
join the Democratic party, and assist him (Castil-
lon)in overthrowing the despotism established by
Chamorro. fie signed himselt' the " Democratic
Leader of .Nicaragua." Manyof ourcitizens,
passing along the route, joined his forces. An in-
vitation, directly from that Government, was sent
to Genera! Walker, offering him a large grant of
land, if he would raise a military force and aid
in this work, the overthrow of tyranny and the
regeneration of Nicaragua. The invitation was
accepted; and General Walker landed at Rivas
with fifty-six men. He was soon, however,
joined by some three hundred Americans from Cal-
ifornia. Very few weeks elapsed after this time be-
fore the old Government was entirely overthrown.
In the meanwhile the two most prominent actors
in this revolution died—Chimorro, of consump-
tion, at Granada, and Castillon, of the cholera, at
Leon, I believe. General Walker was at once
placed at the head of the army. Rivas, a native of
Nicaragua, and a gentleman of education, distin-
guished for his liberal ideas, and having no preju-
dices against our people, was made provisional
President. A regular government was at once
established, with all the machinery necessary to
give secuiity to person and property. Civil war
ceased to exist, and all dissensions were hushed
into silence.
The people, discovering that under the new
Government their rights and persons would be
protected, gave in their adhesion,and not a mur-
mur was heard. The Government, thus consti-
tuted, has been in existence for more than six
months, and I affirm that during that period Nic-
aragua has been less disturbed by civil dissensions
than during the same length of time since the sep-
aration from Mexico in 1823-'24. You have no
testimony, of any character, that there is a party
now in Nicaragua that desires to disturb or over-
throw the existing Government. I have no knowl-
edge of any attempt being made to do so. There
certainly is no other Government in that State,
nor is there ar>y contest as to who shall control
its administration. Now, after the lapse of six
months, the question arises, whether we are
authorized to receive a minister from that Gov-
ernment? Under our Constitution, the power to
receive ministers is vested exclusively in the Pres-
ident, and in the exercise of this power he has
received a minister, properly accredited, and for
this he is denounced.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Critten-
den] confounds this question with that of recog-
nizing the independence of a colony which has
revolted from the mother country. This is a
simple proposition to receive a minister from a
new administration of an old and long-recognized
independent Stale. 1 am sure that my distin-
guished friend can discriminate between these two
cases. The one is a question of great delicacy—
requiring much prudence and caution. To rec-
ognize the independence of a State, whilst we are
upon terms of amity with the Government from
■which it has revolted, and before that Govern-
ment has ceased all efforts to subdue it, is, as I
have said before, an exceedingly delicate question.
The message of General Jackson, to which he
alludes, lays down the principle which ought to
govern us in cases of this kind. I undertake to
affirm that there is not a single sentiment in the
message, which has just been read, that contra-
dicts in the slightest particular the message of
General Jackson. I examined that document but
the other day, and I challenge the Senator to show
in what respect its principles have been violated
in the paper now before us. I think he will find,
upon examination, that the principles there enun-
ciated had no application whatever to this case.
One might suppose, from the manner in which
the Senator has treated this question, that the
reception of a minister must necessarily involve
us in a war. A war with whom ? Whose rights
have we trampled upon ? What part of the law
of nations have we violated ? Will the Senator
be good enough to inform me? What was the
duty of the President under the circumstances ?
Here comes a minister regularly accredited from
a Government which has existed as an independ-
ent republic for many years. Was he to reject
him, because unfortunately his Government was
involved in a war with a neighboring State ? Is
this any reason why the minister should be re-
jected ? or are we to reject him because the Admin-
istration which sent him here came into power
through the intervention of physical force? I
regret to say, that it is very seldom that change^
are effected in the administration of the South
American States where physical force is not used.
Our disputes are settled at the ballot-box—theirs
on the battle-field. The President shows in his
message that five distinct Governments in Mex-
ico had been recognized within a few months,
and it has been our uniform practice to recognize
the de facto Government, without stopping to
inquire how it came into existence. This policy
is more necessary in regard to the Central Ameri-
can States than any other portion of the world,
because they lay upon the great highway between
the Atlantic ana our Pacific possessions. How
can you maintain your communication unless
you recognize the de facto Government? To whom
will you apply for redress for outrages committed
upon the persons or property of American citi-
zens? That North Americans aided in bringing
this Administration into power I do not pretend
to deny; but I know of no principle recognized
by this Republic which prevents its citizens from
taking partin the civil wars which convulse other
nations. Would you reject a minister because
your countrymen aided in bringing a new Admin-
istration into power ?
It is very probable that some of our people
have taken partin all the revolutions which have
divided and distracted the southern portions of
this continent. And here let me stop and ask
the Senate to look at the character of the war
which Costa Rica is now waging against Nicar-
agua. No war has been formally declared against
the State, but Costa Rica, with her army, invades
the territory of Nicaragua, bearing aloft a black
flag, upon which is inscribed, " Death to all
Americans." In such a contest you could not
expect that the people of this Republic would not
become intensely excited, and that their sympa-
thies would not become warmly enlisted in the
cause of the new Government. Americans love
liberty, and sympathize with those who are
struggling for free institutions. Carrying out the
declaration emblazoned upon her flag, they have
shot down, in cold blood, North Americans who
were prisoners of war: they have marched a hos-
tile force to Virgin—taken Americans Who were
engaged in trade and traffic, wholly unconnected
with the Army, and most cruelly murdered them.
They have even taken women, tied them to trees,
and then deliberately murdered them. And all
this because they were born in our territory ! Are
we to submit to this ? Are we so weak that we
cannot punish the murderers of our innocent coun-
trymen ? Prisoners of war have been taken out
and shot by Costa Ricans. I do not pretend that
there is an obligation resting upon us to march an
army into Costa Rica, to avenge the outrages
committed upon the prisoners who fe'il into the
hands of her army, because they were Americans
by birth; but I do say, that the United States are
deeply interested in maintaining inviolate the laws
of nations.' No civilized Government now upon
the face of the earth undertakes to shoot down its
prisoners of war. This relic of barbarism has
long since been abandoned. Under the law of
nations,as now recognized throughout Christen-
dom, this brutal and inhuman act of the Costa
Rican army was deliberate murder. If Costa
Rica, in waging her war agairat Nicaragua, was
to execute all her prisoners, in violation of the
law of humanity, as well as of nations, I venture
to say that this Government would interpose at
once; and in this case, surely, we ought not to
refuse, because the murdered prisoners happened
to have been once citizens of the United States.
We ought to say to Costa llica, in unmistakable
language—ay, sir, language as loud and significant
as the booming of your heaviest artillery, that your
prisoners of war, whether born in Jlmerica or else-
where, are entitled to all the privileges secured to them
by the laws of nations.
We recognize the right of the American to ex-
Satriate himself, to go where he may, assist whom
e chooses in overturning existing Governments
and establishing new ones; and, so far as we are
concerned, it is only our duty to see that they
are treated precisely as if they were citizens of
other States. The only protection which we can
extend to them is that which is given by the law
of nations. I have said that our people have a
right to expatriate themselves, and to take with
them muskets, rifles, or pistols, as they may
choose. 1 know of no law which, justly admin-
istered, could subject them to a criminal prose-
cution.
1 said, upon a former occasion, that, in my
judgment, it would be impolitic to annex, at pres-
ent, any of the3e Central American States. This
is a question which, under the " manifest des-
tiny doctrine, must be settled by our children in
a succeeding generation. We are now, however,
at this day, most deeply interested in maintaining
a fixed and stable Government in that section,
and this you can never accomplish until North
American energy and enterprise shall have ob-
tained the control, and until the blood of our peo-
ple shall have been infused into their veins. Then,
out not till then, will be developed the immense
and inexhaustible resources of that the richest
i country upon the continent. The agricultural and
| mineral wealth of Nicaragua, under such influ-
i ences, would soon make her one of the greatest
of the American States. No man could predict
her future destiny. So far, then, from attempt-
ing to prevent our people from migrating to that
country, the true policy of the Government was
to encourage it.
I know that it is the duty of the marshal, and
other Federal officers of New York, to enforce the ,
neutrality laws, and I know that it is the duty of
a grand jury to indict all men who have violated
the laws of the country; but I never heard that it
was their duty to sneak,, under cover of night,
along your alleys, or through your grog-shops, to
find out whether some offense had not been com-
mitted. Police officers have been stationed upon
your wharves to examine every man going oti
board of the California steamers; to interrogate
them; and if they could obtain anything from
them indicating an intention to stop in Nicaragua,
an affidavit is filed, a warrant is issued, the vessel
is stopped, and the passengers delayed. This is
bad enough; but it is far worse when you have a
police force at the other end of the line in the
shape of a British man-of-war! The documents
on your table will show the protest of Captain
Tinklepaugh, of the American steamship Ori-
zaba, which I presented a few days since to the
President of the United States, which discloses
the fact, that, when he reached the port of Saa
Juan de) Norte, the British Government was not
only extending its protectorate over the Mosquito
territory, but over the port, as well as the river
San Juan? Captain Tarlton, in command of the
British frigate, sent Captain Tinklepaugh orders,
after he had transferred most of his passengers to
the river steamer, that they must be put. back
again upon the steamship, and that they would
not be allowed to go up the San Juan. Why?
Not because they interfered in any shape or form
with the Mosquitoes, whom the British claim that
they are bound to protect, but upon the distinct
allegation made by him, that these men were, in
his opinion, going to aid General Walker in
maintaining the existing Government of Nicar-
agua! Captain Tinklepaugh very foolishly
obeyed the order, and then wentashore in search
of Captain Tarlton. When he found him he was
informed that he (CaptainTarlton)did not choose
that North Americans should go up that river,
and join Walker's army ! Her Majesty did not
choose to let Americans settle in Nicaragua! The
captain of the Orizaba assured him that four
hundred of his passengers had through tickets to
San Francisco, and that only fifty of thpm were
destined for Nicaragua. " Well, then," said he,
" 1 will go on board your vessel, look at your
papers, and talk with your passengers." This
looked very much like the right of search—a
question upon which we have offered to fight the
world. He went on board the ship—the papers
were examined—the passengers were interro-
gated. Captain Tarlton became satisfied, arid told
the American captain he could go on up the river.
We can navigate the San Juan river, and visit
our possessions on the Pacific, pyovidrd we sat-
isfy Captain Tarlton that we will not stop in
Nicaragua! So it seems, that if this is sub- .
mitted to, we have at San Juan a British vessel
to assist the United States in executing the
