1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
218J
tioner was compelled, for his own security, to
take the contract off Wasson's hands, and he
has since been recognized as contractor for the
Department. Since the petitioner assumed the
execution of the contract, he has faithfully per-
formed his duty.
The evidence shows that a mail of the size and
weight at present carricd over this road cannot
be carried in two-horse post-coaches; and the
increase of military posts and the business of the
country forbid the expectation that the size and
weight of the mail will be diminished. The
petitioner is compelled to carry the mail in car-
riages drawn by four, and often by six mules;
and this must be done, or a portion of the mail
must be left. There is no prospect that a smaller
force will suffice to transport the mail during the
continuance of this contract.
From the length and difficulties of the route,
the hostile feelings of the Indians, through part
of whose country it passes, and the exposure to
robbeiies, the contractor must always send with
the mail a strong escort of well-armed men, em-
ployed at high wages. There is no prospect that
this expense can be discontinued during the exist-
ence of the present contract, unless a military
escort be allowed the mail; and such an escort
will cost the Government more than the entire
sum proposed to be allowed to the contractor.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 388) for the relief of Doctor
James Morrow.
The bill directs the Secretary of State to pay
Dr. James Morrow for his services as agricul-
turist to the Japan expedition under Commodore
Perry, compensation at the rate of $1,500 per
annum,during the time he was actually employed,
the same being additional to his compensation of
$25 per month as master's mate, and in full for
his services of every nature on behalf of the Gov-
ernment during his connection with said expe-
dition.
The report was read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
whether this claimant was appointed forany par-
ticular service, and if so, whether there was any
authority for his appointment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is tumble to
state. The Chair knows nothing of the ease,
except what appears in the report.
Mr. McQUEEN". Doctor Morrow was ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Navy, as the
report states, with the assurance that he would
rcceive adequate compensation for his services.
Holding the rank of master's mate, he discharged
the duties of an assistant surgeon on the ship for
two months and a half, and all the pay that he has
received is ^300.
Mr. HARLAN. I object to debate and to the
bill.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask whether the gentle-
man from Ohio objects to the bill or only to the
discussion ?
The CHAIRMAN. To the bill distinctly; or
the Chair would not have announced it.
An act (S. No. 162) for the relief of John H.
Scranton and James M. Hunt.
The act directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay, out of any money in the Treasury not other- j
wise appropriated, to John H. Scranton and James
3V1. Hunt, #7,333 33, for conveying the United
States mails on Puget Sound in the years 1854
and 1855.
The report states, that in the years 1852,1853, j
and 1854, so rapid was the increase of population '
and improvement, of the country about Puget's j
Sound, m Washington Territory, that post offices j
were established and postmasters appointed at !
Olympia, Port Townsend, and othei places, a j
distance of about three hundred and twenty miles, j
and the United States mail conveyed by contract
to the 30th of June, 1854, at which time the con-
tract expired. That after that date, there being
no contract conveyance, and the facilities of the
country requiring it, the petitioners, at the urgent
request of the citizens and business community,
the collector of the customs at Port Townsend,
and officers of the Territory, conveyed the mails
from the 25th of September, 1854, to the 28th of
August, 1855, by steamboats, and the service
was regularly performed, at great expense and
sacrifice.
That their claim for this service is sustained by
the evidence of the different postmasters on the
route and the United States mail agents, by the
action of the Legislative Assembly of Washington
Territory, and by the Delegates in Congress,
Messrs. Anderson and Lane, from Washington
and Oregon Territories, who say in their testi-
mony, that "in regard to the claim of Messrs.
Scranton and Hunt, for mail service on Puget
Sound, we would say, that the amount asked for
the service in question is about one half what the
United States are now paying for the same service
on the Pacific, viz: from Panama to Astoria, the
sum paid for that service is $348,250, a distance
of 3,500 miles' service, semi-monthly. This
amounts to about forty-nine dollars per mile."
" The distance from Olympia to the points on
Puget Sound mentioned m the memorial of
Messrs. Scranton and Hunt, is from three hun-
dred and twenty to three hundred and thirty
miles, and allowing the same rate per mile as is
paid for the other service, viz: from Panama to
Astoria, the claim of Messrs. Scranton and Hunt
would be upwards of $15,000."
Mr. LETCHER. What were the terms of the
original contract?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair can give no
information as to the terms of the onginal con-
tract.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand the
case to be, thai the former contractor gave it up,
and no person could be got to cany the mail for
the sum allowed. The collcctorof customs, mail
agent, and the business community urged the
claimants to perform the service 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
only allows tins discussion for a moment. Does
the gentleman from Virginia object to the bill?
Mr. LETCHER. I make no objection.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (TI. R.. No. 405) for the relief of com-
mander John L. Saunders. [Objected to by Mr.
LurhR.]
A bill (H. R. No. 407) for the relief of
Mary Jemison, deceased. [Objected to by Mr.
Letciier.J
At this point the committee rose informally;
and the Speaker having resumed the chair, a
message was received from the Senate, by Asbury
DtcRixs their Secretary, announcing that the
Senate had passed, with an amendment, a joint
resolution (H. II. No. 26) giving an increased
compensation to the laborers in the employment
of the executive and legislative departments of
the Government in the city of Washington;
that the Senate had passed the bill of the House
(No. 201) making appropriations for certain civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1857, with sundry amendments, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House; that the Senate had concurred in
the amendments of the House to the bill (S. No.
398) regulating the compensation of members of
Congress; and that the Senate had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the Uvo Houses on the Indian
appropriation bill.
The committee then resumed its session.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise for the purpose of taking up the
appropriation bills which have just been sent from
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to. So the committee
rose; and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. Haven reported that the Committee of the
Whole House had, according to order, had the
Private Calendar generally under consideration,
and had directed him to report to the House bills
of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 381) for the relief of Amos
B. Corwme;
A bill (H. R. No. 385) for the relief of George
H. Giddmgs, contractor for carrying the United
States mail on route No. 12900; and
An act (S. No, 162) for the relief of John H.
Scranton and James M. Hunt.
The House bills were severally ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, were accordingly read the third time and
passed. The Senate bill was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved to reconsider the votes
by which the bills were passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
_ An act (S. No. 398) to regulate the compensa-
tion of members of Congress;
An act (S. No. 381) to amend the acts regula-
ting the fees, costs, and other judicial expenses
of the Government in the States, Territories., and
District of Columbia, and for otherpurposes*,and
An act (S. No. Ill) providing for a necessary
increase of, and better organization of, the medi 
cal and hospital departments of the Army.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed ajoint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 27) extending the time for .the
creditors of Texas to present their claims, with
an amendment, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
civil appropriation bill, with the amendments of
the Senate thereto, be taken from the Speaker's
table for consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is evidentthat this bill,
and the amendments of the Senate to it, which
are many, must ultimately go to a committee of
conference; and it will save much time if the
House disagree to the Senate amendments in
gross, and at once have a committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. ORR. I dislike to throw any obstruction
in the way of the gentleman from Ohio, but I
think, under his suggestion, we will be taking
these amendments too much m gross. I should
like to have the amendments read.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will inform my friend
from South Carolina that it will take at least an
hour to read them. It is evident that we shall
not agree to all of these amendments.
The SPEAKER. The motion indicated by
the gentleman from Ohio can only be entertained
by unanimous consent.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The usual course
would be to refer these amendments to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means; but the gentleman
from Scuth Carolina knows that that committee
cannot meet daring the session of the House;
and the committee of conference will, therefore,
take the place of the Committee of Ways and
Means. The committee of conference will ex-
amine all these amendments, and report upon
them to the House. I trust, then, that the course
suggested by the gentleman from Ohio will be
pursued. It seems to me to be the proper way,
under the circumstances, in which to dispose of
the bill.
Mr. ORR. If the responsibility is to be thrown
on me, I withdraw my objection. I will not take
the responsibility of defeating any of these appro-
priation bills.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to know from
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Mfans what appropriation bills there are in the
House undisposed of? His answer will control
my conduct m reference to the present motion.
If we have no other appropriation bill here we
should proceed with these amendments as far as
we can. If we have other appropriation bills re-
quiring action, I, of course, shall follow in the
lead of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In reply to the gentleman
from Alabama, I will say that I understand there
are two committees of conference ready to report
who have failed .to agree with the managers of
the conferences on the part of the Senate. Those
reports will probably give rise to much debate,
and perhaps the yeas and nays may have to be
called two or three times. I am satisfied that we
cannot get along with the appropriation bills
without pursuing the course I nave suggested.
Mr. STANTON. Like the gentleman from
