1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
qualification for office, State or National, can be
prescribed only by the authority under which the
office itself exists; and that test must be uniform.
No State can prescribe a rule or standard of quali-
fication for office in any other State. Congress
can prescribe no rule or standard of qualification
for office in the States, and for the reason, that
they are all distinct and independent sovereign-
ties. For this reason the question of the eligi-
bility of a member in any of the State Legisla-
tures depends solely upon the constitution and
laws of that State. In like manner, and for the j
same reason, the question of the eligibility of a
member of either House of Congress from any !
one of the States, so far as it relates to his legal !
qualification, must depend solely upon the Con- !
stitution of the United States. Any other rule
than this would not only be impracticable, but it
would lead to endless confusion and to endless
conflicts between independent sovereignties. Let
me be understood as speaking only of the eligi-
bility—of the legal qualifications—of the person,
and not of the manner of his election; the regu-
lation of which, as to Senators and Representa-
tives in Congress, the Federal Constitution has
committed to the Legislatures of the several
States. If it be admitted that,, notwithstanding
these reasons to the contrary, the States may still
require other tests of qualification, and impose
other disabilities for the office of Senator or Repre-
sentative in Congress besides those enumerated in
the Federal Constitution, then it follows that one
State may impose these tests or disabilities for one !
cause, and another State may do it for a different j
cause, and so on through all the States of the \
Union; and the result is that, outside of your Fed- j
eral Constitution, you may have prescribed for
you the various and ever-varying' tests of qualifi-
cation of thirty-one different States, as so many I
rules for your guidance, by which to decide the |
eligibility or the title to a seat here of the mem-
bers who compose this body. This body is com-
posed of sixty-two members, representing the 1
thirty-one States of the Union, yet representing
and acting for the whole Union, holding their
places under one common Federal Constitution, '
which defines their tenure of office, prescribes and
limits their powers and jurisdiction, and from
which they derive all their official functions, and
which prescribes the same uniform rule or test
of qualification for all alike; yet, under the theory
now asserted and insisted upon, you must con-
sult the constitutions and laws of the thirty-one
States of the Union, in order to determine the
constitutional right to a seat here in the Senate
of the United States, of its own members! In-
stead of having but one uniform rule or standard
of qualification you have thirty-one, and all these !
subject to illimitable variation from time to time,
aside from the one uniform rule furnished by the
Constitution, by whose creation alone we have a
political being as a legislative body. A more
absurd proposition, in theory or in practice, can
hardly be conceived. It is utterly repugnant to,
and subversive of, every principle upon which par-
liamentary or deliberative bodies of every char-
acter are constituted and controlled. I repeat,
that the question of eligibility to any legislative
body, or to any other office, must, in the nature
of things, be determined by the authority under 1
which that body exists or that office was created
—from which all their functions are derived, and
by which they are, of necessity, regulated and
controlled.
The latter clause of the section cited from the
Illinois constitution, declaring that " all votes for
either of them"—that is, the judges—" for any
elcctiveoffice (except that of judge of thesupreme
or circuit court) given by the General Assem-
bly, or the people, shall be void," is to be con-
strued in connection with the preceding sentence, :
and must be governed by it. Whether votes given 1
to an individual for a particular office are void or j
not must depend upon the eligibility of that indi-1
vidual to the office in question. This is but an-
o(lier form of declaring the ineligibility^ of the j
judges of Illinois to any other office. If it turns !
out, notwithstanding the proposed inhibition,
that the person receiving the votes is eligible, the j
votes are valid and of effect for the purpose of an j
election, and cannot be rejected as void. If, on
the other hand, it turns out that the person receiv- j
ing them is not eligible, or that there is no such |
person in being, then such votes are inoperative
and void for the purpose of an election. It in-
volves a contradiction in terms to say that votes
cast for an eligible person are void, or that votes
cast for an ineligible person are valid and op-
erative for an election. If the person receiving
the votes is constitutionally privileged to receive
them, they are good and valid: if fie is constitu-
tionally and rightfully inhibited from receiving
them, they are null and of no effect. The last
sentence in this section of the constitution of Illi-
nois is, therefore, but a repetition, in different
phraseology, of the inhibition expressed in the
preceding sentence, and to be interpreted with it.
This does not pertain to the manner of the elec-
tion; but pertains exclusively to the eligibility of
the State judges to any other office, and is but
expressing the intent more strongly in another
form, by declaring that all votes cast for them
shall be void. The right to declare what votes
shall be void is not derived, I submit, from the
authority to regulate the manner of the election.
In every view that can bo token of this question,
the conclusion seems to be irresistible that this
provision of the constitution of Illinois, so far as
it may be construed as inhibiting her judges from
eligibility to the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States, by the votes of her
Legislature in the one case, and by the votes of
her people of the several congressional districts in
the other, does not carry with it the sanctions of
a constitutional obligation. It cannot, in any
sense, be regarded as the exercise of a power
reserved bv the States, for the obvious reason
that the power was not original in, and never be- i
longed to, the Slates. It is an emanation of the j
Federal Constitution itself, having its origin m |
it, springing from it, and inherent m it. Con- j
gross itself was born of the Federal Constitution, ,
and its'Vnembers live, and move, and have their j
political being from it. It giants to the Congress j
its functions; and from the nature and necessity j
of the case it is the only rightful authority which !
can fix the test of capacity or qualification of its {
own agents who are to exercise these functions, j
This inhibition in the constitutions of several
of the States, regarded simply as the expression
of a rule of policy or expediency for the action
of the Legislature or of the people, and merely
advisory to them, and not having the force of
a binding obligation, is entitled to respectful con-
sideration, and should have its proper degree of
influence upon the action of the elective power.
It was doubtless regarded by the framers of these
constitutions as politic and wise to place the
judicial offierrsof the Statebeyond the immediate
inducements and temptations of political prefer-
ment. This is the manifest purpose of these pro-
visions. The (.'lectors can give them what con-
sideration they please. The inhibition can only
be treated as an advisory rule of action, founded I
upon considerations of sound policy; and not as a
mandate of positive constitutional obligation, so
far as it relates to United States officers. It is the
enunciation of what many regard as a correct and
conservative principle m the organic law, with-
out the authority to enforce its observance by the
sanctions of a constitutional obligation.
The view we take of this question involves no
invasion of the rights of the .State. In sustain-
ing the right of Mr. Trumbull to a seat here, we
are but acting in. harmony with the action of the
State of Illinois in electing him. We only decide
as tlicy have decided, upon the construction of
their own constitution, upon this point. In case
the Legislature of Illinois, influenced, and gov-
erning its action by the inhibition of this provision
of her constitution, should not see fit ever to elect
a person to the Senate who comes within such
inhibition, she is in no danger of any infringe-
ment of her rights m this regard; for the question
as to the effect of this provision cannot arise here,
so that we should have no opportunity of invading
her constitutional rights if we would. And so
of any other State. On the other hand, in the
event of the Legislature regarding the inhibition
as not one of binding force, and which the State
had no authority to adopt in its organic law, and 1
no power to enforce—regarding it as in contra-
vention of the express provisions of the Federal
Constitution, and as subordinate to it—regarding j
it merely as an expression of a prudential rule
of action, which may or may not be adopted, as
secondary or paramount public interest may indi-
cate—should see fit to elect a person to the Senate
who does come within the letter of the inhibition;
and in the event that we recognize and indorse
that election as valid, so far are we from invading
any right of the State, we act in accordance -with
its expressed will, recognize its action, and adopt
its own construction of this identical provision.
In either case, therefore, no door is opened to ua-
whereby we can infringe upon the rights of the
State. In the one case we do Mot act at all; in
the other we act in accordance with the will of.
the State, as expressed through her Legislature.
But if we eject the member whom the State has
sent here as her representative, we do, in fact,
overrule the judgment of the State in the choice
of her Senator, and set aside the construction she
herself has deliberately given to this provision
of her constitution. By setting aside her action,
and overruling her judgment in this behalf, we
furnish much stronger ground of complaint than
can be done by accepting and indorsing the
expression of her will. While we approve the
construction which the State has given to its
organic law, and sustain her action under it, she
will not be very likely to complain of any en-
croachment upon her constitutional rights and
prerogatives. Complaints of this character will
be much more likely to be heard, and with much
more reason, when you shall have repudiated her
own practical construction of her constitution,
and shall have displaced from his seat in this
Chamber the Representative of her choice. But
enough upon this branch of the case.
I will pass to a brief consideration of the second
question which the case presents. Assuming that
a State may prescribe requisites of qualification
for Senators and Representatives in Congress, in
addition to those enumerated in the Federal Con-
stitution, and may impose additional disabilities
—does the prohibitory provision in the constitu-
tion of Illinois apply to the case now under con-
sideration ? I think it does not. Mr. Trumbull
was not holding the office of judge of the supreme
court of Illinois, and had not held it for more
than a year and a half, at the time of his election
to the Senate. I submit, then, that he was not
within the constitutional inhibition—that he was
no more ineligible than if he had never been a
State judge. But it is insisted that, having been
elected to the Senate within the period of the ju-
dicial term for which he had been chosen, the
inhibition attaches to the person as well as to the
officer, and runs through the entire judicial term
and a year thereafter, whether he continues in
the office or not. The word term, as used in this
connection, is to be interpreted as having refer-
ence to the continuance of the judge in the office.
This seems to be the most reasonable construc-
tion of it, and it manifestly has this limitation, as
used in other connections. After the judge shall
have been out of the office a full year after he has
resigned it, there is no apparent reason for apply-
ing the disability or inhibition to him, although
the term of the office may not yet have expired,
than after he shall have been out of the office a
year from its constitutional limitation. The rea-
son for the inhibition has passed away as effect-
ually in the one case as in the other. The judge
ceases to be a judicial officer upon resignation as
effectually as upon the expiration of the official
term; and having ceased to hold the office for the
space of a year from his resignation of it, or
from the constitutional limitation of it, the dis-
ability attaches no longer m either case. The
disability, I repeat, follows the officer, the judge,
and not the person. When he shall have been
out of the office a year, whether upon resignation
or upon the expiration of the term, he is remitted
to all the rights of eligibility to any other office,
which belong to any other private citizen. _ A
judge may be compelled, from caus'es over which
he has no control, to resign the office within a
year, or a month, or a week; and shall he be dis-
abled from holding, or being elected to, any other
office in the State, or the United States, for ten
years thereafter ? Is that the true reading of this
clause ? Is that a reasonable interpretaticpn ? Is
it a sound common-sense construction of it t Did
the framers of the constitution mean any such
thing ? Has it ever been so interpreted and ap-
plied in any case, or in any State where a similar
provision obtains? I think 1 am warranted in
giving a negative answer to all these inquiries.
I have said that the word term was used in
this restricted sense in othev connections. For
