1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
statement, in regard to the manner in which the treaty was
understood by that body, not founded in fact.
Tins attack upon Mr. Clayton, who is not now a mem-
ber ot the Senate, and who 1- absent from Washington, has
drawn from hun a i<*ply> a copy of which I have the honor
to mclosii, as published in the "National Intelligencer"
newspapei, accompanied by copies of a correspondence
which took place bt-tweenlnmseH and Mr. King, then chair-
man of the tfenale Committee of Foreign Relations. It
will be seen that Mr. King's letter of the 4th July,
entnely exculpate Mr. Clayton from The charge biought
a«dire«i him, the chairman of the Committee of Foreign
Relation* being, hv the practicc of the United States Gov-
ernment, the nppiopuate channel thiough winch commu-
nications of an explanatory natme take place between the
Legislature and the Administration, none of the meinbcis
of which, as your loidship is aware, have seats m either
House of Congress. It remains, however, to be seen how
Mr. Kin  vail reconcile his statement to Mi. Clayton with
the asseition of General Cass and other Senators on this
subject.
in a casual conversation which 1 had with Genera] Cass,
he expressed himself entirely saiibfn d with the coui^e her
Majesty's Government had puisued in regard to this matter,
and lemarkcd that, had he been aware of the real state of
The case, he should not have called the attention of the
Senate to the occupation of Roatan Inland by her Marty's
Government as being an infraction of the treaty of 1850.
Mr. CASS. I shall not detain the Senate but
a few moments; more indeed cannot be necessary.
There are two grave errors in the statement of
the British Minister to his Government. The
first is, that I should not have called for any
information from this Government had I been
aware of the existence of what is called the
" rider"—that is the supplementary arrangement
made by the Secretary of State and the British
Minister, by which the operation of that treaty
excluded all the Eelize and its dependencies. I
suppose there was hardly a Senator—I do not
know that there was one—who was aware, until
that paper was called out from the properdepart-
ment, of its existence. Mr. Crampton says that
I told him I should not have called for the
paper had I been aware of the existence of that
•rider. Mr. Crampton is in a very grave error in
this statement. I should have called for it the
more readily on that account. I should have
called for it in the first instance to denounce its
unconstitutionality, as I did as soon as it got
here. The treaty is made. The question with
relation to the mode of its ratification is an in-
ternal question affecting our own Government;
the stipulations of the treaty are external ones,
affecting a foreign Government. 1 have no de-
sign to go over that matter again. The Senate
know the ground I took; and most of its members,
1 believe, took the same, to wit: that the Secre-
tary of State had no right to annex a rider to that
treaty circumscribing its operation, and asserting
that such was the view of the Senate. He had
no constitutional right to do it, and it was an act
which deserved censure. I do not speak of the
individual, but I spoke of the great principle in-
volved. We ratified the treaty on its face, and
we were finally made to ratify it so far as respects
Great Britain, on tho statement of the Secretary
of State that we understood it, as he stated, and
not as its words plainly import. That is one
reason why I should have called for the rider,
had I known of its existence. I should have done
so for another reason personal to myself, which
was to avow that I had no participation in such
an action, and to redeem myself from the false
position in which I stood before the country.
Mr. President, I should not have voted for that
treaty if I had been aware of the existence of
that rider. I voted for it because 1 considered it
would carry into effect the jV.tonroe doctrine. I
understood, at the time, that it would relieve the
whole of Central America from the possession
and claim of the British Government. That I
did so is known to the Senate. I hold in my hand
the declarations of Mr. Walker, of Wisconsin,
of Major Borland, of Arkansas, and of Mr.
Downs, of Louisiana, all then in the Senate, on
that subject; and each of them states distinctly,
that at the time when the treaty was under ad-
visement I congratulated the country upon Central
America being relieved from the possession of
the British. 1 thought it took the whole country
from them. The treaty* on its face, declared
that it covered all Central America.
When this disclosure was made, it appeared,
by the rider accompanying it, which had been ai-
rangod between tho two commissioners, that tney
put their own construction upon the treaty, and
declared that a large portion of the country was
reserved from its operation. For these two rea-
sons, if I had known of the existence of the rider,
I should have called for it the sooner, and de-
nounced it the more readily.
That is the first error of Mr. Crampton, and it
is a very grave one, for the reasons I state. The
second error is, that Mr. Crampton says I told
him the Island of Roatan was a dependency of
Belize. Sir, the idea never entered my head. A
paper was published purportingto bean act of the
superintendent of the Belize settlement, announc-
ing that the Q,ucen of Great Britain had cstab-
j lished a colonial government at the Roatan and
other islands in the Bay of Honduras. A copy
was sent to me from Philadelphia, but I could
not act upon it. The object of my motion was,
therefore, to ascertain from the Department of
State if they knew authentically of the existence
of the proclamation, and the action of the British
Government? They stated that they did not; but
the terms of the call being general, they felt the
necessity of transmitting this paper, among
others, which had remained, unknown to the
public, in the archives of the Department.
With respect to Mr. Crampton's assertion, that
I told him the islands in the Bay of Honduras
were the dependencies of the Belize, referred to in
the rider, I have only to say it is an entire mis-
take, for which 1 can find no explanation. Why,
sir, what was the arrangement in ^tTie rider? It
applied to " the Belize and its dependencies;"thc
" small islands," says Mr. Clayton in his act of
recognition, " known " as the dependencies of the
Belize. They are five small islands lying off the
mouth of the Sarstoon river, some ten or twelve
or fourteen miles distant, known, since the treaty
of 1786, which I hold in my hand, as islands
dependent on the Belize, and those were the
islands intended to be described by Mr. Clayton.
It could not be otherwise. When Mr. Clayton
called them the "small islands," Me dependen-
cies, he did not allude to the important Island of
Roatan and the cluster of islands in the Bay of
Honduras, perhaps two hundred miles from the
Sarstoon, and which are among the most valu-
able possessions in Central America, for they
command the communication, and can strike
across all intercourse between the Atlantic and
Pacific coasts in peace and war.
I must renew the expression of my surprise at
this communication of Mr. Crampton; and that
surprise is still greater when I reflect that Mr.
Crampton himself never did believe that Roatan
and this cluster of islands were the " dependen-
cies" described in the rider. He expressly says
so in his letter to Mr. Clayton. I cannot turn to
it at this moment, but it has been read here, and
is published in the Globe. In this letter to Mr.
Clayton, he distinctly admits that the islands
referred to as dependencies of Belize were the
islands described in the treaty between Great
Britain and Spain in 1786. What were those
islands? They are thus described:
"The English nation xhall enjoy the liberty of jefitting
their merchant fhips in the southern triangle included be-
tween the point of C.iyo Carina and the cluster of small
islands which are situated opposite that part of the coa>t
occupied by the cutters, at the di*tance of eight leagues
from the nver Walhs, seven from Cayo Ca-ina, and three
from the rivet Siboon , a placc which lias alwavs been found
well adapted to that pu'pose. For winch end the edifices
and store-houses absolutely necessary lor that service shall
be allowed to be built; but m this concession is aho in-
cluded The express condition of not erecting foitificattons
there at any ?mv, or stationing troops, or constructing any
military woiks; and in like manner itshall notbe permitted
to station fiiiv -ships of wai there, orto construct an arsenal,
or other building, the object of which might be the forma-
tion of a naval establishment."
This cluster of small islands three leagues from
the mouth of the Sibun river are, according to
Mr. Crampton, the dependencies described in the
rider annexed to the treaty. I will state what I
believe is well known, that from that time till
now this lias been Mr. Crampton's opinion; and
he has made it known to his Government. He
has maintained the right of his country to these
islands in the Bay of Honduras, but on the
ground, not of the rider, but that they had a de
facto and de jure title.
Lord Clarendon..also claims them on the
ground, of spontaneous settlement. What kind
of squatter sovereignty " spontaneous settle-
ment " is I do not know, but that is one of the
links in the British title.
I do not intimate, sir, for I do not believe, that
Mr. Crampton has designedly made an errone-
ous statement. When that rider appeared, I said
in the Senate, and I say now, that, although the
proceeding was entirely unconstitutional and
void# by our own law, yet I considered the faith
of this Government committed by the act, and
that we could not, therefore, contend that the
treaty included the Belize and its dependencies
after they were excluded by the rider. I there-
fore said that the claim of the British Government
to possess the Belize for the purpose of cutting-
mahogany was good under that rider, and I may
have said the same thing to Mr. Crampton. He
may have mistaken my view, and applied my
admission concerning the Belize to Roatan.
I may say here, with every regard to propriety,
that with Mr. Crampton I have never had any
intimate relations. He never sought my confi-
dence, and I have never sought his. There is not
a word that ever passed between us which, I
presume, either would not be willing the whole
world should have heard. I may have met Mr.
Crampton in general society, an^ had some con-
versation with him as to tins treaty. I have notthe
remotest recollection of such a circumstance, but
I do not doubt that it was so; for I am sure Mr,
Crampton would not have stated such an occur-
rence had it not taken place. The conversation
he may have misapprehended; the interview he
could not. It shows the danger of diplomatic
gentlemen here, and elsewhere, repeating- to their
Government loose conversations in general parties
as furnishing evidence of the opinions held re-
specting public questions. It is a practice unjust
and dangerous. No gentleman should pursue
such a course. By so doing, he is liable to de-
ceive himself, and still more to deceive his own
Government. If that system is pursued we shall
ail of us become cautious when any one ap-
proaches whose interest or habit it is to relate to
his Government the conversation he can pick up.
I have no more to say, Mr. President, except
to disclaim entirely that I ever intimated to Mr.
Crampton what he supposes I did, or that I ever
thought of it; and I trust the whole course I have
pursued in relation to that treaty indicates, as
strongly as anything can, what has been my
opinion m regard to everything connected with it.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER BILL VETO.
The Senate resumed the reconsideration of the
bill to remove obstructions to navigation in the
mouth of the Mississippi river at the Southwest
Pass and Pa3s a l'Outre; which had been returned
by the President of the United States with his
objections.
Mr. TOOMBS addressed the Senate in support
of the positions of the President in his veto mes-
sage, and m opposition to the constitutionality
and expediency of works of internal improve-
ment. His speech will be found in the Appen-
dix.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do notintend to continue
this debate; but I desire to say a few words in
regard to the remedy which the Senator from
Georgia has suggested, fori expected that to be the
remedy. The condition of the admission of Lou-
isiana into the Union was, that no tonnage tax
should ever be charged on the Mississippi river.
Here is the provision:
uJlnd provided, That it shall betaken as a condition upon
which the said ferrate i^> incoiporated into the Union, that
the uver Mississippi, and the navigable nveis leading into
the «.ame, and into the Gult of Mexico, shall be common
highways, and (oiever fuju,as well to the inhabitants of said
State as to the inhabitant* of an> other State, and the Ter-
ritories of the United States, without any tax, duty, impost,
or toll therefor, imposed bv the said State; and that the
above condition, and abo all other the conditions and terms
contained m the thud -ecfion of the act, the title whereof
is hereinbefore recited, shall be con^ideied, deemed, and
taken, fundamental conditions and term> upon which the
said State la incorporated into the Union M
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask my friend if any agree-
ment between Louisiana and Congress—admit-
ting it to be binding—could takeaway the power
conferred by the Constitution of the United
States ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will come to that in a
moment. I have the Constitution before me.
The constitutional provision on this point is,
that—
vC No State shall, without the consent of Congiess, lay
any duty of tonnage, keep troop* or -?hip- oi war in tun©
of peace, enter into any agreement oi compact with an-
other State, or with a Yoieign rower, or engage m war
unless actually invaded."
Now, I ask the Senator from Georgia.if,under
the provisions of the Constitution of the uniteci
