572
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 15,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
neutrality laws! On the score of economy, perhaps,
this would be cheaper than to send two police
officers to San Juan, as was done in the case of
the Northern Light, to see whether any arms
were concealed under the coal-pit! But I hardly
think, much as the people lore economy, that they
will carry it to an extreme which involves na-
tional dishonor. If we tamely submit to these
outrages, we shall soon become a by-word amongst
the nations of the earth.
The British Government is afraid that we will
annex this territory and make it a portion of our
Republic, and this comes from the greatest land-
robber in the world, who never did obtain any
territory by fair and honorable means. We have
extended our territory by jmrehau—England by
robbery—and here is the difference. Her power
is now being exorcised in Costa Rica and Hon-
duras to expel the North Americans from those
States; and here let me say, that at no time have ^
the Americans constituted a majority of the army
under the command of General Walker. Nearly i
two thirds of his whole force are natives of Nic-
aragua. The small acquisitions of territory which
we have heretofore made haveexcited the jealousy
of the British Government, and we have been de-
nounced by her statesmen in the most unqualified
terms. In the meanwhile, scarcely a word of
complaint has escaped from us against British
annexation in the East Indies. In that country,
during the last eight years, they have annexed
more territory than is covered by all the Central
American States, including the Mosquito coast.
If Senators would take the trouble to look at it,
they will find that the area of the Central Amer-
ican States is generally put down at two hundred
thousand square miles, (but I think, in point of
fact, it does not exceed one hundred and eighty
thousand,) and the British Government has an-
nexed in eight years two hundred and two thou-
sand square milesWe have sent no vessels to the
Eastlndies to prevent a weak and defenseless peo-
ple from being robbed of their territory, nor nave
we attempted to arrest England's progress in that
direction. Have we not folded our arms and
calmly submitted to these acquisitions ? On the
continent of America, however, we have felt our-
selves compelled to resist the grasping policy of
that Government. We have said, and I trust we
were in earnest, that these States were not open to
the colonization of any European Power. Because
some of our countrymen have gone to these States
and sought for themselves new homes, a British
fleet is dispatched at once to that coast to see that
they do not obtain any foothold there ? And this
they call a fair execution of the Clayton and Bui-
wer treaty!
The acquisitions in the East Indies were made
under the pretense of protecting the people there.
They say they were bound by their treaties to
protect them against foreign aggression and in-
ternal dissension; they affirm that internal dis-
sension existed to such an extent that they could
only give protection by taking the government
into their own hands. This is what they call
protection; and no doubt this is the way in which
they intended to extend their protectorate over
the Mosquito coast—gradually absorbing all Cen-
tral America. Who can doubt that Great Britain
would extend her dominion over that country as
in the East Indies, if it were not that the United
States has an eye upon her movements, and has
power enough to arrest them ?
Here a ehange has been effected in one of the
Central American States; a new Administration
has come into power, and during the past half
year hu given the most satisfactory evidence of
its stability, and the President is asked to receive ,
its minister. |
The Senator from Kentucky tells us that this
is without any precedent. What did you do
when the Emperor Bonaparte, on the throne of
France, went coolly to work distributing the king-
doms of Europe amongst his relatives ? These
Governments had been revolutionized by the j
French army, and still you did not hesitate to '
recognize their ministers as soon as sent to you. !
You recognized that which he established as a !
dt facto Government, and did not trouble your-
' selves about its legitimacy. I say, it has been
our uniform practice to recognize in every case
the dejttcio Government; and this, then, so far
from being without precedent, is in conformity
with that established usage. Indeed, I think the
President would have been justifiable in recog-
nizing Colonel French-, if there had not been per-
sonal objections to him. The moral power of
our Government ought not to have been thrown
against Nicaragua. When a neighboring State
is struggling to imitate our example, and establish
free institutions, it is entitled to our sympathies,
and, as tar as possible under the law of nations,
to our support; and now, when they have sent to
us a minister of unexceptionable character, a
native of the country, there was no alternative—
the President was bound to receive him. As
attacks have been made upon the character of this
minister, I may be allowed to say that I received
upon yesterday a letter from a gentleman who
occupied a high official position in Nicaragua in
the years 1851 and 1852, who speaks of this min-
ister as one of the ablest and purest men in that
Government—liberal in his principles, and devot-
edly attached to a republican form of government
—a man who has stood by our countrymen in
scenes of trial and danger, and who has, never-
theless, retained the love and respect of his own
people.
I have no idea, Mr. President, that we are to
be involved in a war in consequence of the course
which has been pursued. I admit, that upon look-
ing over the whole ground, our difficulties_ in
regard to Central American affairs are fast coming
to a head. It may be that the recent movements
at San Juan will precipitate a decision between
us and Great Britain; and if it is to be settled by
an appeal to arms it may be as well adjusted now
as at any other time. 1 am very sure that I would
do all that an honorable man dare do to avoid a
war with any country. He who has stood upon
the battle-field, and seen his friends and comrades
stricken down by the balls of the enemy, and
their manly forms horribly mutilated, will never
speak lightly of involving his country in war.
But war, with all its horrors, is far preferable
to disgrace or dishonor. I would rather see our
glorious emblem, which now so proudly floats
over this Capitol, made the winding-sheet of each
one of us, than that dishonor should attach to
the American name. If, carrying out the great
principles which have always characterized our
Republic; and repelling the aggressions of British
power on this continent, involves us in war, let
it come. I represent a constituency upon whom
will fall the full weight of the first blow that is
struck in that war; but, notwithstanding this fact,
if a war be necessary to vindicate our national
honor, I give but utterance to the patriotic im-
pulses of their hearts when I say, let it come. The
God of our fathers will go with us to battle, and
give us the victory.
" Thrice is he armed who hath his quarrel just,
And he but naked though locked up in steel,
Whose conscience with injustice U corrupted."
In such a contest the domestic dissensions and
divisions which now exist amongst us would be
forgotten, and America would present an undi-
vided front to the enemy.
THE NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
Thursday, Jtfoy 15,1856.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the special
order, being the resolutions of Messrs. Iverson and Toombs,
in regard to the action of the Naval Retiring Board, and
the bill (8. No. 113) to amend the « Act to promote the
efficiency of the Navy."
Mr. MALLORY said: In addressing the Senate
upon the distinct subjects embraced by the spe-
cial order before us, I feel constrained to take a
somewhat more extended view of naval affairs
than they seem to comprehend; for, with an ear-
nest desire to see the naval service all that the
character and the interests of the country demand,
and believing that its claims upon the confidence
of the people, must rest upon their enlightened
judgment of its true character and mission, its
friends must invoke the vigilant supervision of
Congress as the surest means of developing and
maintaining its greatest efficiency.
I have listened to, or read, many of the format
speeches delivered here by gentlemen who dis-
sent from the views of the Executive, the Secre-
tary, and your JGtial Committee upon this subject,
and I will endeavor to review their arguments
fairly, and to reply to such of them briefly as, in
my judgment, are pertinent to the questions be-
fore us; for, I presume, sir, it will be conceded
that, during its discussion, statements, opinions,
inferences, and presumptions have been elabor-
ately uttered, the truth or error of which cannot
aid us to an enlightened judgment, and to which,
therefore, I do not feel at liberty to reply.
Private conduct, and character, ana personal
motives, have been canvassed and discussed with
a zeal rarely equaled in this body, and with a
latitude which, I am convinced, has not met its
approbation; and, though I may be constrained to
notice these to some extent, for the purpose of
asserting my unqualified dissent from the impu-
tations cast upon the board, I shall do so with a
due regard, I trust, for the rights and feelings of
others, and certainly with no purpose of adding
a feather's weight to the embarrassments of those
who feel that they have cause to complain.
Nor shall I deem it necessary to respond to
those addresses and appeals to the sympathies
of the Senate which may, without disrespect, be
termed the sentimental portions of the argument;
for though, I fear too much, disposed to yield to
the impulses of the heart rather than to observe
the dictates of the judgment — a tendency, sir,
which has not been weakened by my associations
here, in this, the most kind, courteous, and con-
siderate body of gentlemen upon earth—I think
that such appeals in many of the cases which
have called them forth have not only been erro-
neously based and misdirected, but 1 think, also,
that they but we taken the claims of those who
seek redress at our hands.
Their claims to restoration to the active service
of the Navy must rest upon their own merits or
the illegality of removal, and not upon our sym-
pathy; for if an officer from age, decrepitude,
disease, vice, ignorance, or misfortune, be, indeed,
incompetent to perform his part, no degree of
sympathy upon our part would justify his assign-
ment to the arduous duties of a profession which
preeminently demand the sternest and noblest
attributes of our race.
Our sympathies, our gratitude, our sense of jus-
tice and right, may extend to the faithful public
servant, whose feeble energies no longer respond
to the patriotic impulses of his heart, the foster-
ing ana protecting hand of the Government; we
may bind up his wounds, we may soothe his
sorrows and smooth his pathway to the grave—
we may do anything to prove that his country
gratefully remembers him—but we cannot give
him military command, nor consign to the timid
; hearts and palsied hands of infirmity and age,
! the honor and interests of our flag upon the deep.
I Sir, I have not been an indifferent or an unmoved
listener to these appeals. I have witnessed with
thrills of pleasure, the readiness and zeal with
which the brilliant and venerated intellects of the
' Senate have entered the lists in behalf of those
whom they deem the objects of injustice. It
' arouses all the generous emotions of our hearts to
, know that the humblest citizen who vainly seeks
! redress through other courts and channels, has
' but to tread the threshhold of these Halls, to find
within this Forum, the freest and most enlight-
ened upon earth, the sympathizing hearts and elo-
quent lips of men who are loved throughout the
land, to make their wrongs and their sorrows
known.
But, while listening to them, I have not forgotten
and I trust others have not forgotten, that there
j is a national side to this question, in compari-
| son with which the complaints of a few, a mere
handful of men, dwindle into profound and utter
insignificance. I have never allowed myself tofor-
j get that we have but a handful of ships and men—
a Navy perhaps the weakest on the face of the
earth; certainly the weakest of all maritime Pow-
ers, and preeminently the weakest in view of our
commercial tonnage and the sea-board which we
are called upon to protect. I have not forgotten
that our Navy has too long suffered from neglect,
maladministration, and a disposition to consult
the tastes and interest of individuals rather than
the interests of the country; that in this small
. band of officers,—every one of whom should be a
