1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1309
inroads of foreign warfare. Are they equally |
beneficial to all the people of the United States?
If, in regard to the expenditure of money for in-
ternal improvements, we are to individualize our-
selves, and look exactly to the equal benefit which
every one is to receive, why not apply the same
view to the admitted constitutional construction
of fortifications ? Why may I not say to the Sen-
ator, on his own principle, "you may make for-
tifications, but they must be national; and I in-
clude in that term, an equal benefit, an equal se-<
curity to everybody in the country?"
Now, I ask, can you say to me that the fortresses
which you have erectedin California are necessary
for my security in Kentucky—equally so as they
are to the people of California ? Nobody can say
that. But for your railroads, and telegraphs, and
steamers, a war might go on for a year in Cal-
ifornia, and I never hear of it in Kentucky. It
might rage for years without its remotest conse-
quences, or remotest evils, ever reaching me. If
you demand, as an essential element in every
constitutional expenditure of money for such
objects, that the benefits shall go equally to all
sections, to all localities, and to all the people
inhabiting the various sections of the country, no
work can ever be done; your hands are palsied,
and you have a Government the wonder of the
world—a Government which can collect money
unlimitedly, and yet a Government which can
appropriate none of it to the advantage and im-
provement of the country !
It seems to me that, on this principle, we are
reduced to a very low level, and a very poor con-
dition, in regard to Government. It would render
us perfectly impotent and incompetent to those
functions of Government, which are in other
countries esteemed useful and beneficial. If you
cannot make an improvement to the country at
the general expense, which is to advance the
general and national interests of commerce, unless
you can show that the benefits of it result equally
to all portions of the country, and to all its inhab-
itants, I do not see how you can constitutionally
construct a fortification, unless you can show that
it is equally necessary to the protection of the
whole country as of the particular spot which it
is intended to cover. The reasoning in reference
to the one case, seems to me to be equally appli-
cable to the other.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I will answer
the question of the Senator from Kentucky,
though I hardly know that it is necessary; for if
I have been so unfortunate as to talk for an hour
on that point without my friend from Kentucky
understanding me, it may be very useless to say
another word; but I must be put right. I cannot
allow the Senator to misapprehend my positions,
and I shall restate them and leave them with the
argument which 1 have already made.
I did not say that you could not defend this
country because the defense could not be equal.
The only source of power to which I look is the
Constitution. When the Constitution authorizes
a thing to be done, there is an end of the question
of power. I said (admitting, for the sake of argu-
ment, that you had power to make these internal
improvements) the true rule was to distribute the
benefits and burdens Of government equally on
all those who were to be benefited or injured by
it. Then I remarked the public defense was in-
divisible; it was impossible, m expending for that
purpose, that you could divide the public defense;
and therefore I said the only correct way of
equalizing that, which was but an approximation,
was in levying the taxes. I said that if you levied
your taxes ad valorem, every man pays taxes in
proportion to the amount of protection which he
gets from the Government. The money used in
the public defense cannot be appropriated to each
individual, but he pays inpioportion to his prop-
erty as neaily as you can approximate it. The
Constitution gives express power to use the Army \
and Navy for the defense of the country—none j
for internal improvements. Then I say, if you ,
attempt to make internal improvements, you are 1
bound to follow the rule of ail Governments, and 1
endeavor to distribute the benefits and the burdens
equally. , ,
The Senator from Kentucky has alluded^ to
the prosperous condition of this country. Sir,
has that prosperity arisen from such a system
as this? As I have shown you before, only
^17,000,000 have ever been expended for these
improvements by the General Government. Have
we grown from three millions to twenty-five mil-
lions of people by the expenditure of these
817,000,000.' Is it that which "has made us so
great? Has it been by levying money out of the
publicTreasury and squandering it on rivers use-
less to the country? No, sir; it was on those
great principles of liberty, equality, and justice,
which have been preserved, and to procure which
Jefferson vetoed your system of internal improve-
ments, Madison denied the right to exercise the
power, Monroe placed his veto upon it, Jackson
vetoed it, Tyler vetoed it, Polk vetoed it, and
Pierce vetoed it. This sluice has been stopped by
presidential vetoes, which have been maintained
by the people. We have grown great in spite of
it. Taking from the Treasury §17,000,000 for this
purpose did not make us great. If $170,000,000
had been taken, it would have been only an ex-
tension of the wrong. I was arguing that, in the
exercise of your power, you ought to distribute
your benefits in proportion to the burdens which
you impose. It is a sound principle in society
everywhere; and you should always do it where-
ever you can.
The Senator from Kentucky asks, does a fort
in California benefit him ? You cannot distribute
the amount of benefit, as I said in my former
argument, which I presume my friend did not at-
tend to; but if an enemy takes California, if you
destroy the nationality, if you pour out the life
blood of the body-politic, the country is dead.
Every man is interested; every man is bound to
give his life, liberty, and all his property to the
maintenance of the national life. You cannot dis-
tribute that, because it is wort' everything. The
public defense demands from him who has much,
every dime, and from him who has little, every
dime. It demands every life, and every item of
material wealth. All must be poured out when
necessary to maintain national hie. The only
way to preserve any equality, as I stated in my
argument, was in the levying, not in the expendi-
ture of money for this purpose. We have equality
in levying, and for an instance of equality in the
expenditure I referred to the Post Office Depart-
ment. There you have apportioned the burden
according to the benefits, as you could do. I
alluded to the Louisville and Portland canal, as
another instance of it. The Kcntuckian who car-
ries produce through it pays for it. The Geor-
gian who has none to carry there does not pay
for it, and it is not just that he should pay for it.
It would be a violation of the principles of eternal
justice to make him pay for it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, all the
means of giving prosperity to the country, and
multiplying its people, arc in some sense the
means of defending the country. They give you
that blood of which the gentleman says every
drop should be poured otit, when it is necessary,
for national purposes. When we consider our-
selves as one people, we can say as the gentle-
man does, and as I concur with him in saying,
that a fortification at San Francisco is a benefit
and advantage to me. Why > Not because you
can trace it by any arithmetical calculation of in-
terest—not because you can affix upon me or to
me a quantum of benefit exactly in proportion to
the amount of taxes which I pay—but because it
contributes to the exaltation, and protection,and
wealth of my country. I am willing to consider
that what is done for the benefit of one scction
(if it can be regarded as national, though it may
not be felt in some secure spot of the country) is
an advantage to all, because all constitute, at
last, one great whole—one great anion, and what
benefits onclimb benefits the whole systtm; what
strengthens one aim strengthens the whole body.
That is the view which I take of this matter;
and I do not see the difference between the prin-
ciple upon which fortifications are to be con-
structed, as admitted by the honorable Senator,
and the principle upon which internal improve-
ments are to be made, so far as relates to the ob-
jection on account of expense and the unequal
apportionment of the benefit. You are to consider
it on the national principle, that what benefits a
part benefits all—what strengthens one section
strengthens the whole country; and that argu-
ment will apply as well to internal improvements,
by roads, or canals, or rivers, as to the erection
of fortifications.
But in another point of view, and in every point
of view, is not the Mississippi of importance to
the national defense ? Suppose that Tex"as in
time of war is assailed—a weak portion of the
Union—how are you to get aid to her; how are
you to carry your munitions of war and your
troops there? The most convenient,and, in fact,
almost the only way of carrying them there, with
any useful expedition, must be through the mouth
of the Mississippi river. May you not make
great military roads? Why, sir, Mr. Monroe,
one of the authorities cited by the Senator, even
when he was in the act of vetoing bills of internal
improvement, admitted that a military road could
be made. Here is a great military highway, in
events which may be easily imagined. It is not
only your great commerce that is necessary to go
out to all the world through the mouth of the "
Mississippi, but your great military defenses,
your means of defense, your men, your armies.
How arc the men of the great West to be trans-
ported everywhere along your coast, where their
aid and assistance may be necessary in the de-
fense of the country? 1 know of no military
road in our country that would be more useful
for the purposes of war, or conduce more to the
national defense, than the means of its navigation,
and on this principle, it seems to me, it should
be considered a national object.
There is not one of the great men who have
been alluded to by the Senatorfrom Georgia who
vetoed internal improvement bills, that has not
admitted the power of making' national improve-
ments. General Jackson admitted it most dis-
tinctly. Not one of them buthas signed bills for
making internal improvements; not one of them
who has not maintained this principle by his
action. There is not one of diem who has con-
formed his action as President to the principles
announced by the Senator from Georgia. I believe
that during General Jackson's administration
there was more money expended for internal im-
provements than during any other Administration
which we have ever had. The Congress of the
United States, the House of Representatives with
Democratic majorities, have, upon solemn argu-
ment and deliberation, and by resolution, an-
nounced the principle, and given their sanction.
After all this, I think, on the score of authority
there is nothing to be gained by those who argue
against the unconstitutionality of such works.
Mr. WELLER. I do not desire to prolong
this discussion, but I have a few words to say
in answer to the Senator from Geoigia. Whilst
I agree with much that has fallen from the Sen-
ator, it seems to me that if his doctrines were car-
ried out he would make this Government an im-
practicable machine. I voted originally for this
bill. I voted for it because I did not suppose that
it came in conflict with any of the provisions of
the Constitution; and by looking at the Journal
I find that there were only three Senators in thia
Chamber who had the sagacity to discover that
we were violating the Constitution which we
have all sworn to support by passing this bill. I
have not supposed any one could claim that a
work of this character came within any of the
principles enunciated in the veto message of Gen-
eral Jackson; and yet it appears that my friend
from Georgia has discovered that all our Presi-
dents heretofore have declared that these great
national improvements, necessary for the protec-
tion and common defense of the country, were in
violation of that instrument! This, I confess, ia
news to me.
Why, sir, the Senator has told you that this
I Government lias undoubtedly the power to carry
lj on an extended system of fortifications; that if
i' we were now involved in a war with any foreign
country, we should undoubtedly have the right
to construct a railroad to the Pacific if it wero
necessary to transport your troops there in the
shortest possible time. I apprehend, if you have
power to do this in a state of war, you have the
power to construct that which is equally neces-
sary for your fortifications and common defense
! in time of war; and if you can do it in time of
>j war, you have the power in time of peace to take
: I those steps which are necessary to put the coun-
! try in a proper state of defense. If you can do
1 this in time of war, you can prepare for it in
' peace. Upon this point, it seems to me, the aa-
i, mission of the Senator has conceded the whole
j: question. . .
I Here is the mouth of the Mississippi river, out
