1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
m
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Mallory.
chosen man, without fear and without reproach—
we have no room for the idle, the ignorant, or the
vicious;—and I feel, sir, that when we are legis-
lating as to the character and qualifications of the
men of this branch of our national defenses,
every one of whom should be an honorable and
creditable representative of his country's charac-
ter and honor, our sympathies should yield to the
stern and obvious dictates of duty, and the hearts
of this body should be as impassable as the gran-
ite walls which inclose them.
Sir, I remember well that, on Nelson's last glo-
rious day, when bearing down upon the enemy,
when the deep blue sea, the brilliant skies, and
the magnificent array of naval power presented a
spectacle never witnessed before or since—when
the momentous interests of empires hung upon
the chances of battle—at such an hour the eager
eyes of Britain's gallant sons were strained to catch
the first revelation of the Admiral's signaled voice.
Then it was that Nelson's brief and manly signal,
" England expects every man to do his duty,"
—was thrown to the breeze. Sir, this was the
enunciation of no new truth, for the humblest
man of all that mighty host weli knew his obli-
gations to his country; but coming to them as it
did at that auspicious moment, when all hearts
pulsated in patriotic unison, it was hailed by each
as a special demand upon his energies; and under
its inspiration, with decks ringingto their respons-
ive cheers, Britain's seamen entered the battle,
and the shattered and flying hosts of the enemy
soon told how well they did their duty. And,
sir, from this elevated stand-point, while the eyes
of the nation are eagerly watchful for the signal
which our legislation shall proclaim for the Navy,
let us keep steadily in view that, in this handful ;
of gallant spirits, upon whom are to devolve the
momentous consequences of our defeat or triumph
upon the deep, there can be no room for the weak
or the vicious, but that Congress expects every
man to do his duty.
Before adverting to the arguments advanced
here, sir, I deem it proper to glance at the con-
dition of the service before the act of last session
was passed; because a knowledge of the evils
which the law was designed to correct will aid
us in arriving at the true aenstruction of the rem-
edy applied. A permanent naval establishment
upon a limited scale, as a nucleus, with innate
powers of expansion, which the breath of Con-
gress might develop to any extent at will, has
ever been regarded as the settled policy of the
country. In its organization, we naturally fol-
lowed the examples of Britain; and to this hour,
though excelling her in the qualities of our ships
and officers, we retain some of her usages and
customs which are, at least,of questionable utility.
In one important feature, however, we have
always differed from her. She has no fixedprin-
ciple by which promotions in her service are con-
trolled; whereas, from an early day, promotions
with us have been governed by Seniority, though
we have no statutory regulation upon the subject.
As a general rule, since the best days of Nelson,
she has promoted the first lieutenants of vic-
torious ships in battle; but, beyond this, promo-
tions are dependent upon the influence of politics,
family, wealth, or favoritism, as much as upon
merit or seniority. Great evilsand injustice cer-
tainly spring from this System; but they are far
less injurious in a large establishment like that
of Britain than they would be in a limited one
like our own. Our rigid adherence to seniority
has been a most prolific source of evil to our
Navy. Subject, as the administration of our
Government is, to frequent and radical political
changes, promotion by seniority alone would
furnish the safest possible rule, if the corps con-
sisted only of efficient men qualified for all their
duties. But experience has shown that, where
no means exist of ridding the corps of the idle,
the vicious, the imbecile, or the incompetent,
promotion by seniority is the worst possible rule
that could be adopted. And yet, I would not
counsel its discontinuance; but I would scrutinize
the corps thoroughly and frequently, purge it of
incompetency, and then seniority would furnish
the safest and the wisest rule.
What has been the result in our Navy of this
rule ? I hold that it lies at the very foundation
of all the eviti from which the Navy has suffered.
Without going into detail, I will say to the Sen-
ate that, by this rule of seniority, when this law
was passed, we had sixty-eight captains in the
Navy. I will not undertake to say what was the
age of the oldest; it might offend the sensibilities
of gentlemen; but the youngest was fifty-six yeare
of age. Be it remembered that, by special order
in council, repeated on two occasions, and Still
existing, Great Britain induces her captains to
retire at the age of fifty-five, considering them
no longer fit for duty. To induce them to retire
she gives them increased rank on the retired list.
If they do not retire, she holds out to them the
certainty that she will not employ them,and that
they will become an incumbrance. Therefore,
the retirement to them is compulsory. In France,
too, age determines retirement, ana promotion is
governed by selection as well as by seniority;
that is, every third vacancy is filled by seniority;
the other two being filled by selection.
The ninety-seven commanders in our service,
at the time of the passage of the act of 1855, were
between fifty and fifty-five years of age. There
were three hundred and twenty-six lieutenants
between thirty and fifty years of age; and one
hundred and ninety-seven midshipmen, which
dear little midshipmen, of whom the country so
often hears, and who always, when referred to,
come up to the mind's eye as active youths in
their teens, were between the ages of twenty-one
and thirty-seven years. This was the age of mid-
shipmen, who are called upon to do the duty of
boys; who have no rank on board their ships;
who were maintaining their families upon $750
a year; and whose agreeable and responsible duty
it was to accompany wooding and watering
boats to the shore, or to bring off the crews on
liberty days. Adopting the results of promotion
which have been observable by experience in the
Navy, we find that lieutenants, when promoted
to commanders, would necessarily be fifty-three
years of age, and that commanders, when pro-
moted to Captains, would be seventy-four years
of age.
This whs a most extraordinary State of things,
indeed; and it had called forth the astonishment of
maritime men abroad, that the United States would
tolerateit. We know the fact that Paul Jones,wheh
he captured the Serapis, was thirty-two years of
age; Hull, when he captured the Guerriere, was
thirty-eight; Decatur, when he cut out the Phila-
delphia, was twenty-seven; Perry, in his victory
on Lake Erie, was twenty-eight; McDonough,at
the time of his victory on Lake Cham plain, was
thirty-one; Stewart, in his Cyafte and Levant
victory, was thirty-nine; and Bainbridge, at the
capture of the Java, was thirty-one—the oldest
being thirty-nine and the youngest twenty-seven.
The oldest captaih in our last war, concerned in
one of our most brilliant victories, was but two
years older than her oldest midshipman when
this law was passed. No captain coula commence
his novitiate when the law was passed, Until tie
had .reached the mature age of seventy-four;
whereas there was no hero m the last war who
had not distinguished himself as a Captain 'ait the
age of thirty-nine.
Common sense would dictate that, if we adhere
to seniority, seniors no longer fit for life's active
duties should not be placed in the responsible
positions of command. They should not be
placed in positions demanding all the will, the
:darin'g, the courage, and the energy of life. These
should be given to men in whom these qualities,
and hope and ambition,are predominant. If yon
Will retain men upon your Navy list, and expect
them to perform promptly life's active duties
when their hearts are " beating funeral marches
to the grave," common sense should assign them
to subordinate stations.
The true interests of the country demand tha!t,
just as the importance of naval enterprises in-
creases, so should increase the chances of the exec-
utive arm reaching the true types of character to
command them; but the very reverse has been the
rule. As the importance of the command has
increased, just so nave increased the probabilities
of consigning it to life's declining faculties—I will
not say to the inbecilities of age, but to its usual
consequences of mental weakness and physical
debility. It need not be said that the Executive
may cnoote any officer whom he pleases for any
command; because, although abstractly he may
do so, it is untrue in practice; for political influ-
ences are ever at work to control <Jr modify sxec-
utive action upon this subject; as I shall have
occasion to show.
When we send our fleets abroad in command
Of our captains of seventy-four years of age, they
meet captains Of foreign ships scarcely one of
whom is 6ver fifty. France makes retirement
consequent Upon a certain age—fifty, if I am not
mistaken; and although she recently had an ad-
miral during the present war—Admiral Hamelin
—beyond th« legal age, he was only retained in
his command by the Special order of the Crown;
and he has lately been Withdrawn from all active
command on account of his age, and made min-
ister of marine.
The state of oufr Service on which I have dwelt
in regard to promotion, had an exceedingly dis-
piriting aind unhappy effect on the service. Our
young men, thoroughly educated and qualified for
every brartch of their profession, with all their f-er-
sonal pride, tsprit thi corps, and ambition predomi-
nant, with everything to gain and nothing to lose
by the perils of their profession, see that the y have
spent the best days of Kfe in qualifying themselves
for a profession in which they can never rise to
rank, and never hope to command—see that, how-
everhope may whisper to ambition, the stern hand
of tithe passes over them—that all those glaring
dreams of carving out an honorable fame are a
"mockery, A delusion, and a snare;" and that
long before their hand can grasp the scepter of
command, military glory, and all the pomp, pride,
and circumstance of war, upon the deep, will have
given place to thoughts of tliat snug harbor above,
where the weary are at rest.
The result of this state of things wbb observa-
ble in an increasing dislike of the active duties of
the Navy afloat; but another feature of the service
produced a most depressing influence upon its
most reliable men, and from time to time drove
them from it.
It cannot be concealed that in the Navy, as in
ether professions, there have been men who not
only did notgmce that profession, but who would
have ctest a shade of suspicion over any profes-
sion Of honorable men. I say this without dis-
tinguishing invidiously against individuals. 1
rriay add that I could produce here a cartload of
charges a fid specifications of charges—m ny of
which have been proved—against officers in the
Navy for all shades of offenses embraced by the
general charge known as " scandalous conduct,
vnbecOihing an officer, Hnd *wftwrsire of good disci-
pline," a charge embracing every crime but mur-
der, which is especially provided for. Courts-
martial have tried and convicted them, and Sen-
tenced them to suspension or dismissal from the
service; and yet, sir, such is the insidious work-
ings of political sympathy, these very men, with
nil their sins upon their beads, have been restored
by the next, or another Administration. Sir, Jet
me give you one case, as an illustration of thit
wretched tampering with the service.
I havfe in my eye one case in which a posi-
ts ptain was convictcfd by a court of his peers of
official fhlseihood under the most aggravating
circufrtstanoes—falsehood directly to his own De-
partmeht, a Ions-premeditated plan successfully
carried out. The court, knowing how easily
graver punishmeritshad been avoided by previous
political influences, deprived him of command,
and suspended hirti for three years. Fortunately,
the Secretary of the Navy regarded his crime as
a very grave one, arid remanded the sentence baek
to the court; they then suspended him for five
years. In this condition of things he stood when
a succeeding Administration entirely relieved hirh
from his suspension, and gave him all his back
pay; and, sir, as a reward for his outraged feel-
ings, placed him fn COftrmKnd of one of the first
squad rons of the country. The effect of this was
Virtually the condemnation of every officer who
formed the court—(nine must have formed it
at least)—of every Witness who gave testimony
before them, of the judge advocate, and the Sec-
retary'of the Navy. Political influences combined
to place this man on the quarter deck, although
he had been branded and proved by a juTy of his
peers to have been guilty of official falsehood. H«
was pfacM'tfcfere and indorsed by the broad seal
