1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2183
Harris Harrison, Hoffman, Valentine B. Horton, Kelly,
Kidwe'li, Knight, Kunkel, Lake, Mace, AlexanderK. Mar-
shall, Humphrey Marshall, Maxwell, Kilhan Miller, Mill-
waid, Oir, i'eck, Pennington, Porter, Ricaud, Ritchie,
Roberts, Rust, Sandidge, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, William li. Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Swope,
Taylor, Thormgton, Thurston, Trafton, Tyson, Under-
wood, Vail, Valk, Wakeman, Warner, Wheeler, Winslow,
and Wood—76.
NAYS — Messrs. Ball, Barclay, Bliss, Brenton, Brooks,
Broom, Buffinton, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell,
Caruthers, Caskie, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Colfax, CominSjCovode, Cox, Cragm, Cumback, Dainrell,
Henry Winter Davis, Dean, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, Edie,
Edwards, Elliott, Emrie, Etheridge, Flagler, Galloway,
Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Harlan, Hickman, Hollow ay,
Thomas 11. Horton, Houston, Howard, Ilughston, George
W. Jones, Kelsey,King, Knowlton,Knox,Leiter, Letcher, I
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Me-
Mulhn, McQueen, Millson, Moore, Morgan, Moriill, Mott,
Murray, Nichols,Norton, Andrew Oliver, MordecaiOhver,
Parker, Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Powell, Pnngle,Puryear,
Quitman, Rivers, Ruffin, Sage, Sapp, Seott, Sherman, Sim-
mon*, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Trippe, Wade, Walbndge,
Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washbnrne, Elhhu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washbuui, Watson, Welch, Wells, Williams,
Woodruff, Wood worth, Daniel 15. Wright, John V. Wright,
and Zollicoffcr—101.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A messsage was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dlckiks, their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed a biii (H. R.
No. 574) making an appropriation for the survey
of the southern boundary line of Kansas Terri-
tory, without amendment.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Twentieth amendment:
For continuing the construction of the new dome of the
Capitol, §100,000.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I call for tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wade and
A. K. Marshall were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 73, noes 42.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire to suggest
that if the yeas and nays are ordered on all these
amendments we never shall get through with this
appropriation bill.
Mr. STANTON. There was no quorum on
the vote of tellers.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 67; as fol-
lows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Barbour, Baik«dale,
Benson. Billmghurst, Bishop, Boeook, Bowie, Boycc,
Bradshaw, Biooks, Lewis J). Campbell, Carhle, Caruthers,
Bayaid Ciaike, Cltngman,Culien, Davidson, Hemy Winter
Pavi^j Timothy Lhms, Denver, Pick, Dickson, Durfee,
Edie, Kdmund .on, Eu<Us, Evans, Faulkner, Flagler, Flor-
ence, Foster, Giddms>, Goode, Thomas L. Horns, Haven,
Jieibeit, Hickman, Hoffman, Valentihe B. Horton, Kelly,
Knight. Kunkel, Lake, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, Maxwell, McQueen, Kilhan Miller, Milton,
Millwaid, Mooie, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Mordecai Oli-
vet, Oir, Parker, Pearee, I'eck, Pelton, Pennington, Porter,
Pimgle, Kicaud, Ritchie, Roberts, Sandidge, "Seott, Sher-
man, Simmons, William Smith, William it. Smith, Snccd,
Snmner, Stephens, Stewait, Stianahan, Swope, Tayloi,
Thoimnon. Thurston, Todd, Trafton. Trippe, Tj«on,
Vail Valk, Walkei. Warner, Cadwalader C. Washburne,
Welch, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Winslow,
Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zollicoffcr—102.
AYS Me--rs Ball, Henry Bennett, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Bliss, Branch, Brenton, Buffinton, Burnett, Cadwala-
der, Caskie, Ezra Claik, dawson, llowell Cobb, William-
Bon JR. W. Cobb, Colfax, Coium*, Covode, Cox, Cragm,
Cumbaek, DanircH, Dean, Dodd, Elliott, Emrie, English,
Galloway, Granger, Gieenwood, Grow, Harlan, llolloway,
Thomas 11. Horton, Houston, Ilughston, Geoige W.Jones,
Kulwcll. Kins, Knajip, Knox. Leiter. Letcher, Lumpkm,
Alexander K, Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, McMulhn,
Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Perry, Phelps, Pike, Powell,
Pur\eat, Rullin. Sapp, Savage, Shorter, Stanton, Tappan,
Undei wood, Wade, W.ildion, Ellihu B. Washbuine, Wat-
son, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—67.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
That the public lands heretofore reserved for military
pui poses in the State of Florida, which said lands, m the
opinion of the Seeretaiyot War, aie no longer usetul oi
debited for such purpose*, or so much thereof as said dec-
retal y may designate, shall be, and are hereby, placed under
the contiol of the Geneial Land Office, to be deposed ot
and sold in the same manner and under the same regula-
tion^ a° other public land*. of the United States : Provided,
That said lands shall not be so placed under the control of
the General Land Office until said opinion of the Societal)-
ot War. giving hit- consent commumeated to the Secretary
of the Intenor m writing, shall be filed and recoided.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment: j
For defraying the ijpsnses of running the boundary
line between the State of Texas and the Territory of New
Mexico, $10,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay for, or
allow for, the engraving of the " Ingtaham medal," in pur-
suance of a contract made by direction of the Secretary of
the Navy, under authoiity of law, $2,200.
.The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
remainder of the amendments—some fifty-four—
be non-concurred in en masse, with a view of
having a committee of conference, which must be
had sooner or later on these amendments.
The motion was entertained by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
The remaining amendments were accordingly
non-concurred in.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
ster, Esq., his Private Secretary.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I now move that
a committee of conference be appointed upon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon
this bill.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon,
The SPEAKER appointed, as such committee
upon the part of the House, Messrs. Davis of
Maryland, Washburne of Illinois, and H. Mar-
shall.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table the bill (H. K. No. 153) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending 30th of June, 1857, with the action
of the Senate thereon, and will move that the
House insist upon its amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senate, and that a committee of con-
ference be appointed.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
The Speaker appointed as such committee on
the part of the House, Messrs. Campbell of Ohio,
Pennington, and Q,uitman.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL—REPORT OF
CONFERENCE COMMITTEE.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to report from the committee of conference upon
the Indian appropriation bill the following:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (11. It- No. 71) making appro-
pi lations for the einrent and contingent expenses of the In-
dian depaitment. and for fulfilling tieaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, tor the year ending June SO, I8ov,
having met, alter full and free conference, have agreed to
i ecoininoud, and do recommend, to their respective Houses,
as follows:
That the House do recede from its disagreement to the
sixtieth amendment of the Senate, with an amendment as
follows: „ _
Add at the end of the section the words, " But the yearly
pay of interpreters in that State shall in no case exceed
®l,000."
That the House do recede fiom its disagreement to the
sixty-fourth amendment of the Senate, with amendments
as follows: , „ .
In line seven strike out the word "made,-' and in lieu
thereof insert, a heretofore made and filed in the Depart-
ment of the Intei ior add at the end of the section the
word* " Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
constt ued to bind the United States to make payment ot said
Thai the Senate recede from its 57tli, 59th, Gist, 65th, j
and tilth amendments, and that the House of Iiepresenta- |
tives concur in the 62d and 63d amendments ol the senate.
The amendments of the Senate in which the j
committee recommend a concurrence, with amend- ,
merits, are as follows: ^ j
Sfc. 4. And be it further enacted, That the aet of 27th j
of February, 1831, fixing the rate of compensation for in- i
terpreters, as far as it relates to California, be and the same ;
is hcieby repealed—
with an amendment to add thereto the follow-
ing:
But the yearly pay of the interpreter m that State shall
in no case exceed $'1,000.
The pay of an interpreter, under the general
law, is $500, but the committee recommend that
in California it shall be limited to a sum not ex-
ceeding $1,000. The superintendent of Indian
affairs "had recommended $2,000.
The next Senate amendment in which the
committee recommend a concurrence, with an
' amendment, is as follows:
Sec, 8. And be it fu) thcr enacted, That the Secietaiy ol
the Interior be authorized and required to cause an inves-
tigation to be iiad of the claims for depredations by Indians
111 the Territory of New Mexico, that may have been made,
and report to the next ses-ion of Congress, or as  oon as
practicable, the factum each case,and paitieularly enumer-
ating such as come within the provisions of the intercourse
law, and for which, in his opinion, indemnity should be pro-
vided by Congress.
The committee recommend a concurrence in
that amendment, with an amendment to strike
out the word u made," and insert in lieu thereof
the words "heretofore made, and filed in the
Department of the Interior;" and to'add at the
end of the section the words:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be eon-
struecLto bind the United States to make payment of such
claim.
The amendments of the Senate in which the
committee recommend a concurrence by the
House are as follows:
Sixty-second amendment:
Sec. 6. Jlnd he it further enactcd, That the Secretary of
the Interior be required to pay to Spunk, or Bald Prog,
aha- Joseph Hen<on, the amount of $-100 for lus valuation
of an unpiovement under the Cherokee treaty of 1R35, in
pursuance ot the piovision of the twenty-louith section of
the act of Mareh 3,1855, making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government.
The sum contained in that amendment had
been appropriated in a former appropriation bill,
and the only question was, as to which Bald
pr0g—for there were two Indians of that name—
was entitled to the amount. Satisfactory proof
having been made that the Indian known as
Bald Frog, alias Joseph Ilenson, is entitled to it,
the committee recommcnd a concurrence in the
amendment.
Sixty-third amendment:
Sec. 7. Arut be it further enacted, That, in addition to the
number now allowed bv law, the President be authorized
to appoint one Indian agent, east of the llocky Mountains,
at a salary of $1,500.
The amendments from which the committee
recommend that the Senate do recede are the
following:
Fifty-seventh amendment:
To enable the Seeretaiy of the Interior to redeem the
pledges of Governor 1). Meriwether, in the articles recently
negotiated by hnn, under instructions given m pursuance
ot the act of Congiess making appropriation* to del ray the
expenses of suid nccouations, made to the tribes and bands
respectively, with whom peaceahle relations have been
definitely agreed on and now exist, in making to said In-
dians presents of goods, agricultural implements,and other
useful articles, and m assisting them to locate in permanent
abodes, and sustain themselves by the pursuits of civHized
life, §35,000.
Fifty-ninth amendment:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That, in settling the
accounts of Thomas J. Henley, superintendent of Indian
affairs in California, the accounting officers of the Treasury
be, and they aie hereby, authorized to allow him tiie
amounts he actually paid to interpreters during the years
of 1854 and 1855; and the amount of $750 paid by him to
Saundeis and Brenham, for interest on money advanced
by them on account of the Indian service in California,
upon in* piodueing satisfactory vouchers for these expend
itures.
Sixty-first amendment:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That in the assignment
or tiansfer of warrants i-sued, or hereafter to be issued, to
the Creek* and Seminoles of Black Dirt's party, the agent
of said Indians may recognize, in certifying to the validity
of such transfers or assignments, such amounts as he may
be satisfied have been previously advanced to the warran-
tees, or their representative*, in good faith, as part of the
pui chase-money thereof, and consideration therefor, either
in money or goods.
Sixty-fifth amendment:
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the third section
of the act making appropriation for the current and con-
tingent expenses ot the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, approved
March 3, 1S55, be, and the same is hereby, so modified and
amended as to limit the authority of the Secretary of the
Interior to cause to be paid the sum of $"53 33 to such indi-
viduals only of the Noith Carolina Cherokees as are em-
braced in the loll of John C. Mullay,and who may be living
at the time of payment provided form the said section ot*
said act: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
! construed to repeal any provisiou m said act.
Sixty-seventh amendment:
Sec. 11. And he it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay to
Jean Baptise Faribault, and Pelagie Faribault, his wife,
the sum of §12.000, with interest thereupon trom the 15th
of March, li<39j in full payment of their claim to the island
at the confluence of the Mississippi and St. Pierre rivers, in
fulfillment of a eontract entered into for that purpose on said
10th day of March, 1839, between the Secretary oi War
and the'attorneys m fact of the said Faribault and wife.
I ask the House to concur in the report of ihe
committee, and upon that I call the previous
question.
