574
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 15,
34th C.ong....1st Sess.
JSaval Retiring Board—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
of the country, as the representative of its honor,
and in a corps whose very life-blood itself should
be honor. Do you suppose that this had no dis-
piriting influence on a corps like this? 1 do not
quote ft as an isolated case; I could quote many. ;
Mr CRITTENDEN. What case is that ?
Mr. MALLORY. I do not feel at liberty to
name the individual, because I started out with
the declaration that I did not design to add a
feather's weight to the embarrassment of those 1
who come to us claiming relief. Sir, 1 might
find fifty cases similar to this, in which men have
been convicted of various crimes and offenses
against good morals, against good order, and the
very decencies of life; and yet incoming Admin-
istrations have taken them by the hand and
placed them in command, and not only that, but
rewarded them with the first commands of the
country. Why, then, should not young officers
say, " There is no law for post-captains? The
time has arrived when a junior officer hesitates
long, and suffers long, before he dares to prefer
charges against a superior; and yet every duty
of his cruise may lie performed in subordination
to one whom the files of the Department prove to
be unworthy the association of honorable men,
yet towards whom the discipline of the corps
demands a subordinate and respectful bearing.
What more destructive of naval esprit du corps—
the brightest gem of naval character, and one to
be nourished by us as priceless—than thus to
retain in service men who have everything to
gain and nothing to lose by reducing the charac-
ters of honorable men to a level with their own?
What more humiliating to the personal and pro-
fessional pride of a high-toned officer, than to
feel that the chief who presides over him is known
to the service as one who has repeatedly dis-
graced the uniform he wears?
Is it strange, sir, that such a condition of the
naval service should have called forth recommend-
ations for reform from almost every Secretary of
the Navy for the past twenty years ?
Nor are we to be told that the Department
has the power, and should exercise it, of con-
straining, every officer to perform his duty; for
though true, as an abstract proposition, itis prac-
tically untrue. Political influence, which, unfor-
tunately, is as often invoked by the vicious as
the meritorious, is the lever ever at work to turtn
the Secretary from the true interests qf the ser-
vice. By this influence the executive branches of
the Government, working frequ >ntly with a mere
majority in Congress, must more or less be con-
trolled. As an illustration, sir, of its effect, I
remember that, conversing with a Senator upon
this point, he told me of an instance in which a
young officer from his State, under sailing orders,
appealed to him to intercede with the Secretary
to be relieved. Hedid so, and of course that officer
yielded, and transferred the orders to another.
On the following day, however, he was again
appealed to by this one, who proved also to be a
constituent, to get him relieved from sea duty. |
To this second appeal the Secretary also yielded;!
when my friend, fearing that a third constituent j
might be detailed, requested the Secretary to
order no man from his State to perform the duty, j
and his request was complied with as a favor to j
himself. And, strange as it may seem, sir, this
is not an isolated case; and 1 have but to appeal
to gentlemen around me to know that there is
scarcely one in the body who has not been simi-
larly importuned. A Senator rarely refuses to
prefer such a request, leaving, as he may very
justly, the responsibility of granting or refusing
it to the Secretary.
In this condition of the service, and in view of
the fact that Prance and England were not only ,
increasing the nuiteriel of their navies, but were
eliminating from them everything like incompe-
tency, this measure of reform was brought for-
ward.
As the act passed the Senate, it contained no
spccial reference to the dismissal of officers; but j
the board, the duties of the Secretary, and the ,
recommendations for the furlough and reserved i
lists were the same as now; and in this shape,
notwithstanding the recent arguments of the Sen-
ator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] it met his
hearty approval.
I have had no opportunity of seeing in print
either the speech of the Senator from Delaware,
or of the Senator from Georgia. In replying to
them, I do so from memory, and if I should make
an error in statement, 1 trust they will attribute
it to that cause alone. The Senator from Dela-
ware was in error in announcing, as I understood "
him to announce, that he did not vote for the bill,
or did not approve it, or did not give it his most ;
hearty concurrence, or was not anxious for. its ,
passage. I have the debates before me, and his j
language was this: j
" The bill its it passed the Senate I could assent to cheer- 1
fully. One of the amendments of the House embodies a
provision by which an irresponsible court of five officers is
to be created, upon whose opinion1? or belief, as to the ca-
pacity or fitness of theirfellowsin the service, the President
of the United States, without responsibility, may drop them
from the service, though they may have been in it twenty,
or thirty, or forty years." * * * * * "The Senate
passed the bill without granting to the board, which might
place a man upon the reserved li-t. but still leave him the
niems of subsistence, the power which might throw him
out of the service altogether. This is my objection to the
amendment."
Am I not borne out by the very words of my
friend from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] in the asser-
tion that he did approve this bill in a.11 respects, j
but the feature with reference to dismissals? I
In this form it went to the House, where it was
well known that no bill could pass without cm- I
bodying a provision for dismissing officers. The |
House, 1 believe, properly underscood the condi- j
tion of the service; and coming directly from the j
people, and having to account for the naval ex-
penditure of #11,000,000, they doubtless felt that j
they could not justify, in an act to reform the
Navy, the retention of men in the public service
totally incompetent, not from misfortune, not
[ from hard service or accident in the line of their
' duty, butfrom their own negligences, their errors,
or their vices. Hence, they regarded the dis-
missal of a certain class of men as essential to all
reform.
Now, sir, let us examine this act. Without
delaying the Senate by reading it, or referring in
detail to its provisions, I contend that it enacts
but three conditions or things which did not
I before exist.
1. It provided for a board, whose advice the
i Executive might or might not follow, at his dis-
cretion. But even this very board the President
might have assembled without statutory interven-
tion, had Congress committed the duties pre-
scribed by the law nakedly to his hands.
2. It provided a class of pay, called the reserved
pay;and
! 3. It temporarily increased the numbers in some
of the different grades.
These are the provisions of the act, and by
these tests are the questions of its constitutian-
! ality raised here to be determined.
| The furlough pay, and 'he power of placing
! officers upon it, had al ways existed in the service,
and had been sanctioned by law; aud the execu-
tive power to dismiss officers without trial was
j regarded as established; and as this feature of
t executive prerogative is the back-bone of this
! reform, I will ask the attention of Senators to its
j brief consideration.
I If Senators shall concur with me that apologies
j are due for engrossing their time in the discussion
of this question, I trust they will be found in the
zealous and able manner in which the Senator
, from Georgia has presented it.
j I do not regret that he has raised this point. I
j confess that I came here with precisely his opin-
, ions upon it. One of my first acts in legislation
was the proposition that no officer of the Navy
should ever be dismissed from the service with-
out the judgment of a court-martial of his peers.
I submitted it to some of the brightest legal minds
of the country, and going over the entire argument
now submitted by the Senator from Georgia, I re-
formed my opinions.
Sir, while listening to the Senator from Georgia,
following him step"by step over ground which
; was so ably preoccupied sixty-seven years ago;
: while admiring the boldness with which he grap-
E' led the question, and sought not only to roll
ack the consistent practice of this Government
since its foundation, but to overturn the construc-
tion given to the Constitution by its framers
themselves; when I saw him engaged in such a
task—a task more hopeless than that of Sisyphus
—I could not but reflect how much more ably
than myself he would have presented my side of
the argument, had he taken the constitutional
view.
The power of the Executive to remove from
office was first authoritatively broached in tilis
country by Mr- Hamilton, in one number of the
Federalist, and that was very briefly indeed. In
that number he makes no "distinction between
military officersandcivihans. Mr. Madison,who,
I believe, wrote twenty-eight numbers of the
Federalist, does not refer to the question at all.
But,in the very first Congress after the adoption
of the Constitution, this construction of the exec-
utive power received an authoritative eluciuation.
The question came up directly in the proposi-
tion to establish the Treasury Department, in
1789; and it was decided in the House of Repre-
sentatives, by a vote of 34 to 20, and in the Senate
by the casting vote of the Vice President, that the
power of removal was vested by the Constitution
in the Executive alone.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will correct the Senator; he
i has made a slight mistake; that vote of 34 to 20
I was upon giving the power to the President in
the bill establishing the Department of Foreign
i Affairs. The final vote recognizing and admit-
ting that power, was 22 to 29. The other vote
; was on a bill, which I admitted was constitutional,
to give the power to the President to remove par-
ticular officers.
! Mr. MALLORY. The Senator is, undoubt-
edly, more correct as to the distinct vote by which
the measure passed; I quoted from memory en-
tirely. I refer for authority on this subject rot
to one, but to every text-book of the country
upon constitutional law. I refer to Story, to
Kent, to Sergeant; I refer to every man who has
ever written a single line upon the executive
power over removals, whether civil or military.
If I have correctly understood the Senator from
Georgia, lie has not produced a single legal au-
thority, or anything beyond the dicta of individ-
uals in debates in Congress to sustain his view
of the question, with the exception of his refer-
ence to De Hart's view, supported, as they were,
by a written opinion of General Scott.
I In Sergeant s Constitutional Law, at page 372,
I he says:
| " In organizing the departments of the executive by tlie
i first Congress, the question oceurred in the House of Rep-
resentatives, in what manner the officers who were to fill
; them should be removable. It was contended, that the
! power of removal was an incident to the power of appoint-
l uient; and as tile Senate was, by the Constitution, asso-
ciated with the Pretident in making appointments, the
Senate ought in like manner to participate in the power
of removal . But it was determined by Congress, that the
power of removal belonged to the President, by virtue of
the clause ill the Constitution vesting m him the cxeou-
tive power, and other parts of that instrument; and this
construction hassmce prevailed."
! At page 412, Mr. Sergeant says:
"A construction of the Constitution in relation to a dif-
ferent department of the Government has been given by
I the legislative department, in the passage of an act of Con-
[ gress. Thus, in the first Congress, when the bill for estab-
| lislung the department of Secretary of Foreign Affairs
j (which, by a subsequent act, was made that of Secretary
> of State) was pending ill the House of Representatives,
I i the question aro^e, by whom such officer should be re-
, movable. The bill contained a clause, making him ex-
, pressly removable by the President, and was agreed to in
! committee in that shape; but, lest the power of removal
' might, thereafter, appear to be exercised by virtue of a
legislative grant only, and in order to show the opinion of
the House, that it was, by fair construction, fixed in the
President by the Constitution, this clause was afterwards
struck out, and in the second section it was provided, that
there should be in the said Department an inferior officer,
to be called chief clerk, ' who, whenever the said principal
officer shall be removed from office by the President of the
United States, or in any other vacancy,' shall have charge
of papers, &c. The bill was thus passed into a law, after
an animated discussion, thereby clearly implying the power
of removal to be solely in the President ; and this construc-
tion, on an important point, has ever since prevailed.
Judge Story, who by his very mental consti-
tution would be the last man to concur in such a
doctrine, gives up the question entirely as the
settled law of the country. In Kent s Comment-
aries, Vol. 1, p. 309, is this language:
" 'The consent of the Senate,' the Federalist observes,
'would be necessary to displace as well as to appoint;'
and he goes on to observe, that 'tho«e who can best esti-
mate the value of a steady administration, will be most
disposed to prize a provision which connects the official
existence of public men with the approbation or disappro-
bation of that body, which, from the great permanency of its
