is m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
Of SfrhicK passed nearly eight tenths of all the sol-
diers iv ho were engaged in your war with Mex-
ico. The gallant troops of the States of Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, and Kentucky, passed out of
the 'mouth of the Mississippi to engage in the
war whjch your country had then declared against
•Mexico. 1 ask you, Mr. President, if it is not
important, in a military point of view, that you
should remove ail the obstructions which nature
may interpose -at the mouth of that river? I said
si moment ago that nearly eight tenths of all your
imops who were engaged m the Mexican war
found their way to the battle-field through the
Thouth of the Mississippi river; and yet the Sen-
ator from Georgia says that in time of peace we
can make no provision for the removal of those
obstacles which nature has interposed !
Mr. TOOMBS. I make no distinction between
peace and war.
Mr. WELLER. I understood the Senator
to say that in time of war, if it were necessary,
we had the power to construct a railway to the
Pacific, to protect and defend our possessions in
that region.
Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman is giving his
own distinction, not mine. I said that if England
adjoined California in the same position that Eng-
land docs Ireland, and it were necessary to have
munitions there when war arises, if it were ne-
cessary under the war power, it could be done.
Mr. WELLER. Suppose Great Britain were
there in the shape ofhcri!eet,lyingon the Pacific
ocean with an immense number of ships and men,
about to make a descent upon California—which
is a part of the Union—and it were important to
transport your troops in the shortest possible
time, does the Senator admit that, under those
circumstances, you could construct a railroad to
carry them there ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Wc differ about the neces-
sity. The Senator wishes to use it as a pretext;
I, as a reason.
Mr. WELLER. No, sir; I am taking the
Senator on his own ground. If a railroad to the
Pacific be necessary to protect our people, in the
event of war, you have the power to construct it
in time of peace.
I do not see that there is so wide a difference
between die Senator and myself in principle; but
there is this distinction: that, wherever a woik
is necessary for military or naval purposes, 1
hold that the Government has constitutional
power to appropriate the public money for it.
"You have a navy-yard at Memphis.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; it has been broken
«p.
Mr. WELLER. Yon had a navy-yard there,
butbecause there was some disagreement, between
•us at the last, Congress, I believe it has been
abandoned. There was a navy-yard established
by the 1'Yderal Government at Memphis; and I lie
doctrine of the Senator from Georgia, denies the
power to remove the mud which may accumu-
late in the Mississippi river, so as to enable ves-
sels constructed at that navy-yard to got out upon
the ocean. Let me ask the Senator again, what
would be the condition of things if we were now
involved m a war with any maritime Power?
Suppose that a conflict had taken place upon the
Gulf of Mexico, and that, unfortunately, we had
come out of the battle second best. Suppose it
to bo exceedingly desirable—as in that event it
would be—that our vessels should make their
escape up the mouth of the Mississippi, and take
protection under the guns of the city of New
Orleans, I ask the Senator whether he does not
consider that, in such a contingency, it would be
indispensably necessary, for naval purposes, that
these obstructions should be removed ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I answered that point in my
speech, and it is not worth while now to repeat
it. I stated that, when you had a peifectly
straight coast, without any indentation, and it
was really necessary for your defense, you could
go and dig out a place of-refuge. The question
is, I said, as to using it as a reason, and not as a
pretext.
Mr. WELLER. Then there is a difference of
opinion between the Senator and myself as to the
necessity of this work. I admit that if it were a
local improvement Congress has not the consti-
tutional power to appropriate for it. Those with
whom I am associated here on this question
ate opposed to that (i general system'* of local
improvements, against which .war was waged by
General Jackson; but no lorge or considerable
portion of the Democratic party of this country
have ever put on what I may properly desig-
nate as the Georgia strait-jacket platform."
Whilst we repudiate local improvements by the
General Government, we do not wish to make
this Government an impracticable machine.
Where is the evidence that such measures as
this havencverreceived the sanction of the people
of the United States > Where does he look for
the evidence of public sentiment? Will ho look
to the other branch of Congress? Will he look
here ? There were but two Senators who stood
by him, as the record will show, when this bill
was passed at the present session. Not oniy is
there a majority now in Congress, but in every
Congress which has convened since the Senator
came into existence there has been a majority in
favor of such bills as this. The Senator cannot
show me an instance where a majority of any
Congress which has convened under our Consti-
tution has given that construction to the Consti-
tution which the Senator has given to it to-day.
By what authority, then, does he declare that
public opinion is against us? Sir, I affirm that a
majority of the American people have never de-
cided against works of this character, and I trust
they never will.
Mr. President, I desire to be understood on
this question. T am a strict constructionist. I
do not belong to thatlatitudinarian party to which
a majority on the other side of the Senate Cham-
ber belong. I must be satisfied that an improve-
ment is necessary for military or naval purposes,
before ilean receive the sanction of my judgment.
You have the power to build vessels; but you
have no power, under the doctrine of the Senator
from Georgia, to provide any place of refuge from
the storms of heaven or from a public enemy.
That would make this Government an imprac-
ticable machine. No, sir—no; whilst I .mi as
bitterly opposed as the Senator from Georgia to a
system of internal improvements by the Eederal
Government,! can never consent to such doctrine.
The Senator alluded to the immense appropri-
j ations which are asked for m Michigan, if they
! do not come within the rule I have laid down, I
j will oppose them. You have now a war steamer
j on Lake A'Jichigan, and you ha\e a Jarqc number
j of revenue \esc>ciy on that lake: but when you
have placed them there, the Senator says you
have no power to improve a harbor m order to
give them protection from the winds and storms,
or from the public enemy. Tins is what I call
making our Government an impracticable ma-
chine.
But, sir, as I said before, I do not desire to^pro-
long this discussion. I vot^d fortius bill before,
satisfied of its constitutionality as well as expe-
diency. Itshall receive the sanction of my judg-
ment again. Whatever is necessary for military
or naval purposes, \ am ready at all limes to sanc-
tion. Although a strict constructionist, I cannot
go with the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, i did not hear dis-
tinctly the argument of the honorable Senator
from Georgia in relation to the expenditures
which have been made from the commencement
of this Government, for giving facility and safety
to commerce on the Atlantic coast by the conve-
niences of light-houses and buoys. Will he do
mo the favor to state his position on that point?
Mr. TOOMBS. My proposition was this: 1
admit that some of those appropriations were in
violation of principle; but those who approved
them held them to bo distinguishable from works
such as are provided for by this bill. They were
held to be necessary, in order to collect duties. I
said I did not concur in that view, and that, if
such expenditures were to be made, we ought to
follow the (. xamplc of other countries, and charge
for thorn as England charges light dues. Our
Government does not object to paying the Sound
dues for light purposes. I say such improve-
ments should be paid for by the ships and mer-
chants who use them.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The honorable Sen-
ator Irom Georgia has mode a very full and able
argument on tins subject; but I think he com-
menced at the wrong point in attempting to pre-
vent any appropriations such as those for the
removal of obstructions jn the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi, which conccrns a large valley, and the
whole interior of the country between the Rocky
Mountains and the Alleghanies, to say nothing of
the navigation upon the lakes, between the ports
of the northeast and the northwest. HehaSvdwelt
very eloquently upon the point of equality and
the great principle of justice, as he calls it. 1
submit whether he ought not to commence his
opposition to such improvements at another point.
I mean to say nothing now about a general sys-
tem; for I am as much opposed to that as he is;
but I ask, ought he not to commence his opposi-
tion to appropriations for this class of improve-
ments by laying the foundations for a great sys-
tem of justice and equality between the different
parts of the Union ?
I stated a few days since that we expended
about one million five hundred thousand dollars
annually to keep up the old works for giving fa-
cility and safety to commerce upon the Atlantic
coast. These works arc not confined to your
naval depots; they arc not confined to the harbors
of your great commercial metropolis*, but extend
to every inlet, and to every hay on the whole
coast which has been in the habit of being used
by your small trading vessels. A million and a
half of dollars are expended annually for keeping
up old works, to say nothing of the large amounts
which you arc continually expending for the con-
struction of new works. Whence do you derivo
the power for these expenditures ?
Again: I ask the honorable and distinguished
Senator from Georgia whence the power to make
the coast survey, at such an immense cost as is
now incurred for that purpose? I admit that it
is a great public work; it is doing benefit to the
commerce of this country, and of the world. Its
benefits, in my view, reach even to the far inte-
rior, and are not confined to the trade upon the
Atlantic coast, because, in some aspects, we are
all one people, and we in the far interior, who
have no direct foreign trade, arc concerned m the
coasting trade. Iiut I ask, where do you derivo
the power to expend money for the coast survey?
I am ready to increase the expenditure for that
work, it it be necessary, which is now in progress
under the very able and scientific corps who have
charge of it. I acknowledge that it is a great
national work, which is an honor to the country,
and to the age in which we live. I only inquire
of the Senator from Georgia whence he derives
the powei to carry it on 5 I admit that it afioids
facilities to the public defense; but still I do not
think yon can trace jt to any distinct grant of
power in the Constitution.
The Senator from Georgia, if I remember
rightly, told us that he had consulted lexicogra-
phers as to the meaning of the phrase "regulate
commerce," and that it meant ''to establish by
rules; to direct by method or system;" and he
says this is the extent of the power conferred by
the Constitution, t ask him whence the power
to expend millions annually for the purpose of
protecting commerce in different parts of the
world ? The Senator may say it is necessary to
the defense of the country to maintain a navy.
I grant it, but it also serves the purpose of main-
taining and protecting our trade and commerce.
The power given in the Constitution to provide
for the common defense, looks to the preservation
of the integrity of the territory of the Union and
of its people; and it is by an utter inference, not
allowable according to the doctrine of the strict
constructionists, that you imply a second or a
third power from one which is itself an implied
one. The power to provide armies and navies
for the common defense, is, as I have stated, for
preserving the nationality and the integrity of the
country against foreign foes. We go to vast ex-
pense m maintaining a navy at §12,000,000 a
year, and now we have very little use for it ex-
cept for the protection of foreign trade and com-
mcrcc. My State has no foreign commerce. I
perceive that the honorable Senator fiom Georgia
is smiling. I should like to ask him 
Mr. TOOMBS. Does the Senator wish an
answer now ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I am merely throw-
ing out a few suggestions to the honorable Sen-
ator. I know that there is not much force in the
argument which I am applying; but I think it is
quite as applicable as many arguments in which
the Senator himselfhas indulged. He told its that
the State of Georgia expended neaily twenty
millions of dollars in making communications
