1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
dience: transgression is sin. I wish to recognize
no tribunal and no set of opinions which will
attempt to rule the country cxcept by some pre-
scribed law and a constitution laid down for them
by those who give them their official existence.
I believe that the Supreme Court has committed
errors, though, not intentionally. I believe their
decision in the case of Prigg and Pennsylvania
has led to mischievous consequences not intended
by the court. When the court undertook to say
that the States themselves might be absolved from
the duty imposed on them by the Federal compact
of returning fugitives from labor, I think they
made a decision tending to absolve the States from
the honor of compacts. They did not say it in so
many words, nor do I think their decision is of
that import, but the non-slaveholding States have
so construed it. Instead of that decision being
a judgment from the citadel of slavery, it has
redounded entirely in its consequences to the
non-slaveholding States of this Union; or rather to
let their accommodating morality take refuge in
it—to excuse them for disregarding the obliga-
tions imposed upon them as cooperative agen-
cies, &c.
I would rather regard that high tribunal as one
which could look abroad upon the vast and beau-
tiful horizotTof truth and justice. I should not
wish to see them governed by that popular agita-
tionwhich is threatening to undermine the insti-
tutions of the country, and to destroy, not only
the present form of our Union, but to wash away
the very landmarks of our forefathers. In such
a case 1 would be glad to see the Supreme Court,
like the proud promontory in the deep,
" Let the fretful ocean surge rapon its base,
Let storms assail its summit."
I wish it to stand firm at least as the type of
the duration of the institutions of this country,
and as an emblem of eternal justice. I at least
wish that, amidst the agitation of the time, it
shall maintain its identity. Let not the Senator
from New Hampshire suppose that he can assail
or touch that promontory by any shaft that he
may aim at it. The hand that shoots the arrow
may belong to one more willing to wound than
it can be able to hurt. It has certainly been dis-
charged by an archer occupying too great a dis-
tance from his object to do harm. Let me hope
that there is more of the hand than the heart that
has been exhibited in the shot. The weapon has
fallen harmless.
After the Senator from New Hampshire had
disposed of the Supreme Court under this denun-
ciatory epithet, he approached the President. I
am not one of those who undertake to defend the
President on all occasions; but, sir, he is the
Chief Magistrate of this Confederacy, and whilst
I am in the Confederacy, I will see at least that
a neighbor's hand, moved, perhaps, by resentful
rivalry, shall not wound the Chief Magistracy
of the whole country. The Senator from New
Hampshire took exception to the course which
the President has taken, by saying that he had
committed himself to a different judgment and a
different course of conduct by receiving Dorr
when he was a refugee from justice from Rhode
Island, and then sustained nim by resolutions
which were passed while he was chairman, I
think, of some Democratic association. Mr.
Pierce is arrayed against President Pierce. Does
the Senator suppose that the Chief Magistrate of
this Confederacy, after he has attained the high
position which he now occupies, is to administer
his trust as a common trustee for all the people
of the United States according to any opinions
which he may have entertained on any former
occasion, when he was chairman of a Democratic
society ? Why, sir, you might as well say that
one ascending a mountain should stop half way
and consult the vision which he then had, rather
than the certainty of the more extended vision
which he would have after attaining the summit,
where the horizon would be more distinct, and
where he would have a larger and more extended
view. The Chief Magistrate of the United States
is the trustee of the whole Union. He is not the
organ of any portion of New Hampshire; nor
is he subject to any latitude. With the vigi-
lance and even solicitude of a guardian, he must
protect the interests and rights of all who are
committed to his care. He is not now a party
in the controversies of a former day, but a judge
of all the parties before him.
Sir, the last thing to which I can ever consent
is, that any man who goes abroad shall wound
the home of his residence. I am not specially
interested in the history of New Hampshire, but
I say that this is not the place to expose her in-
firmities, nor is this the place to take occasion,
because a gentleman gets a seat on this floor, to
bring under proscription the conduct of one of
his fellow-citizens, who is now the Chief Magis-
trate of the Confederacy. I shall not justify Mr.
Pierce for receiving Dorr at the time, but I will
say in relation to him, that he was then compar-
atively a young man, and that having cultivated
the lessons of liberty which his ancestor had
taught him, much, in the language of Mr. Burke,
is to be pardoned to the spirit of liberty. Another
thing is to bo said, that the judgment in relation
to Dorr had not then been formed. It was then
passing through the ordeal of trial, and I know
that that deluded young man had many distinguished
sympathizers. Mr. Pierce gave Dorr shelter:
this is the head and front of his offending.
Sir, I have always regarded it as one of the most
odious acts of the British Government, when
Napoleon Bonaparte went on board the Bellero-
phon,claiming the rights of hospitality, that they
changed his condition into that of a prisoner of
war. His reputation and position in the world
entitled him to the rights and honors awarded to
Themistocles. If Dorr, instead of going to New
Hampshire, had gone to South Carolina, perhaps
at that time, I myself, to this deluded young man,
would have been the last to have seen him sacri-
ficed to his delusions; andl believe much may be
pardoned to the spirit of liberty, guided by the
ardor of youth.
I come now to another personage in this affair,
a distinguished friend of mine, General Atchison,
who has also received the notice both of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire and the Senntor from
Massachusetts. I have known General Atchison
long and well. They have attributed to him n
ferocity and vulgar indifference and recklessness
in relation to the affairs in Kansas, which is refuted
by every confidential letter which he has written
to me, and which is not in conformity to the truth.
I will not say that General Atchison is the enemy
of any one. I will not say that he is the enemy
of the emigrants in Kansas who have been sent
there by the aid societies; but I say that I know
of no man, within the range of my acquaintance,
who could be invested more effectually with the
attributes of the conqueror of that class of people.
And how do you suppose he would exercise that
high power? Let those who now asperse him
settle around him as neighbors, and if their houses
were burned down and assistance were required,
lie would be the first man to render them assist-
ance, and he would conquer them by his kind-
ness, by his justice, by his good sense, and by
his generosity. There never was a bettor illus-
tration of his character than the conduct he dis-
played in the cxpeete'.1 tragedy at Lawrence. I
know the fact, and I state it on my authority, as
a truth not to be disputed, (because I have his
letters in my drawer,) that, when that controversy
arose, General Atchison was absolutely called
upon to attend General Robinson's command,
and he went, with a positive pledge on the'part
of those with whom he was associated that he
should rather be the Mentor than the leader; and
he has written to me that but for his mediatorial
offices, the houses of the people of Lawrence
would have been burnt and the streets drenched
in blood. An appeal was made to him under cir-
cumstances which his magnanimous nature could
not resist. He had the courage to do a duty
which in its performance might even offend nis
comrades and associates—a courage much higher
than that of meeting an open enemy in the field.
He effectually exerted his influence, under the
appeal made to him, to save from fire and sword
the village of Lawrence, the stronghold of the aid
society emigrants. But for the gentle advice,
and, perhaps, controlling influence, of Atchison,
the houses of the settlement would have been
burnt and its highways drenched with blood.
When these people were suppliants, how dif-
ferently they felt then from what their calum-
nies have evinced since ! The generous person
who saved them is to be converted into their
ferocious persecutor. Atchison is to be immo-
lated on the altar of fanatical vengeance; and
that, too, through the medium of anonymous
writers in newspapers, under the sanction of,
speeches made in this Chamber. Well, sir, is
this to be his requittalr Are aspersion and mis-
representation to pervert the truth of history?
Gentlemen have attributed to him a ferocity of
unexampled character—an attribute that cannot
assimulate to his nature. Throughout the whole
contest he has always said that he was in favor
of—to use his own expression—i( the competition
of preemption settlers." Pie believed that if that
competition had been left to itself, and if there
had been no hostile demonstration on the part of
the northern societies, Kansas would have been
settled by neighbors knowing each other, and
who would have less objection because they
did know each other; and that in the end, per-
haps, there might be a few negroes, probably ail
"old mammy," or some favorite servants for
household purposes, or some field-laborers, con-
tented in and bettered by their condition. He
supposed that there might have been a population
of that sort, and such as the masters would not
like to desert, and such as they would not com-
mit to the Abolitionists. It would have been, in
technical phrase, perhaps, a population with some
masters, but with some servants, and scarcely any
slaves. Those called masters would have been
more like guardians, and those called slaves would
have been better off for their protection. In this
relation they become objectionable to the Abo-
litionists, who are willing to set them free, that
they may become vagabonds, and be destroyed
under the philanthropy of proscription and rivalry.
Under the current of this settlement, Kansas
would likely have become a quasi community,
with many white men and few negroes—with
labor capable of being usefully and profitably
employed—a community of farmers, using labor
a1? they thought proper. Xn this way, by accre-
tion, Kansas might have become a State.
Sir, 1 am not gomgto put on an equality, or any-
thing like an equality, the movementsand conduct
of those who have gone to Kansas with Sharpe's
rifles in their hands, and the Missouri " border
ruffians," as they have been termed. They are
not in pari delictu. The difference between the
population of a portion of the two sections has
never been so well illustrated, as in that very
demonstration. The western people, of daring
gallantry, of open hospitality trust to the occasion,
and when they draw the sword, it is rather under
the influence of heat and passion than malice—
but with a fertility of expedients that is equal to
ciaft; and if they commit homicide under such
circumstances, it is reduced at least to the grade
of manslaughter. When, however, I see an organ-
ization at a distance of a thousand miles from the
Territory, sending out men who go, not with
fowSing-pieces or the ordinary rifles, or common
weapons of defense which they might use, but
all going with one uniform gun—Sharpe's rifle—
let me not be told that they were going there
for merely the innocent purpose of settling the
Territory themselves, it is evident they were
going there to drive off others, if it became a con-
test, which the Missouri "border ruffians," as
they are called, neveranticipated. Th$ crime of
those who are designated by that name, if homi-
cide should be committed, would be much nearer
the character of manslaughter, whilst the blood
shed by their opponents would much nearer ap-
proach a mercenary homicide.
Now, sir, I suppose this controversy may be
regarded as a great ejectmont case—perhaps the
greatest that ever was tried—to try the title of
the two different sections to the public domain,
the common domain belonging to the wholeUnion.
1 suppose the emigrant aid societies'settlers may
be regarded as one party, and what they choose
to call the " border ruffians," the other party—one
the John Doe, the other the Richard Roe, in this
lawsuit. I am pcrfcctly willing that the suit shall
be tried by justice and truth, and not under the
heated declamation of gentlemen who intend to
inflame the public mind of their own section,
without regard to the dictates of the truth of his-
tory. Now what are the facts in relation to this
case ? As I have them, from authentic sources,
they are not such as can give John Doe much
credit.
In my opinion, Governor Reeder will have to
answer, more than any other human being, for the
blood which will be shed—if any shall be shed—
for he occupied an important position to control
