1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from her interior, to get to markets with the
products of her rich soil — principally cotton,
though I believe there may be some -wheat. I
think he also alluded to what Tennessee had to
expend in order to connect her communications
with those of Georgia. Sir, we have the Mis-
sissippi washing Tennessee on one extremity;
wc have the Cumberland running through our
State to float off our heavy produce, our cotton
and tobacco. The Senator from Georgia will
allow no improvement for the Mississippi river,
because he thinks it unequal, and he alludes to
the faet of Tennessee having spent $10,000,000,
in-order to enable the people from the interior
of that State to send their products to foreign
markets, by making a connection with the Georgia
roads. Georgia reaps a great benefit from that
trade. Charleston shares a portion of it; but the
greater benefit of it goes to Augusta and Savan-
nah. We are forced to take our cotton to Savan-
nah and Charleston, at an expense of two or
three dollars a hale; when, if we could take it
down the Mississippi, the cost would not be
more than one dollar or one dollar and twenty-
five cents.
If the mouth of the Mississippi were kept clear
of obstructions, if that great channel were kept
open—in which the Senator from Louisiana
.properly takes a deep interest—we could take
our cotton from the State of Tennessee at one
half the cost which it now requires us to get it
to market. Why should we not have the benefit
of that improvement, cheapening the freights of
our internal commerce? Although we have no
direct port for foreign trade, we are interested m
the foreign trade; we are interested in "the pro-
tection of commerce abroad; we are interested,
1 admit, in the facilities of navigation on the
Atlantic coast; we feel a concern in the numerous
light-houses, light-boats, beacons, and buoys that
are established there. We have an interest in
all these expenditures, and I contend that we have
as clear a right, under the Constitution, (though
by implication,) to appropriations for the im-
provement of these great internal arteries, which
nature has provided, and which, notwithstanding
the multiplication of railroads, will continue to
be great and important channels of communica-
tion. The heaviest productions of the rich soil
of the West will float down the Mississippi; but
at an immense cost, in consequence of the ob-
structions. Will my friend from Missouri tell
me what is the annual loss to the navigation of
the Mississippi? Does he remember the statis-
tics? Can he teil at what cost the trade is ear-
ned between St. Louis and New Orleans, for ex-
ample ?
Mr. G-EYEIt. I do not remember.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I did not intend
to go even into the argument as far as I have
done, but to notice the point on winch the hon-
orable gentleman from Georgia dwelt so elo-
quently, as to the requirements of equality and
the great principle of justice. I consider that
there is no justice and no equality in the expend-
itures by this Government under the commercial
power, if we reject all improvements of this
nature. One other point I wish to notice.
The honorable Senatorfrom Georgia says that
you may appropriate $2,000,000 this year for im-
provements like this, and that next year you
cannot find a trace of the money; that you will
have to do the same work over again; that the'
great Father of Waters multiplies and renews the
obstructions at the mouth, and at every other
part of the river Mississippi, year after year.
This is true to a certain extent; but suppose that,
instead of #300,000, or $400,000, we propose to
expend ,000,000, or even $2,000,000, aunually,
in keeping open this great river: I say it would
be no more than an equivalent for the expend-
itures on the Atlantic coast. It would not be
equivalent m one sense, even including the har-
bors on the line of the northern lakes. Storms
1811
causes, render it necessary for you to renew a
large portion of these works, year after year.
I admit that these obstructions are renewed, to
some extent, every year; but once clear them out
thoroughly, and the appropriation thereafter may
be diminished; but still there would have to be- a
continual appropriation, to render the navigation
of the river safe, just as you have to make an
appropriation of a million and a half of dollars to
keep up the facilities which you have already con-
structed on the Atlantic coast.
Mr. TOOMBS. If my friend from Te nnessee
wishes answers to his questions, it will give me
a great deal of pleasure to respond to them when-
ever it suits hisconvenience to allow me to do so.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I desire to state
another point before I take my seat. The hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana reminds mc of a
fact of which J was not aware—that an appropria-
tion of §75,000, made a few years since, kept the
mouths of the Mississippi free for two years.
We may infer from this, that it would bo likely
to do so again: but if <300,000 be required, it is
but a pittance compared with the great value of
the improvement.
The distinguished Senator from Michigan has
handed me a report made by Mr. Calhoun in 1846,
ten years ago, in which he estimates the amount
of freight, on the supposition tluit the boats go
heavily freighted, at 000,000 annually, and the
annual value of the products of the valley trans-
ported on the Mississippi river and its tributaries
at $1^0,000.000, and from other portions of the
Union and from foreign countries at *>100,000,000,
making an aggregate product of #220,000.000.
This was ten years ago. it may be true that some
portion of the trade has been diverted by the rail-
roads which have been constructed north of the
Ohio river since that time; but my friend from
Missouri can probably tell us whether the trade
of tifat river has not kept pace  
Mr. GEYER. It has more than doubled, not-
withstanding the construction of the railroads.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Notwithstanding
the construction of those numerous railways, the
trade of the Mississippi river lias more than
doubled. 1 know, as has been stated by the Sen-
ator fiom Georgia, that the honorable Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] remarked on a for-
mer occasion that four fifths, or a large piopoi-
tion, of the money appropriated for these objects
was wasted. I admit that theie is some waste, but
that is always to be calculated upon. So tlu-ro is
waste in maintaining an armyand navy,and every
other public institution over which the Constitu-
tion gives you clear power. There must neces-
sarily be waste; there is, of course, more or less
looseness m superintendence. That is incident
to all Governments. Thepowcr is abused, no
doubt, just as the war p^Br is abused. I be-
lieve there is no political f^roomist,no writer on
Governments whose works I have ever read, or
whose sentiments! have overheard avowed, who
does not say that the people of the United States
are in less danger from the exercise of disputed
powers, such as that of internal improvement,
than from the gross abuse of clearly granted pow-
ers. The very debates and disputes which take
place in relation to appropriations of this descrip-
tion are some guard against extravagant waste.
The fact that we hear the honorable Senator from
Georgia denouncing the character of our expend-
itures, and the practice of this Government, tends
to prevent a branching forth into that course of
profligate expenditure which he has described.
One of his great objections to the expediency of ]
these works is the impossibility of having them
economically conducted. The some objection
lies to the war power, and the navy power, and
every other power under this Government.
1 desire to state further, in regard to the appro-
priations for light-houses, buoys, and beacons,
that they commenced m the first year of the
organization of this Government.
Mr. TOOMBS. J so stated.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I believe the Sen-
ator did state it; they have never been repudiated
since that. One argument may be that wo have
required that the jurisdiction of the land on
which light-house? stand should be ceded to the J
United States. Sir, we can destroy this argu-
ment. We will cede you the jurisdiction of the
channcl of the Mississippi at any time.
Air. GEYER. It belongs to the United States
now by compact.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Soitdoes; but the
Ohio is so situated that least of all could there
be any prospect of improving that river by any
consentaneous arrangement between the States
bordering on it, although they have jurisdiction.
I was struck the other day with an illustration
on this point, put by the honorable Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Pugii,] when I heard him speak for
the first time on this subject. If we have power
to erect a light-house on a point of rocks at the
entrance of one of our large bays or harbors on
the Atlantic coast, in order to render navigation
safe and eas)', and if we mnv expend $500 a year
to keep it up, can we not appropriate ^300,000 to
blow it out of the way altogether? The same
power exists in both cases. "But, sir, the main
objection which I wish to interpose to the argu-
ment and_ views of tiie honorable Senator, from
"Geoigia is the principle of puhi.c justice and
equality of which he has spoken. I call him back
to that again, and I rsk him to commcnco his
opposition to this system by laying the founda-
tion ior that equality and public justice as be-
tween different portions of the Union.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Tennessee
has asked mo several questions which I desire to
answer. He has asked whence comes the power
to erect and maintain light-houses, and carry on
the coast survey, and wiience coinu other powers
which he says he is exercising? I do not support
them. I vote against them. I hold thatwehavo
no such authority. Where light -housrs are neces-
sary foi the protection of your own Navy, I
admit the power to make thorn: but it. must bo
in a case where they are necessary and proper,
and not merely for the benefit and facilitation of
commerce. I have for eleven years maintained that
principle in those Halls, andatleastfifteenmirtutes
of my argument to-day was devoted to showing
that foreign and domestic commerce ought to be
charged, as in England and France, for the benefits
winch it receives. In England, Trinity House
carries on the light-house system, and charges
for it. I would make the ship-owners, the steam-
boat-owners—the common carriers of this country
—who are constantly using the power of this
Government to take money'"out of the pockets of
honest industry and agriculture, submit to the
universal rule. 1 say that it would be more
proper for the Senator from Tennessee to find
the constitutional power for these things. He
supports them—1 do not.
The Senator asks me where I derive the power
to spend $12,009,000 a year for the Navy? Sir,
I go to the only fountain of power which I know
in this country—-the Constitution. The Consti-
tution says that Congress shall <{ raise and sup-
port armies," and " provide and maintain a
navy," and every power in the Constitution must
be used for the common defense and general wel-
fare. The Constitution gives no power of com-
mon defense and general welfare, as the Senator
from Tennessee seems to suppose; butits require-
ment is, that every power granted by it to the
Federal Government shall be used for the com-
mon defense and general welfare. When you
have a right to raise and support an army, and
provide and maintain a navy, and when you have
exercised the right, they must be used for the
national defense. The defense of one is the de-
fense of all. The destruction of nationality is
the destruction of the life of all. The whole ar-
gument on the side of those who oppose me is
this: they ask mc for powers. I have gone to
the legitimate sources. They have not done so,
but talk to mc of expediency. They tell me of
the destruction of property and the loss of steam-
boats on the Mississippi river. Let'the owners
of this property insure it, or let them pay the
expenses of its transportation, and not go to tho
honest man living upon the sterile hills of New
Hampshire, and levy pence out of his poverty for
the benefit of the hundreds of millions—three
hundred millions, you say—floating on the Mis-
sissippi and its tributaries. This has been my
argument. If it were six hundred millions, or
six thousand millions, as much as you please,
the greater it is the more burning the injustice
and shame of taking from the pockets of those
who are not benefited, and paying it to those
who are boundless in wealth and production.
This is my principle.
1 do not find the power to make these works in
the Constitution. [ must reject it, then, unless
I find it to be necessary and proper to carry out
a granted power. If 1 so considered it, I should
exercise it. Under those two heads, and those
alone, I profess to find all my authority for acting
as a Senator. For eleven years, under all changes
of parties, m majorities and in minorities—in a
minority of three, I am told, on this bill—I have
stood by this great principle of justice. I say it
