576
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 15,
34th Conq....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board^~Mr. Mattery.
Senate.
2. That the board did not make that careful ex-
amination which the law prescribed.
3. That the board, in examining as to the
" efficiency" of officers, had no right to examine
as to moral disqualifications.
Before adverting to these points, I will meet
the singular proposition that the officers " dis-
missed by the Executive, under the board's rec-
ommendation, are still in the service," by placing
my response in the strongest light. I say, sir,
that when an officer is once dismissed the service
by the Executive, in pursuance of the judgment
of a court-martial, there is no power in this Gov-
ernment to restore him without executive nom- :
ination; and that, though it may be discovered i
after such dismissal that he was convicted by per- |
jured witnesses, and tried and sentenced by a j
perjured court, Congress alone is powerless to ,
restore him. This is my issue with the Senator :
from Mississippi. |
It has been contended by others that, although
the action of the board under the law has not
rendered all that they did null and void, their acts
are voidable, at least as regards the reserved offi- j
cars, though the dropped class pf officers have l o
remedy but an executive nomination.
Now, sir, having seen the condition of the ser-
vice, the characterof the evils to be reformed, let
us see exactly what duties the law did prescribe;
aad next how these duties were discharged:
1. A board was to be assembled by the Secre-
tary of the Navy, to consist of five captainsi five
commanders, and five lieutenants; and
2. The Secretary Was to prescribe " regulations
far its proceedings.
The preliminary duties were devolved by the
law upon the Secretary. Did he discharge them ?
Certainly he did; and as the law conferred dis-
cretionary power to select these officers from
their several grades without regard to age, posi-
tion, or service, he so exercised it as- to elicit the
almost universal approval of the service. Una-
nimity upon such a subject among *wr hundred
officers could not be anticipated; but I hesitate not
to say that he could aot have made a selection
which would have proved more acceptable to the
Navy. •
Having assembled the board, he "proscribed kie
regulations for its proceedings," and here his duties
ceased, and those of the board commenced. But
before leaving this point, let me say, that in this the
law conferred, wisely I think,upon the chief of the
Navy, who is presumed best to know the condi-
tion and necessities of the service, and is more or
less responsible for both, a large discretion in this
matter. In framing his regulations he consulted
and counseled with the Attorney General, upon
the construction of the law, his own duties under
it, and the duties of the board; and his regulations
in all and every particular Were regarded by the
Attorney General as in strict conformity with the
terms and the intent of tb« law; and, sir, I think
the dear, manly, and appropriate terms in which
they are expressed, and the patriotic spirit they
breathe—looking, as they do,, far above and be-
yond all personal considerations, to the highest
efficiency of the naval service—must command
the assent and the respect «f every candid mind.
" Navy Pspaktment, June 20,1855.
"Oentlikbm: Tie President has 'caused you to be
assembled' with a view to carry into execution an act
approved February28, 1855,entitled 'An act to promote ;
the efficiency of the Navy.' j
" The law directs this to be performed ' under such reg- |
ttlations as shall he prescribed by the Secretary of the :
Navv.' |
"V our path of duty is marked out so plaint}', and with I
sttcli distinctness, by the language of the statute, aa to i
enable you to advance unembarrassed with technical ques- !
tions, and undisturbed by difficulties, save those necessarily \
incident to the delicate ani responsible task of passing upon i
the relative merit and incapacity of officers attached to
your own honorable branch of the public service, la pre-
scribing regulations, 1 shall endeavor to be very brief and 1
concise, in order to avoid trammeling your deliberations '
by a multitude of rules, often more calculated to confuse '
than to direet. !
" Reposing confidence in your integrity and intelligence j !
persuaded of your competence to discriminate with justice, i
because of your experience and your personal and official
association with your brother officers; entertaining no
doubt of your having the independence to discharge your
duty with fidelity and steadiness of purpose, however deli-
cate or painful, I have an abiding faith that the honor and
reputation of the service will be safe in your hands, and
that I need not indulge in elaborate argument or appeals to
your pride as officers, and patriotism aa citizens, to-coop-
erate in causing the standard of capacity iivthe American
Navy to be maintained at an elevation commanding the
confidence and respect of the country. Considerate states-
men look to the ocean as the theater on which future
national conflicts are, to a large extent, to be settled, and
the commerce of the country regards the Navy not merely
as a friendly ally, but a sure protector. Our wonderful
expansion as a nation, the necessary multiplication of grave
questions with distant foreign Powers, and our wide-spread
commerce, have attracted, with greatly increased concern,
the attention of the legislative and executive departments
of Government to the condition of the Navy, and the
importance of securing rigor, energy, and capacity in its
personnel. In order the more effectually to attain that
otyect, and yet not do injustice from haste or ignorance,
Congress has authorized the assembling of a board of officers,
whose duties shall be merely of an advisory nature, and as
an aid to the Executive in promoting ' the efficiency' of
the Navy. The Executive has appointed you under that
law, and it now becomes your duty to make a ' careful
examination,' and report in pursuance thereof And here,
gentlemen, allow me to invite your attention to the search-
ing language of the law. The law requires capacity; but
it stops not here, for it must be a capacity to perform ' all
duty,' ' ashore and afloat.' But it stops not here; for it is
not content with a mere capacity to perform duty, but
demands that it shall be done not merely ' promptly,' but
' efficiently.' The law, therefore, has fixed the test. You
are at an advitory board to atstit in enforcing it. Your own
sound common sense, and acquaintance with the duties of
an offioer, will guide you to the true practical interpretation
of this. Efficiency, efficiency—that is what is required.
Inefficiency, inefficiency—that is what is to be withdrawn
in order to ' promote' the efficient. Neither the law nor the
country asks for anything unreasonable. In examining as
to who are ' incapable of performing their whole duty both
ashore and afloat,' I need hardly suggest to you that an
officer may be ' incapable,' either mentally, physically, or
morally; for although he may possess a strong mind and
robust frame, yet if his moral perception of right and wrong
be so blunted and debased as to render him unreliable, be
could hardly be ran ked as the capable officer, to be intrusted
with the li veB of his countrymen and the property and honor
Of his country."
Well did the Secretary know that the Navy did
not command the confidence and respect or the
country. He saw it in the official records, under
his own eye, of vice, and crime, and imbecility.
He saw it in the repeated reports of his prede-
cessors in that Department. He saw it in the
repeated action of Congress attempting naval
reform. He saw it in the attempt to disband the
Navy, to revoke its commissions, and to carve a
new service out of its shattered fragments. When
the board assembled, 1 will undertake to say here
that there was scarcely a dissenting voice from
the common judgment of the Navy approving Of
the selection of officers to compose it. The gen-
eral voice of the Navy confirmed the selection of
the Secretary; and now, after all the clamor that
has been raised—after listening to every thing that
has been said against the board—after challenging
in my place investigation of every act of their
official career—nay, sir, after patiently listening
to all the ingenious attacks, direct and insinuated,
ou their characters and their motives, and even to
the stale jests and shrewd surmises upon what
they did, why they did it, and what were their
private thoughts, they emerge from the extraor-
dinary and unprecedented ordeal, not only un-
scathed, but without even the smoke of the battle
upon their garments. And, sir, it affords me that
gratification Which all men should feel who sus-
tain the right, to reiterate my conviction, that no
other fifteen men could befeund in your service to
enter upon the discharge of so delicate a trust
with a higher or a truer sense of right, or who
could have discharged it more justly or nobly than
they did.
Here, for the present, I will leave these regu-
lations, to examine the action of the assembled
board, the first objection to which is that its ac-
tion was not public.
This point has afforded a most prolific theme
of declamation; but as yet I have to hear the first
argument to show us how the terms of the law
upon its face could have been complied with,or its
obvious intent attained, by such public action.
1 say, sir, that not only does the duty which
the act devolved upon the board exclude the idea
that its action was to be public, but it is excluded
by the express terms of tne law itself. Congress
had decided that the Navy needed reform; and
calling upon the Executive to aid in attaining it,
provided him with a committee of councilors,
whose advice he might adopt or reject at pleasure;
and this committee or board, without any of the
elements of a legal tribunal, without even the
power of summoning a witness, enforcing his
attendance, administering an oath, punishing for
contempt, or appointing a clerk, were to«id him
with their opinions derived from their personal
knowledge of the Navy, and the records and files
of the Department. No prosecutor or complain-
ant was tnere to aid their investigation, but they
were to originate and conclude upon their own
inquiries. Now, sir, inebriety was a common vice
in the Navy—a vice to which seamen in all ser
vices are, from the peculiar privations and hard-
ships of their profession, more or less addicted.
Courts, for this reason, regard its exhibition by
the foremast hand with lenity; but in the officer
it is commonly the basis of total disqualification.
Let us suppose the board to be convened, and
a member of the lieutenant's grade to be under
examination. The five lieutenants have sailed
with him and havealways known him as a man in
whom the ship's company had no confidence;
to whom the ship could not be trusted; and
whose mid watcn in stormy latitudes usually
kept all hands awake. One of the commanders,
perhaps, has sailed with him, and found him
asleep on his watch, and excused the offense on a
pledge of amendment, which pledge was broken;
while another, wfao has had him as master, de-
clares that his day's work could never be con-
fided in, and his positions were usually wrong,
and the files of the Department show such to be
his character. Now, sir, here is a clear case for
removal from the active list, for it is evident that he
is incompetent. But the question arises where he
is to be placed; and upon tnispoint the law is again
consulted, and here the board find that if tiiey
| believe his incompetency has arisen "from any
cause implying sufficient blame on the part of the offi.-
' cer," tbeyare to recommend his name to be struck
, from the rolls. At this stage of the proceedings
the lieutenants, who have known him throughout
his career declares that the man rarely goes to
bed sober, and that, in default of liquor, he takes
opium; that this is the cause of his incompeten-
cy to perform his duty; and it now becomes th?
duty of the board to determine what course they
should recommend the Executive to adopt, and
j their duty is then discussed. Now, sir, sup-
' pose that throughout this investigation and dis-
i cussion — wherein official reports and records
of courts-martial in his case are produced—the
officer himself, his friends, his family, are present:
what prospect would there exist that each mem-
ber of the board would speak out firmly and
frankly all his knowledge of the party? or that
a board, conducting their investigations under
such circumstances, could be expected to pursue
a stem, rigid, firm and, unbiased course ? Why,
sir, here, even here, in the midst of legislation,
where none are willing to admit that sympa-
thies influence judgment, do we not witness the
effect of the presence of the memorialists? And
could we look for more heroic firmness in a
board so greatly abused ?
1 Let us advance a step, and suppose that, from
extraordinary or peculiar features in his case, the
i board determine, by a vote of eight to seven, not
[ to dismiss, but to reserve him; or, if you please,
that he'is not'even retired, but is still retained on
the active list: by what right, I ask, has the
board thus published to the world, by its public
acts, his vices, his follies, or his misfortunes?
I The law confers no such right, nor do the duties
\ of the board involve its exercise. Why, then, 1
I ask, would you perform the cruel mockery of
' retaining him in your service, while you publish
i his shame, and thus " hold the word of promise
j to the ear, to break it in the hope?"
But, sir, I have said that the law, in terms,
excludes the idea of a public examination; and to
show this I ask your attention to the proviso at
the end of the first section, in these words:
" Provided, That no officers upon said board shall examine
into, or report upon, the efficiency of officers of a grade
•above them."
Now, sir, is it not manifest that, to give any
effect to this proviso, all officers of the board must
! retire when the five captains are examining as to
the efficiency of their own grade, except the cap-
tains themselves? What an absurdity it would
! be to say, that, while the five captains were dia-
I cussing and commenting upon their own grade,
; examining the records and files of the Depart-
ment, ana arriving, by a free interchange of their
: separate views and judgments, at precise opin-
! ions to give to the Executive — that the tea
