586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
events. I suppose none will doubt now, that
when the Missouri line was adopted, it was done
by a mere legislative power, and therefore could
be wiped out by the same competent authority.
Missouri was admitted against the consent of the
North, as a body; but the South, in a spirit of
compromise, agreed to that line. How has she
been treated ? Since I have been a member of
the Senate, no opportunity has been offered when
some northern man has not, on the occasion of
territory being acquired south of that line, made
a motion to exclude the slaveholder. There has
not been a single occasion, when the opportu-
nity has been presented, when they have not
violated the implied pledge contained in the obli-
fations of that line. I ring it in their ears. If
had no other cause to wipe out the line, I could
find it in the fact that they have not regarded it
in good faith, hut have violated their public honor
and plighted faith, as expressed on the statute-
book. When Oregon was organized into a Ter-
ritory, this feeling so far prevailed that it would
not allow southern men to vote for it, upon the
ground, that inasmuch as the Territory lay north
of 36° 30', it might be organized under the intend-
ment of the Missouri compromise.
Sir, you will remember the occurrenccs of the
"war with Mexico. Day after day many of us
■went to the War Department expecting to hear,
what many did hoar, the dreadful results of battle
to friends and relatives. I suppose we may con-
eider the war with Mexico as having been fought
to a certain extent to acquire the territory which
followed its termination through the medium of
negotiation. At that time, when the South con-
tributed as many men, and as much money, for die
prosecution of the war as the North—the South
sending forth many more men—did I not hear a
Senator from New York [Mr. Dix] rise in his
place and say that he intended to maintain the
Wilmot proviso on the ground mainly that it
would crcate a cordon of free States around the
slaveholding States, and with the assertion of the
superior civilization of the free States ? Was that
no violation of the Missouri compromise ? I put
it now fairly to the men who speak in this heated
language, if territory were to be acquired to-mor-
row would they not propose the same Wilmot
proviso? Do they think that no violation of the
Missouri compromise ? They claim positively all
that was concedcd to them, and deny the benefit
of its provisions to the South that made the con-
cession. Now, I am willing to propose a game
of/air play. Let the opinion of the people, as it may
be formed in the process of territorial existence,
determine the character of the State, and whether
the State presenting herself for admission shall
admit or exclude slavery be no bar to her admis-
sion.
Sir, that compromise, as it has been called, has
never been observed. There never has been an
opportunity offered when those who cry out about
its abrogation have not been willing to violate
its true intendment. I say its true intendment,
because south of that lmc it was always under-
stood that the people should have a right to hold
slaves or not, according to their own option. In
regard to the Territory of Kansas, i think it
might well have been left a debatable ground—
neither to call it a slaveholding nor a non-slave-
holding State. It was an occasion when we
might have cemented, in some measure, the bonds
of the ancient brotherhood; but no, sir, we find
that gentlemen come in with the Bible in one hand
to preach against slavery, and the torch m the
other. That is the attitude in which they present
themselves in the temple of our common delibera-
tions—the torch m one hand and the Bible in the |
other—the pulpit and Sharped rifle. Under the |
banner of theology, incendiaries march, with !
torches in their hands, proclaiming Uod'swili, ]
but doing their own. j
I have stated one reason why the Missouri line I
should have been disregarded by the southern i
people. Now I go furrher, and I say, in regard !
to the immediate issue on which the President has j
made the proclamation, he is justified. How was i
it brought about? I said before, that Governor j
Keeder was responsible for it. I sav so now. By 1
what authority did Iteeder go to Kansas? He |
went there under the authority of a law regu- ]
larly constituting a Territorial Government, lie |
Went there to be its.Governor, and to carry out \
the-provisions of that law, just as much as if the I
Missouri line had not been repealed. Reeder re-
ceived his commission as a tenant under a land-
lord; and 1 have always said that it was one of
the wisest provisions of the common law that no
tenantshoukl be allowed to dispute his landlord's
title. He was placed there as a sentinel; but what
was his course ? He first assembled the Legisla-
ture at Pawnee City. They were not long there
before they adjourned to the Shawnee Mission.
He refused to sanction the adjournment, and the
very first bill brought to him afterwards was one
chartering the Kickapoo Ferry Company, I think.
He refused to sanction the bill, and refused to
maintain the authority which had been conferred
on him, and without which he would have been
a criminal intruder. As he was there under the
color of lav/, he was in a position to do much evil
or to do much good. He was the trusted officer
on the quarter-deck in a storm, and by his judg-
ment might save the vessel. He refused to con-
tinue with his trust, and has given rise to a fearful
trial.
Well, sir, when Reeder would not do his duty
and carry out the provisions of the law, what was
the President to do? Remove him, of course.
When he was removed, what was the next step?
Those who call themselves free-State settlers,
emigrants sent out by the aid societies, assembled
at Big Springs, and nominated as their Governor
(perhaps I maybe mistaken,as their Delegate to
Congress) this man, who was in open rebellion
to his own authority—a man who had disputed
the title under which he entered the Territory.
They not only did that, but they instituted pro-
ceedings for establishing a government to invest
themselves, under the name of squatter sov-
ereignty, with, I suppose, the right of usurpers.
They had a second meeting at Topeka, and
adopted a constitution in convention, and under
that constitution elections have been held, and a
Governor, judges, and members of the Legisla-
ture have been elected. That Legislature was to
assemble yesterday. God knows what may be
the tragedy growing out of the 4th of March,
185(). Sir, the news of what occurred in Kansas
on the 4th of March, 1856, may bring us the in-
telligence which will be the knell of "the institu-
tions—I will not say of the Union—of this coun-
try; for I hope there is wisdom enough left to
preserve republican institutions in durable form,
should the present Union be no mo:p.
What was the President to do under these
circumstances? Who brought about this catas-
trophe? What is the attitude of these men?
They have taken the law into their own hands,
and when they did so they implored David R.
Atchison for mercy, and he saved them. Here
I will do him the justice to say that he has not
heretofore passed the Rubicon with the spirit of.
an ambitious ruler; but if hereafter he ever passes
that Rubicon, all his benevolence—and it is very
large—will not enable, him to overlook the taunts
and insults which have been heaped upon him.
If David It. Atchison shall ever pass the line
again, and say as Cccsar did, " I have passed the
Rubicon, and now I draw the sword," I should
dread the contest, for the very reason that he
who goes into matters of this kind with reluct-
ance is most to be feared. Remember, sir, that
Hector, at the siege of Troy, was the last to
espouse the cause of one who had done dishonor
to Priam's house, and ho was the last to desert
it. He perished for the coward who got him
into the difficulty. The proud patriot was averse
to the quarrel of effeminate Paris—but once in,
he was the last to yield up the honor of the house
of Priam.
Sir, this subject enlarges itself very much in
the estimation of gentlemen who have spoken
upon it. I shall use no epithets towards the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. I have thus far at-
tempted to avoid thrm. 1 have characterized his
speech, but I have used no epithets. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire undertakes to say that,
throughout the whole of the controversy in rela-
tion to the public domain of the United S'ates,
the South have been the aggressors. " Southern
aggression5'was the term on his hps—southern
aggression—southern insolence and dough-face
treason on the part of his own countrymen! Both
statements are untrue. I do not impute to him
personal untruth. I make the remark in a his-
torical and parliamentary debate, and I am speak-
ing of transactions. Let the Senator answer me
one question. When Virginia ceded the North-
western Territory, out of which five free States
have been created, was it southern aggression ?
When she parted with that domain, anil gave it
over to the non-slaveholding population of the
North, was it southern aggression ? She parted
with her domain and bestowed it as a bounty upon
those who have enjoyed it. I will not say who
is the Cordelia or the Regan in the sisterhood, but I
can say who has been the Lear. It was the Old
Dominion. Little did Virginia think, when she
planted those States by her own hand, that they
would give rise to a controversy in which an
opinion would bo inculcated by which she should
be reproached for her decrepitude. She can well
say,
" How sharper than a serpent's tooth it is
To have a thankless child !"
Hostile allies have availed themselves of the
power thus acquired, and, like a cockatrice, are
willing to sting the bosom that gave them life.
The nurses, however, are much worse than the
children, some of whom I have reason to know
are true-hearted, and are willing to maintain good
faith, but for the intermeddling of fanatical influ-
ence that regards no restraint of law and compact.
Do you call that southern aggression? The
South then parted with her power, and now it is
regarded as southern aggression when she resents
the insults of those who have availed themselves
of it. At least, this much may be fairly said—
the fanatical portion of the North are willing to
use all the advantage thus given to assail the
southern section.
Now, look at the acquisition of the Territory of
Louisiana. There the South agreed to exclude
herself from all that portion of it north of 3tP 30',
and one free State, Iowa, has been formed out of
that portion of the Territory. The Senator from
New Hampshire quoted the opinions of many
Senators to the effect that Kansas is not to be a
slave State. Sir, I do not know that it will be a
slaveholding State. I say, however, that, when
the southern portion of the United States parted
with that dominion which we rightfully possessed,
and allowed ourselves to be excluded from the
Louisiana territory, we played the part of a gen-
erous parent who has only met with the scorn
and contempt which a want of wisdom justly de-
serves. It wos puffing a rod in the hands of
others, without knowing who they were, under
the hone that it would be used as a weapon of
common defense, but which has been used against
the donor as a means of controlling his authority.
When wc obtained California, by whose treas-
ure and whose arms was it acquired? Sir, I will
notimiiate the example of thy Senator fiom New
Hampshire. I will not in my place allow myself
to say that it was not acquired by northern as well
as by southern arms, and by northern as well as
by southern treasure. A protest was made that
that acquisition was to redound to the South.
Let me ask where the ^300,000,000 which it is
said have been collected from California have been
poured out? Like the dew of heaven, which
arises m one place and descends on another. I
will not say, in this connection, that I might
emblazon the fame and gallantry of southern
heroes and generals. I might boas proud of the
gallantry of my own section, as antiquity was of
the heroes of Greece and of Rome, and the heroes
of Marathon. I will not refuse a common grave
to the gallant Ransom, and the equally gallant
Dickerson, who fell in the same battle. I would
not deny to them the mingled wreath of the laurel
and the cypress. Sir, in the face of the truth of
history, when wc have shed our blood in a com-
mon contest, and when we acquired a territory
by common treasure, what is the fact? Has it
not been appropriated to the non-slaveholding
portion of this Confederacy, under a non-slave-
holding constitution? That is southern aggres-
sion !
Did the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire th«nk that he could satisfy any one who
heard him on these points? No, sir; but it looks
as if he intended to feed the flames which are
burning, but which he, in his benevolence, ought
to extinguish. The gravamen of his argument,
however, is, that Texas was annexed with a
view to pander to southern insolence and pride.
Now, I intend, in that connection, to propound
some questions which those who agree with him
will find it very difficult to swallow. They have
