THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 29, 1856.
New Series No. 83.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such a prop-
osition the Chair could not entertain as being in
order. It is not competent to fix the time when
the Senate shall take a vote.
Mr. BENJAMIN". 1 proposed it merely as a
common understanding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood it as a mere suggestion.
Mr. CLAY. 1 do not know that there will be
any effort to defer a vote beyond to-morrow. I
entertain no such purpose myself, and I do not
know of any one who does. I think the debate
will probably be concluded in two or three hours
to-morrow.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope that before we ad-
ourn, it will be understood among gentlemen
that the vote will be taken to-morrow. We
know that there are many Senators who do not
attend very punctually, who have business in the
committee rooms .or before the Departments,
which they consider more important, but who
would like to vote if they knew when the ques-
tion would positively be taken.
Mr. MASON. Taking it for granted that
■there is no disposition in the world to put this
vote off unnecessarily—I certainly entertain none
—I would suggest that, from the appearance of
the debate to-day, it will probably end to-morrow,
and we can take the vote then. I move, there-
fore, to postpone the further consideration of this
subject until to-morrow at one o'clock, and make
it the special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 27, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BILLS, RESOLUTIONS, ETC., INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOWDELL, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced the
following bills; which were severally read a first
and second time, and referred as indicated below:
A bill to establish a mail route in Alabama.
Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
A bill for the relief of the Alabama and Florida,
and the Girard Railroad Companies,bjr extend-
ing the time for payment of duties upon imported
iron. Referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, by unanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tnat the Committee on Printing be directed to
inquire into the expediency of ordering ten thousand extra
-copies of the repoit of the Secretary of the Treasury on
the condition of the bank«s of the United States to be
printed—eigilt thousand to be for the use of this House,
and two thousand copies for the use of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. POWELL, by ..unanimous consent, re-
ported, from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, a bill for the relief of George
H. Giddings; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WA SHBURNE, of Wisconsin, by unan-
imous consent, and in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill granting a portion of the
public lands to the State of Wisconsin, to aid in
the construction of railroads in said State; which
•was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
With a view " to promote the efficiency of the Navy,"
and to obtain such information as may conduce thereto,
therefore it is
Resolved, That the Secretary-of the Navy be requested
to inform the House of Representatives of the exact period
which each officer of the Navy, now on the active list, has
served on the coast survey, or any other service credited
as Pea service," on the Register, except such service as
83
ha4? actually been performed on board of public ship.-* on
foreign stations, or the squadion known os the "llome
Squadron."
PUBLIC LANDS TO MICHIGAN.
Mr. WALBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back House bill (No. 172)
" making a grant of alternate sections of public
lands to the State of Michigan to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State, and j
for other purposes," with an amendment in the :
nature of a substitute. j
The substitute was read in extenso. It pro- \
poses to grant to the State of Michigan, to aid
in the construction of certain railroads therein,
every alternate section of the public lands desig-
nated by odd numbers, for six sections in width
on each side of each of such railroads; and in
case the United States shall have sold any part
of such lands, or that the right of preemption is
attached to the same, then it authorizes the ap-
pointment, by the Governor of such State, of an
agent or agents, to select from the lands of the
United States nearest to the tiers of sections so
specified, as much land, in alternate sections or
parts of sections, as shall be equal to such lands
as the United States shall have sold or otherwise
appropriated; which lands shall be held by the
State of Michigan for the use and purpose afore-
said; provided that the lands so located shall
in no instance be further than fifteen miles from
the line of the road for and on account of which
they are selected.
The second scction provides that the sections
and parts of sections of lands remaining to the
United States within six miles of each of such
roads, shall not be sold for less than double the
minimum price of public lands.
The third section provides that the said rail-
roads shall be and remain public highways for
the use of the Government of the United States,
free of toll and other charges on the transport of
any property or troops of the United States.
The fourth section regulates the manner in
which the lands are to be given for these purposes.
Upon the construction of twenty continuous
miles of any of such roads, the Governor of the
State shall notify the Secretary of the Interior of
that fact, and a quantity of land, not exceeding
one hundred and twenty sections for each of
said roads so having twenty continuous miles
completed, shall be given and sold; and so from
time to time till the roads are completed; and if
any of such roads be not completed within ten
years, no further sales shall be made, and the
lands unsold shall revert to the United States.
The fifth section provides that the United States
mail shall be transported over such roads, under
the direction of the Post Office Department, at
such price as Congress may by law direct; and
until such price be designateu, the Postmaster
General shall have the power to determine the
same.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, 1 have
but a few woids to say to the House. The bill
which has just been reported from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands is, in its main features, an
exact copy of other bills considered and passed
at this session, granting lands, in alternate sec-
tions, to aid in the construction of railroads.
The only difference is that of description and
location of the roads. The bill provides for the
construction of aline of road from the south shore
of Lake Superior—the iron and copper mining
region—to the northern line of Wisconsin. It will
there connect with a road now in the process of
construction northward from Chicago to Mil-
waukee by the way of Fond du Lac. The House
made a grant of land, the other day, to aid in the
construction of that Wisconsin road. This bill
also provides for a route to the iron and copper
mining region across Lake Michigan—the termini
on either side of the lake being connected by
steamboat navigation—and leading from Detroit.
Thus will that rich mining country be opened to
the trade of the East, West, and South, as well
in winter as in summer; and thus will be contin-
ued northward the great national line of railroad
from the Gulf of Mexico. The south shore of
Lake Superior will be joined with the waters
that wash our extreme southern limits. All of
this national line of road has been provided for in
some way or another, excepting the link for which
this bill now makes provision. Some of the road
has been built, and other portions are in the prog-
ress of construction.
If no land has been sold along the proposed
line of the roads indicated in this bill since the
1st of April, there will be granted under it, in
alternate sections, about one million three hun-
dred thousand acres. Of course the sections of
land reserved to the Government arc enhanced in
price. I am not disposed to consumc the time
of the House; and, that the matter may be speed-
ily acted on, call for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gcn~
tlcman from Michigan will withdraw his call for
the previous question, in order that 1 may have
an opportunity to submit a few remarks on this
bill. I have no hope that I shall be able to de-
feat the passage of the bill; but I do think that
there should bo afforded to those opposed to this
system of granting lands to railroads some chance
briefly to lay before the House the views and the
grounds for that opposition.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. The principle of these
railroad grants has been discussed in this Houso
time and time again, during the past six years--
ay, for the past ten years. That principle ia
well understood by every member who is before
me; and I will say that the course pursued in
these matters has bccnadopted by the Committee
on Public Lands, in order to save time and ex
pedite the public business-
Mr. CRAIGE. The gentleman says that this
principle has been discusscd here, I fieg to differ
with him. We have not had an opportunity to
debate these bills. Wc have known nothing of
them until they are reported, and then, without
being printed, forced to a passage. I hope, if
the gentleman will not allow the bill to be dis*-
cussed, that ho will at least let it be printed, that
we may read it.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I did not mean to say-
that this principle had been elaborately debated
before this House and this Congress, and I do
not think that I did so say. But it is known to
all that the system has in previous Congresses
been discussed over and over again, and after all
the discussion in both Houses it has met with the-
approval of Congress.
Mr. CRAIGE. This bill is not printed. We
do not know what it is.
Mr. PECK. I call the gentleman to order;
there is a call for the previous question pending.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
Mr. CRAIGE. I only ask that the gentleman
from Michigan withdraw his call for the previous
question, and let this bill take the usual course. Let
it go to the Committee of the Whole and beprinted,
so that we may all calmly examine it. The gen-
tleman says that the bill gives away about one
million three hundred thousand acres of the public
land. He thinks it is a small quantity. I do not.
But I have not the stomach that the gentleman
has for these large grants. I cannot take the*
so rapidly; I want time for digestion. I hope we
will not be forced to a vote on the bill this morn-
ing. I trust the call for the previous question
will be withdrawn.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I do not
think any new light can be shea on the House,
in reference to these land grants for railroad pur-
poses. The system, as I have said before, has
been discussed in each successive Congress for
ten years past. It has been discussed in the coun-
try and before the people. We all, I am sure,
thoroughly understand the principle on* which it
is founded. Therefore, I do not perceive any
good that will flow from any protracted debate at
this day; and to save the time of the House, I
decline to withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. JONES. I do not ask that the bill be post-
poned and ordered to be printed: I have no hope
