1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
been so much used to eating dainty things at the
North, that their stomachs are not quite strong
enough for the wholesome food which I might
offer "them, and which their sentimental stomachs
might reject. I will put my questions, however,
to the Senator from New Hampshire, for I am
better acquainted with him, and I suppose he is
the organ, and stands at the head, of those who
agree with him in opinion. Would lie consent
that Texas should have become a British prov-
ince, with the certainty that England would place
that province in the same condition as its West
India islands, and with the certainty that her
policy would be to make war on the institutions
of Louisiana and other southern States? Would
he take the part of England in such a contro-
versy, sooner than of those who have given us
our liberties and our rights ? Would he consent
that Great Britain should take possession of
Texas, and make war, like a roaring lion seek- ]
ing whom it may devour among its neighbors? |
Would he consent to that, on an acknowledged I
condition only that it should not have slaves, and !
should be pledged to make war on the institu- ]
tutions of the southern States ? Would he agree
to make war on his southern confederates on
such conditions and through such agencies ?
The next question which I have to propound on
that point is, whether they would consent that
Texas should up to this time have retained her sep-
arate existence as an independent republic upon
our borders, carrying on, in a commercial point
of view, a competition with us, which would have
redounded to the advantage of the South; because,
if Texas had opened her ports under the doctrinc
of free trade, she would have conciliated her
southern neighbors both by propinquity, consan-
guinity, interest, and trade, and she would have
had a right to do it? The Worth would have suf-
fered more by her separate existence than the
South, because they would have brought goods
to Galveston, and when they got there all the
Sharpe's rifles and the pulpits of the North could
not prevent them from going wherever the people
chose to carry them. I say nothing about smug-
fling. Let those do it who are accustomed to it.
wish to make no invidious distinctions; but I may
remark that the Yankee is avery keen fellow,-and
I think he is the pioneer at bargain-making and
trade wherever there is an opportunity.
The next question I put to the gentlemen is,
■whether they would consent now to romitTexas
to her original condition, and let her assume a
separate existence as a rival republic? They
■would do none of these things if they would con-
sult the public mind of their constituents. They
might say so, but they would be rebuked about
as effectually as any public men could be rebuked
whenever they appealed to that judgment. These
are hard questions I admit. I ask them, would
they agree that England should take Texas and
exclude slavery, or that Texas should continue
to be a separate republic ; or would they expel
her now from the Union if in their power5 Why
talk of these things when they do not intend to
do what they speak about? Ihey would do no
such thing. They would not dare to do it. Still
they resort to the safety valve of rhetoric to get
rid of these difficulties, and to pour out its effu-
sions on a deluded constituency. They make an
ex parte motion, and do not expect a judgment
on it.
Now, sir, I have disposed of most of the topics
which have been introduced into this debate, and
I come to the main gravamen of the matter before
us, and that is, what is the President to do? Sup-
pose the so-called Legislature assembled in Kan-
sas on the 4th of March, absolutely hoisting the
banner of treason, rebellion, and insurrection,
what is the President to do ? I tell you, sir, as
much as the gentlemen to whom I allude d enounce
the President, if he should not interpose his peace-
making power in Kansas, that Legislature will be
opposed, and opposed by men as brave as they
are, with weapons in their hands, and the contest
will be decided by the sword. If it was only to
involve them, perhaps it would not be of serious
consequence ; but the feeling which they have
engendered is pervading the Republic. Even in
my own State J perceive that parties are being
formed to go to Kansas; adventurous young men
who will fight anybody. Sir, let me caution you,
do not hold out to the youth of this country a 1
temptation to go into scenes of blood. If you do |
this, you will commit the gravest of all contro-
vei-sies on earth and the most important concerns
of society to the youth of the country, for they
will go there; and the cause of a Republic may
be decided by the judgment of youthful impulse.
Will gentlemen tell me that the President was
not to interpose and save them from such a con-
test? Sir, lie would be guilty of a criminal dere-
liction of duty if he were not to interpose; for,
by interposing, he can save them from the conse-
quences of this issue. I do not advise him to fire
the Federal gun, of which the Senator from New
Hampshire spoke. God knows, as I have said,
one drop of blood shed in civil strife m this
country may not only dissolve this Union, but
may do worse. Sir, I have such confidence in
the good sense of the country that I believe re-
publican institutions might survive the present
Union. Really it is broken already; forthe spirit
which cherished it has been extinguished, and the
very altars upon which we ought to worship have
been profaned by false fires. 1 have been accus-
tomed only to look at this Union to be preserved
by observing the obligations of the Federal Con-
stitution, and the honor of compacts, and as to
be maintained by the good faith of that old Puritan
school which formed the Constitution, and did
not have quite as much sentimentality as some
of their successors. I do not say what kind of
successors they are. Sir, the men of those days
had a hardy morality, which dealt with events as
they were. They had a wisdom which knew
how to accommodatc itself to circumstances, and
did not lift themselves so high that they saw more
than others, and sought ethereal regions because
the earth was too good for them. Sir, it is not
the purest bird which always seeks the highest
regions of air. The vulture, it is said, lives in
the regions of eternal snow, and yet ii can de-
scend from its ethereal height to live on garbage
below.
The President, of the United States is under the
highest and most solemn obligations to interpose;
and, if I were to indicate the manner in which he
should interpose in Kansas, I would point out
the old common law process. I would serve a
warrant on Sharpe's rifles, and if Sharpe's rifles
did not answer the summons, and come into court
on a day certain, or if they resisted the sheriff, I
would summon the posse comitatus, and I would
have Colonel Sumner's regiment to be part of
that posse comitatus. The men in Kansas may be
deluded. There may be good men among them.
I do not wish for an outbreak. I think there are
many men among them who on reflection will
give over their delusions. I am not among those
who hate any man because he differs from nie;
but I do despise those who are willing to commit
others to a contest in which they themselves will
escape the consequences.
Mr. President, I shall not pursue this subject
further. I have reviewed what has been said so
far as I thought proper to allude to it, and now I
conclude with this remark—that if we are to be
drifting in this way into a dissolution of the
Union, I would rather that it should be dissolved
to-morrow—I wish my words measured—in pref-
erence to living in a Union without the protection
of a Constitution which gives me an equality, i
should tell my people so to-morrow. Yes, sir, the
moment you say this Union is not under the con-
trol, and the influence, and the operative influ-
ence of the Constitution of the country, I say to
South Carolina," Go out of the Union, and make
arrangements with others to form such a govern-
ment as you can live in with honor and dignity."
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, when this mes-
sage was received, I took occasion to express the
opinion thatnostate of facts existed which would
justify the President of the United States to issue
iiis proclamation or an order to call the troops of
the United States or the militia into active service
in the Territory of Kansas, until the state of facts
was presented contained in the papers upon the
table. I entertained that opinion then. I ex-
pressed it in a calm manner, and indecorous lan-
guage. It was what I thought then, and I think
so now.
TheSenatorfromMassachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
rose in his place on that occasion, and accused
me of servility; and, alluding to the President of
the United States in connection with myself, de-
nounced me as his Senator. After the great length
which elapsed before his speech was prepared for
publication, he issued that speech in a revised
form, reiterating the charge. I am very glad that
he is now in his seat.
Sir, there are two sources from which calum-
nies usually spring—one from an honorable man
who never willfully calumniates, and is always
ready to make reparation. The other is from a
source too low to deserve notice-—so low that it
can hardly be replied to or noticed without dis-
credit. There is nothing lower than the voluntary
instrument of the lowest dens of infamy, who
assails the character of an absent man that stands
high in the estimation of his country.
1 took occasion, when this message was first
presented to the Senate, to say that I was appre-
hensive there were those in the country who, at
this particular time, were not anxious that quiet
should be restored in Kansas, because then their
vocation would be gone. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts went into a vindication of those who
were opposed to the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and
said that, if I applied my remark to them, he de-
nounced it. Sir, I made no application of what
I said to those who were opposed to the Kansas-
Nebraska bill; they were not in my mind. I am
not in the habit of denouncing bodies of men;
because, where there arc large bodies of men, the
great mass of them arc honest, honorable, and
patriotic, who mean to devote themselves to the
service of their country honestly, fairly, and truly.
He took occasion also to apply my remark to
one of the parties in Kansas called the " free-State
party." I made no application of my remark to
that class of men. I did not speak of them, nor
allude to tjicm; they were not in my mind. The
i Senator from Massachusetts went a little further,
I and applied the remark to himself. If ho had
I asked me whether I intended its application to
I himself, I should at that time have answered; but
| he has applied it to himself, and if the coat fits
him, and sets so closely on him that lie cannot
I get it off, it is not my fault.
! Mr. President., I did not express myself then
| as strongly as I ought to have done. I did say
! that I was apprehensive there were those persons
in the country who were not desirous of having
the difficulties in Kansas settled; I feared there
were such persons. Now, I am satisfied there are
those in the country who would regret it. I make
the remark in a general form, as the truth requires
me to make it.
i Sir, there is another class of persons in the coun-
| try, but 1 hope it comprises only a few—I allude
[ to tnat class who regard the Constitution of the
\ United States as a league with the power of dark-
| ness, and seek to overthrow it. I trust this class
i is a very small one. Nothing but the most posi-
tive proof would induce me to suppose that there
could be a man so believing, who lived under the
| institutions of this glorious country; but I am
sorry to say that there are some such men. I do
! not indicate them; I leave them to be indicated by
j public observation.
! There is another class of men in the country.
I There is a class of persons who are agitating in
] opposition to a portion of the Constitution of the
I Tj mted States. They are nothostile to those parts
I of the Constitution favorable to themselves, and
; to the great interests of the portion of the cotm
i try in which they live; but they are hostile to
another part of the Constitution which was de-
signed for the protection of another community,
anil they are agitating for the purpose of creating
a public opinion so strong that that portion of the
Constitution shall be nullified—shall be rendered
null and void, from the impossibility of executing
it. I know some men who take a lead in that
agitation. Sir, if they will resort to open force,
if they will unite with arms in their hands for the
purpose of resisting the execution of that portion
of the Constitution, their fate is before them; the
Constitution indicates their fate. No Government
can exist with its citizens in open rebellion against
any portion of its constitution and its laws.
! These men do not do that! Sir, when Ienterinto
, any agitation against any portion of the Consti-
tution of my country, I shall do it in a manner
\ which will make ine amenable to its laws. I shall
I do it openly. I shall take no indirect mode of
; doing it. I will make the issue, and I will abide
by it°before my country and before the world.
There is another class of men in this country:
I allude to the men who haye embarked in State
legislation for the purpose of indirectly overturn-
