2188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
£oint in the State of Missouri, via Great Salt
,ake, to Carson Valley settlement, on the frontier
of the State of California; and for establishing
military posts and the sinking of wells thereupon.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I desire to know
whether the gentleman intends to call it up for
consideration this session. I shall object to it,
unless it is the gentleman's object to refer it to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and to leave it there.
Mr. SAPP. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the "Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. HAVEN. I want to know of the gentle-
man whether that Hill has been considered by
the Committee on Military Affairs, and whether
they have acted upon it favorably, or unfavor-
ably ?
Mr. SAPP. Favorably.
Mr. HAVEN. I am of opinion that that bill
is one which this House, at some proper time,
ought to pass.
The SPEAKER. The Chairunderstands that
there is no objection to the gentleman's reporting
the bill for the purpose of reference merely.
The bill was received, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE BILLS REPORTED.
Mr. SAPP, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back a bill (S. No. 30.'J) for the
relief of Mrs. Jane MeCrabb, widow of the Lite
Captain John W. MoCrabb, assistant quarter-
master, United Slates Army; which was referred
to the Committee of the Whole, and ordered to
be plinted.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of John Hull", of Texas; winch
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
On motion of Mr. S., the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Samuel C. Norwood,
and the same was laid on the table.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. DENVER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report, from the select committee 1
appointed to take into consideration that subject, !
a bill to provide for the establishment of railroad j
and telegraphic communu ation between the At- ■
lantic. States and the Pacific ocean, and for other
purposes.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I object; but I will
make no objection if the gentleman will have it
refeired to the Committee oi the Whole,and then
make a motion to teconsider the vote referring it,
and lay that motion upon the table.
Mr. DENVER. The gentleman from Alabama
has been assured, time and again, that there was
no intention of bringing up this bill at this ses-
sion. I think that ought to satisfy him.
No objection being made, the bill was reported.
M.-. DENVER. I a*k that the bill may be hct
down for consideration on the thud Monday of
December next.
Mr. COBB. I object to it.
Mr. DENVER. 1 withdraw the request, and
move that the bill be leferred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Messrs. IvIDWELL and WOOD, from the
same committee, each presented a minority report
upon the same subject.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by 1
which the bill was referred, and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table;*
which latter motion was agreed to. j
3IAIIINE HOSPITAL AT OSWEGO. j
Mr. PELTON, from the Committee on Com- <,
merce, reported a bill to provide for the construe- '
tion of a marine hospital at Oswego, New Yotk;
which was read a first and second time, referred ;
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the '
Liuon, and ordered to he printed. i
FOREIGN PAUPERS, ETC. j
Mr, I-ULLER, of Pennsylvania, from the :
Committee on Foreign Affairs, rcporfed back a
bill (H. R. No. 124) to prevent the introduction
into the United States of foreign paupers and
criminals; which was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and.
ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to a subject which, I flatter
myself, will receive the approbation of the House.
I desire to offer a resolution relating to taking up
for consideration bills which have been passed by
the Court of Claims, by the Senate, and by the
Committee of Claims of this House.
The resolution was read, and is as follows:
Resolved, That tins flousc will now resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the Piivute Calendar, and
in such committee will only consider such hilU a? have
passed the Senate, or have passed the Couit of Claims, and
been favorably reported npon by any of the committees of
this Hous.e, and to which there may be no objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
PAY OP MECHANICS AND LABORERS AT THE
NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. MILLWARD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back a bill (II. R. No.
247) to regulate tnc pay of mechanics and labor-
ers at the United States navy-yards and naval
stations; which was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
CAPE FEAR RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
Mr. W1NSLOW. I now call up my,motion—
pending before the recess—to suspend the rules
to enable me to call up for consideration the bill
for the improvement of Cape Fear river. Upon
that motion I call the yeas and nays.
The yean and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WINSLOYV. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Pej.ton and
Branch were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 73, noes 55.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
COMPENSATION TO ADDITIONAL PAGES AND
ASSISTANT DOORKEEPER.
"Mr. WHITNEY. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing the following
resolution:
Jiooh'ciL That the sum of (wo dollars per day, and the
UMjal c.xfia compensation, be paid from the contingent fund
oi the Hoiw to James H. Sunder, F-dinorid JBuilce, and
With.nit ,M Clarke, horn 10th of Apu! to lSth of August,
is,")!}, inclusive, and to Samuel Millei fiom 11th of June to
iNli ot August, IS.'.fi, nieltisne, tor seivices rendeied as
pau'C- of tin 11<mis(> dm itiu the pt < ->ent -e>Mon ot < 'onjju ss, ;
and th.it Willi.un W KojnohN tie paid out of the contin-
gent lundot the Uometliiec dollar pei day, and the Usual
e.uia compensation, toi sauces a.s abstain dooikcepcr,
commencing'hh of Apul, and to continue to ISlh of Au
guM, inclusive.
Mr. SM ITLT, of Virginia. Arc these persons
to be also entitled to the extra compensation
allowed to the oilicers of the House?
Mr. WHITNEY. Yes
Mr. SMITH. Two hundred and fifty dollars,
besides their pay5
Mr. WHITNEY. Yes.
The rules were suspended.
Mr. WHITNEY moved the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WHITNEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, requestmgthe House
to return to that body the message sent to the
House notifying it that the Senate had not passed
Senate bill (No. 53) to improve the navigation of
the Patapseo river, over the President's veto.
UNIFORM MARINE SIGNALS.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report, from the Committee on
Commerce, Senate bill (No. 577) to provide for
the general introduction of a uniform national
code of marine signals. This bill has been passed
by the Senate, and has received the unanimous
approval of the Committee on Commerce. It is
a wholesome and necessary bill, and I hope it
will pass.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Virginia whether he intends to move
the previous question? I do not think that the
bill ought to be acted on and passed now. I have
letters here from merchants of New Y ork, opposed
to it.
Mr. MILLSON. T will state to the gentleman
from New York that I have not the least objection,
if he obtain the floor, to hear any suggestion he
may make in reference to the bill; but I believe
it is a bill which will receive the general approba-
tion of the House 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) Debate is
hardly in order.
Mr. MILLSON. If the gentleman objects, I
move to suspend the rules.
The question was put, and the rules were not
suspended.
COMMERCIAL STATISTICS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If I can
get the attention of the House for a single mo-
ment, I desire to ask to take from the Speaker'?
table Senate bill (No. 264) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act requiring foreign regulations of
commerce to be laid annually before Congress,"
approved August 1G, 1842, and for other pur-
poses.
The purpose of the bill is simply to enable the
Secretaiy of State to acquire some statistics
which cannot be obtained without an act of Con-
gress for that purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to suspend the
rules.
The question was taken, and there were—ayes
90, noes 32.
So the, rules were suspended, two thirds having
voted in favor thereof.
The bill tin
was passed.
MISSISSIPPI ACCOUNTS.
Mr. LAKE. I ask the consent of the House
to report from the Committee on the Judiciary
Senate bill (No. 4) to settle certain accounts be-
tween the United States and the State of Missis-
sippi, and other States. I will state that this
bill has passed the Senate, has been considered
by the Judiciary Committee of this House, which
committee has unanimously instructed me to re-
port it to tho House with the recommendation
that it pass. I hope there will be no objection
to the proposition I make. If there is, I shall
move to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
gentleman fiom Mississippi if this bill docs not
contemplate the payment to the State of Missis-
sippi of five per cent, upon all the Chickasaw
lands of that State, not one acie of which has
been sold by the Government except for the ben-
efit of tho Indians themselves? The lands were
ceded to the United States by treaty stipulations,
to be sold for the benefit of the Indians. If I un-
derstand this bill, it makes appropriation for the
payment of five per cent, upon all these lands,
and upon Indian reservations. I ask the gentle-
man from Mississippi whether it is not so ?
Mr. LAKE. I am prepared to answer the
gentleman from Tennessee, and I am very happy
that he has given mc the opportunity.
Mr. HARLAN. Is debate m order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HARLAN. I object to debate; and I also
object to the bill being reported.
Mr. BARKS0ALE. I trust the gentleman
will withdraw his objection, until my colleague
[Mr. Lake] can have an opportunity of explain-
ing the nature of the bill.
Mr, HARLAN. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in order to
move to suspend the rules, to give the gentleman
from Mississippi an opportunity of answering the
questions propounded by the gentleman from
.Tennessee'
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
The question was taken on Mr. Lake's mo-
tion; and the rules were not suspended.
