1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union, suppress insurrections, and repel inva-
sions;" and again, it provides that " the United
States shall guaranty to every Stale in this
Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion; and,
on application of the Legislature, or of the Ex-
ecutive, (when the Legislature cannot be con-
vened,) against domestic violence." Up to the
period of which I have spoken, was there any
foreign invasion? "Was there any insurrection
against the Government? Was there any resist-
ance to the laws by such a combined force as
would justify the calling oat either of the militia
or the troops of the United States? I certainly
know of none, and the Senators on the other
side have not indicated any such state of facts,
nor do the papers on the table show any such
state of facts. On the contrary, they show that
the moment a case was presented which fell within
the Constitution, and the law which was enacted
to carry out the Constitution, the President
promptly exercised his power. The law of 1795,
which bears upon this subject, declares in its sec-
ond section:
" That whenever the laws of the United States shall be
opposed, or the execution thereof obstructed, in an) State,
by combinations too poweriul to be suppressed by the or-
dinal y eour&e of judicial piocecdings, or by the poweis
vested in the marshals by tins act, it shall be lawful fortiie
President of the United States to call fonh the militia of
such State, or of any other State or States, as may be ne-
cessaiy to suppress such combinations, and to cause the
laws to be duly executed ; and the use of militia so to be
cuilcd fonh may be continued, if neeessaiy, until the expi-
ration of Unity davs after the commencement of the then
next session of Congress.
'• Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when-
ever it mav be nece&saiy, m the judgment of the Pi evident,
to use the military loree heicbv directed to be called foith,
the President shall forthwith, by pioelamation, command
such iie-uigents to dispose and leine peaceably to their
rerpective abodes, within ainmted time."
By a subsequent enactment, this provision was
extended to the Territories, and then the law of
1807 provides that in such eases the President .
may call out the troops of the United States. 1
The act of 1797 is a short one, and I will read it: |
" That m all cases of insurrection, or obstruction to the i
law^, either of the United States, or of any individual State !
or Temtoiy, where it is lawful tor the'Piesidont of the
United States to call lorth the inilma lor the purpose of
suppressing such insurrection, or of causing the laws to be
duly executed, it shall be lawlul for him to employ, foi the
same purposes, such part, of the land or naval force of the
United States as shall bo judged necessary, having first ob-
served all the prerequisites ot the law in that respect."
It will be perceived that in the first place a proc-
lamation is required on facts officially brought to
the notice of the President. Now, I say that the
Senators who have attempted to answer me have
not stated a fact which would make a case within
the laws of Congress, or within the Constitution,
for calling out the troops until the month of De-
cember, when, as the papers on the table develop,
there was a state of facts existing which justified
the measures that were adopted; and those meas-
ures were called for by the heads of the so-called
free-State party in Kansas.
Sir, I hope that what I have said, with one ex-
ception, will not wound the susceptibilities of any
Senator. I certainly mean to say nothing that
should be understood by any Senator m this body
as m the least degree disrespectful or calculated
to wound his sensibilities. It is not my custom,
and I do not think it conduces cither to the deco-
rum of this body or the advance of the public in-
terests, that any such allusion should be made.
Mr. President, I think we have reached a crisis
in our affairs, but I do not despond; I have no
doubt about the result. 1 have no doubt what is
the cause of the people. I have no doubt what;
is the interest of the people. I have no doubt what
is the interest of the country, which is but another
name for the interest of the people. The cause
of the people is a good cause. I know that it will
prevail. There is intelligence enough in this coun-
try to make it prevail. While the people can ap-
peal to the courts of justice and to the ballot-box,
public order will be maintained, the Government ;
will be maintained, theUnion will be maintained, '
and equal and exact justice will be rendered to I
every portion of the country. I feel such confi- 1
dence m enlightened public sentiment that I have I
no misgivings whatever. It is only necessary that |
public attention should be concentrated on the ;
questions which are presented. I doubt not that j
order will be maintained m Kansas.
I had no doubt at the outset that Kansas would
be a free State. That was my opinion; but it
would make no difference in my action whether
I thought it would be a free State or not, because
there is a great constitutional principle which
controls; and if I had known that the result would
be adverse to my views, I could not abandon my
principles; I could not turn aside from the course
pointed out by the Constitution of the United
States. I should regard it as the greatest calamity
that could befall the country if any partial good
were to be produced by departing from the Con-
stitution. No, sir; I know—there is no mistake
about it—I know that it is for the interest of the
country, taking an enlarged view, that we should
walk in the track pointed out by the Constitu-
tion. Any departure from it is not only short-
sighted policy, but must lead to wretched conse-
quences. I say, sir, that my opinion of the result
in Kansas would make no difference withmc. I
do not act on the principle of expediency; I act
on the principle of constitutional duty; 1 intend
to follow the path which that dictates to me, and
leave the consequences to the wisdom of those
who framed the Constitution and founded this
Government. Sir, I have never had any doubt
about the fate of Kansas, except what has been
created by an active external interference. You
cannot interfere on one side without provoking
interference on the other side. If the laws of
nature, the law of production, and those laws
which usually govern in every community had
been left without external effort to their usual
operation, I have no doubt what the result would
have been. I entertain a decided opinion now;
but, whatever that opinion may be, I say the act
of Congress is to be maintained. The right of
the people of Kansas to frame their own domestic
institutions is to be maintained. They will have
that right when they come into the Union, whether
we will or no. You have not the powei to con-
trol it. Let agitators everywhere bear in mind
that in Kansas and elsewhere the laws of the
country will be sustained, no matter how delicate
the subject, no matter if individuals entertain ad-
verse opinions. This is of no importance. The
laws will be sustained. No Government can ex-
ist and acquiesce in resistance to its laws. No
Government can exist without putting down in-
surrection. No Government can exist that con-
nives at rebellion. Sir, I know that the people
of this country will adhere to the Government
which has been handed down to them from the
past, and which, in my judgment, is the noblest
work that ever came from the hands of man.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I do not intend
to occupy the attention of the Senate long; but,
as the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. But-
ler,] while he was speaking, addressed a number
of questions to myself, I wish now to make an
apology for not answering him then. I did not
wish to interrupt him, because, for myself—I do
not prescribe tuiy rule of conduct for others—I do
not consider it necessary to be jumping up while
one Senator is niakmg an address to the Senate,
as the honorable Senator then was. He put his
questions to me very distinctly, and I suppose
they will be printed. I rise now for the purpose
of saying that I pledge myself to that Seuator
that I will answer every one of his questions. I
may not answer them to his satisfaction; but I
feel sufficient confidence in my own feeble powers
to suppose that I can answer his questions before
the tribunal of the people of this country, and I
am content to abide the verdict which they may
give. I will answer his questions, his philosophy,
his history, and humanity altogether.
Now, I am under the necessity of saying a
word to the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Toucey;] and I regret the necessity exceedingly,
because that Senator yesterday, on a question
which was then before the Senate, expressed
such sound views, and gave such good reasons
for them, that I was m hopes it would not be my
lot to be found in antagonism with him so soon.
Sir, I do not make professions here which I do
not think are justified by the facts. The hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina says he
uses no opprobrious epithets. I never use them,
neither here nor anywhere else. 1 know it has
been said or hinted several times that gentlemen
do not use these epithets from some sort of feeling
of cowardice. It is said they may be willing to
stir up strife, but not to take the responsibility
of it. Sir, God only knows what we may be in
emergencies and contingencies; I only say that!
will not boast beforehand. I will not put my-
self in the situation of the man alluded to by the
Senator from South Carolina some days ago, who
seized not the sword before he blew the horn. I
will not blow the horn until the time comes.
Let me say to the honorable Senator from
Connecticut, that I think in the zeal of his ex-
citement he forgot his professions. I understood
that Senator to profess .that he was not going to
use any epithets which could offend anybodjr, or
disturb any one's sensibilities. What does he
think of such an interrogatory as this—describing
his own position, and then asking " who so mean
and despicable" as to be found m antagonism to
it?
Mr. TOUCEY. No, sir.
Mr. HALE. Those are the very words: " who
so mean and despicable."
Mr. TOUCEY. Will the Senator give way?
Mr. HALE. I cannot give way at this mo-
ment. I waited and heard the Senator through.
Mr. TOUCEY. You do not state correctly
what I said.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, that is courteous, is it
not? I do state the Senator correctly; 1 use his
very language. The Senator states his theory,
draws his picture, defines his position, and as-
signs to those who differ from nim a disposition
to deny the equality of the States; and then asks,
who so mean and despicable"—that is his very-
language—as to deny it? He laid down his
platform, and then spoke of the platform of his
opponents. He spoke of those opponents as
denying the equality of the States, and he asked,
" who so mean and despicable?" I suppose that
is a specimen of that " Roman eloquence" which
is to be inaugurated here again. I say nothing
of that sort.
Again, sir, the Senator from Connecticut drew
three or four characters which he said existed in
this country. I suppose he will say they were
fancy sketches.
Mr. TOUCEY. No.
Mr. HALE. He does not say so. I am glad
of it. The gentleman has candor, whatever I
may think of his manners. They are not fancy
sketches. They were meant, then, to apply to real
cluuacters. Well, sir, he did not describe all the
characters in this country. He did not describe
all the characters which wc have in our New Eng-
land States. I will describe another character.
We have amongst us there a set of politicians,
who make loud professions of Democracy, and
have great reverence for the Constitution. They
sec that there is one controlling interest in this
country, as no man can fail to see—an interest
which knows no Whigs and no Democrats, and
which has generally dispensed political power and
patronage in this country. Before that patronage*
dispensing power, the class which I am describing
lie flat. They seem, when they come into its
presence, to think that the sentence which was-
pronounced on the Tempter is ringing in their
ears: "Upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust
shalt thou eat all the days of thy life." That is a
class which we have; and if they find anybody else
with a less sordid soul, or a less craven nature,
or a less degraded spirit, who wants to stand up
in the spirit of an equal and common manhood,
they do sometimes look up from the dust where
they he, and ask if you want to overthrow the
Constitution and the Union? They think the least
vindication of the manhood of our own country,
and our own section, and our own selves, and our
own natures, is rebellion against the Government,
and an overt act of treason to overthrow the Con-
stitution !
Now, sir, that is a fancy sketch entirely. None
of those animals ever creep here, of course. We
keep them at home; or at least if they ever do get
here, it is by mistake. I have given you a fancy
ske tch altogether; but I tell you these creatures are
described m our political, if not in our animated,
geography. I would not have ventured on the
description of these animals, or of this race, if I
did not think it was provoked. I do not know
how to characterize the manner in which it was
provoked; but, sir, no man shall stand up here
and undertake to desenbe a class of politicians
—a class of agitators—and hide himself behind
the irresponsibility of a shadow. The Senator
from Connecticut meant somebody, and he has
