1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2189
PATAPSCO RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
Ey unanimous consent, the message from the
Senate, requesting the return of the message from
that body informing the House of the rejection
of the bill of the Senate (No. 53) for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Patapsco river, and
to render the port of Baltimore accessible to the
war steamers of the United States, was taken up,
and the return of said message ordered.
PRIVATEERS' BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union be
discharged from* the further consideration of a
bill (H. R. No. 276) granting bounty land to the
officers and crews of private armed vessels com-
missioned by the United States.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. DAVIS. I move, then, to suspend the
rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Davis's mo-
tion; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
120, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Albnght, Eaihour, Henry Ben-
nett, Renson, Hilhnghurst, liic-hop, Roeock, Bowie, 15o\oe,
Biad-haw, Branch, Brenton. Bioom, Buflinton, (J.ehval-
adei. Jame^ II. Campbell, Carutlieis, Chaffee. Ezra Claik,
Clawsori, Colfax, Comm.-,, Connie, Cov, Ora«rm, Cuinbaek,
Dainreli, Henry Winter JJavis, TimnUi> Davis, Dean. L)iok,
Durfee, Edie, Edwards, Enine, Etheridjre, Eustu., Fla lcr,
Fustei, Iicnry M. Fuller, Gilbert, Granger, Grow. Kobeit
B. Hall, J. Morrison Harn«,, Thomas L. Hani-, Ilam^on.
Haven, Ileibeit, Hoffman, Thomas R. IIoi ton, Howard,
Hugh-ton, J. Glancy Jones, fveliy, Keisey, King, Knapp,
Knowlton, Knox, Kurikel, Lake, jMace, Aiexandei K.
Maishall, Ilumphicy Marshall, Killian Millei, Milhvard,
Moore, Morgan, Moiril!, Xoiron, Oir, Parker, Peaice, IVfk,
I'elton, Pcuy, I'etut, Pheip^, PiJco, Toner, Pnngle, Elieaud,
Koberts--, Ruffin, £age, Sapp, Scott, t>ewuid, .^heun.in,
Simmon^, Spinner, Stephens, Stewart, Stranahan. Tnppan,
Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Tialton. Tuppe, Tyson, Vail,
Yalk, Wade, Walbndpe, Waldion, Cadwaiader C. Wash-
burne, EUihu B. Wa-Jiburne, Kku'1 Wa-hhum, Welch,
Wheeler, Whitney, Wmslow, Wood, Woodruff, Wood-
worth. Daniel B. Wright, and Zollieotfer—HO.
NAYS—Messrs. Albion, Burksdale, Ilendlej t5. Bennelt,
Bli^s, Burnett, Ca&kie, Clmgnian. Williamson It. W Cnbh^
Cratgfi, Davidson, Denver, Dodd. Dowdell, Edmund-on,
Fauiknei, Thorna* J. D. Fullei, (Jiddma:-*, Goode, Uff'cn-
wond, Harlan, Sampson W Tiarrjs, Hickman, Hollowly,
Valentine I). Ilorton, Houston, George W. Jones. Kidwell,
Leitei, Letchei, Lumpkin, b'amucl S. Marshall, Mattes-on,
Maxwell, MeCarty, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Millet,
Million, Mur j ay, Nichols, Andr<'w Oliver, Unit man. Rite hi*1,
Bust, Samhdge, Shortei, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Sneed, ytantun, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Undenvood,
Wakeman, Watkms, Wells, Williams, and John V.
Wright—59.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union was discharged
from the further consideration of the bill.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. DAVIS? called for the previous question
on tiie passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 64; as follows;
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Burbour, Barclay,
BarksdnlP, Benson, Bishnp, Bocook, Bowie, Boyee, Brad-
shaw, Brenton, Broom, Buflinton, Cadwaiader, James H.
Campbell, (Jaruther*, Chaffee, Ezra Claik, Clawson, Colfax,
Comma, Covode, Crsigm, Damrell. Timothy Davi>, Dick,
Durfee, Edie, Edwards, Emne, Eustn. Evans, Flakier,
Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Gilbert, Gtangei, J■ 1
Mom-on Harris, Thomas L. Ilarn-', Haven, Hmlman, \
Thomas R. Ilorton, Howard, Iliiah^-ton, Kelly, KeUey, j
King, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Mace,
Alexander K. Marshall. MeCartv^ KilhanMilIer. Mdlwaid, j
Moore, Morgan, Moni'll, Notton, Parker, Police, Pelioti, ,
Pennington, Perrv. Petn't, Phelps, Potter. Prinze. Rienud, j
Kitehiej Riveic, RoheiN, Sage, Snpp, Scott, Seward, Shei- j
man, Simmon*. Spmner, Steph*-ns, Stranahan, Tnppan. !
Thru Thui-ton, Todd, Tiat'ion, Trippe, Tyon, \ail,
Valk, Wade, Wallnntee, Waikei, Cadwaiader C. VVa^h-
biune, iMael Wa>hbiun. Watson, Wheeler, Whitney,
Window, Wuod, Woodiuff, Woodwoith, Daniel B.Wright,
and Zollieoffer—109.
NAYS — Hindis. Alli&on, Henry Bennett. Hcndley S.
Bennett, Biilmglmnst, Bh*«, Bianeh, Burnett, Ca-kie.
Chncuian, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Crame, Cumback,
Dean, Denver, Dodd, Dowdell, Etheridsf*, Faulkner,
Thomas J. 1). Fuller, Galloway, (Jiddmjj?, Goode. Gteen-
wood, llailan, Samp&on W. Hairn?, Herbert, Hickman,
Hollovvay. Valentine B. Horton, Houston, Georg(5 W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kidwell, Leiter, Letcher, Lmdley,
Lumpkin, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Millson, Mott, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Quitman,
Ruffin, Rust, S«\ndidge, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Stanton, Stewart. Swope, Talbotf, Taylor, Underwood,
Wakeman, Waldron, Wells, Williams, and John V.
\VliSbt—64.
So the bill was passed.
Pending: the above call,
Mr. CAMPBELL,. of Pennsylvania, stated
that his colleague, [Mr. Purviaxce,] who was
quite unwell, had paired off with Mr. Warner.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, stated that his col-
league [Mr. English] had paired off with Mr.
Robbins.
Mr. DAVIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and afeo moved that
the motion to reconsidcr be laid on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickinsj their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had agreed to committees
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the Army appropriation bill and the
civil appropriation bill, and had appointed Messrs.
Brodhead, Clayton, and Douglas, managers
on its part of the conference on the former, and
Messrs. Hunter, Wei.ler, and Jones of Ten-
nessee, on the latter bill.
WASHINGTON ARSENAL.
Mr. QUITMAN. I ask leave to report from
the Committee on Military Affairs a bill author-
izing the purchase of land, adjoining the Wash- j
ingfon arsenal grounds, and providing for the I
drainage of the swamp land adjacent thereto. It '■
is the opinion of the committee, and of the War !
Department, that it is necessary to pass this bill |
in order to preserve the public property. j
Objection was made. '
Mr. QUITMAN moved to suspend the rules, j
The question was taken; and the House re- ;
fused to suspend the rules, only sixty-six voting 1
in the affirmative.   !
MESSAGE FROM fHE SENATE. !
A message was leeeived from the Senate, by [
Asbury Dickixs, their Secretary, notifying the •
House that the Senate had passed an act (11. R. !
No. 549) to regulate the consular and diplomatic 1
systems of the United States. i
STRA.DER AND JOHNSON. ,
Mr. MACE. I ask the unanimous consent of ■
the House to report, from the Committee on the 1
Post Office and Post Roads, for the purpose of,'
putting it upon its passage, a joint resolution j
which has met the approbation unanimously of ■
the Senate committee, of the Senate itself, and
of this House twenty times during the last twenty ;
years. I apprehend there will be no objection, j
It is a resolution (S. No. 34) for the settlement,
of the accounts of Charles M. Stradcr and Ed- ;
ward P. Johnson, mail contractors. 1
Objection was made.
Mr. MACE. I move that the rules be sus- ;;
pended. ji
Tiie rules were suspended; and the joint reso- ,!
lution was reported, to the House for considera-
lion. ,!
Mr. MACE moved the previous question. ji
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation i
then'of, the joint resolution was ordered to a
third reading; and having been read the third time
it was passed. !
Mr. MACE moved to reconsider the vote by 1
which the resolution was passed, and also moved
that the motion to reconsidcr be laid upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
JACOB HALE. ;
Mr. WALKER. T mov*1 that the Committee \
of the Whole be discharged from the further con-
sideration of House bill No. 522, and that the :
same be put upon its passage. !
Mr. HOUSTON. What is it? !
Mr. PHELPS. It is a bill for the relief of one 1
of the mail contractors, for eairying the mail. It
is all right, and you have just passed one bill for 'i
a similar purpose. !]
It is a bill (H R. No. 333) for the relief of1!
Jacob Hall, contractor upon mail rontp No. 8912
from Independence, in the State of Missouri, to |j
Santa Fe, m the Territory of New Mexico. H
Objection being made,
Mr. WALKER moved a suspension of the
rules, and called for tellers upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McCarty
and Sandidge were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes SO, noes 53.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled a hill and a joint
resolution of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act for the relief of Talbot C. Dousman;
and a joint resolution extending the time for cred-
itors of Texas to present their claims.
MARY REESIDE.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of discharging the Commit-
tee of the Whole House from the further consid-
eration of the bill (C. C. No. 13) for the relief of
Mary Rcesidc.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Mary Recside, executrix of the will of
James Reeside, $188,49G OG, with interest from
December G, 1841, in full for the amount due on a
verdict and judgment thereon, rendered by the
circuit court of the United States for the eastern
district of Pennsylvania, m a suit in which the
United States were plaintiffs, and James Reeside
was defendant.
Mr. MILLSON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly rend the third time.
Mr. KNOWLTON moved the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. MILLSON called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the bill was
passed.
Mr. KNOWLTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, andalso moved
; to Jay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
! MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Private
Secretary, notifying the House that he had ap-
proved and signed bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 360) to reimburse the State
of Vermont the expenses incurred by her in pay-
ing her militia, called out m 1838-'39 to preserve
the neutrality of the country; and
An act (H. R. No. 189) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1857.
DR. JAMES MORROW.
Mr. McQUEEN. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of discharging the Com-
mittee of the Whole House from the further
consideration of House bill (No. 388) for the
relief of Dr. James Morrow. It is a small mat-
ter, and a bill which I presume very few gentle-
men will oppose.
The rules were suspended.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. Mc&UEENmoved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to "
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
KANSAS INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
Mr. WATSON. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of offering the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House pay out of the
contingent fund to each of the members of the Kansas in-
vestigating committee, mileage for the distance neeessanly
tiaveled by them m the discharge of then duties ab such,
to be computed at the usual rate of mileage to members of
Congress.
Mr. WHEELER called for the yeas and nays.
