590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
the candor to say so. I am glad that he did so.
I mean somebody.
Sir, it has become very fashionable here to
denounce agitators. Let me tell you that this
country was spoken into being by agitation.
Its infant slumbers were roclccd on the stormy
waves of the agitation of a seven years' revolu-
tion? It was the milk upon which it fed; it is
the meat which must support the maturity of
its manhood. When in this country agitation
ceases, stagnation will come next, and death
and* putrefaction will follow. Sir, I think it
was the declaration of the immortal Jefferson,
that error itself might be left free if you only
left truth to combat it. Have we in this country
any institutions which will not bear light? Are
there any sentiments which it is necessary should
be in the shade only that they may have the
breath of life? No, sir, I do not believe it. I
do not believe that even the institution of sla-
very, about which so much has been said, is
one of those which constantly seeks the shade.
I know it has champions here and elsewhere
wherever discussion is provoked; and I know it
would be a slander, and I know it would be re-
pelled as.a slander, by very many of those gen-
tlemen, if 1 said they avoided discussion upon
the subject. That was not the opinion of the
honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
when he went all the way from Georgia to Bos-
ton to deliver before an audience in that great
city his sentiments on the subject of slavery- I
find that those gentlemen who are so denuncia-
tory of agitation are not generally those who live
upon the theater where this institution exists.
No, sir; they are some of those creatures whom
I have described—I mean at home, in the free
States.
I regret exceedingly that I have been provoked
to say this; but I cannot sit quietly and allow a
man to get up herewith professions of fairness
on his lips, with a caveat against everything which
could wound susceptibilities, with a professed
desire to say nothing that could offend anybody,
and at the same time denounce, as I understand
the honorable Senator from Connecticut to have
denounced, as mean and despicable the men who
dared to think differently from him.
The Senator from Connecticut announced over
and over again, that he had confidence in the people
of this country. Sir, I have as much confidence
in them as he has; and I thank God that, in the
progress of events, in less than seven days from
the day when I now stand here to address the
Senate, there will be an opportunity of settling
the question whether my confidence in the people
of the State which I represent here is well formed
or not; and in about seven weeks or loss the hon-
orable Senator from Connecticut will have the
same test applied to him. I shall not boast, or
brag, or predict. I am no prophet; I shall take
what Crod sends and be thankful. I shall not
spoil the forcc of that *ift by any professions or
expectations of what the result will be in cither
place. I leave the future to itself and to history.
I have now a word to say m regard to what
the honorable Senator from Connecticut says he
challenged me to do. Let us see whether \ did
it or not. He admits that he was the challenger.
He came into the arena armed cap a pie, and
threw down the glove. He now admits that he
made the challenge. What did he say ? He un-
dertook to justify the President. What was my
answer? I said, that every single fact upon which
the Senator from Connecticut relied to fortify
himself and justify his President, occurred before
the annual message, in which the President told
us that nothing had occurred to justify the inter-
position of the Federal Executive. On the 31st
of December last the President made this decla-
ration. The Senator says to-day m his place
that the documents came here in December. The
message is dated the 31st of December, and that
was the day when it was delivered, and it must
be taken to be the declaration of the President
on that day; and yet to-day the Senator from
Connecticut admits that the documents upon
which the President has founded his interference
arrived at the State Department in December.
Well, then, sir, have i notmct the challenge? It
is easy for a man to say that he has not been
met. Some men do not know when they are
met. Some men are so much in love with their
own opinions, that they do not know when thoy
are controverted and overthrown. When the
Senator comes here and throws down this chal-
lenge, and undertakes to justify the President for
having interfered, and I show that every fact
which he brings up to justify the interference
occurred long before, and when I have the judg-
ment of the President upon those facts that'there
was nothing in them to justify his interference,
have I not met him? I do not know how a man
can find the complacency under such circum-
stances to say that he has not been met. More
than that—the Senator said not only that he was
not met, but that there was not the first attempt
made to meet him. He says there was a specch
made for some other place—not for this. Is not
that modest? For what place was the Senator's
speech made—here or for another place? I sup-
pose that declarations made here arc made m
good faith. They are made in the hope—a des-
perate one, very frequently—that by some possi-
bility truth, by being repeated and enforced, may
find its way through the covering with which
prejudice enwraps our nature and our feelings.
That has been my hope, but I confess that 1
have not always succeeded.
But, sir, I rose more for the purpose of saying
to the Senator from Connecticut that I regret
exceedingly the tone, the temper, and the spirit
m which he has seen fit to conduct this debate,
more especially as it was accompanied with pro-
fessions of candor and a disposition not to wound
the sensibilities of anybody. I know—and I can
appeal to the experience of every gentleman here
who has been with me on this floor—that, accord-
ing to the measure of the feeble poweis which
God has given me, I have endeavored to make
this Chamber, so far as I have partaken in its
deliberations, the arena of reason and of argu-
ment, and not of personalities. I have arraigned
no man 's motives; I have accused no man, whose
duty or whose prejudice leads him to take a posi-
tion antagonistic to nunc, and said it was mean or
despicable. I will respect the right of evervroan
to his opinion here and elsewhere. I will say
here exactly what I would say anywhere and
everywhere. 1 say there is not the humblest
intellect which God ever made and clothed in
human form, that walks this earth, towards whom
I would not, in the management of every discus-
sion, use all that courtesy, all that candor, all that
respect, and all that forbearance which I would
use to the proudest man on this floor. Such
being the rule by which I endeavor to govern
myself, and such being the disposition in which
I wish to meet gentlemen, and speak of their
theories and arguments, I confess it was wound-
ing to my feelings and irritating to my nature to
have those who entertain the opinions which the
Senator was pleased to denounce, placed by his
interrogatory in the position of being men of
mean and dcspicablc natures. I will return to him
a little of the admonition which he gave. I tell
the honorable Senator that such insinuations are
not calculated to elicit the truth oi to guide us in
the way of wisdom. Such appeals, m my judg-
ment, are not consistent with that high regard
which the honorable Senator professes for the
popular intelligence and the popular judgment.
Far, very far from it, is the tenor of the speech
which the Senator saw fit to make on this occa-
sion.
Sir, the number of those who entertain the opin-
ions which 1 and some of my friends here enter-
i tain is few; it is said on ail hands that we are
feeble in argument. Then I ask if it is consist-
ent with the magnanimity which belongs to
gigantic minds to taunt us in this way ? Is it not
enough to put down our arguments, without in-
sulting our individual character and person5
Now, sir, I have a few words to say to the hon-
j orable Senator from South Carolina. He speaks
of me as the organ, or the leader of those gentle-
men who agree with me in opinion. I am not.
The Senator speaks of his age and experience.
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir,not my age. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HALE. Then the Senator speaks of his
experience. Let me tell him that all the experi-
ence which he has had has not had such an effect
on his nature as to chill it, or to quiet the throb-
bings of his pulse; but when he gets into a debate
he is about as excited as the youngest man whom
I know in either branch of Congress. Let me
tell him that I am not the leader nor the organ;
and if ever the attempt should be seriously made
by any of my misguided and over-zealous friends
to put me in that position, I shall tell them to be-
ware, and I shall ask them if they do not think,
in all candor, that the experiment which we are
now having from New Hampshire is enough
for the country? [Laughter.] I shall ask them if
they think it is prudent to try another man from
that State, until some of the rest of the States
have come in and had their turn ? That reason,
if nothingelse, would be sufficient. To say nothing
of the instinctive modesty which would repel me
from such a position, candor, magnanimity, and
consideration for the other States, would induce
me to hold back until the attempt was made, and
we should see how it would succeed of finding
in some other State—possibly in ^Connecticut
[laughter]—some body who would answer the
purpose of this great experiment quite as well as
to try New Hampshire a second time. Why,
sir, it would be a verdict of the country against
the poverty of intellect of other States.
There is another thing which I think should
be against it. I think that, in order to give a fair
chance to northern ambitious men, or patriotic
men—perhaps that is a better term, though am-
bition is not inconsistent with patriotism—if my
friends will allow me to say so, the nomination
at this time ought to go South, and a great way
South; and that would give northern gentlemen
a better chance next time; but if you come to
repeat the dose of taking another northern man,
and from New Hampshire, it will really look like
a monopoly, and a monopoly which ought not
to be tolerated.
Sir, I will close by assuring the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut, that in what I have said
to him i have not meant to be offensive. I say
to him, as I said to the honorable Senator from
South Carolina, I am on the defensive. I am not
aggressive. Here let me remark, that I did not
use the term. 44 southern aggression," which he
attributed to me. I repelled the idea of northern
aggression; but I did not say anything about
southern aggression. I have been on the defens-
ive entirely. I have no disposition to say any-
thing unkind to anybody. 1 do not think I have
done so. I do not feel willing to wound any-
body's feeling or susceptibilities; and if I should
do it unwittingly, if I know myself, there is no
man who would make reparation quicker. I leave
it to the judgment of the Senate, and I leave it to
the judgment of the country, who will read what
we have said, who will witness our proceedings,
if the speech of the Senator from Connecticut
was not one—I will not say which was not fit to
be made—but I will leave it to the judgment of
the country if it was one that was fit to be made
without eliciting an answer. When 1 have
answered that, i assure the Senator that I have
not in my heart, if I know myself, any unkind
feelings towards him. I do not wish to be offens-
ive; but when an attack is made while I stand
here, I must, according to my feeble powers,
resist it.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, the Senator
from New Hampshire has founded his speech
upon what 1 did not say. I did not say or inti-
mate that any man who was on a different plat-
form from myself was mean or despicable. In
saying that I did so declare, he has entirely mis-
represented me. I said, is any man so mean and
despicable as to ask for himself greater rights and
privileges than he was willing to accord toothers?
Mr. BUTLER and Mr. WELLER. That is
what you said.
Mr. TOUCEY. That is what I said. Tho
Senator heard me soy that. I rose for the pur-
pose of correcting him, but ho was not willing
to be corrected. Why was he not willing to be
corrected ? Did he wish to impute to me what I
did not say? Did he wish to send abroad into
the country, and into my own State, what I did
not say, and what every gentleman here knows
I did not say? Is it possible that he could have
a design of that kind? Does .lie understand me
as assailing him because I say it is mean and
despicable for any man to ask any rights and
privileges for himself which he is not willing to
accord to others ? Does he mean to apply that to
himself? Sir, I repeat what I then said, that if
there is anything which excites my detestation,
it is that any man should arrogate to himself
rights and privileges, as a part of a political soci-
