580
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 15,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
tenant Brownell had credit on the Register for sea
service up tfj and including 1849. It was then
altered. From the Senator's former statement it
did not appear that he had ever trod the deck of
a ship in his life. I said that was unjust; I say
so still.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Georgia '
misapprehends the point entirely. A man may
spend years of his life at sea, and yet not be en- ,
titled to credit on the Register for sea service.
Sea service as used in the Navy is a technical
term; and the rule of the Department is, and has
ever been, that no man can have it on the Register
unless he has seen it in a vessel of war, and as a
commissioned or warranted officer. Thus our
officers who are commanding ocean mail steamers
get no credit for sea service.
Mr. Brownell was not a commissioned nor a
warranted officer. He was a "petty officer,"
"who is made and unmade by the commander of ;
the ship for the time being:, and holds his place j
by his consent alone. Hence it cannot be said |
that Mr. Brownell " resigned his commission "at '
the end of the war, because he had neither a war-
rant nor a commission to resign; and in view of
this state of things it was that I asked the Sena-
tor from Texas if he knew the fact that Mr.
Brownell had never seen an hour's sea service
since his commission or appointment in the Navy.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is where the Senator
is mistaken. He did not limit the remark to the
present commission. I remarked closely what
the Senator said, and I know it must have left
the impression on every one who heard him, that
this officer had never been to sea at all. He did
not state the fact which he now does, that he was
in the service during the last war, and received^
as I stated before, the thanks of Congress for his
part in the battle on Lake Erie.
Mr. MALLORY. I leave the point. It will
be seen evidently that the Senator from Georgia
and myself misunderstand each other, or rather
he does not seem to regard the term " sea ser- j
vice" as I do. During the war of 1812, Mr. '
Brownell served well and faithfully. There is
abundant evidence to show that he contributed,
so far as he could in the humble capacity of act-
ing master's mate, to the victories in which he
participated on the lakes. I have no doubt that
everything which is said in his favor, as a brave
man, is entirely correct; and I think that any
man who goes out voluntarily to meet the enemies
of his country deserves her gratitude and her
fostering hand. It is not my purpose, in the
slightest degree, to detract from the merit of Mr.
Brownell, but to put the truth of history, the
board, and myself right on this particular case,
which has been so much dwelt apon.
The records of the Department show that he
has not seen sea service since he has occupied a
£lace in the Navy. 1 admit that he served on
iake Erie during the war with Great Britain as
a master's mate.
Mr. TOOMBS. The complaint which I made
was,that the Senator did not state that fact on the
former occasion.
Mr. MALLORY. Why, sir, the board had
to act on Mr. Brownell as an officer in the Navy.
He was not warranted until 1840, nor commis-
sioned as an officer in the Navy until 1844. The
board did not go back to ascertain what sea ser-
vice he might have performed in a private capacity
thirty or forty years ago. It was their duty to i
investigate a man's sea service nowhere but on ]
board a man of war. He has seen seven years !
and seven months and three days shore duty, j
and has been unemployed for seven years, three ,
months, and ten days; making a total of fourteen
years,tenmonths,and thirteen days in the Navy
since he was appointed master. I am thus ac- |
curate, because I am anxious to avoid any possi- 1
ble misstatementof the services of any meritorious
officer, I do not question, but on the contrary
fully admit, the services of Mr. Brownell on Lake
Erie.
By the joint resolution of January 6,1814, the
thanks of Congress were presented to Perry, and
through him to every man under him, for his
victory. Different rewards were distributed to
different classes of officers, and to midshipmen
and sailing masters swords were given, and Mr.
Brownell received one.
Upon the close of the war Mr. Brownell left
the service of the United States. It was also
said by the Senator, that Mr. Brownell, who
sought to be placed in the Navy in 1840, was
offered a post captaincy in the Navy. I will ask
him whether I understood him on that point cor-
rectly; and whether he did not say that, when
Mr. Brownell wascommissionedalieutenantin the
Navy, he might have obtained the appointment
of post captain ?
Mr. TOOMBS. That remark was in print at
the time,and I referred the Senatorto the evidence
of it. It was not in my last speech, but in former
remarks.
Mr. MALLORY. The statement is, I think,
erroneous. Mr. Brownell obtained a place as
acting master in 1840, and was warranted in 1841.
He then sought, by a political influence, stupend-
ous in its character, a commission as lieutenant.
I have his application before me, signed by many
members from New York, and other States,
earnestly petitioning that he might receive a com-
mission, even the "lowest on the list." The
then Secretary of the Navy refused to sanction,
and the President to giant it. Then came Mr. Silas
Wright, who, in a very long letter, three or four
pages of foolscap', earnestly asked the President
to review the whole ground, and place Mr.
Brownell on the lowest list of lieutenants, where
he would not interfere with anybody. The Pres-
ident then took up the case, and asked the Secre-
tary of the Navy in an official letter to do it, if
he- could in any way, and it was done. This
was the origin of his commission.
1 have also the papers before me upon which
Mr. Brownell procured his pension; ne having
stepped upon the hook of a battle lantern, which
wounded his foot, and caused him to fall to the
deck, by which a still more serious injury was
incurred, all of which he fully establishes; and
from his own oath, supported by the certificates
of several physicians, he was incapable of per-
forming duty at sea when he was thus commis-
sioned in the Navy as a lieutenant. My friend
from Rhode Island [Mr. Allen] was mistaken
when he told us that Mr. Brownell had always
held himself ready to do sea duty; for I hold in
my hand his replies to the orders of the Depart-
ment on the only two occasions on which he was
ordered to sea, in both of which he declines the
duty from inability to perform it.
Mr. TOOMBS. As the Senator seems about
to pass from Mr. Brownell's case, I wish to state
in reference to the point on which we are at issue
—in reference to the captaincy—that I have among
my papers a letter from the Hon. John A. Dix,
written since this controversy grew up. He
heard the fact from Mr. Silas Wright, who spoke
confidently of the matter. I have not the letter
of Mr. Dix with me now, but if the Senator wishes
to see it, I can file it with his speech.
Mr. MALLORY. I heard that such a letter
was in existence, and therefore I was struck with
astonishment on finding the documents which are
on file in the Department in regard to his ap-
pointment. I have before me a petition for his ap-
pointment, signed by many names of members of
Congress—Cranston,Tillinghast, Floyd, Briggs,
Ferris, McKeon, Roosevelt, and a great many
others. There are also letters from General Tow-
son, Messrs. Pendleton, Kennedy, and others,
and a long and eloquent letter from Silas Wright
to President Tyler, in which he says:
" I most not tax you with a long letter, as I am sure you
will feel disposed to do in tbis cose all that your sense of
duty wHl permit you to do; but 1 must say that the feelings
which would censure you for restoring to this man a com-
mission in that service he has so essentially contributed to
honor, and that the lowest commission in it, cannot appear
to me like a feeling which promises to eclipse the honors
by those whose commander was able to say,' we have met
the enemy, and they are ours.'"
And in the petition preferred in his behalf by
twenty-two members of Congress and others,
they say:
" We trust that we shall not be understood as infringing
on any rule of the Navy. If it is objected by restoring Mr.
Brownell an injustice would be done to passed midshipmen,
the answer is to be found in the fact, that by his present
commission as sailing-master, he now outranks them. Mr.
Brownell doap not wish to outrank any of the lieutenants j
on the list." * * * " There ought not to be
a doubt but the small favor which he seeks can be with
the greatest propriety extended to him."
But these appeals failed to move Secretary
Upshur; and on the 4th of February, 1842, Presi-
dent Tyler addressed him upon the subject, and
the following is an extract from his letter:
" If an exception were made to the rule most properly
insisted on by you—in favor of Mr. Brownell—it would bo
a case standing alone, and only to be brought into prece-
dence in a case alike in all its circumstances. We wUJ,
however, talk over the matter when we meet."
Now, sir, here we have the case. The peti-
tion, numerously signed, and the letter ofSilaa
Wright—asked for a lieutenant's commission,
" and that the lowest on the list;" the Secretary's
action, and that of the President's had reference
only to this. Nor is there a word upon the de-
partmental records to show that a post captaincy
was ever dreamed of for him.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am aware of that, but there
is nothing in it inconsistent with my stateme^.
The whole facts appear in Mr. Brownell's memo-
rial. He refused a captaincy. He wanted this
commission, as these gentlemen state. The Sec-
retary of the Navy, at the time being opposed to
it, the President tendered it to him. I take it
that the question is as to Mr. Dix's veracity on
this point. He is well known to the Senate; his
letter is in my possession. He bases it on Mr.
Silas Wright s statement to him.
Mr. MALLORY. The following letter of the
Navy Department speaks for itself:
Navy Department, January 30,1855.
Sin: In reply to your letter of the 29th inst., I have to
inform you that since the order of the Department to Lieu-
tenant Thomas Brownell to the sloop Vincennes, in Octo-
ber, 1849, and which was revoked in consequence ofa meii-
ical certificate, the Department has regarded him since that
period as disabled for sea service.
I am respectfully, your obedient servant,
j. C. DOBBIN.
A. O.Dayton, Esq., Fourth Auditor, Treasury Department.
Now, sir, when the board came to consider
these facts, did they err in advising his removal
from the active list ?
But, says the Senator from Texas, they might
have recommended him for the reserved list. True,
sir; and the Executive may still place him there,
should this measure pass. But the board knew
that his pay and pension, &c., since his appoint-
ment in 1840, amounted to $16,393 87, and that
his pension will still continue; and this fact may
have modified or guided their action. Of this,
however, I know nothing. I think that his ser-
vices in the last war were honorable to himself and
deserve well of his country; and I trust he will
be taken care of in his declining years; and with
these remarks, relating to a very few of the facta
in the case of Mr. Brownell, I dismiss it.
If we now turn to one of Perry's seamen, and
who perhaps fought throughout the war, we shall
find now the country has provided for him. We
have a Naval Asylum for our brave tars, and at
this moment there are one hundred and thirty-
seven enjoying its benefits; among whom are
twenty-eight who served in the war of 1812, in-
cluding seven who also served in the Mexican war.
To be admitted, a seaman or marine must show a
service of twenty years in the Navy or Marine
Corps, (the best of his life,) and prove his ina-
bility to earn a living by labor. Where wounds
have been received in battle, the Secretary will,
under the law, waive a part of the twenty years'
service. The beneficiary is allowed clothing not
to exceed a total expenditure of three dollars per
month; and also one dollar cash, and one and a
half pound of tobacco per month when good
behavior warrants these luxuries; and they re-
ceive good food and medical attendance. The
total expenditure of the country for the mainte-
nance of each of these gallant seamen, whose long
and faithful service, or whose blood, attests devo-
tion to the country's service, is $143 93.
With these data in view, the country will not
fail to see the complaints of some of the disrated
officers in their true light.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to look for a mo-
ment at the result of this reform. As a general
proposition, it is true that the value of a man's
services may be estimated by the demand for
them; and this criterion, if applied to officers'
services in our Navy, will afford some means of
judging of the value of the reform.
[At this point the honorable Senator yielded
the floor at the suggestion of gentlemen, and the
further consideration of the subject was post-
poned.]
