1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$191
Mr. ORR. I call the previous question upon
my motion.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to lay the motion
upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does that carry
the bill with it?
The SPEAKER. It does not. Jt is an inde-
pendent motion, and does not attach itself to the
bill.
The motion was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. PRINGLE. I would like to have the res-
olution divided.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to appoint
a committee, and to give instructions to the com-
mittee. It is not divisible under the rules of the
House, because, if the first pant be negatived, there
is nothing to which the second clause can be at-
tached.
Mr. MORGAN. Then I hope it will be voted
down.
Mr. STANTON. Suppose the House vote
down the motion of the gentleman from South
Carolina. [Cries of " Order !" "Order!"!
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
"will state for what pumose he rises.
Mr. STANTON. It is to inquire whether a
simple motion to appoint a committee of confer-
ence will be in order if this motion is voted down 5
The SPEAKER. It will be.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Orr's motion;
and it was dccided in the negative—yeas 97, mivs
98; as follows:
11. YV. Cobb, Cox, Craijjc, Davidson, Henry YVmfor Davis,
Denvri, Dowdell, Erimunrison, Elliott, Eu.stH, Evans,
Faulkner, Florence, Poster, Ileiny M Fuller, Thomas J.
1). Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, J. Moriison UariN, Samp-
son YV. Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Harrison, Haven, Her-
bert, Hickman, IIofFman, Houston, Ueoigi; W. Jones. J.
Glancy Jones, Kellv, Ividwell, Lake, Letel^i, Lumpkm,
Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S.
Mai shall, Maxwell, McMulhn, IVIcUuocu, Nnntii Ahlb><
Million, Mordocai Oliver, Orr, Peck, Phfjlp*, Poiter,
Powell, Pmyear, Quitman, Rieaud, Richardson, lliveis,
Fufiin, Rust, Samiulge, Savage, Seward, Shoitei, "Willi.mi
Smith, William ft. Smith, rineed, Stephens, Stcv..lit,
Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Thurston, Tnppc, Tvcon. (Tj der-
wood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Watkms, WelN, Wheeler,
YVlutney, Williams, Winslovv, Daniel B, Wn-dit, John V.
YVii<rht, and Zolheofter—97.
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Baibour, Bar-
clay, Hemy Hennett, Benson, BjllinjjhurS't, Bishop, Rlis«.,
Bradrthavv, Brenton, Buffinton, James H. Caiii[>bell, Lewis
I). Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, (Uaws-nn. Colfax,
Coinms, Covode, Cragin, Cumbaek, Damrell, Timothy
Dav^jDean, Dick, Dickson. Dodd, Duriee, Ldie, Emvnub ,
Em lie, FIa< |pr, Calloway, Giddmjjsj, Gilbert, Gi aimer, Grow,
Robert 13. Hall, Harlan. Holloway, Tlioma> 11. Hot ton.
Valentine B. Norton, Hnwairi, Ila^li^ton, Kel>ey, King,
Knapp, Kniirht, Knowlton, Knox, Kuukd, l.eiter. Matte-
son, McCarty, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, ilTninll, Mott, M«r-
lay. Miehols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, l'euree,
Peltou, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, J'imgle, Ritchie,
liobeiNj Page, Happ, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner,
Stanton, Stranahari, Tappan, Tlioiington, Todd, Tiafton,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbudge, Waldion, Cadwalader C.
WVhburne, EJhlm B. YVashbume, Israel Wasiiburn,
YVat^on, Welch, YVood, YVoodrulf, and Woodworfh—98.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. KIDWELL stated that, after this vote,he>
had paired o(F with Mr. Ckag*n until Monday
morning.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. A bill of the Senate was passed by this
House with an amendment. It went to the Sen-
ate without the amendment being noted. The
records of the House show that the amendment
was acted upon and passed by the House. 1 sub-
mit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of tin* House be dueetnd to re-
qut >t of the Senate a leturn ol the bill of the Senate (No.
377) entitled "An act for the relief of Ambrose Lanfear, of
Louisiana."
The resolution was agreed to; and the error
was corrected.
LANDS TO THE
Mr. CARL1LE.
suspend the rules to
to equalize the grants
The SPEAKER,
and nays have been
The question was
the negative—yeas 7<
OLD STATES AGAIN.
•I now call up my motion to
enable me to introduce a bill
of lands to the several States.
Upon that motion the yeas
ordered.
taken; and it was decided in
8? nays 96; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ball, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bishop,
Bowie, Buffinton, Janus II. Campbell, Carlilc, Chaffee,
Bayaid Clarke, Ezia( 'Imk, dawson, Cox, Cullen, "DamrelL
Timothy Davi^. Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edae, Edwards,
Evans, Flagler. Foster, FlenrvM. Fullei,Galloway,Gilbert,
Granger, Robert B. Ifall, J. Morrison Harris, Haven, Hoff-
man, Thomas It. Hoston, Valontine B. Horton,Hughston,
Kelsey, King, Knight, Knowlton, Kunkel, Matteson, Mc-
C'aity, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Parker,
Pcarce, Pelton, Pennington, Pike, Pi ingle, Puryear, Itieaud,
Rivers, Roberts, Saco, r?immon9. William Smith, YVilham
R. Smith, Snecd. Btranaisan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurs-
ton, Todd, Trafton, Titppc, Undervvoodi, Vail, YVakeman,
Elhlm 15. Washburne, 1-rael YVashburn,Wntkms,YVilliams,
YVood, YVoodruff, and Zoiheofler—78.
NAYS-—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Hendlcy S. Bennett, Bli-^, Boeoek, Boyce, Bradsliaw,
Branch, Brenton, Biook^, Burnett, Lewis D. Campbell,
Caruthers, Caskie, Clmgman, Howell Cobb, YVilJiarason 11.
W. Cobb, Ooifiu, Comue--, Craige, Cumbaek, Davidson,
Dean, Denver, Dowdell, Edmund^on, Elliott, Emrie, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddings, Goode,
Greenwood, (.'row, ftailan, Hiekman,Holloway, Houston,
Howard, GeoigeYY*. Jones,, J. Clancy Jones, Kelly, Knapp,
Knox, Loiter. Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, MeMullm, McQueen, Smith Miller, Mill-
ion, Mott, Nieliok-', Notion. Mouh'cai Oliver, Orr, Perry,
Pettit, Poiter, Powell, <imtman, Rtchard>on, Ituflin, Rust,
Samhdge,Scipp, Savage, Seott, S(4ward, Sherman, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, Spmner, Stewart, Talbott, Ta\lor, Valk,
YVade, YValbndg.'. YValdtou, Cadwalader YVashbum«,
Watson, Welch, YVelu, Wheeler, YVmsbnv, YVoodwoitli,
Daniel B. Wright, and John V. YVright—96.
So the rules were not suspended.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DOWDELL stated that his colleague,
Mr. IIaiuus, was ill, and had paired off with
Mr. RixeiiiK, until Monday morning.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, requesting the
return to that body by the House of an act (S.
No. 377) for the relief of Ambrose Lanfear.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAV7DSCOV, from fhe Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills
and resolutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
A resolution (S. No. 34) for the settlement
of the accounts of Charles M. Strader and Ed-
ward P. Johnson, mail contractors;
An act (H. li. No. ISO) making appropriations
for fortifications and other works of defense, and
for repairs of barracks and quarters, for the year
ending 30th June, LS.)7;
An act (&. No. 407) for the relief of Francis A.
Gibbons and Francis X. Kelly;
An act (S. lNro. *2114) fixing the graduation pe-
riod for lands in tli.j 'Jreensburg district, in the
State of Louisiana;
An act (S. JNro. 339) to authorize protection to
be given to citizens of the United States -who may
discover deposits of e;uano;
An act (S. No. kJ39) supplemental to an act
entitled ''An act to amend the several acts re-
specting copyrights, "approved February 3,1831;
An act (S. No. 2(H) to amend an act entitled
f'An act requiring foreign regulations of com- j
merce to be laid annually before Congress," ap-
proved August 16, 3843, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 18;2) for the relief of John
Tucker;
An act (S. No. JG9) for the relief of Josiah S.
Little;
An act (S. No. 2R0) for the relief of Anthony
Rankin, of Tennessee;
An act ( S. No. 2b9) for the relief of the heirs
of.labez Ti. Roob'v, deceased;
An art (S. No. 299) ior the relief of John M.
Mcintosh;
An act ^S. Nu. 136) for the relief of Isaac
Cook and others;
An act (S. No. 902) for the relief of Jamea Da-
vidson, of Kentucky;
An act (S. No. 229) for the relief of F. A. Cun-
ningham, paymaster United States Army;
An act (S. No. 1*JU) granting a pension to Ben-
jamin Berry, a soldier of the Revolution;
An act (S. No. ^5) granting a revolutionary
pension to Sarah l h unt;
An act (S. No. itfl) for the relief of Rebecca
Halsey, widow of Zephaniah Ilalsey, an officer
of the Revolution •,
An act (S. No. 25(J) for the relief of Nancy
Bo wen and Sarah Lnrrabee;
An act (S. No. 2t<7) granting a pension to
Nancy M. Gunsally, formerly widow of Lyman
M. Richmond, deceased;
An act (S. No. 286) granting five years'half
pay to Mrs. Ann Turner, widow of Elbert Tur-
ner, deceased;
An act (S. No. 245) for the relief of Franck Tay-
lor;
An act (S. No. 309) for the relief of Brevet Brig-
adier General John B. Walbach, of the United
States Army;
An act (S. No. 375) for the relief of Eliza B.
McNcill;
An act (S. No. 345) for the relief of Nathan M.
Lounsbury;
An act (S. No. 313) for the relief of Adam D.
Steuart and of Alexander Randall, executor of*
Daniel Randall;
An act (S. No. 308) for the relief of John H.
Scranton and James M. Hunt, owners of the
steamer Major Tompkins; and
A resolution (S. R, No. 24) for the benefit of Su-
san Decatur, widow of Commodore Stephen De-
catur, late of the United States Navy.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House that
the Senate insist on their amendment to the Army
appropriation bill, and had appointed another
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act to extend
the jurisdiction of the corporation of the city of
Washington over the lower Eastern Branch, or
Navy-Yard bridge, and to regulate travel on the
upper Eastern Branch, or Benning's bridge, and
for other purposes.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a reso-
lution from the Senate insisting on their amend-
ment to House bill (No. 153) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Army for the year
ending June 30,1857, disagreed to by the House,
asking a further conference on the disagreeing
vote of the two Houses on said bill, and ordering
that Messrs. Pugii, Clay, and Geyer be the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move that the I'louse in-
sist upon its disagreement to the amendment of
the Senate, and appoint a second committee of
conference.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Gid-
pings, Faulkner, and Ar.usotf were appointed
such committee of conference.
POST OFFTCE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to take
from the Speaker's table the act making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending June 30,1857,
with the Senate amendments thereto; and that
the House non-concur in the amendments of the
Senate, with a view to a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BILLINGHIJRST. I move that a com-
mittee of conference be appointed.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Bil-
lijcghurst, Walker, and Sage, were appointed
such committee of conference.
LEGISLATIVE, EXECUIIY^E, AND JUDICIAL
APPROPRIATION jBIIX.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire to state the
action of the committee of conference appointed
on the disagreeing votes on House bill No. 202.
The House will recollect that, when I announced
the action of the first committee of conference
to-day, there were still some eight or nine amend-
ments of the Senate undisposed of. A second
committee of conference was appointed, and they
were unable to agree. The bill was returned to
the Senate, and we now have a message from
that body informing us that they have receded
from all of their amendments, and of their disa-
greeing votes to the House amendments, with the
exception of four. They have receded from some
ten amendments. They insist, however, upon
four of their amendments, which I desire to state
to the House.
The first is the amendment of the Senate
striking out from this appropriation bill ^180,000
for the purchase of books for the members. I
