582
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 16,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
political influence that could be brought to bear
on the Department, are now not only accepted,
but accepted with eagerness, and all naval duty,
tinder all circumstances, performed in the best
possible manner.
Under these circumstances, the Committee on
Naval Affairs have brought forward the bill be-
fore the Senate. The Senator from Georgia and
others have dissented from its provisions to a
certain extent. I will not delay the Senate with
discussing the provisions of the bill; but I will
say, that the provision for one admiral is one to
which I attach very little importance. I have not
the slightest objection to the title, however, which
some gentlemen seem so seriously to object to.
We want some grade in oar service to corre-
spond with the highest grade of all the navies of
Europe; and it is unwise to withhold it from a
mere prejudice against a designation. The fathers
of the Republic had no such feeling with regard
to the grade of admiral, as our records abundantly
■how.
The committee of the Continental Congress
appointed Ezekiel Hopkins commander-in-chief
of the fleet, December 22, 1775. (See American
Archives, 4tJi Series, Vol. 3, p. 1957. General
Washington addressed him as admiral. (See
American Archives, 4th Series, Vol. 5, p. 931.)
" By this law, it will be seen that Mr. Hopkins was not
made a captain, bat the' commander-in-chief,' a rank that
was intended to correspond in the Navy to that held by
Washington in the Army. His official appellation among
seamen appears to have been that of ' commodore,' though
he was frequently styled, 'admiral,' in the papers of the
period."—Cooper's Naval History, Vol. 1, p. 102.
No "commander-in-chief" was appointed to
fill the vacancy occasioned by the dismissal of
Admiral Hopkins, though such a measure was
recommended to the National Legislature by a
committee of its own body, August 24, 1781.
November 15, 1776, Congress resolved that
the rank of naval officers to the rank of officers
in the land service should be: admiral, as a gene-
ral ; vice admiral, as a lieutenant general; rear
admiral, as a major general; commodore, as a
brigadier general; captain of a ship of forty
guns and upwards, as a colonel; captain of a
ship of twenty to forty guns, as a lieutenant col-
onel 5 captain of a ship of ten to twenty guns,
as a major; lieutenant, as a captain.
October 28, 1779, Congress by a resolution au-
thorized the creation of a " board of admiralty;"
and in 1781 an " agent of marine " was appointed
to execute the functions of the board of admi-
ralty, and those of the several naval boards which
had been previously authorized.
In March, 1800, Mr. Secretary of the Navy
Stoddert earnestly recommended to the chairman
®f the Naval Committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives, that authority should be given to ap-
point two admirals, two vice admirals, and two
rear admirals. He was impressed with the con-
viction that by a navy alone can we secure re-
spect to our rights as a sovereign nation; that the
best interests of the country imperiously demanded
that this syBtem of defenses should be cherished;
and he believed that justice and policy required
that the brave and experienced officers should be
rewarded, and the young stimulated by confer-
ring on long and extraordinary skill and valor
the usual naval honors and distinctions." (See
Naval Chronicle, p. 350, and also the Public Doc-
uments.)
(Naval Chronicle, p. 345, et seq.; Cooper's
Naval Hstory, Vol. 1, Introduction, p. 21, et seq.)
Admirals were recommended by the following
Secretaries of the Navy Department. (See Ameri-
can State Papers, Naval Officers, pp. 324,618,815,
908,909,816,913.)
November 28,1814, by William Jones. (Amer-
ican State Papers—Naval Officers, p. 324.)
December 29,1819, by Smith Thompson. (Do.,
p. 618.)
December 2, 1822, by Smith Thompson, and
President Monroe. (P. 815.)
January 24,1824, by Samuel L. Southard, and
President Monroe. (Pp. 907,909, 913.)
We have no such fleets as are commanded by
the admirals of other naval Powers, for our lim-
ited number of ships compels us to separate and
scatter them almost singly over the face of the
deep, and hence we must expect that our first
naval contest will be distinguished,as wasour last,
by skillful escapes from the squadrons and fleets
of the enemy, and by brilliant single combats.
While the squadrons of other nations are activily
drilled and exercised in fleet sailing, exhibiting,
perhaps, as interesting a spectacle as old ocean ever
witnesses, that of numerous magnificent ships,
instinct with life, each perfect and independent
in itself, and each filling its appointed place, and
performing its appropriate duty in a formidable
array of power, directed and controlled by the
signals of some " tall admiral." We can have
no such school of practice with our limited Navy.
I know of but one attempt at fleet maneuvering
in our service for the last quarter of a century.
The title of admiral, independent of positive
law, comes down to us from early naval history,
and is given to the highest grade in all the navies
of Europe. I think there would be wisdom in
adopting either this, or some other designation,
by which other navies would know that he who
bears it possesses those powers, is committed to
those duties, and is entitled to all those rights,
privileges, and immunities with which their
highest officers are invested. Our highest grade
is that of captain; the title of commodore has no
legal existence with us, and is conceded accord-
ing to taste or courtesy. This suggestion is based
not upon any regard for empty titles, but upon a
dispassionate review of the duties devolml upon
our naval men, and the too frequent delays and
interruptions to which they are subjected in their
execution.
Scarcely a year passes that some unpleasant
misunderstanding does not arise between our cap-
tains and the admirals of other Powers, our offi-
cers claiming for themselves from others the ob-
servance of all the courtesies due to a flag officer,
and the navies of Europe, not comprehending
how a captain can be an admiral, withholding
them. They contend that our flag officer should
be represented either by the force or the grade;
and they cannot admit that an officer called a cap-
tain, a designation well known to all naval and
merchant marine, in command of a single vessel,
is to be regarded as the chief officer of our Navy.
There is reason in this, sir; and by the adoption
of the title of flag officer or admiral we shall re-
move a constantly-recurring source of misunder-
standing, which always to a certain extent pre-
cedes the transaction of business between the
officers of our own and those of other navies.
The bill of the committee provides for a divis-
ion of the officers into two classes, and gives to
one the designation of "scientific corps." A
few words wilL suffice to explain the committee's
views, and the Secretary's recommendation upon
this point. The present condition of the Navy
illustrates with more force than argument can,
what seems to be a self-evident proposition, viz:
thatman rarely attains to any uncommon efficiency :
in more than one profession or department of I
knowledge; and that an officer of the Navy, whose
home ana whose business should be upon the
deep, with an occasional leave to the shore for :
relief or recreation, can never become distin- i
guished in any of those walks of science or of
literature which are to be assiduously wooed j
only in the quiet shades or academic gardens of
quiet life, without neglecting the duties of a naval
officer.
I am strongly tempted here, sir, to express my
own conviction of what a naval officer should be,
but I will not delay the Senate to do so.
If we take our young men, in the vigor of life
and the maturity of their ambition and mental
faculties, from the decks of our ships, confine them
for years to the shore, and devolve upon them
duties which have no necessary connection with ,
those of the sea officer—with the ocean or its
commands—wean their affections from the great
sea—their first love—and concentrate them upon
the dull tame shore, ean you look to them sud-
denly to abandon the snug domestic circle, the
happiness that springs from wife, children, and
friends, the pleasures of literary or scientific pur-
suits with which they have associated their names, 1
for the sacrifices of a seaman's career, with all
its hazards of battle, storm, and wreck?
No, sir, it would be folly to expect it; and it |
would be worse than folly to commit to such hands
the momentous chances of victory or triumph
upon the deep. Hence, the necessity of dividing 1 <
the corps, and keeping your sea officers fully up
to the standard of efficiency, which the interests
of the country demand. I need no), further dwell
I! upon this feature of the bill.
| _ If, however, distinguished mathematical ability
in a naval commander be deemed a compensation
e absence of all the skill, confidence, and
ability as a seaman, which long and patient com-
mand of men upon the deep alone can confer,
i then, certainly, we should regard our twelve pro-
feasors of mathematics, all distinguished in the
profession, and all men of learning and character,
as eligible to naval commands. *
i But, sir, if the Senate shall determine to strike
this feature from the bill, in selecting men to com-
mand our ships, and disregard those dictates of
! wisdom, experience, and the public interests
which daily govern us in managing our own pri-
vate affairs, be it so.
I have hurriedly referred to these features of
the bill of the committee; and I have rather pre-
sented suggestions of arguments to others than
made arguments myself. But the amendment of
| the Senator from Georgia, as illustrated by him,
can be productive of only one effect—and that is,
to destroy all the good which has been attained
by this naval reform. It strikes at the very root
of it. If it had been designed to defeat all the
, good which has been done, and to strike a '' heavy
S blow and great discouragement" at any future
j attempt to improve the Navy, it could not have
been devised with more ingenuity. The second
section is:
" That, as soon as possible after the passage of this act,
the President of the United States shall cause a naval court
of inquiry to assemble, which shall make a careful inquiry
j into the efficiency (mental, physical, and professional) of
all the naval officers disrated or dropped by the ' finding'
of the lute naval board, assembled by virtue of the said act
of the 28th of February, 1855, and who may demand a hear-
ing before said court within sixty days after the passage of
this act, and of all other officers of the Navy whose names
may be submitted to said court by the President of the
United States, which said court shall hear and determine
upon the capacity (mental, physical, and professional) of
all of said officers to perform promptly and efficiently all
their duties, both ashore and afloat."
This is a most extraordinary provision, and as
vain and useless as it is extraordinary. I have
maintained, and I think successfully—nor am I
aware that any but the Senator from Georgia and
the Senator from Mississippi hold the contrary—
that the " dropped" officers are out of the service-.
They are now citizens; and if this be so, by what
right do we attempt to constitute a " naval court
of inquiry," as this section does, to try their effi-
ciency ? If such an inquiry could be regarded as
legal and appropriate, it should not stop at men-
tal and physical capacity; for if we cannot say
that every officerof our Navy is a" chosen man,
equal to any emergency, we should, at least, be
j able to say that every one is a gentleman; and
with this remark I leave the point.
1 will only add, that so well satisfied am I of
the incompetency of Congress to legislate men
into the service who have been thus dropped, that
; I will place the apology for such legislation in
the strongest light, and say that, had they been
dropped, not by a powerless board, but by a
regular court-martial, with the approbation and
confirmation of the Executive, and it had been
subsequently discovered that the members of
the court and the witnesses had concluded and
predetermined to cashier them, and committed
perjury to accomplish, there would be no power
in Congress alone to put them back. This is too
clear to require argument. But, sir, had we this
power, would its exercise in this instance be a
wise one ? Would men deserving restoration for
their ojvn merits desire, to go back,underthe cir-
cumstances, without some such indorsement as a
court of inquiry would afford ? And if they
would, would it be wise or statesmanlike to put
them back, and leaven the service with so many
elements of discord ?
No, sir, a prudent man, mindful of his future
in the service, would demand and insist upon
some inquiry as to his fitness—some inquiry to
satisfy friends and silence foes before restora-
tion.
Section six of this proposition is:
" That whenever an officer who has been disrated or
dropped under color of the act of the 28th of February, 1855,
shall demand a rehearing before the court of inqiury hereby
provided for, then ail recommendations, or < findings,' of
