2192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16.
simply desire to say to the House in regard to
that, that since the passage of the increased com-
pensation bill I think that the House ought not
to insist on that appropriation. The other three
are the amendments in relation to Kansas—two
provisoes attached to the bill by the House, and
the amendment of the Senate making an appro-
priation for the legislature of" Hansas. These
are the amendments now remaining to be acted
on by the House—the three in relation to Kan-
sas, and the one in relation to the books. My
experience on these committees of conference
satisfies me that it is unnecessary to have further
conference on these questions, especially as the
matter is now narrowed down to these isolated
points, on which the House can act without the
interposition of a committoeof conference. The
hour is late; and I think it is time that we should
take a test vote 011 these questions, whether we
intend to maintain the position which the House
has taken, and so lose the bill on these amend-
ments ? I go into no argument on the subject,
because I do not intend to invite discussion by
anything I might say. I move that the House
recede in each case—from the book amendment,
and from the three Kansas amendments; and on
that I ask the previous question, with the under-
standing that there may be a separate vote on
each one of these amendments, so that the House
may express its judgment on each subject. The
first amendment is the book question. The Sen-
ate struck out that appropriation from the bill.
The House agreed to that, with an amendment
in the nature of a proviso.' The ( {feet of my
motion to recede will be, if adopted, to agn i- to
the Senate amendment to strike out the appro-
priation altogether.
Mr. MATTESON. I would inquire whether
it is worth while for us to have three votes on
the Kansas question ?
Mr. GOBI!. Not unless the House desire it.
Several Members. Separate votes.
Mr. COBB. It' gentlemen desire to have sep-
arate votes, 1 think they ought to have them.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was first taken on the Senate
amendment striking out the appropriation for
books for members.
i\Ir. II1CKM AN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie not ordered, only
fourteen members \ ol mi; therefor.
The question was lakeii;aml the fmiendnirnt
of the Wcnale wa.s concurred in.
Air. Iji'YVCA 1 1'lfi. moved to reconsider the \ ote
by which tin1 amendment of the Senate was eon-
eurieil in, and also moved to lay the motion to
leconsider on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. PIIKU'S. T would surest, that as to tins
other three pending amendments m relation lo
Kansas, a vote upon one would answer the pur-
pose.
•Several Mkmbmis. No! no!
The question iveurrcd on the amend mont of the
Senate winking out the following proviso:
Piovitlci], Tliiit the itioiii'V heiehy appioprwted shall not
b" /ii.'iun lrom the Tieasmy,
in whiMi amendment the FIousc concurred with
the following amendment:
J'}orulc</, Th,a no part of the nmni'v appioprmlod bv tliN
art Mi (in- Ttuuuiy of shall be <ii;nvn liom the
Tieu-iuy, or p:ud nut <>! any other appiopnauon nude hv
Connie—, until even pei-on chained with tie.wui aiianiM
the I'inted Slitter, m other orient loun.ied upon anv jur-
tu ijMtimi of Mich per-on m ihe !oi ni.itnut ot tin* c-nn-tnu.
tion known as tin: Topeka eon-tunnon, or an> mea-nie
prejKitatoi) theieto, or m pui-uaitce theieot, ()[ in the body
etanuni'j; to lie the Lr^iM.itine oi --.ml MYmtoiv eonv< neii
at Tojx-k.i, ni ,iny mea-me ptep.u.itor\ thereto,'' or m pur-
biKim e theieot. oi am violation or di ie ,ud whatev < i of
any eunetment ot the aliened Le<ris!«invo"A—endUy of  ,ud
Teiruoiv, Kcenth fi--einliled ;it Mi.uvnee Wi-moii", vhall tie
leleaced Iroin confinement, and dwhatired iioni i'tntiier
pro<oeiuion therefor i but nothinir contained ui thw piovio
nhal! he *-o t ou^tnied as to jnevent the indictment, iine-t,
pio^ociiuon, puru-limeut. oi defennon, m or b> «mj eouit
of the United Ntate-; m «-,ud Temtoiv, of anv pei-on who
shall have woLuerf am provision ot anv net of Coimie^ m
the oommi-^ion c)t an\ oil'eie-.o against peisoa or propeuy in :
said Terutoiy,
WALKER demanded the yeas and nays, i
i he yeas and navs were ordered. j
The question was taken; and it was decided in i
thp affirmative—yeas 93, nays 93; as follows: |
\ L Aiken. Barksdale, Hundley S. Bennett,
Bocociv, tfowie, jbo>ce, Branch, Broom, Burnett, Cadwal- j
ader, LewisD. Campbell, Carlile,Caruthers, Ca^kie, Chng-
man, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige,
Cullen, Davidson, Ilenry Winter Davit*, Denver, Dowdell,
Edmundson, Elliott, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence,
Ilemy M. l?uller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood,
J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Herbert, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, George W. Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexan-
der K. Maishall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Maishall,
Maxwell,iMcMullin,McQueen, Smith Miller,Millson,Mill-
ward, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Feck, Phelps, Porter, Powell,
Puryear, Q.uitman, Ricaud, Richardson, Rivers, RuMn, Rust,
Sandidge, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart,
Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Thurston, Tnppe, Tvson, Under-
wood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, Wil-
liams, Wmslow, Darnel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and
Zolheoti'er—98.
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billnighurst, Bishop, Bliss,
Biadshaw, Brenton, Buffinton, James II. Campbell, Chaffee,
Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax. Comins,
Covode, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Dean, Dick-
son, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Emiie, Flagler, Galloway, G Hi-
dings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hol-
loway, Thomas 11. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard,
Hughston, Kelsey, Kmg, Knapp, Knight, Knowltou, Knox,
Kunkel, Leiter, Matteson, MeCaity, IvilhanMiiler, Moigan,
Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Noiton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Pearce., Pulton, Pennington, Peiry, Pettit, Pike,
Pringle, Roberts, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons,
Spinner, Stanton, Stranahau, Tappan, Thoringten, Todd,
YVade, VVakeitian, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadvvalader C.
Waslihurne, Klhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wat-
son, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—93.
So the House receded from its amendment, and
agreed to the Senate amendment.
The next amendment was reported, as follows:
Strike out the proviso m the clause " For defraying the
expenses of the Supieme, eiicuit, and district couits of the
United Stales, including the District of Columbia ; also for
jurois and witness, in aid of the t\iniN ansia? from fines,
penaJtH"}, and toiWimrvs inclined in the /w-ui jear ending
June JO, iind pievious years ; and likewise lor deltay-
nm the f.\peiisos ot muN in wlneh the I Tnited States are con-
cerned, .uid of prosecuttons for oilens-es committed <igamst
the Cmt<'d States, and tor the s.ifc-kecping ot pnsoneix.
.-51,000,000: I'iondc/l, fatrcrer, Thai no pait of the money
hereby appropriated shall be expended tor prosecuting or
detaining any peiscm oi peison^ eh«irged with tie.ison or
any other political ojlensi.- m the Territory of Knns.is, for
any pios<vutioiih that liave been heretofore instituted for
pohtn.-a!olfenses j'' and insert as tallows:
Pro i idcd, hoivcicr, That no part of the same shall be ex-
pended tor airesting, prosecuting, punishing, or detaining
anv person chaiged with treason or other offense founded
upon any participation of such peisons m the fonnnnon of
the constitution known a<  the Topeka constitution, or
anymeasuie prcparatoiy thereto, or in pursuance theicof,
or m the body claiming to he the [,egis!ature of said Teiri-
torj, convened at Topeka, or any measure preparatory
theieto, or \n pui-oianee thereof, or any violation or di<ie-
gaid whatevei of any enactment of the alleged i.egislative
Assembly ot said Territmy, recently tis^embled at Shawnee
Mission* but nothing in this provwo shall be so construed
as to pi event the indtetmctu, arrest, prosecution, punish-
ment, or detention m or by any court of the timied States,
in said Temtory, of any person who shall have violated
anv [Hovision ot anv aa ot Congress m the comruisMon of
any ofleiiM- a amst pexon or pioperty in said Temtory.
Mr. Wv\SIJIHIRN, of Maine, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
On motion of Mr. McMULLIN, it was
Oulrred, Thai when the Hou^e adjourns it adjourn to
me* t at nine o'clock, a. m., on Monday ne.M.
Mr. AUSUIGUT (at twelve o'clock) moved
that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion
that the 1 Louso reeedc from its disagreement to
the Senate amendment; and being1 taken, it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 91; as
follows:
YHAS—Messrs. Aiken, Bar'c^dale, Hendley S. Bennett,
Boc oi K, Bowie. Boyco, Bianch, Btoom,Binnett, (\idwal-
adei, Cathie, < 'anithei-*, ('a^kie, Clmgman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Co\, Ciaige, (-ulleii. Da\ id-on,
Henry Winter l)a\i-, Denvei, Dtjwdcll, lldniund^ou. Hlli-
ott, Ku-tts. I'lvans, t'.uitkner, Floience, Henry M Fuller,
Thomas J. D. Puilei, Goode, (ire<-nv\ood, J. Morrison
Hams, Thomas L. Hanis, Hanison, Haven, Herhett. Hick-
man. Holliaan, 1 fou-ton,<i<>ora<s W. Jone-^.J (Jlanev Jone^,
Kelly, Lake, Hetciiei, launnkm, Aio.xandei K. .Maiviuill,
Humphrey Maishall. Samuel S. Marahall, >Ia\w«'II, Mc-
Mulhn, McUueen, Smith Milieu ivmi-on, Millw ard. Mor-
dec-at Oliver, Oir. I'eek, Phelps, Pottei, Powell Piujeai,
Uuuman, Bieaud, Richaid^on, Uiveis, Ratlin, Kust,'San-
didge, Savaire, Sewatd, Shortei. Samuel A. Smith, William
►simth, \\ ilhain It Smith, Sneed, Stewait. S\vo[ie, ToIbott,
TajJoi, Tluhfton, Tuppe, Tvson. irndetwood, Vail, Valk, I
Walkei, WelN, Wheelei, Whitney, Williams, VViuslow,
DameM?. Wnght, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffei— 90.
iVA V S— Mi's^ii Albiight. Allison. Rail, Barbour, Barclay, j
Henry Bennett, Ben-on, Billmghurst, Bishop, Bhs^, Biad- ;
shaw. Btenton, Butfmton, Jame« H. Campbell, Lewis I), '
Campbell, Chaffee, Bajaul Claike, Kzta (Jlark, Claw-on,
Colfa\, Coann5:, Covode, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy
Davis, Dean. Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Einrie, Flagler,
Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbeit. Granger, Grow, Robeit B.
Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B.
Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelscv, King, Knapp, Knight
Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Matteson, KiIlianMiIler,
Morgan, Moinil, Mott, Muriay, Nichols, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Parker, Pearee, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit,
Pike, Pringle, Roberts, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman. Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Todd, Wade,
Wakcman, Walbiidge, Waldion, Cadwalader C. Wash-
buine, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Welch,
Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—91.
So the House receded from its amendment, and
agreed to the amendment of the Senate.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. MACE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Keitt.
Mr. PIKE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Carlile for the remainder of the session,
after this vote.
Mr. DICKSON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Stephens.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Watkins, and Mr. Watson had
paired off for the remainder of the session.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky, stated that
he had paired off with Mr. Dick.
Mr. BARBOUR moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.*
The last amendment of the Senate to which
the House disagreed was reported as follows:
For compensation and mileage of members of the Legis-
lative Assembly, officers, clerks, aud contingent expenses
of said Assembly, $20,000.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 85, nays 93; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Baikal ale, Hendlev S. Bennett,
Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Bianch, Broom, Burnett, Cadwal-
ader, Caiuthers, Cn*kie, Clmgman, Howell Cobb, William-
son R. W. Cobb, Coy, Craige, Cullon, D.ivnKon, Henry
Winter Davis, Denver, Dovvdell, Kdmumlson, Elliott, Eus-
tis, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. FuJlet, Goode, Green-
wood,.!. Momson llama,Thomas. L. Hmiis, Herbert, Hoff-
man, Houston, George W. Jones, J. Glatiev Jones, Kelly,
Lake, Letehei, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Mar^iall, Huni-
phiey Maishall, ^amtie] S. Marxian, Maxwell, MeMnltm,
McUueen, Smith Miller, MtlKon, Mnrdeeai Oliver, Orr,
Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Purveai, Uuitman, Ricaud,
Richardson, Rivers, Ruthn, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Sew-
aid, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Sliced, Stewait, Svvope, Talbott, Taylor, Tnppe, Typon,
Undeiwood, Vail, Valk, Wheeler, Wlutney, Williams,
Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wught, and Zolhcof-
for—8;,.
NAYS— Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmghurst, I>h<s, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Butlinton, Jamo H. ('ampbell, lievvia D. Camp-
bell, Chaffee, Bayaid C-larke, E/.ia Claik, Clawson, (.'olfax,
Comins, Covode, Cumback. Daunell,Timothy Davis, Dean,
Dickson, Dodd, Durtee, Edie, LOmise, Flagler, Galloway,
Guiding-^, Gilbeit, Granger, Giow, Xtobert B. Hall, Hailan,
Hickman, Holloway, Thomas It. Iloiton, Valentine B.
Hoi ton, Hovvaid, Hugiiston, KeNey, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Matteson, MeCaity, Kil-
han Miilei,.VItllward, Morgan,Mouill, Mott, Munav, Nich-
ols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearee, Pelton, Pen-
nington, Perry, Pettit, Pringle, Kobeits, Sage, Sapp, Scott,
Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thoring-
ton, Thmston, Todd, Wade, Wakcman, Walbridge, WjU-
dion, Cadvvalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Washburne,
Isratl Wa-ihbum, Welch, WelU, Wood, Woodruff, and
Woodwoith—93.
So the House refused to reeedc from its disa-
; greement to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote hist taken; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Air. COBB, of Georgia. If the gentleman will
waive his motion for a moment, I will say that
it is necessary the House should take additional
action on this amendment, in order that the bill
may be returned to the Senate for its final action.
I will move that the House insist on its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will have no effect.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion; mid the mution to reconsider "was laid
upon the table.
The question was then taken on Mr. Coke's
motion; and the House insisted on its disagree-
ment to the Senate amendment making appropri-
ation for the expenses of the Legislative Assem-
bly of Kansas.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE,
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickixs, their Secretary, announcing that
the Senate had agreed to a committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the Post Office appropriation bill.
INCREASED COMPENSATION OF LABORERS.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I now
