1956. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
583
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
said naval board, and all proceedings of every description
taken in pursuance (hereof, shall be deemed, held, and
taken to be utterly void, and of no effect as to said officer."
That is, if we ourselves, by our instruments,
our own court, shall say that the President did
improperly drop a man, his executive act amounts
to notiiing. It is the first time that I have ever
heard the power here asserted gravely broached,
and I doubt very much the ability of any man to
maintain it at this day. So far as the dropping of
these officers is concerned, it is an accomplished
thing—au fait accompli. The officers are out of
the service, and the law, as regards them,is obso-
lete. You can no more legislate them back into
the Navy, than, by repealing the appropriation
law by which granite blocks were put into this
Capitol, you can repeal the granite out of it.
The Senator's eighth section is similar:
" That so much of the act of the 28th of February, 1855,
as conflicts with this act, and so much and such parts of
said act of 28th February, 1855, as may be construed to
disrate, or drop, or in any manner impair the rights of any
officer who may demand a hearing before the court of in-
quiry herein authorized by law be, and the same are hereby,
repealed."
As to this I will only observe, that it is not to
be presumed that any President fit to occupy the
station would approve a law which strikes at a
power confided to him by the Constitution, and
which has been thus far maintained intact by his
predecessors.
Now, sir, leaving the proportion of the Sena-
tor from Georgia, I come to the ojie propounded
by my friend from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard;]
n.nd I say that in much of his bill I concur. All
that he has placed in the bill that is desirable
will, however, be attained, in my judgment, hy
the passage of the committee's bill. The first
section of his proposition is designed to restore
the reserved officers. It does not place back
the dropped officers. The Senator from Delaware,
in reference to them, holds, as I do, that no
legislation of Congress, apart from executive
nomination, can ever place the dropped officers
back into the service; therefore, unlike the Sena-
tor from Georgia, he limits his legislation to
those on the reserved list. I take issue with him
on that point for the same reason. Conceding,
for the sake of the argument, that the legislation
in reference to the reserved officers has not been
entirely completed, still it is inchoate legislation,
and such as had the executive cooperation and
sanction; the executive sanction has already been
given to it within his constitutional power, and
in accordance with the lav,*, and that sanction
this body has no power or right to subvert.
Something has been said frequently on this
floor, Mr. President, in relation to the Navy being
too large. It is said that we have too many offi-
cers, and that the Navy should be reduced. T]}is
argument was dwelt upon by the Senator from
Georgia. It is one which ought to obtain no
general belief, and I trust it does not, in the
country. The truth is, that we have so few naval
officers and so few ships, that our Navy is so
diminutive altogether, that it is brought in con-
tact but very little with public men. They scarcely
see the Navy, and of late legislation for it has been
extremely limited. N o branch of the public service
has received so little of the attention of Congress.
I hold thatour Navy now is smaller than it was
in 1817—forty years ago. I have the informa-
tion before me, and as events are transpiring
which may render it useful, or at all events in-
teresting, I thought this morning that I would
give it to the Senate.
In 1817 we had twenty-two vessels of war
t with six hundred and eighty-seven guns and six
thousand five hundred seamen. I will not enu-
merate or classify the vessels, but will hurry on.
In January, 1856, according to the reports of the
Navy Department, we had a total of six hundred
and forty-three guns afloat, including those of
our storeships which are not regarded as war
ships. We have, therefore, less guns afloat now
than we had in 1817 by forty-four, which is ex-
actly the complement of a first-ciass frigate.
In 1817 we had one gun afloat for every two
thousand eight hundred and forty-five tons of our
commerce. In 1856we have one gun for every eight
thousand one hundred and six tons of commerce;
so that, in the proportion of guns to commerce,
ye could., afford four times as much protection in
1817 to our merchant marine as now. This is
entirely exclusive, too, of the immense acquisi-
tion of sea-board which our nava^forces are called
upon to protect.
Since 1815, our merchant tonnage has trebled,
while, to protect it, we have forty-four guns
afloat less than at that time The result will
be more remarkable if we apply this calculation
to the sea-board. Great Britain s mercantile ton-
nage at this time is four millions four hundred and
twenty-three thousand and ninety-two, on the best
statistics that we can find—one million two hun-
dred and thirty-seven thousand one hundred and
forty-nine less than ours. Now, without finding
any precise statistics on this point, 1 will merely
observe here, volunteering the suggestion, that
this calculation is only approximately right. It
must vary somewhat,because, by an early act of
the present Q.ueen, the manner of calculating
mercantile tonnage in Great Britain is widely dif-
ferent from our own. They estimate, in single
as well as double-decked vessels, the actual ca-
pacity, and any particular vessel of theirs, would
hardly ton as much as a similar one of ours by
our system. Our tonnage, at all events, may be
set down at a million greater than theirs.
According to her Naval Register in 1856, Great
Britain has on her list six hundred and ninety-six
ships, carrying fourteen thousand nine hundred
ana twenty-two guns. Of these vessels, four
hundred and nineteen are steamers, carrying Your
thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven guns.
She has, therefore, fifty-three more vessels than
we have guns afloat. This is a condition of things
very well deserving our attention. While we have
one gun to protect every eiglit thousand one hun-
dred and six tons of our merchant tonnage, she
has twenty-two and five eighths guns to attack it.
This is the condition of our Navy with reference
to Great Britain's now, and this is the condition
of the commerce which our Navy would be culled
upon to protect, and her navy to attack. At the
recent review at Spithead, the accounts of which
Senators have all spen, she had two hundred and
forty ships of war, of various classes, in first rate
sea-going condition, in the very highest state of
discipline, ready to leave port, on fin emergency,
at an hour's notice. Of all those vessels, I believe
there were but two that were not steamers.
These steamers were of forty-five thousand horse
power, and carry thirty-three thousand seamen.
Our utmost complement now is seven thousand
five hundred. It appears from the evidence taken
before the Parliamentary committee on the Brit-
ish navy and enlistments, that, in 1848, before
the Eastern war began, and before preparation
had been, made for it, the*e were thirty-qine
thousand seaman and eight thousand marines in
the British navy, exclusive of her India navy,
which, by the bye, is not only a nursery for her
seamen, but a very important branch of her naval
service.
Mr. PUGH. Allow me to ask the Senator a
question. He has stated the number of ships and
the number of seamen. The question to which I
desire to direct his attention is, whether the
number of officers in the Navy is notgrossly dis-
proportionate to the number of ships, and grossly
disproportionate to the number of seamen ?
Mr MALLORY. If our officers in the Navy
were confined to our ships alone, and were all
regarded as fit for active duty every day on sea,
I am free to say there are more than the present
number of ships in the Navy demand; but the offi-
cers of our Navy are employed in various ways.
The coast survey employs a large portion of them.
I do not know the precise number, but there are
altogether perhaps one hundred doing this and
similar duty, familiarizing themselves with the
coasts of the country, surveying all the important
harbors, and becoming first-rate pilots; and in
our home squadrons, every coast survey officer
acquires, as a matter of course, information of the
first consequence to the naval defenses of the
country.
If, therefore, we were to confine our officers to
the active sea-going ships now in service, the
number would De disproportioned to the duty;
but the country has always looked to the officers
as a nucleus around which to expand tie Navy
a.t a breath. You may extend the ,Navy, if you
have officers possessing the proper professional
education, precisely as West Point, during the
Mexican war, sent its teachers and professors, in
the shape of its graduates, throughout the volun-
teer corps of the service, and leavened it with
military knowledge; and much of the success of
our volunteers in Mexico was owing to the scien-
tific attainments leavened by the influence of
West Point. We may supply a deficiency in
ships at a very short notice; but good sea officers
to command them are the results only of time
and careful training. In this view of the question,
the country has kept up the supply of naval offi-
cers beyond the active demand on sea for its lim-
ited ships, and has found duty for them in the
coast survey and elsewhere; and, for the same
reason, Congress has legislated them into the sea-
going ships chartered by the Government to carry
the mails.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to press my inquiry one
step further, for I desire to be informed on this
question. I see it stated, not only by the Senator
from Georgia, but in the report of the committee,
or at all events in a paragraph from a speech made
in the House of Representatives, quoted by the
committee, that a large number of officers in the
Navy have not been in service for many years;
that they have been at home on their farms and
plantations engaged in other pursuits; and I wish
to know what number of officers is appropriate
for the ships in service—sea-going snips and,
store-ships—and for the coast survey service, and
for the ships which we have ordered by the bill
passed at this session. I wish to know that, for
the purpose ofguiding my own judgment in voting
for or against the proposition of the Senator from
Georgia, to reduce the number of officers in the
service.
Mr. MALLORY. I have not in my mind now
the exact number of efficient ships in our service.
Of course the number is very limited, and the in-
terest of the country requires that they should be
increased. I should be opposed to any policy
which wo.uld increase or diminish the number of
officers as the ships might be diminished, wear
out, or become renewed from time to time. I
therefore cannot answer, precisely as the Senator
wishes it, how many officers are necessary to
man the efficient ships of the service,giving, as I
presume he wants me to give, the necessary reliefs,
and leaves of absence, to supply deficiencies, va-
cancies, &c. I am not able at this moment to
supply that, but I will obtain the Department's
views on the point for the Senator, if he desires iti'
Mr. TOOMBS. That is a question easily an-
swered. You can get at it mathematically by the
complement tables of the Navy, and the lists of
those who are afloat. Wc haye no w but eight thou-
sand seamen, according to the complement tables.
You cannot by possibility, if you put them in the
classes .required, employ more than eleven cap-
tains in the whole of our ships. If you wish to
employ more than that number of captains, you
must nave more seamen. We now have in the
service sixty-eight captains, of whom we employ
eleven with eight thousand seamen; and if you
were to employ thirty captains at the same ratio,
you would De compelled to increase the number
of seamen in the Navy to twenty-five thousand.
Mr. MALLORY. I think the Senator entirely
mistakes the character of the Navy when he says
that we can employ but eleven captains. There
is no law whatever that limits any particular
employment to any particular grade.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is a law in the statute-
bop,k declaring that a captain must be appointed
to a twenty-gun ship.
MALLORY. I know of no such law, but
I know very well that captains are employed on
twenty-gun ships.
IVJtr. TOOMBS. A twenty-gun ship is the
lowest command for a captain by law.
Mr. MALLORY. That is the smallest ship
in the service, and of course he cannot command
any smaller Que; but the inquiry of" my friend
from Ohio is limited to the number of officers for
legitimate duty. I believe he excludes duty at
navy-yards arm similar service.
Mr. PUGH. No, sir, I meant to include those
commands usually assigned to naval officers. I
wish to get at the number of officers doing no
duty from year to year, wh)f can be advantage-
ously put out of the Navy. I wish to know the
