1320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
from Kentucky-withdraw his motion, that I may
make one which I think will be more acceptable
to ail parties ?
Mr; CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee., I move that the
further consideration of this bill be postponed
until to-morrow, at half past twelve o 'clock, when,
by the understanding of the Senate, we can take
it up and dispose of it.
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection to that.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills of the Sen-
ate:
S. No. 98. An act to incorporate the St.Thomas
Literary Society in the District of Columbia.
S. No. 199. An act for the benefit of the He-
brew Congregation of the city of Washington.
S. No. 263. An act to transfer certain rights
and duties conferred upon the trustees of the town
of Vincennes, Indiana, to the common council
of the city of Yincenncs.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills:
An act for the relief of Langdon C. Easton,
assistant quartermaster in the United States
Army;
An actfur the relief of William At. P. Magraw:
and
An act for the relief ofJohn Ciawford,
The President pro tempore signed these bills.
S1ISSISSIPPI RIVER BILL VETO.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 14) to remo\e obstructions to navi-
gation in the mouth of the Mississippi river, at
the Southwest Pass and Pass a POutre, which had
been returned by the President of the United
States with his objections.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, it is a \ery un-
grateful office to be presenting nn nr<>umeut
against the recorded \otes of a majority of the
Senate upon any matter what' ver; but ft would
seem to be more ungrateful on one like this,
which enlists, to a very great extent, tholwnest
desire of Senators to carry into ellect a policy
such as thatwhieh thisbillisintended to promote1.
But however ungrateful the oilier, it is required j
of us under a constitutional sanction, and m the |
discharge of a constitutional duty.
The bill before the Senate is one that has
been returned by the President, to wluch he has
refused his approbation; ami the Constitution
requires that, m such a ease, the [louse m which
it originated shall lceonNider the vote by which
it was passed, and shall record their vote of re-
consideration upon the Journal by yeas and navs.
This is a bill which involves a very grave and
momentous power of the Government; grave,
because the principal opposition to it i«s on the
ground that it has no warrant in the law of the
Constitution—momentous, because, if the policy
which it inaugurates shall be adopted by the Gov-
ernment, it will become a source of endless ex-
penditure, if not of actual scramble amongst the
several States to get at the public money.
The bill provides that the sum of $3.'iU,000 shall
be appropriated to deepen the channel at the
mouth of the Mississippi rivcv—"for the opening
and keeping open ship channels of .sufficient ca-
pacity to accommodate the wants of commerce
through the Southwest Pass and Pass a POutre
leading from the Mississippi river, into the Gulf of
Mexico;" and it further requires that " the Sec-
retary of War shall make a report at the next
session of Congress of the expenditure of the
money, together with an estimate of the annual
cost of keeping said channels open."
According to my recollection—-if I am wronir
Senators will correct mc—this bill originated in
the Senate, and as it passed the Senate°it appro-
priated the sum of $630,000. In the other House
that sum was reduced by nearly one half, and it
was parsed by the House, sanctioning an apnro-
priation of only ^330,000. It provides that'this
$330,000 shall be expended in opening the chan-
nel mentioned in the bill, and in keeping it open;
and it is prospective, requiring an estimate from
the Secretary of War, of the amount necessary
to keep the channel open when it is made. It
proposes, therefore, a continuous work, and we
are authoiized to believe, nay, we must believe,
from the tenor of the bill, that the work will be
useless when it is done, unless some provision
is made to keep it open.
I confess, sir, I feel gratified that the President
of the United States deemed it to be his constitu-
tional duty to send this bill back to Congress;
first, because its effect, I hope, may be to prevent
the bill from becoming a law; certainly, it will
be to arrest the public attention, to direct the in-
telligence of the people of this country to the
character of the appropriation, the constitutional
power to make it, and the consequences which
must ensue if this policy become a permanent
one on the part of the Government.
The bill has been defended, in the course of a
discursive debate—discursive so far, at least, as
regards those who sustain the bill—chiefly by
referring the power to make this appropriation to
that authority which is vested in Congress k< to
declare war,"' although the bill speaks for itself,
that it is of no military character whatever, but
is simply intended to promote commerce. It is
styled, in the general nomenclature of the coun-
try, as a measure of internal improvement, and
is placed amongst that class of powers unknown
to the Constitution—certainly unknown to the
letter of the Constitution—by which some have
contended that authority is given to Congress to
originate and construct, at the public expense,
what an; called woiks of internal improvement.
It is one of a great class of powers, all coming
fiom that fruitful womb—the capital, the com-
merce, and the iieneral business of the country.
It is m strict affiliation with two other gfeat meas-
ures which, for a long time, distracted and divided
the public councils of the country—two of which
(fortunately,as I conceive, for the integrity of the
Constitution) have been ultimately frowned into
oblivion, if not disgrace, by the intelligence of the
Amei ican people.
The three ereat, measures to which I allude
wen1 a Hank of the United Slates, a tariff for pro-
tection, and the power to expend the public money
for internal improvements. They are affiliated
measures: they spring from the same source, and
have the sani" ends and objects m view. They
have been % indicated, not as powers expressly
granted by the Constitution, but each one of them
as powers derivatne, because, as it was alleged,
they were necessary to carry into tlicet some
express power.
The Panic of the United States had its day. It
was sustained by a party in this country mighty
in intellect and talent, and potent in wealth. It
died under the executive veto, and amidst throes
that convulsed tlw country; but, as it is said now
by those who were once the friends of such a
measure, it has become an obsolete idea. Why?
Jjecause, {iithouglnuguments have been made upon
the iloor of tin* Senate within the last twenty years
to establish the opinion that a Bank of the United
States was as necessary to the business of the
country, as coin was to effect exchanges; although
it was sought to be established as a maxim of
Government that we could not get along without
a bank having agencies throughout the country;
yet experience, I think, has now shown that all
the great exchanges of the country (which it was
said tins bank was indispensable to effect) have
flowed into the ordinary channels of comni'Tc:
and business, and are better managed and better
conducted by the private agencies of the States
than ever they were under the control of this
mammoth bank. But yet that was one of those
great questions denounced at one time by a most
illustrious and distinguished Senator from Ken-
tucky on this floor, as wandering through the
Constitution in search of some vagrant power
there to sustain it. The Bank of the United
States, I suspect—without claiming to be a proph-
et, I may say—has passed into oblivion, if not
into disgrace, in the minds of the American
people.
The next great measure was that of a tariff for
protection, sustained by influences of the same
character—I mean the great moneyed influences
of the country, which are chiefly engaged in
the foreign and domestic commerce of the country;
those influences which command the conccntrated
capital of the country, and which are always am-
bitiously and restlessly at work to promote their
own gains, I rather fear sometimes at the expense
of constitutional power. How has it fared with
the tariff forprotection ? Thatconvulsed the coun-
try; it drove one of the States almost to the verge
of secession, under the consciousness that the
people of the planting States were oppressed by
the exactions of the commercial power, exercis-
ing what was not warranted by the Constitution.
But the manufacturing interest was clamorous
everywhere, and tie banking and commercial
interests went with it, seeking to establish a
policy upon this country of class legislation, try-
ing to impress upon the American mind the belief
that the revenue power of the Government was
to be used for the purpose of protecting and fos-
tering one class of industry, regardless of the
other classes. How has that fared? We have,
after a succession of years, been fortunate enough
to arrive (as I think I may assume to be the
present established policy of the country) at the
conclusion that a healthful and legitimate reve-
nue is a levenue for the ordinary economical
suppoit of the Government, and for nothing else
—a revenue partaking of the legitimate character
of taxation. And what is taxation ? Taxation,
as I conceive it—fair and legitimate taxation—is
nothing more than the contribution which the
citizen pays for the support of the Government
that protects him witlnn the pale of the govern-
mental power. Every farthing which is taken
beyond that is taken without authority of law,,
under the exercise of some illegitimate power.
I think 1 may assume,then,as theprescnt estab-
lished policy of the country, that a tariff for pro-
tection has passed into the category of things
that were; and that the American mind now
believes the only legitimate purpose of revenue
is for the suppoit of the Government alone in a
fair and economical expenditure.
What is now left of these thice great affiliated
questions ? This alleged power to use the pub!ic
money for purposes of internal improvement.
The bill which is before us, upon its face, claims
as the power authorized to pass it some power
in the Constitution to further, foster, or increase
the commerce of the country. The recital in the
bill is that the work is to be done *' to accommo-
date the wants of commerce" at the mouth of the
Mississippi river. The bill has been returned
to us by the Piesident with Ins objections. It is
: the first of a class of measures, some of which
have passed, and others are upon your table. 1
caused sometime ago a list to be taken from the
Calendar, that we might see what bills were before
the Senate, of this character—I know not what
may be before the other House. It is dated on
the llth of April last. The present bill had then
passed, carrying with it an appropriation of
^630,000 to open this channel for the wants of
i eommorce; but there remained upon the Calendar
I fifty-four bills involving an expenditure of over
\ $1,108,000. Adding those which had passed, four
! in number, the appropriation was swelled to
j $3,733,000. It is about ^'2,500,000 now, the
! House of Representatives having taken $300,000
| from this bill as it passed the Senate.
When this statement was brought to me by
the Secretary of the Senate, who, at my request,
kindly diew it from the Calendar, it presented
[ itself to my eye as a scramble—actually a scramble
; to get af the public money for the purposes of
los al expenditure. The Slate represented by my
distinguished friend from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
has eleven bills in this list, with one which had
already passed, making twelve, asking for an
appropriation, together, of some half a million of
dollars. The statement is as follows:
Appropriations proposed to be made for the improve;,icnt
of rivers and harbors by the bills on the Calendar. April
11, 18.36.
Xn-nher
States. of lulls for Amount.
+ eack Slate.
Mamr     1 $73,000 00
Vermont  3 'SQMQ 00
Massachusetts  2 80,000 00
Now Yoik    7 lli'hOOO 00
Pennsylvania  l 25,0u0 00
New Jcr&ev  ] 25.000 00
Delaware  3 145,000 00
^ouih Carolina  i 59J)00 00
Ohio  s . mO'JO 00
himana  1 19,000 GO
Illinois  3 105,000 00
Michigan   11 3d0.000 00
Wisconsin     •. 5 60
Arkan&as    .... 1 40.000 00
Iowa    1 lo^OOO 00
