594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Mr. JONES. If no time be fixed to which
postponement is to be made, cannot its consider-
ation be called up at any time as a question of
privilege ? ♦
The SPEAKER. It can.
Mr. JONES. Perhaps the postponement had
better be until Tuesday next.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am perfectly willing to
accept the motion of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,} as a modification of the one
which I have submitted. In reply to "what the
gentleman from Tennessee has just said, I will
etate that some members of the Committee of
Elections, who feel themselves to be booked up
in this question, desire to speak to-morrow be-
fore they leave the city. Of course, if others are
unprepared to speak to the question, they can
then make what arrangements may suit them.
Inasmuch as gentlemen of the oemmittce, for the
reason I have stated, desire to address the House
to-morrow, I prefer to retain the terms of my origi-
nal motion.
Mr. JONES. Monday will be resolution day,
and I therefore move that the further considera-
tion of the subject be postponed until Tuesday
next. I do not think that members can get the
reports, and carefully and properly examine them
in time to enter into the discussion of them on
the morrow. If one or two members have been
fortunate enough to examine the question thor-
oughly in committee, and are prepared for its dis-
cussion now, it may be well that some answer to
the arguments made on either side may go to the
country at the same time. I think it is nothing
but fair and just that the further consideration of
these reports should be postponed until Tuesday
next. The members will then have an opportu-
nity of seeing all the papers in print, and of ex-
amining them; and they will come here fully pre-
pared to debate the subject.
Mr. BOYCE. Is argument on the question in
order on a motion to postpone?
The SPEAKER. The merits of the question
are not open to discussion on a motion to post-
pone.
Mr. BOYCE. I move to lay the majority re-
port on the table; and on that motion 1 claim the
floor to discuss the question.
The SPEAKER. ~
not in order.
Mr. BOYCE. Then I move that the further
consideration of the subject bo indefinitely post-
poned.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone to
a day ecrtain takes precedence of amotion to post-
pone indefinitely.
Mr. BOYCE. Then I wish to discuss the ques-
tion anyhow.
The SPEAKER. The question to be first put
is on the motion to postpone the further consid-
eration of the subject until Tuesday next.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me, so that the question may bo taken oil
the motion ordering the reports from the com-
mittee to he printed. Every member is desirous
of having the documents in print and before him
as soon as possible.
Mr. BOYCE. Mr. Speaker, I have listened
with a great deal of interest to the report which
has come from the majority of the Committee of
Elections, and I must confess that I have heard
nothing which would induce me to adopt their
recommendation. When this matter was up the
other day, I was very much gratified to find what
I considered a conservative indication on the part
of the House, that it was not prepared to go 
Mr. HICKMAN. I nse to a question of order.
Is this discussion in order, as the question now
stands ?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
inasmuch as the question is now on the post-
ponement until Tuesday next, it is not in order
to debute the merits of the reports from the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Does the Chair decide
that it is not in order to move to postpone indef-
initely ?
The SPEAKER. After the question has been
taken on the motion to postpone to a day certain,
it will be in orderto move to postpone indefinitely.
A motion to postpone to a day certain has prece-
dence of a motion to postpone indefinitely.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The question, I under-
stand, is always put first on the furthest time;
that is an invariable rule. If the Chair makes the
decision which I have stated, I want the House
to pass on the question. I intend to appeal from
that decision—not because I am in favor of the
motion, fox; I am not; I am in favor of discussion;
but I wish the point to be now settled.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Hickman] moved, that the further consider-
ation of the subject be postponed until to-morrow,
at one o'clock. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] moved, as an amendment, that the
postponement be until Tuesday next, at one
o'clock. The question being raised, the Chair
decided that the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Boyce] could not discuss the merits of the
contested-election case on a motion to postpone.
Mr. RICHARDSON. X understood that the
gentleman from South Carolina moved an indefi-
nite postponement. The longest time is the first
question put; and the motion to indefinitely post-
pone is the first motion to be put. So I under-
stand the rule; and such is the rule of all parlia-
mentary bodies.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the gentleman from
South Carolina yields me the floor to have the
question taken on the motion to print, and the
question is afterwards taken on the motion to post-
pone until to-morrow, he will then have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Illinois to raise aquestionof order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no disposition
to press the question now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Georgia desires to make a motion, I will
withdraw the one which I made.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the majority
and minority reports be printed; and that the
further consideration of the subject be postponed
until to-morrow, at one o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That is precisely as the
question now stands.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to my friend from Georgia m regard to the
printing. The suggestion is, that twenty thou-
sand extra copies of the reports be printed.
Mr. STEPHENS. Amotion of that kind will
go to the Committee on Printing. I want the
other question taken first.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia is not in order until the other
motion is disposed of.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hick-
man's motion; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the further consideration of the subject was
postponed until to-morrow, at one o'clock; and
the reports were ordered to be printed.
Mr. LETCHER. I now offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That twenty thousand extra copies of the ma-
jority and minority loports, with the accompany nig papers,
be punted together for the use of the membeis of this llouse.
The resolution was referred, under the rules,
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
THE PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Mace in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first busi-
ness m order was the consideration of the Presi-
dent's annual message.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to take
up House bill No. 70. It is the pension bill, and
is short.
Mr. GROW. Am I not entitled to the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is "entitled to the floor
upon the President's annual message.
Mr. GROW. I desire to speak upon that mes-
sage at this time, and I hope the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will allow me to
proceed now. I yielded to him the other day,
and he, as well as every other member of this
House, is aware of the inconvenience of being
kept out of a speech for so long a time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman's speech
is spoiling by delay, I will not interpose.
Mr. GROW. It is spoiled already.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I yield; but at the end of
the gentleman's hour, I shall move to take up some
of these small appropriation bills.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I desire to state that I
have paired off with Mr. Thurston on the slavery
and Kansas questions.
Mr. GROW then addressed the committee for
one hour upon the Kansas question. His speech
is withheld for revision, and -will be published
in the Appendix.
Mr. CADWALADER obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will allow me to take up two short
appropriation bills, with the understanding that
he will be entitled to the floor.
Mr. CADWALADER. I do not wish to
yield the floor, lest 1 should lose my right to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the committee
will consent to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
getting the floor in the morning.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania yields the floor to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, to make a mo-
tion to take up these bills, he [Mr. Cadwalader]
will be entitled to the floor whenever the com-
mittee resumes the consideration of the Pres-
ident's message.
Mr. CADWALADER. I have no desire to
embarrass any current business which the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means may
wish to introduce. But I desire it to be under-
stood, as a matter notonly of comity, but a matter
of right, that this debate is not to be suspended
by anything which will involve time or opposi-
tion, so that the Committee of the Whole on the
President's message—instead of being postponed
for a week, as has recently been the case—shall
be resumed in time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. To-morrow morning.
Mr. CADWALADER. Under these circum-
stances, sir, it being understood that I will claim
the floor, I am glad to accommodate the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does my friend from Penn-
sylvania prefer to go on this evening or in the
morning ?
Mr. CADWALADER. It is perfectly alike
to me. I am ready to go on now.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It will not take half an
hour to pass these bills. T now move, Mr.
Chairman, to take up House bill No. 70.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania has the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understood him to yield
the floor to me, with the general consent that he
is to have the floor to-morrow morning.
Mr. CADWALADER. I ask the question,
whether, in case the consideration of the report
of the Committee of Elections, postponed till one
o'clock to-morrow, should be taken up, the day
will not be so consumed, 1 would lose the floor?
Several Members. Yes.
Mr. CADWALADER then addressed the com-
mittee for an hour in reply to Mr. Grow. His
speech will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. BRENTON obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Indiana to yield me the floor, in order
that I may have taken up and considered one or
two small appropriation bills, to which 1 think
there will be no objection.
Mr. BRENTON. The remarks which I wish
to make are in reference to the President's mes-
sage. They will be confined to it; and, if it be
the understanding that, when the committee re-
sumes the consideration of that message, I shall
be entitled to the floor, I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio for the purpose specified.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will then
be entitled to the? floor.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to take up House
bill No. 70, making appropriations for the pay-
ment of invalid and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending the 30th of June, 1857.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the first read-
ing of the bill be dispensed with, and that the
Clerk proceed to read by clauses for amendment.
There was no objection; and it was agreed to
accordingly.
