Mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
them familiar with the navigation and dangers within their
fcstjeetivecruismg districts, and that the humane designs
contemplated by Congress would be accomplished most
efficiently,'as welt as economically, by them.
, It is believed that this hazardous service has been per-
formed by^those officers zealously, and with as much suc-
cess as the very limited means placed at their command
would permit. Indeed, the public journals afford conclu-
"tiVje evidence of their exertions, as well as the hardships
*fti£y have encountered, in eariywg aid and succor to the
"idv^essed mariner, and to the helpless passengers commit-
ted to his charge. '
The great increase of commerce at New York, the in-
■ creased tonnage of vessels engaged in eommeicial pursuits,
■ dim the substitution of steam upon many routes, preclude
possibility of any sailing cutter affording that protection
to the revenue Required by Taw, or" to board and examine"
& tithe of the vessels arriving at that port; while their small
dimensions, and th'e fact of then being propelled by canvas
Jalone, render them unequal to the task of aifording that
relief to vessels which Congress designed — paitieulaily m
cages of great emergency. During the seventy of wmfer,
WsSels, on approaching the coast, are ftequemly rendered
ffrftrianageable by the accumulation of ice upon the decks
iiad rigging, to that extent that the first seveic gale from the
jvestwaid, and off the land, drives them a^amtosea—their
crews exhausted by cold and fatigue, and, in many in~
Ijtaftces, reduced to the last extiemity for want of provisions.
--As your committee are credibly informed, there are now
Upwards of one hundred vessels homeward bound, many
.©fthem with valuable caigoes, and canymgnmncrous pas-
sengers, over due at New York; and as the present mouth
(March) is regarded as one of the most boisterous upon the
northern coast, much additional loss and suifenng may be
reasonably anticipated, which might be avoided, paiually
at least, if the proper means vveiQ at hand. The amount of
pecuniary loss at the port of New York readied, in the your
5654-53, the enormous sum of $10,000,1)00; from which
fget the sum lost to the revenue, and the saciifioc of life,
Tifcay^e readily imagined.
1' This subject is one, not of local mtere>t, but of general
importance to the whole country—-New York being the
principal point from which the great avenues of commerce
tmd of travel radiate. Reaching the e vti eme west, the eotu-
Tmefcialinterests of that region arc numcdmtely involved
in the queMion. Many of theenteipriMiii* mcichants of the
interior cities importing their meidiamine direct fioui all
quarters of the globe, have an immediate pecumaiy imeiest
in the efficacy ot the r-crviee ; and most assuredly all sec-
tions of the country have a mutual intei vat in the preserva-
tion of human hie, the loss of winch, resulting from the
efranding of the ships Mexico, Uiistol, New Kia,and Pow-
hatan, with the brigs Due do Bra^au^a and C. Maker,
"amounted to fully one thousand.
' From the statistics furnished by the boaidof underwriter,
1t appears that the most disastrous shipwrecks, attended b>
the" greatest sacrifice of human life, occur upon the eoa-t*
W liong Inland and New Jersey, and within a hue dtawn
tfom Montauk Point to Ravnegat, and extended thence to
•Crfye Way, but chiefly between the two points fit ft named.
Along the whole line, no harbor of refuge oilers itself to
those vessels arrested on the hong Island sulchysoutheilv,
and on that of New Jersey hy se\eie easterly, gale^. Tin*
Ifne is traveled hy all the largo p,linger vo-ncW hound to
New York, and by man) hound to I he Delaware hay during
mhny months.
' Thousands of then j>a*sengeis and ctt\v« have pcihhed
within those limits, for want of that prompt and efficient
Hid icquiicd by law.
It is represented that vessels frequently, nfler ajtpioach-
ing the land, arc overtaken by the <mdd.ni -tocm*- w Inch oc-
cur during the wmter months, blowing dneeily on siiore,
tthd maybe seen sttuggling to obtain an ufling-— unsueeess-
fif! in which, a total loss is tlic nu citable ic-nlt.
" No sailing cutter can approach them ; but it is believed
that a steamer would insuie their sileiy. In othei eases,
vessels are reported as having In en pa^efl ,tt sea m a do-
ubled condition, and in all j-'u< h nistan -es n <teamoi only
can afford the tequiHto a^i-tanee.
'From the stain-ties refei red to, it appear* that, m the dis-
asters which have occuued recently within the above lim-
its, property to the amount of j^.OOO.UOO has been de .tioved,
Wic duties upon which would amount to $r>00,Ub0. This
result is obtained by mere reference to a lew of the most
important cases.
The interests of Government, the pre^etvation of piop-
erty in which the Government has an immediate inteic^t,
aird the cause of humanity, do. m the opinion of > our com-
mittee, leqmre that prompt attention should be given to tin*
subject; and, in tin* view, your committee recommend the
passage of the accompanying lull, a*- a measure n«:ce*saiy
to carry out the requirement* of the law betoio leforred to.
Mr. McMULLtN. Now. Mr. Speaker, I beg
the House to remember that if yon pans this bill
to-night, it will be the entering wedge which will
determine the policy of the Government. You
wiil have set a precedent to-night which you will
be called on to follow up for every port in the
country. And again, neither your Secretary of
the Navy, nor the Serretaiy of War, nor any oilier
head of Depai tmenl, has aslo-d for (las extraordi-
nary appropriation; and tbereis no argument upon
which I can understand the vote of this House
in passing this lull, unless it h that Xew York is
the great national funnel through which all our
appropriations mustpass. Whenever a bill comes
up for the benefit of that city, a sufficient num-
ber of members is drawn around it to insure its
passage; but, sir, I ask this House to pause be-
fore they initiate this system of legislation by the
passage of the bill before us. I ask if it is pioper
chat we shoulil.be called upon, at this stage of the
session, to set this extraordinary example. I ask
the House whether they are prepared to act upon
this report of the Committee on Commerce, based I
not upon a correct statement of facts. 11 the facts
stated in that report were the true statement of
facts, it would have been the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to have presented them to
Congress; but, sir, this progressive committee—
this enlightened Committee on Commerce—have
taken it upon themselves to override the recom-
mendations of the Secretary of the Treasury;
and we are now called upon to pass a bill, upon
this Sabbath morning, involving an expenditure
of $150,000, upon the mere recommendation of
this committee. Sir, again I call upon the House
to pause and reflect a moment before they pass
this bill; for, sir, I repeat that, if we pass it, we
shall be called upon to follow it up by similar
appropriations for Boston, for Philadelphia, for
Baltimore, and for everjiother port of entry in
the country. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until the second Tuesday
in December next.
Mr. PELTON. Mr. Speaker, I had not in-
tended, at this late hour of the session, to occupy
the time and attention of the House a single
moment upon this bill, as its simplicity and im-
portance, not only to the great commercial inter-
ests which I in part represent, but to the whole
country, and to the Government itself, is so ap-
parent that I did not conceive it necessary. I had
hoped and believed that the measure, sir, would
have received, as it ought, the unanimous appro-
bation of every gentleman here. I desire to sub-
mit a very few remarks upon this subject in reply
to the honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
McMulun,] who lias declaimed so vehemently
against the passage of the bill, simply because it
iff an innovation upon a plan that was adopted
sixty years ago, and a substitution of a steam for
a sailing revenue cutler. Pie seems to have en-
tirely forgotten that our commerce has, in the
mean time, increased five hundred fold,and utterly
ignored the fact, that steamers have, to a great
extent, been substituted for sailing vessels ill our
ocean and coastwise trade.
I apprehend, sir, that, if the gentleman had
carefully listened to the reading of the report
which has been read, he would nothavc made the
remarks which have fallen from his lips.
The object of tliie bill is simply to provide a
revenue steamer to take the place of the sailing
vessel now employed by the Government at the
portof New York, which, asgentlcmen are prob-
ably aware, in construction, is similar to those
employed in J 798, and is totally inadequate to the
performance of those duties now required by the
increasing demands of commcrce at that port.
They are low vessels, having their decks only
two or three feet above the water line, drcp-
waisted, and unable to carry three boats outside,
or to get them out except m moderate weather.
They have no capacity for storing any supplies
of provisions, water, or other necessary articles,
beyond what are absolutely necessary for the
consumption of their own crews; and any ordi-
nary coasting craftaresupeiior to them in sailing
except in moderate weather and smooth water.
They are adapted exclusively to the navigation
of our bays and rivers, where they may find
shelter on the occurrence of tempestuous weather.
Their decks are so low that in cold weather they
soon become burdened with ice, rendering them
unmanageable; and when other vessels can ap-
proach the land with safety, they are compelled
to avoid it, in consequence of their inability to
woik oil', if caught with the wind blowing hard
on siiore. And, sir, when a revenue cutter is
most required for the relief of vessels in distress
upon the coasts adjacent to the harbor of New
"lork, it is entirely inadequate and powerless,
from its being a sailing vessel, and of small capa-
city, to render ally efficient aid. It is unnecessary
to say to gentlemen that no marine service requires
greater facilities for swift operation than does the
revenue cutter service. And, sir, so far as this
department is concerned, the propelling power of
steam, as applied to vessels, might as well never
have been brought to light, or to use, if we are
compelled to cling to that old system for which
my honorable friend from Virginia manifests so
much affection.
A steam revenue cutter is indispensable at New
York to the execution of the revenue laws, and
would be greatly auxiliary to the maintenance of
the neutrality laws. It is a part of the legitimate
service of the revenue cutter, and its officers are
required by the Department to lend their aid in
rescuing vessels in distress. With the present
facilities, as I have stated.it is powerless, but
with a steamer it could subserve governmental,
local, and private interests, as well as the interests
of humanity. The rescue of a single vessel.from
destruction, aside from saving scores and perhaps
hundreds of our fellow-beings from an ocean
burial, might also save the national treasury an
amount in duties sufficient to cover every expense
of its construction and equipment. Reasons of
economy therefore demand that Congress should
take prompt action in this matter. The losses
by revenue alone upon cargoes, swallowed up
by the ocean would compensate thrice over for
the expenditure which this remedial measure
would require. So the Federal Treasury would
derive a profit rather than sustain a loss by sta-
tioning a steam revenue cutter at our port. All
the great and varied interests of the General Gov-
ernment are inseparably connected with the port
of New York. It is the great source of tariff
income; and New York, without regard to the
mere question of profit and class, has a claim upon
the Government, and it is the duty of that Gov-
ernment to protect and foster its every interest, so
far as it can do so without prejudicing the interests
of any other locality. ^
The gentleman from Virginia'inquires, "Who
asks for the construction of this revenue steamer?"
I will answer the gentleman that this is a subject in
which the whole community, every New Yorker,
every family in New York, is deeply interested.
The merchants of the city of New York ask for
it. The newspaper press, which is the voice of
the whole people,ask forit. The interests of the
whole commerce of the country, and the appeals
of common humanity, to which I trust an Ameri-
can Congress will never turn a deaf car, impera-
tively demand it. Notwithstanding the import-
ance of it to the Government in protecting its
revenue, and for the maintenance ofits neutrality
laws, and in preventing the departure of vessels
intended for the slave trade, New York asks for
the construction of this steamer, not from pecu-
niary considerations alone, but for the preserva-
tion of human life and property so frequently
sacrificed to a frightful extent, almost at the very
entrance to the port of New York, involving fre-
quently, during a single winter, a loss of five mil-
lions of dollars to our commerce, and five hundred
thousand dollars to the revenue of the country;
and strewing the whole beach with the wrecks of
shipping, and the remains of hundreds of their
unfortunate passengers and crews.
We ask, then, sir, simply that there may be
constructed a steam revenue cuttcr of sufficient
capacity and power to contend with the storms,
and convey succor and relief to distressed vessels,
their passengers, and crews; or, in other words,
that facilities may be provided to carry out the
humane designs of the Government, as expressed
by act of Congress, approved December 22,1837,
wherein the President of the United States is
empowered " to cause any suitable number of
public vessels, adapted to the purpose, to cruise
upon the coast in the severe portion of the sea-
son, when the public service will allow, and to
afford such aid to distressed navigators as theii-
eircumslances may require;" and it was added,
" such vessels shall go to sea fully prepared to
render such assistance." Subsequently to the
passage of this act, ail act was passed annulling
the authority of the President, and providing that
no revenue cutter or revenue steamer should be
built or purchased, unless an appropriation be
first made by law; and it is in consequence of this
restriction that the memorialists have made then-
appeal direct to Congress.
Mr. Speaker, the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia is not content with attacking the hill itself.
Had hiseloqueiit denunciations stopped with that,
I should have been satisfied to have suffered them
to remain unanswered. He protests most vehe-
mently and dolorously against inaugurating any
new system, however much it may be required,
because it is new, and because it may bean inno-
vation upon an old system, tie warns us, in
prophetic language, that if we build a revenue
steamer for New York, thatit will bo the " enter-
ing wedge" for their establishment at all of oar
principal ports. But all 1 have to say to that is,
