1S56.
TliE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2105
if they an. required as much at other ports as
they are at A'e w Yoi'k, I trust that they may have
them, and my vote would be most cheerfully
given fur that purpose. I freely admit the force
of piecedents, and am willing to be governed by
them, provided they are good ones; but I cannot
turn aside with the gentleman to denounce a new
measure, simply because it is different from that
which has been employed for fifty or one hundred
yeais. I have no doubt that the sailing revenue
cutters of the same description as the one now
used answered a very good purpose in 1798, and
that they accomplished all the purposes for which
they were intended: but the question which we
have to consider is, are they effective now? I
speak for the port of New York, and in favor of
the passage of ibis bill, when I say that our pres-
ent revenue cutter is next to being entirely use-
less, and wholly inadequate to accomplish the
purposes for which it was originally intended.
But the honorable gentleman turns his thoughts
away from the consideration of the bill, and, with
evident pan), fixes his eyes upon the city of New
York, and asks you, sir, and the House, if that
city is to be the funnel through which all the ap-
propriations of the Government are to pass ? Let
me ask, is the gentleman jealous of the growth of
the city of New York r Is he afraid of its intel-
ligence, in wealth, and its enterprise? Would
his unaccountable devotion to old and effete meas-
ures, and his fondness for treading 111 the path in
which his grandfather trod, induce the wish that
New York should retrograde or remain station-
ary? Would he withhold all governmental sup-
port from it because the enterprise of its citizens
has bound the remote portions of our country to
it by railroads and telegraphs, and because it is the
great commercial emporium of a continent?
But, sir, I submit that the question does injus-
tice both to the gentleman's intelligence and to
his liberality. I ask him, what aipropnations
have been made during the present Oougiess for
tile1 city of New ork r Let him look over our
Journal, and scan the millions that have been
appropriated to different portions of the country.
Up to this hour not one dollar has been appro-
priated to New York. And now, Mr. Speaker,
the merchants of that city, who pay into your
national Treasury nearly two thirds of your en-
tire revenue, simply ask of Congress this appro-
priation for the protection of the property of the
whole country—of their property, of your prop-
erty, and for the preservation of human life. I
demand the previous question 011 the passage of
the bill. .
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put, being upon the
passage of the bill.
Mr. McMULUN. What has become of the
motion to postpone?
The SPEAKER. The previous question cuts
off the motion to postpone.
The question was taken; and it was decided ill
the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 49; as follows:
YKAS— Mespr-.. Rail, Baibour, Henry Bennett, Benson,
liillmcliumt, lhrfhop, i 11r-, Howie, Biad^liaw, Btaneii,
Bienton. Bloom, ISuffintou. C.idwalader, James .'!■ Camp-
bell, LcwtiS D. Campiietl, Uliaiiee, E/aa Ci.irk, C'lawhun,
Colfax, Comins, Co\ode, CuHen, Cuinbaek, i\irnrell,
Timothy Davi-=? Dean, Denver, Dickson, Dodrf^ Durteo,
EdwauK Eustis, Evan-,, Faulkner. Fhi«ter, Violence,
Ilenrv W- Fuller, Gailowav, Guiding, Gilbeit, l<ran<*ei,
Kobeit B. Hath J. Mo,iwm Ilam-, Haven, Herbert, ll'ck-
nuui, Hoffman'. floilowuy, Thomas R. Iloiton. Valentine
B. Horton, Howard, Ilunhstori, Kelly, Kel*e\. Kipt, knapn,
Knight, iviiowlton, Knox, KtmKei, Maee, Alexander lv.
Mart-hall, Matte^on, McCartv, Kilhan Miller, Mdhv.ud,
Morgan, Moirill, Molt, Muuay, \ichols Noito . Patkei,
Peaice, Peek, Peiton, Pennington, Peiry, Pettit. Prm-ile,
Rivers, Robert*, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Sneed. Spinner.
Stanton. Stranahun. Tappan, Taylor. Thonnmon, Thurs-
ton Todd, Tvson, Undeiwood. V ail, \ alk, \\ ade, U axe-
man, Walbmlge, IValdion. Walker, Cadwaladei C. VVa>h-
bunte, Elhhu B. Wi^liliume, 3-tarl W^hbum. W.-kh,
Wells Wheeler. Whitney, Williams, Wood, Voodtun,
Woodworth, and ZolhcorFer—lib.
NAYfcJ— Me^*. Aiken, Baiksdalc. Hendley S. Lemiett,
Bocock. IJoyee, Burnett. Ca-kie, Cliusman, \\ ilhatn-on it.
W. Cobb, Cox. Ediuundson. Elliott. Kmrio. Thomas J. D.
Quitman. Ilieaud, Ruftn, Hust, bandidge. Sava^, tfcott,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith. Swopo, J'albott. fnppe,
"Wimlow, and John Y. Wnglit—W-
So the bill was passed.
Pending the above call,
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, stated tW lift had
piuved off with Mr. Barbour.
Mr. PELTON moved to reconsider tie vote
by wliich the bill was passed: and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
improvement of des moines rapids.
Mr. KNOX, by unanimous consent, offered j
the following' resolution; which was read, con-j
sidered, and adopted: I
Resolved. That the Ch'rk of the Hou^o of* itcpiesentafives !
be directed to piemen* to th^ Secretary of State the aet  >n- j
titled c> An act for continuing the improvement ot' the Des '
Momes. Rapids, in the Mi^isMppt river," together with the \
eertuleates of the Clerk of the House of Hepresentatives ,
and the Secretary of the Senate, showing that the said act .
wa,- parsed by a vote of two thuds of both Houses of Con- t
gi Cr.", after the objection- of the Pi evident thereto Juid been J
recen ed. and attei the i proliferation ot s-aid art by both ;
fioiu-cs ofConcre--., m accordance wilii the Conr-tmmon. 1
Mr. .TONESj of Tennessee, (at half post one J
o'clock, a. m.,) moved that the House adjourn. j
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 49, noes ,
80. |
georgh t. avhittisgton. j
Mr. RIOAUD. I offer the following resolution: !
Pt'snb'dl. That th" Clerk of the JTous-e be d nee ted to pay
to Georsre T. Whittington. a-M-ta-it superintendent of the
document loom. tlie '-aim- eonip"ii-aaon that i- now paid
tli.* s-uperintt'iideut of the uouiiik ii; l oom. <_omiiienci!ii>
with the pioent ses-ion ot'(.'on;'i->-
Mr. JON£-S„ of Tennessee. 3 object.
Mr. PdC.ALTD. T move to suspend the rules
in order that I may introduce the resoluiion.
Mr. JOISXS, ofTcnnc&set.. I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. JSMlTil, of Virginia. 1 call for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays weie not oidcred.
The rules were suspended.
Mr. R1CAUI3. I call for tlie previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question wa-? seconded; and the
mam question was ordered to he put.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 would like to knov.- what
is the present salary ot'tins olTicerr
The SPKAlvEIl. Debate is not in order.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. IilCAUD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the le-solution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to n consider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS II. BA1RD.
Mr. KNIGHT. I move that, there be taken
from the Speaker's table, and pat on its passage,
a lull (S. Xo. 43$) for the leiief of Thomas li.
Boird. It js a bill from the Coin t of Ciaims.
Objection was made.
Mi. Kx\TIGIiT. X move to suspend the rules
fer the purpose of having that bill acted on.
Mr. GOODE (at a quarter to two o'clock,
a. m.) moved that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, callcd for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 72, nays 1)7; as follows:
YKArf — Messrs. Jleniy Bennett, Rliss, Roeock, Boyee,
Bienton, Brooks, i>urm-it, Ca-.Kie, C/,,a Clark, Claw^un,
Clubman, Col(a\, (hru-ie, Cnlh-iu Dnn.rcli, I)( nn, JJnrioe,
Rlholt, Kv-an^. fc'lairler^Galloway, (/oude, (ir«ingei, Gti w,
KobeitB. Halk liailau, J. Mouisou liarus, liaven, lierbeit,
Iloilnian, Ilollowav, Valentino R. Uoiton, Houston, Geoifre
W. Jone-', J. Glaney Jones, Keilv, Ke^ev, Kmc. Knox,
KunKel. Lake, Li-tchei, sJvunuel Mavt-hall. MeCdity,
McMnlluiv Morrill. NiehoK Norton, Andrew Ohv<;r, I'ar-
ker", Peaice. 1'c-ny^ Pettit, 1-uryeur Uuitman. Itutfm, Sav-
a^e' Seward, Stanton, Taibotr. Tappan, Tnpjie. Vail,
Wade. Wakeman, Walbiid^e. Waidion. VVeJeh, Wheeler,
Whitney, SVoodmff, and John V. Wnslit—7-2.
1VAYS Me.-Aiken, Alison, Ball? Baibour, Baiks-
dale flemHey S- Bennett, Ucnson, Biliingluir^t, In-hop,
Bowie. Biadshaw, Bianeh, Broom, Bufllnton, Cadwaladei,
Jamo-s'II. Campbell, 1>ww I> Campin-il, Chath'C. [toweil
Cobh, WiHr.mihOU U. \V. Cobb,Comin>,Covode, Cimiba^k,
Davidson, fftmrv Winter Ravi's, Timothy Davis, Denver,
Diek-on, Dod-i, Dowdel!.Edi< .];a.imiui--ou, Unuio, Euatis,
Faulkner. I'hv.enee, Henrj M FutU-i. Thnm/w J D Fui-
' ler, Gteemvood, Iliekman, Thorn,^ R. llorton, Howard,
Hugn^ton, Rnapp, Knigilt, Knowltcn, Leiter, Lumpkin.
Mice. Al^xandei K. M.'.r>liall. Hampbrey ^lar^hall, Mut-
to-on,'Mauveil, Medueen. KJhan Milier, Milison, Mill-
ward. Moore. 3i0i<ran. Molt, Mai ray, Mordeeai Oliver,
Orr i'eek, Pehon. I'heiiw, Bonvc. Kicaml^ Rob-
tut--, llu.<t. S.uuUdge. Savage. Samut-i A Smith, Snc.-d,
Smuu^i, Stewart. Stranahan, Swope. Ta>loi, I hoimgtoii,
Thui'-ton, Toda. Ty^oe, Underwood, Walker, c adwahulor
C. \Va-hbur:K. Illhhu B. W« hbfune, loiaei Washburn,
W.'tl-, Williams, Wm-km, Wood, Woudworth, Darnel
R. Wnght, and ZoJheolu-r—9;.
8o the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. NORTON stated that he had been re-
quested to announce that Mr. Sherman had
paired off with Mr. Richardson for the balance
of the night, it being then two o'clock, a. m.
enrolled bills.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on Es~
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a joint
resolution and a bill of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
A joint resolution giving increased compensa-
tion to the laborers in the employ of the execu-
tive and legislative departments of the Govern-
ment, in the city of "Washington; and
A bill to establish certain post routes.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL—CONFERENCE
COMMITTEE.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The committee of
conference upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (II. R. No. 201) making appropriations
for certain civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1857, have been
unable to agree.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the House insist upon its disagieement to
the Senate'.-! amendments, and that a second
comnuft.'c of conference be appointed.
The motion wac agreed to; and
The Speaker thereupon appointed as such
committee on the part of the House, Messrs.
J. II. Campbell of Pennsylvania, Thomas L 
Harris of Illinois, and J. Morrison Harris
of Maryland.
ARMY* APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GiDDlNGS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 wish to make a report from the com-
mittee of conference upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses upon the Army bill. That bill
has been returned to this House with a message
from the Senate; and i ask the Clerk to read the
message.
The message was read, and is as follows:
In tub Sknate or the United States,
1 Gj lt'5S.
Second cf>T)(i'ionee:
Re^olreiL That the Senate insist upon their anicndmejit
to the lull K- Xo- making uppioprialious htf the
suppoit of tho Aiaiv fot the year ending the SOtii of June,
lr Yt, uisj^ieed to hj the JIou*e of Representatives to said
bill.
• Ordered, That the committee of coiiierencw upon the part
of the Senate be discharged.
Mr. G'IDDINGS. I hare to report that a ma-
jority of tlie committee on the part of the House
met a majority of the committer upon the part
of the yell ate, but they were unable to agree.
We, therefore, report back the disagreement; and
I now move that the House adhere to its amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senate. In making
this motion, although the hour be late, I feel^ it
due to myself and associates to ask the attention
of the House for a few moments, and through the
House the attention of the Senate and of the
country, to the position which \vc now maintain.
Mr.liOWXK. 1 object to any speech.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. I have the floor; and if I
have strength, the rights of the people shall be
asserted in this body, if not maintained, and I
shall be in perfect order in proceeding to state the
reasons why 1 have made this motion. We have
forborne all discussion upon this branch ot the
subject; notone hournorone half hour of the time
of this body has been occupied in avowing the
reasons why we take this position; and although
the hour be late, 1 feel that it is important and
due to the country that we should avow our po-
sition, even if constrained to do so during these
last expiring hours of the session.
Ana ftirft, I will correct a misrepresentation
which li is aone out from 1 lie other end of the
Capitol, nndVven from gentlemen on the opposite
side of ihis lionse.
Mr. ORR, 1 call the gentleman tu order.
Mr. GlDDCWsS. I have the floor, and I do
not wish to be deprived ot it. ^
The SPEA-tK.ii. The gentleman from Ohio
is speaking lo a piivileged question.
Mr. OltK. Tin- .{erniemait is not iu order in
sneaking disrespectfully of the other branch of
Oomcress. The ^'entiemaii speaks oi iTiisrepie—
mentation mads H' the Senate.
Mr. GinDlNO^. i think i know my rights;
