2196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
and if I know them, I will keep within the rules
of the House in ray remarks.
The SPEAKER. It is undoubtedly the rule
that the gentleman from Ohio cannot refer to pro-
ceedings of the other branch of the Legislature,
except as they are officially reported to the House.
Mr. GIDDINGS. That is all that I am doing.
I say that the majority of the committee of con-
ference have not refused to give to this Govern-
ment all funds necessary for the maintenance and
carrying on of all its functions. On the contrary,
our committee recommend the granting of every
dollar requested from the House, and every dol-
lar of the estimates has been voted by every Re-
publican in this body. And I call the attention
of the country to the fact, that the friends of the
Administration—its avowed supporters in this
Hall—have steadily voted against this bill, with
its $12,000,000. They have steadily used their
voices and their votes to prevent its passage, and
then they turn round and assert that we are about
to deprive the Government of the necessary funds
to support the Army. I therefore wish to cor-
rect that misrepresentation; and I desire the cor-
rection to be noticed by the country, and I repeat
that we intend to grant all these appropriations.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise to a question of or-
der. I understand the member from Ohio to state
that the friends of the Administration have voted
against the appropriations to carry on the Gov-
ernment.
The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
order on which the Chair can act.
Mr. McMULLIN. It is a misrepresentation
of facts, and I wish the country to know it.
Mr. GIDDIJNGS. I have culled attention to
facts apparent on the record, and ask the people
to read them.
Mr, McMULLIN, No such thing, sir.
Mr. GIDDUNTGS. And, sir, we intend to hold
them accountable for it.
Several Voices. That is right.
Mr. GIDDINGS. And now, sir, I take the
position which I have always maintained here
for myself, and which 1 am unwilling, in the
midst of passing events, to leave unprocluimcd
on this floor; and that is, that the people have a
perfcct, unlimited control over their own funds.
We are the Representatives of the people here.
We are their agents, sent here to deal out their
funds; and it is not for the Senate, or for the Ex-
ecutive, to say that wo shall appropriate them for
any object revolting to the popular smsc of justict*
and propriety. I lay down this as a principle too
old and too well understood to be disputed utiius
day. More than six centuries since, as early as
June 15, 3^15, at the field of Ilunnyincde, it was
extorted at the point of the sword from King
John; and the British people have from that day
maintained their dignity and their rights, and the
British sovereign, whenever he has negotiated a
treaty with any "nation, approaches the Commons
in the language of dependence, ackowledging the
prerogatives of the people. It is a historical fact,
that the crown of England approaches the Com-
mons saying: "we lay this treaty before you,
that you may judge of the propriety of making an
ajjprojyriatioa to carry it info effect. M
Sir, what gentleman will undertake to say that
we are bound to abide by the other branch of the
Legislature, or by the Executive will, in dealing
out our public treasure? We should be con-
trolled by the d"sire of our constituents, not by
the wishes of the Senate. We inherit this prin-
ciple of popular independence from our English
ancestors: and he who reads the biography of
Sydney and Hampden cannot but be acquainted
with this principle. Now, sir, after the Gov-
ernment was formed, the first important discus-
sion of this question was in 1796, on the memo-
rable discussion on "Jay's treaty."
The Executive had formed a treaty of vast
importance; and to enable our country to take ad-
vantage of its stipulations, it became necessary '
that this body should make an appropriation of ;
funds to carry it into effect. The President called 1
on that body for an appropriation; and then this j
question was discussed. It was discussed by ;
Gallatin and by Madison, and the great men of j
that age. And the doctrine was then laid down
that this body has the controlling-power over the
national treasure, and may disregard the -wishes
or the Executive and of the Senate; and that the
treaty-making branch of the Government has not
the power to demand the appropriation of money
for such objects.
Sir, the rights of the people were then main-
tained, To-day, we, the Republicans of to-day,
stand on the same principle on which our Re-
publican fathers stood in 1796. We assert our
supreme right, or rather the supreme right of the
people, through us, to do their will in regard to
our national treasure, and we intend to maintain
this ground. And here I may make a digression
for one moment, to say that it is now the other
branch of Congress that has called on us to recede.
They have refused to pass this bill, and have thus
far intimated that they will not take it unless we
give them means to carry out their designs on
Kansas. These designs never originated with
the people. They never originated in this body.
History has shown—and I call the attention of
the House and country to the fact—that the con-
spiracy to carry slavery into Kansas had its origin
in this city. Two members of the Senate have,
in their public speeches, given us the origin
of that conspiracy^ against freedom in Kansas,
against the Constitution, against humanity. It
is shown by those gentlemen, that a member of
that body, occupying the seat of Vice President
of the United States, being desirous of repealing
the Missouri prohibition of slavery in Kansas,
proposed to the distinguished Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglas,] that he would leave the
President's chair, and take the chairmanship of
the Committee on Territories, unless the Senator
from Illinois would consent to report a bill to
establish a territorial government in Kansas, and
repealing the prohibition so offensive to slave-
holders. And that body now says we must ap-
propriate money to aid tliem in carrying out that
conspiracy which has already broughtthe country
into civil war. For one, 1 say frankly, I shall
not comply with such request.
The first step towards the introduction of
slavery into Kansas, was the removal of this pro-
hibition. The Senator from Illinois agreed to
introduce the bill, and then applied to his co-
Senators, to the Executive, and to the members
of that party in this House, to come to its support.
"We saw, through the Union of this city, the organ
of that party, the denunciation of every Demo-
crat who should refuse to march up and vote for
that bill. The organ of the Administration also
declared that the moment that bill should pass
and become a law, that moment all agitation of
the slave question would cease; and on the morn-
ing after the final passage of the bill, a distin-
guished Senator from Michigan arose m his seat,
grave and reverend as he was, and proclaimed to
the Senate and lo the euuntiy, that, further agita-
tion concerning slavery would cease, and that
pence and quietude and harmony would reign
throughout the land. It was declared in the other
branch of Congress, in this body, through the
public press, anil through the country, thatagita-
tion on the subject of slavery had then ceased
forever. Sir, I call the attention of the country to
this fact, to show that this controlling party of the
country, who are now seeking to maintain its
power, grossly misunderstood the popular senti-
ment of the country; they have mistaken the
popular voice, and trampled upon the popular
will.
Mr. Speaker, the Missouri prohibition was
thus repealed, and the first step in this great con-
spiracy was taken. The next step was then to
be attended to. It was then that the acting Vice
President himself left his position as presiding
ollicer of the Senate, and proceeded to Missouri
to raise an army and march into Kansas. Yes,
sir, the acting Vice President himself headed an
armed invasion of that Territory.
Mr. ORR. If wc had more time I should not
object to the gentleman proceeding; but, sir, I
raise the question of order, th,it the gentleman's
remarks ore not pertinent to the question before
the House.
The SPEAKER. The motion before the House
is, that the House insist on its disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. GIDDLNXtS. I do not wonder that the
gentleman irom South Carolina is uneasy; but,
sir, I am showing the reason why we should
adhere to our position. The Senate has attempted
to control the nation by forcing this body into a
compliance with its behests; and they have used
the Army, which we are now called on to sup-
port, to enforce the bogus laws of a quasi Legis-
lature upon the people of that Territory. I will
not do it; and that is the reason why I am making
these remarks. I was saying, when interrupted
by the gentleman from South Carolina, that Mr.
Atchison went to Missouri, and raised an army
of men for the purpose of invading Kansas, in
order to establish slavery there. He delivered
public addresses, and formed secret societies for
that purpose. He invaded Kansas with his
army. He took possession of the ballot-boxes;
with force of arms deprived the people of the
right of suffrage; and elected by foreign votes a
body of men, residents of other States, as legis-
lators, who assembled at Shawnee Mission, and
passed enactments for the establishment of sla-
very there, and for the obliteration of freedom in
the Territory. It is those enactments which the
Executive is now seeking to enforce by the army,
and he calls on us to-night to aid him in that
nefarious work. Sir, I will say such conduct
constitutes downright, unqualified treason, in-
volving its authors m far greater moral guilt than
the ordinary perpetration of that crime.
But, sir, this so-called Legislative Assembly,
controlled by foreigners, passed these revolting
laws; and the Executive, backed by his advisers
at the other end of the Capitol, say they shall be
enforced, and enforced by the Army of the United
States. I call them laws: they are not laws; they
are enactments, which strike at the very founda-
tion of our institutions. They strike at freedom
of speech, and at freedom of the press, and repu-
diate the Constitution. They dcclare it felony,
punishable with death, to aid or assist a fellow-
being in regaining his God-given right to liberty.
Under their enactments it is felony, punishable
with death, to instruct a human being in the rights
which nature and nature's God have bestowed
on him, provided he avails himself of the knowl-
edge thus imparted to him.
It is felony, punishable under these enactments
with death, to placc in the hands of a certain
class of people in Kansas any writing or printed
work which teaches them the way to freedom.
Everything is sedulously kept from their knowl
edge which would inspire them with the enno-
bling thought of liberty. Ignorance is enforced
there by statute laws, and our Army has been and
is now employed for the enforcement of such
enactments. We are now called on to make ap-
propriations for the continued enforcement of
laws that are a disgrace to the age in which we
live. In thus denouncing them in unmeasured
language, I but use the words of gentlemen of
the opposite party in the other wing of the Cap-
itol. The Presidentavails himself of his position
to employ the Army to enforce laws thus dis-
graceful to human nature; and that he may con-
tinue to do so, we are asked to make further ap-
propriations; and because we insert a proviso,
declaring that the moneys which we appropriate
shall not be expended to murder our friends in
Kansas, the Senate rejects all provisions for the
support of the Army.
The Senate insists that we shall give the peo-
ple's money to pay our troops for shooting down
men who refuse to obey these despotic, these ty-
rannical enactments of a usurping Legislature.
Representatives of the people ! are you prepared
to do this? Will you commit such a revolting
deed in the face of the people?
Mr. Speaker, we propose to give the Executive
the funds necessary for supporting the Army,
and for carrying on the Government in all its
departments; but we will not participate in the
crimes now being perpetrated in Kansas. We
have, therefore, attached to this bill the proviso
to which I have just referred. But the Senate
insists that we shall share with them the guilt
and disgrace of butchering the free-State men of
Kansas; and if we refuse to do that, they insist
the Army shall have no appropriation of money
for its support. Sir, for one, I will leave them
alone in the perpetration of those murders. I will
not bathe my soul in such guilt, nor involve my
name m such disgrace. This is the ground on
which we stand: and when I assort that we will
adhere to this position, I speak but the sentiments
of my heart; I utter the determination of my
inmost soul. I speak not for others. It is for
every man to speak and act for himself. To God
and our- country we are each responsible, and
each must meet his responsibility. If there be a
