1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
597
land to the State of Mississippi to aid in the
construction of the Ship Island railroad in that
State.
DUTIES ON RAILROAD IRON.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This day week the hon-
orable Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay] pre-
sented a memorial from the Legislature of that
State, praying for the remission or suspension of
the duties on railroad iron. An order to print
the memorial was made at once, but his motion
to refer it to the Committee on Finance was post-
poned until this day. I think the memorial con-
tains several erroneous statements and arguments;
but I am not well to-day, and I am quite willing
that the motion to refer shall prevail now. It
would be more parliamentary to have the subject
first discussed by the committee, and the facts
accurately stated in their report, before discussion
is had in the Senate. I hope, therefore, the mo-
tion made by the Senator from Alabama will be
agreed to.
The memorial was taken from the table; and
the question was stated to be on referring it to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will be referred.
Mr. CLAY. As my friend from Pennsylvania
is unable at this time to say anything on the sub-
ject, I do not propose to say a word at this mo-
ment.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. HALE. Yesterday, when we ad journed,
the Senator from Texas obtained the floor; but
I understand it is not his purpose to speak on the
subject then under discussion. I rise to ask that
that subject shall be taken up and made the special
order for Monday, as my friend from Iowa [Mr.
Harlan] intends to speak upon it at some early
day.
Mr. SUMNER. Is there not a special order
for Monday already?
Mr. HALE. If so, this will come up on Tues-
day.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the motion to print
additional numbers of the President's message in
relation to affairs in Kansas.
Mr. HALE. I now move that this subject be
postponed to and made the special order of the
day for Monday next, unless there is already a
special order for that day.
Mr. WELLER. I gave notice yesterday that
I should on Monday next call up the bill appro-
priating $3,01)0,000 for the improvement of the
armament of our fortifications.
Mr. HALE. Then I will say Tuesday. I move
to make this question the special order for that
day.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is there any special order
for next Monday ?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir; but the Senator
from New Hampshire moves to make this subject
the special order for Tuesday next.
Mr. HOUSTON. I give notice that I will ask
leave of the Senate to call up the naval bill on
Monday.
Mr. WELLER. I have given notice that I
will call up the $3,000,000 appropriation bill on
that day.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I shall say Tuesday.
Mr. WELLER. Perhaps both bills can be
disposed of on that day.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from New Hampshire.
The motion was agreed to.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. JOHNSON. I made a report from the
Committee on Printing, a few days since, in re-
gard to publishing extra numbers of the Coast
Survey report. There was some difficulty and
misunderstanding then, as to the effect of the
amendment proposed by the committee to the
original resolution offered in the Senate. That
matter is now arranged. Prom the conferences
which have taken place between my colleague on
the committee, [Mr. Fessenden,] and the Senator
from Maryland who offered the original resolu-
tion, [Mr. Pearce,] the amendment is put in a
shape entirely satisfactory to all. I ask that it
be now taken up and adopted.
The motion to take up the resolution was
agreed to. The original resolution was in these
words:
Ordered, That ten thousand copies of the letter of the
Seeietary of the Treasury, communicating tile report of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the year 1855, in
addition to the usual number, he printed; five thousand
copies thereof for the u-e of the Senate, and the remainder
for distribution by the Coast Survey Office ; and that the
same be printed and bound, with the plates, in quarto form;
and that the plates be printed under the direction of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
The amendment of the Committee on Printing
was to strike out the words, "and that the plates
be printed under the direction of the Superintend-
ent of the Coast Survey."
Mr. JOHNSON. I am authorized to withdraw
that amendment, and to propose in lieu of it to
strike out the words, " under the direction of"
and insert "to the satisfaction of."
Mr. PEARCE. I am satisfied with the amend-
ment which is now offered, and I believe that all
the purposes of the Coast Survey will be accom-
plished by it. It relates only to the accuracy of
the work.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion as amended was adopted, as follows:
Ordered, That ten thousand copics of the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating the report of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the year 1855, in
addition to the usual number, be printed; five thousand for
the use of the Senate, andthe remainder for distribution by
the Coast Survey office; and that the same bo printed and
bound, with the plates, in quarto form, and that the print-
ing of said plates ^-hall be done to the satisfaction of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr, HAMLIN. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. FOOT. I hope the Senate will meet to-
morrow, and dispose of the Private Calendar for
the first time during the three months of the ses-
sion.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to make a personal explana-
tion; it is, I believe, the first one I ever asked
permission to make since I have been a member of
this body. My attention has just been called to a
statement in one of the New York city papers, to
this effect:
" The Committee on Territories of the Senate have al3o
prepared their report, and will present it, perhaps, to-mor-
row. Itisa wholly one-sided narrative upon borderruffian
authority. It was adopted in committee by a party vote.
It is stated that the chairman, Judge Douglas, refuses to
allow the minority to see it, informing Judge Collamer
that he may make up a minority statement to suit himself."
The report here alluded to is not fully written.
It has not yet been submitted to the Committee
on Territories—it has not been seen by any mem-
ber of the Committee, either of the majority or
minority, except myself; and I have only seen so
much of it as is now written. Hence, it is not
true that it has been adopted in committee.
Whether it is founded on 4t border ruffian au-
thoi-ity" or not, gentlemen will, perhaps, bo better
able to judge when it is presented.
1 will state further, that while the public may
speculate about unfairness between tne Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] and myself in
regard to it, I think that he and I shall not disa-
gree on the point that there is perfect freedom of
communication between us in regard to every
fact on which the report is based. I have not a
document which I am using in the preparation
of the report, that I have not submitted to him,
or of which he has not been tendered the loan.
Nor is he using a document, so far as I am aware,
the use of which he has not tendered to me. We
have met together, talked over different points,
and mutually tendered each other the use of our
documents. We have freely communicated; and
as soon as the report is ready it will be submitted
to the committee, and it will not be reported to
the Senate on the day on which it is read in the
committee room. I deem it due to myself, as I
am not able to be much in the Senate, to make
this statement, as it will be some days before the
report is ready.
FORTIFICATION APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill (S. No. 141) reported yesterday by
Mr. Hunter, from the Committee on Finance,
making appropriations for fortifications and other
works of defense, and for repairs of barracks
and quarters for the year ending the 30th of June,
1857, was, on his motion, read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. It is, perhaps, proper for
me to say that this bill is made out according to
a revised estimate submitted by the Secretary of
War, and is for an amount larger than was con-
tained in the printed estimates submitted to us
early in the session. The whole amount appro-
priated by the bill is about $2,900,000, and 1 am
informed that with this appropriation we shall be
able to put all of those forts which protect the
leading towns on our coasts in such a condition
that within a year, or less than a year's time, it
will be difficult, or at least very dangerous, for
any fleet to approach them. Under these circum-
stances the Committee on Finance have thought
proper that this bill should be made out accord-
ing to the additional estimates, and that this sum
should be given. The whole amount is under
$3,000,000, and I believe it will be enough to
place the ports which protect our coasts in the
condition of which I have just spoken. - I have
a note from General Totten, which I ask maybe
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" The above specification embraces all the items of the
original estimate in which I desire to propose any change;
the remaining items of that estimate (as printed on pages
63 and 64 of the 4 Estimates of Appropriations' for the year
ending June 30,1857,) should remain unchanged, and it is
hoped will be appropriated as they stand.
s{ The estimate for fortifications, amended as proposed
above, will enable us, within the year, to add greatly to
their efficiency—that is to say, to their fighting condition.
Several of the forts will be brought nearly, some quite to
completion; and I think there will not be one, even of
those least advanced, at which, at the close of the year,
we shall not be able—with temporary arrangements speed-
ily made—to act with decided effect.
" But, to this end, we should know some months before
the opening of the fiscal year, that we are to have these
means; for until the passage of the appropriation we can
enter into no arrangements for supplies of materials and
workmen, and months are necessary to secure these at
several of the most important of the stations. For in-
stance, we mii«t now curtail operations at Key West and
Tortugas, as wc have a small balance left for those works,
unless we know very soon that there will be another appro-
priation available on the 1st of July. With that knowledge
we should be able to advance with little or no pause.
" I have the honor to be, &c.,
" JOS. G. TOTTEN."
Mr. BROWN. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, if it is in con-
templation to bring in another fortification bill,
providing for the commencement of new works?
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from California,
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
can answer that question.
Mr. WELLER. I have reported a bill from
the Committee on Military Affairs, which I pro-
pose to call up as soon as this shall have been
disposed of. The bill which I have reported is
confined to new works.
Mr. BROWN. That is all the information I
desire. I observed that some works which had
been recommended in my own State were not
included in this bill, and I merely wished to un-
derstand whether they had been entirely over-
looked.
Mr. TOUCEY. I have heard what has been
read as coming from the Ordnance Department,
with no little satisfaction, and I think the
country will hear it with no less satisfaction.
That the small sum of less than $3,000,000, which
can be exj^ended within the present year advan-
tageously, will put all the defenses which are
mentioned in the bill in a fighting condition, must,
I think, be satisfactory information at all times,
and especially in the present state of our foreign
relations. I do not say that there is any immi-
nent danger. I think the people of this country
have no fears orapprehensions. They never have.
No, sir; the difficulty is to restrain them from
indulging their warlike propensities; but I think
the true policy of the country is, at all times, to be
ready to defend ourselves; and the money which
is proposed to be appropriated by this bill will be
much better invested in the fortifications that are
enumerated than while locked up in the Independ-
ent Treasury.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, andwas read the third time and passed
NEW FORTIFICATIONS.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the bill (S. No.
130) reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs, making appropriations for certain new
V
