1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
frequently spoken of, is, as I understand the Con-
stitution, the simple power "to declare war,"
and as incident to that authority if? granted by
another clause "to raise and support armies,"
and "to provide and maintain a navy." It was
said by some Senators yesterday that you may
trace the authority to do this work to the war
power; or, at least, to the power to maintain a
navy because by possibility your navy may want
to seek refuge there. Let them come, then, at
once to the point, present the specific grant under
which it is claimed as derivative, and show that,
because Congi-ess has power to maintain a navy
as incident to its right to declare war, it has power
to deepen the channel of this river; which is
asked for because it is the opinion, I suppose, of
the people of New Orleans that the wants of com-
merce will be accommodated by it.
Mr. President, I have said (and I feel very con-
fident m the position) that you cannot, by any
just or fe.tr interpretation of the Constitution,
claim authority under a derivative power without
first presenting its correlative, the granted power,
to which it is ancillary. I will illustrate it by the
building of this Capitol. A Congress of the
United States is created by the Constitution to
consist of two Houses, and power to legislate is
conferred on them. To legislate, they must have
a building in which to sit, and they must have
apartments for the preservation of their archives,
their documents, and their papers. There is no
express grant of power in the Constitution to
build a capitol or a hall of legislation; but any
man in the world would say, " if you have a
power to legislate, you must have a place to legis-
late in;" and when you build the Capitol, and
construct apartments to preserve the archives and
public documents, you are doing—what ? You are
exercising a derivative power necessary to carry
the express grant of legislation into effect. So
throughout the whole class: there is no difficulty;
where the derivative power is a legitimate one,
you can trace it at once to the parent stoGk, and
It is no vagrant stock power which you are Jaunt-
ing for through the Constitution.
Sir, I consider that the experience of the coun-
try has shown that it was wise in those who
framed the Constitution not to give this control
to Congress over the public purse—wise for many
reasons: first, because it would trench on State
authority; it would take from the States those
proper subjects of domestic legislation which it
was intended should remain with them, and which
ought to remain with them; but more than all, it
would be opening the Treasury for a scramble in
which the most depraved, the most active, or the
wealthiest, would be most successful; in which
the public money would be made corrupting funds
throughout the country, and wasted, extrava-
gantly wasted, without limit and without stint.
See, then, how the power to raise money is con-
nected with the power to expend it. If Congress
has power, and can legitimately exercise it, to
expend the public money locally through the
States for the purpose of deepening rivers, or con- :
structing harbors, or any of that class of works,
countless millions will be expended for a century !
to come, and Congress will be appealed to from '
time to time to increase the revenue for the pur-
pose of enabling, them to make the expenditure.
To that we must come if this loose mode, as I
consider it, of construing the Constitution be
sanctioned by the legislation of the country.
We were told yesterday, and well told, that
there can be no economy in administering the
public money in these works. I do not know
tow these bills came upon your table, unless
Senators who felt interested, or who were instruct-
ed by the various States from which they came,
brought them in, and had them referred to the
appropriate committee. I was struck with the j
fact, in looking on the list up to April last, that j
there were only three bills for States in the South ;
—one of them this bill for Louisiana; one of them
for Arkansas; and another(of all the States in the
Union!) for South Carolina. Yes, sir, I say to
my venerable friend from South Carolina, [Mr. :
' Evans,] there is a bill on the Calendar to appro- |
priate §50,000 to improve the harbor of Charles-j
ton! I dare say, the Senator did not know of it. [
I "think it very probable that the fact was un-!
known to both the Senators from that State. I i
looked to the bill to see how it came here, and I !
found that it was brought before the Committee I
on Commerce by my honorable friend, the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.] Do we not
all know that the State of South Carolina repu-
diates the power, and votes against such appro-
priations ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Will the Senator
allow me to interrupt him for a moment? -
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. A large portion
of Tennessee, and other States'of the Union,
feel a deep interest in having the entrance to the
harbor of Charleston improved, and the channel
deepened. Who will do it, I ask? The State
of South Carolina has the deepest interest on her
own account, because the is anxious to concen-
trate her trade from the interior, the West, and
the Northwest, in her metropolis, in Charleston;
and yet she will not make this improvement. The
argument of the opponents of such an appropri-
ation is that it is local, and that the Federal Gov-
ernment has 110 power to make such an improve-
ment. I offered the bill proposing an appropria-
tion of $50,000 for Charleston harbor, not for the
benefit of Charleston, or of South Carolina. She
did not choose to ask for these improvements, nor
to make them herself. Considering that we h?id
the power, under the Constitution, to make such
an appropriation, I proposed it, and I shall urge
that appropriation for the benefit of a large por-
tion of the interior, in order to cheapen our com-
munications with the markets and trade on the
Atlantic and with foreign ports, so as to benefit
the great mass of our producers, the planters and
farmers of the interior who are not connected with
trade or commerce, but are the laborers on the
soil.
Charleston will not make the improvement;
South Carolina will not make it. Is my honor-
able friend from Virginia willing to admit that a
casus omissus may be charged upon the framers
of the Constitution—those illustrious and wise
men who devised that instrument? Will he
charge them with having failed to communicate
such power to Congress as that of providing upon
any ground, commercial, military, or naval—I
care not what it is—for a national improvement
of this character? In one sense, which I men-
tioned yesterday, I regard the deepening of the
channel in Charleston harbor as a refuge for our
public vessels in war. It may be important for
our Navy on the large ocean coast which lies
proximate to that harbor. Our Navy, in time of
war, will be greatly benefited by having the
channel deepened there. I regard these great,
objects, military and commercial 
M-r. MASON. I shall hear my friend with
great pleasure, but 
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not want to
interpolate the remarks which I have been mak-
ing into the speech of my friend from Virginia,
but I wish to explain my position, and to put a
few questions to the Senator from Virginia, which
he may answer.
Mr. MASON. I think it would be better for
the Senator to explain the reasons why he took
charge of the harbor of Charleston in a speech of
his own, not in mine.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. But I communi-
cated with the honorable Senator from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Butler,] and he was willing that I
should do it. If he had requested me to do it, I
should not suppose that it was an unreasonable
request, because I know his principles on this
subject and the votes which he has given. But,
sir, if his principles and those of my friend from
Virginia should be carried out in relation to the
protection of domestic industry, as well as the
improvement of our great internal communica-
tions under the war power, what would be the
consequence ? I will ask my friend this question,
which I think he will say is pertinent. What
contributes to the strength of this republican
empire in time of war, more directly, more pow-
erfully, and more essentially, than the means of
concentrating our forces, both personnel as well as
materiel, from all our interior States and districts?
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will allow
me to go on. I shall hear him with great pleasure
when I have concluded.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I beg the Senator's
pardon. I do not wish to interpolate my remarks
into his speech.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection on that
score at all; but I thought it was more proper for
the Senator to make an independent Speech than
one connected with mine.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I beg the Senator5?
pardon; but I should be pleased to have him
answer some of the suggestions which I have
made.
Mr. MASON. Now, Mr. President, Iiavs
had a very illustrative history of the character of
this vagrant power, in the exposition which has
been made by the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee. The State of South Carolina, like all the
other States of this Union, we are accustomed to
call and to recognize as an independent, sover-
eign political community, retaining every portion
of the sovereignty which she held at the time
when this Government was formed; granting no
sovereignty, but granting eertain powers to the
Federal Government, and makingr those powers
supreme as long as the State of South Carolina
remains a party to the compact. We have al-
ways recognized her, as we have the other States,
as one of the sovereign political communities con-
stituting the Federal Union. What does the Sen-
ator from Tennessee now say? The harbor of
Charleston is perhaps the only seaport belonging
to the State of South Carolina, certainly a very
important one, one of the mo3t important sea-
ports on our southern border; and the Senator
from Tennessee says that, inasmuch as the Stats
of South Carolina, in the exercise of her discre-
tion, did not deem it necessary to make certain
improvements or certain modifications of its har-
bor, the Federal Government, at his instant,
vglJ do it for her.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. My (Mend does
not do me justice in that argument. I say, what-
sort of government would our General Govern-
ment be if left deficient of any power to carry oil
such a general and national improvement as a
necessary part of our public defense in time of
war, as the deepening of that channel—the
principal harbor for a great extent of sea-coast in
the southern States? I said it would be singular
if the Constitution left us without authority to do
itunder someoneof these heads—the war, navy,
or commercial power.
I presented the bill for the improvement of
Charleston harbor, not because the honorable
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] re-
quested me to do so, for he did not; but I pre-
sented it for the benefit of the interior, for the
benefit of my own constituents, as a national'ob-
ject, according to my construction of what i 
national. I think we have a sufficient warrant
for it in the Constitution, under the war power;
I prefer to put it upon its strongest, clearest, and
most satisfactory foundation. I will put it on the
same ground on which you provide for the na-
tional defense by erecting fortifications on the sea-
board. I do not mean to put the improvement
of the harbor of Charleston by the Federal Gov-
ernment on the ground that, because South Caro-
lina will not do it, we therefore have the power.
Mr. MASON. I understood the Senator to
say that was the reason.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. No, sir. I was
arguing to show that the country ought not to be
bound by the decision of South Carolina whether
she would have this harbor improved or not,
whether she would leave this point of the national
defenses unprotected. I said this Government
ought to have, and, in my opinion, has the power
to provide for it. The Senator from Virginia
knows that one objection made by the opponents
of such measures has been that most of them are"
local, and not general; and that they cannot come
under "thecommon defense and general welfare"
clause. We of Tennessee wish this improve-
ment. South Carolina is- interested in* it to ba
sure, but not entirely. She can get along with
her scanty products, her worn-out soil, and her
slave labor, [laughter;] but we have a rich and
fertile soil, and a great deal of free labor, as well
as slave labor, in the interior; and we wish to
have the benefit of a deeper channel in the har-
bor of Charleston.
Mr. BUTLER. Will my friend from Vir-
ginia, who is entitled to the floor, allow me to
say a word or two ?
Mr. MASON. With pleasure.
Mr. BUTLER. I am the representative of the
commercial and agricultural interests of South
Carolina, and as far as I can I will do justice'to
both. The Senator from hfts spoken
