f
598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
fortifications, was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the VvTho!e. It pro-
posesto appropriate Ihe following sums of money
for the construction of fortifications: -
- For fortifications for the defense of the entrance
to Galveston harbor and bay, Texas, §80,000;
for fortifications for the defense of the entrance of
-Paso Cavallo, Texas, $40,000; for fortifications
'for-the defense of the entrance of BrazoS Santiago,
-Texas, $80,000; for fortifications for the defense
:of-the inner passes into Mobile bay, (known as
Grant's Pass au Heron,) $100,000; for the for-
;tifieations of Ship Island, coast of Mississippi,
tlOOiOOO; for fortifications at the entrance of New
edford harbor, $ ; for fortifications at Sandy
Hook, New Jersey, outlet of New York harbor,
# " •
• Mr.WELLER. I move to strike out the ap-
propriation for defenses ofGalveston,.Texas. We
•have already passed a separate bill for that pur-
pose.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I move to fill the blank in
reference to defenses at the entrance of New Bed-
ford harbor by inserting " 150,000."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I move to strike oat the last
clause of the bill making appropriations for for-
tifying Sandy Hook. That work is recommended
by the engineer department, but not by the Sec-
retary of \Var.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs if there are
not other fortifications included in the bill which
are not recommended by the Secretary of War?
Mr.WELLER. I think not. I know of none
except what I have moved to strike out. I ori-
ginally inserted this clause because 1 thought the
Secretary of War recommended it; butl find that
such is not the case, though it is recommended
by the chief of the engineer department.
Mr. FISH. I would ask the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs if lie will not
make a motion to insert, at the same time, some-
thing which will explain the whole matter?
Mr. WELLER. I propose to move to insert
an appropriation of $150,000 for the commence-
ment of a fort opposite Port Schuyler, Now York
harbor. The Secretary of War thinks the con-
struction of that fort would supersede the neces-
sity of the one proposed m the bill, which I have
moved to strike out. 1 intend to more that at the
proper time.
Mr. FISH. The substitution of that and
another work, in the opinion of the Secretary of
War, will supersede the necessity of tlie work at
Sandy Hook. The chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs is right, I believe.
Mr. WELLER. I am going to propose, two
amendments in regard to the defense of the harbor
of New York. One I have already mentioned;
the other is to appropriate $150,000 for the erec-
tion of a fort on the site of Fort Tompkins. That
is recommended by the Secretary of War, and the
construction of those fortifications will supersede
the necessity of any appropriation for Sandy
Hook. The question now is on striking out that
part of the printed bill which I proposed.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
.Mr. W ELLER. I now move to insert, as an
additional clause, for additional defenses for San
I^rancisco, California, $200,000. I have a letter
from the chief of the engineer department, in
which he says that it is necessary, in order to com-
plete the system of defenses which they propose
at the entrance of that harbor, that there should
be an additional appropriation of §'200,000. I ask
that the letter of which I have spoken may be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Engineer Department,
Washington, March 1, 1856.
Sir : I have the honor to present to your consideration the
propriety of asking an appiopuation for additional defensive
works for the protection of San Francisco, California. The
sums asked for, in our annual estimate, for the fortifications
now in piogress at San Fianci-co, will be sufficient, as I
have good reason to believe, to bung those fortifications to
a state of complete efficiency in all that pertains to the sci-
ence of their batteries ; so that i do not design, now, to ask
any further grant (than the turns above lefened to) for the
works in pioyre&s.. But the proper defense of San Fran-
cisco, its entrance, bay, and navy-yaid, requires a heavy
work at the entrance, to cross fire with the one now con-
structing theie, and some open batteries within the harbor
on an i3land, the occupation of which will enable us to con-
trol both channels leading to the navy-yard. Although I
may flay that the-wotk at tbeentrance will probably "be be-
gun the first, yet circumstances may make it expedient to
commence with the island works, or it may be desirable to
undertake both.
I propose, then, that application be made to Congress
to grant an appropriation, to be available at once, of two
hundred tkoitsuiul dollars for udditioiuil dejenses for San
Francisco, California.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
JOSEPH G. TOTTEN,
. Brevet Brigadier General Topographical Engineers.
Hon. Jefferson Davis, Secretary of War.
Mr. WELLER. The appropriation is also
recommended by the Secretary of "War in a let-
ter which I have in my hand.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.WELLER. The next amendment which
I propose is the following:
For defenses for New Bedford and Fair Haven, Massa-
chusetts, $150,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there an estimate or recom-
mendation for that from the Secretary of War?
Mr. WELLER. I believe so.
Mr. HUNTER. There are some cases in
which the estimate of the chief engineer is not
recommended by the Secretary of War.
Mr. HAMLIN. This, I think, isincludedin
the estimates of the Secretary of War.
Mr. WELLER. I am pretty confident of it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to know cer-
tainly whether there is any estimate or recom-
mendation on this subjcct from the Department?
Mr. HUNTER. I think there must be some
mistake on this point. My impression is, that it
is not recommended. If it is, I make no oppo-
sition.
Mr. WELLER. I find, by looking at the
communication of the Sccrctary of War accom-
panying the estimate of the engineer, that there
is no recommendation, but I believe it is recom-
mended in his annual report.
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir; I think not. It is
recommended by General Totten, but not by the
Secretary of War, according to my impression.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will read from what I sup-
pose to have been a recommendation of the Sec-
retary of War. It is a report of the engineer j
department, and I believe it stands on the same
footing with the appropriations already put in the
bill for fortifications in Texas.
Mr. HUNTER. I intend, to move to strike
them out.
Mr. HAMLIN. The chief of the engineer
department says in his report:
" I must again call attention to the necessity of providing
for (he commencement of a fortification at the entrance of
i New Hedtord hatbor; another at Sandy I-look-at the outlet
of New York liaibor; and the thud on Ship Island, Missis-
sippi.
That is in the report of the engineer to the
Secretary of War, and comes here as apart of the
document. Am 1 to suppose that the other appro-
priations included in the bill are based on special
recommendation from the War Department? -
Mr. HUNTER. I think I am not mistaken
in my statement. The Secretary of War com-
municated an answer to-a resolution calling on
him for estimates—not for his opinion as to the
necessity of these works. General Totten did
estimate for them, and did recommend them, but
the Secretary of War did not concur in the rec-
ommendation in regard to Sandy Hook, nor, I
think, in regard to New Bedford and two points
in Texas. Now, my opinion is, that we ought
not to include in the bill any works which are
not recommended and asked for by the War
Department. We are already making larger
appropriations for fortifications than are usual;
and we may .swamp both bills by attempting to
appropriate too much. I think we had better
confine ourselves to such new works as are rec-
ommended. by the War Department, and not go
beyond their recommendation. As I understand
it, the item for New Bedford is not recommended,
and there are two appropriations in the bill for
Texas which are not recommended. I think
they ought all to go out of the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I certainly concur with what
the Senator from Virginia suggests; but if I under-
stand the matter correctly, we have already dis-
posed of the appropriations which relate to the
construction of works in Texas.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand not.
Mr. HAMLIN. Those clauses have been read
and passed by, though perhaps it is not yet too
late to make a motion to strike them~oixt..
It seems to me that one of two rules should be
adopted : we should either adhere to the express
recommendations of the Secretary of War apd
confine ourselves to those works which he has
recommended; or, if wc depart from that in one
case and take the recommendation of the engineer
department, we should include all the recommen-
dations of the engineer department. In other
words,we shouldnotinciude a part of those recom-
mended by the engineers and exclude others. I
am perfectly willing that we shall be governed by
either rule; but it seems to me to be just and
appropriate to postpone final action on the bill for
a short time, in order to afford the Secretary of
War an opportunity to communicate directly to
us what is his opinion in relation to the works
which have been suggested by the engineer depart-
ment. It may be that the engineer department
has suggested works to whicn the attention of
the Secretary of War has notbeen hitherto called.
Now, I wish to have the opinion of the Secretary
on those questions, lam willingtoincludethem
all; but we should act upon a uniform rule.
Mr. WELLER. I thought all the appropria-
tions in the bill were recommended by the Secre-
tary of War. I know of no proper rule which
! we can adopt but to follow the recommendations
I of the War Department. Where I have no per-
| sonal knowledge of the necessity of a work, as a
i matter of course, I ought to bo governed exclu-
i sively by the opinion of the head of the War
! Department. He has charge of all the military
defenses of the country. He recommends from
time to time to the consideration of Congress the
necessity of defendingparticularpoints. He has
not recommended the works now under imme-
diate consideration in the amendment. Althoxigh
they are earnestly pressed upon Congress by the
head of the engineer department, neither of them
has received the sanction of the Secretary of War.
I know of no rule which we can adopt other than
to strike them out; for I, say,, in the absence of
personal knowledge, I must be governed entirely
by his recommendation, .
Mr. BROWN. We had better postpone the
bill until Monday, and in the mean time we can
consult with the Secretary,and see what he says
about the,matter.
Mr. WELLER. .1 desire to, offer two amend-
ments, and then I will move to postpone the bill.
The PRESIDENT. There is an amendment
still pending.
Mr. WELLER. Let it be passed over in-
formally, as I propose to postpone the bill.
The PRESIDENT. That course will be
sued.
Mr. WELLER. I propose this amendment:
For the- commencement of a fort opposite Fort Schuyler,
New York, $150,000.
This is recommended by the Secretary of War.
The amendment was agreed to.,
Mr. WELLER. The next amendment which
I offer is:
I be pur-
For the erection of a fort on the site of Fort Tompkins,
in the State of New Yoik, $lo05000.
This has been recommended by the Secretary
of "War, in answer to a resolution adopted by the
Senate 011 the motion of the Senator from New
York, [Mr.,Fish.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I now move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until Mon-
day.
Mr. CLAY. Before the bill is postponed, I
wish to move the correction of a clerical or typo-
graphical error in the clause, " For fortifications
for the defense of the inner passes into Mobile
Bay, (known as Grant's Pass au Heron,)
$10U,000." After the words "Grant's Pass" 1
wish to insert " and Pass," so that it shall.i-ead,
" Grant's Pass and Pass au Heroii." They are
two separate passes; but from the reading of the
bill they would seem to be but one- In the com-
munication of the Secretary, he names the two
passes as requiring defense, and therefore I make
this motion to amend.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT, The question is now on
the motion to postpone.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to ask .the chairman
of the committee whether the sums inserted in
this bill ft re according to estimate ?
• Mr. WELLER. They are according to the
recommendations of the Department.
