1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.999
Mr. RUSK. I understand that the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
intends to consult with the Secretary of "War in
regard to some of these works, and that we are
to have his opinion by Monday. He stated that
he would have to rely on the recommendations
of the Secretary of War.
Mr. WELLER. Where I have no personal
knowledge.
Mr. RUSK. Well, sir, I will give the Senator
some personal knowledge in regard to two works
in Texas, which seem -to be squinted at. Here
is the statement of the Department:-
War Department,
Washington, January 28, 1856.
Sir : In answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 21st
instant, requiring the Secretary of War uto inform the
Senate whether, in his opinion, any fortifications arc neces-
sary for the defense pf the harbors of Galveston, Sal una,
and other harbors upon the coast of Texas, and, if so, to
furnish estimates for the.sums of money necessary to be
appropriated for the construction of such fortifications," I
have the honor .to transmit herewith a report of the chief
engineer^ containing information on the subject. I concur
in the opinion that a foi tification is necessary for the defense
of thp harbor of Galveston, and approve fhe estimate sub-
mitted for the commencement of the work.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFFERSON DAVIS,
Secretary of War.
Hon. J. D. Bright, President pro tempore of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. He says nothing about the
others. He recommends works at Galveston—
not at the other points named.
Mr, RUSK. Yes, sir, something is said about
them, which I desire to read:
Engineer Department,
Washington, January 23,1856.
Sir : On the subject of the Senate resolution of the 21st
Instant, referred to this office for report, inquiring whether,
in the opinion of the Secretary of War, any fortifications
-are necessary for the defense of the harbors of Galveston,
•Saluria, and other harbors upon the eoast of Texas, and, if
so, asking for estimates, I have the honor to state:
On the 27th of February, 1846, under instructions from
the Department, a board of officers, consisting of Majors
Chase and OgdenT and Captain Barnard, of the corps of
engineers, reported on the defenses that were lequired for
*he security of the coast of Texas, with an approximate
estimate of the cost of such woiks as were deemed most
necessary.
They reported that the inlets of Galveston, Paso Cavallo,
end Brazos Santiago, should be occupied by permanent
works.
They estimated that the cost of these defenses would be
as follows:
Entrance to Galveston, minimum estimate $300,000
Entrance to Paso Cavallo, do    175,000
Entrance' to Brasos Santiago, do  300,000
$775,000
They reported, moreover, that if appropriations could be
■obtained for all, there was no reason why all should not be
commenced, at the same time, and accordingly recommend-
ed the following appiopnations, which they say could be
beneficially applied each year, and would secure the com-
pletion of the works in about four years:
For fortifications for the detense of the entrance to'Galvcs-
ton .harbor and bay $80,000
For fortifications for the defense of the entrance of
Paso Cavallo    40,000
" For fortifications for the defense of the entrance of
Brasos Santiago  80,000
The engineer department, concuning in the views and
opinions of the board, now recommends them to the sanc-
tion of the Government, in the hope that the sum& just speci-
fied may be granted by Congress during the present session.
The same board, in relation to the other inlets of the
Texas coast—namely, those of Sabine, San Louis, Oyster
Creek, the Brasos, San Barnard, Cedar, Caney, Espiritu
Santo, Aransas, Corpus Christi, and the Rio Grande, say
that, " either from the depth of water, the value of the
harbors by themselves, or from the country immediately
dependent upon them for communication, require no other
defense than that of a temporary character, and these to be
regulated in their construction incidental to the inland nav-
igation which may in future be opened from the Sabine to
the Rio Grande. In this latter event the Sabine, Sari Luis,
the Brasos, Espintu Santo, and Corpus Christi inlets would
require works to be thrown up in time of war to pievent
the entrance of small flotillas intended to cut the line of
inland navigation. It is not likely that a large army would
attempt a landing on the coast of Texas. If it should make
the attempt, there would be no necessity of forcing an en-
trance into the shallow inlets, for its purposes could be as
"well effected by landing.direct!v on the coast. Neither
woukl the occupation of these inlets be of any advantage
to the operations of an enemy, either for shelter or depots,
as his smallest vessels eould not pass the bars without much
difficulty and danger. Nature has provided amply for the
detense of the coast, and little remains for art tu give to
that defense all the security desired. At the point relented
for permanent defense the works required will neither be
of much extent nor expensive of construction, especially
if the inland navigation is perfected by which rapid com-
munication with the works, so necessary to a good defense,
shall be established."
It is possible that the growth of that portion of the mari-
time frontier within the ten years that have elapsed since
the report of the board was made, may have somewhat
changed the relative values of these inlets, but the engineer
department has no information that would lift cither of them
into an importance demanding an immediate provision of
permanent defenses.
The resolution is returned herewith.
I am, very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,
JOS. G. TOTTEN,
Brevet Brig, Gen. and Col. Engineers,
Hon. Jefferson Davis, Secretary oj War.
At the time when this report was made to the
War Department the population of Texas was
about one hundred thousand ; now it is about
seven hundred thousand, and a very large portion
of it is along the coast; so that, if the honorable
Senator fiom California is seeking information
on this point, I think this statement furnishes
him pretty good data to go on. •
The PRK^IDEiXT. The guestion is on post-
poning the further consideration of the bill until
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I thought that it was
proposed that some call should be made by reso-
lution on the Secretary of "VVarfor information
on the subject, bccause, otherwise, we shall be
just as well informed on Monday as we are now.
Mr. HU1NTER. I believe I may say that the
Secretary of War recommended specially those
works which he designed to recommend. He
thought that by the terras of the resolution he
was bound to submit estimates for the others.
I believe if we call on him for his opinion, no
doubt he will give it; but unless such a resolution
be couched m broader terms than the former
resolutions to which answers have been made, I
do not think he would give us his own opinions.
Mr. CASS. The chairman of the committee
can write a note to the Secretary of War asking
for information.
Mr. CRITTENDEN". 3My object is to know
whether the Secretary recommends the establish-
ment of these fortifications, because without that
recommendation I do not intend to vote for any
of them.
Mr. WELLER. My object in proposing to
postpone the bill was to ascertain that very fact—
to learn, either from a report or from conversation
with the Secretary of "YVar, whether he does regard
these works as important to the defense of the
country. That information I hope I shall be able
to have on Monday.
Mr. CRITTENDEN". I hope, then, that the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
will submit a resolution to that effect, because I
want all public officers to take their proper re-
sponsibility in respect to these subjects. If the
Secretary of War is prepared to recommend these
works, let him to do so; and let that recommend-
ation appear on the records of the country. I
wish it to be done officially.
Mr. WELLER. It might be done by gentle-
men particularly interested m these localities. I
have no such interest whatever. I am acting
merely as the org-an of the Committee on Military
Affairs. So far as my own action is concerned,
I shall endeavor to obtain the necessary inform-
ation to act understandingly. If the Senator from
Kentucky desires to have it in an authentic form
directly from the Secretary of "War, instead of
coming through me, I would suggest that he
draw a resolution himself for that purpose. I
shall be able to state in iny place, on Monday,
whether the Secretary is in favor of these works
or not. I think that would he as authentic a form
of obtaining the information*as if we sent a res-
olution to him and required his written answer.
Mr. CRITTENDEN". I should certainly have
perfect confidence in the Senator personally; but
information coming in that way would not be in
as authentic a form for the business of the Sen-
ate as a report in writing from the Secretary. I
do not wish to rely on his answer to private let'
ters, on the applications of Senators to him. I
wish his responsible report in writing. That is
the proper mode of transacting the business of
this body.
Mr. CASS. The Secretary of War, on re-
ceiving a note froni the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, would communicate
his opinion on the subject to the Senate. It has
been done time and time again without a formal
resolution. If the honorable chairman will ad-
dress him a note to-morrow or the next day, I
have no doubt he canhave his written answer by
Monday.
Mr. wELXER. That has been the course
usually adopted by the committee. Whenever
they desire to obtain information on sueh sub-
jects, theyaddressanote to theSeeretary of War,
and obtain his written answer. If gentlemen de-
sire that it should be placed on record, as a matter
of course it is subject to the order of the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall not make aw
motion on the subject; I shall content myself.with
voting against .every proposition to establish ia
fortification which does not come here with t&e
sanction and recommendation of the -Secretary of
War, given in the most authentic form.
Mr. TOUCEY. If I understand the state of
the business, it is very clear that the Secretary
of War, as the head of the War Department, has
recommended certain new works unequivocally,
plainly, and distinctly in his communication
already made. As to all other works not recom-
mended, I think it very obvious that he does not
concur in recommending the commencement of
them. If any gentleman is particularly anxious
in regard to any special work, he certainly knows
how to get a positive refusal to recommend it
from the Secretary of War, if he thinks that would
advance his object. For one I am content with
the recommendation of the Secretary, as he has
discharged his duty from the prompting of his
own mind and judgment.
Mr. FISH. Mr. President, I desire to state,
for the information of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, that,_so far as concerns the appropri-
ations for the two forts in the harbor of New
York, they are both founded upon estimates from
the Department, and both are in conformity with
the express recommendation of the Secretary Of
War. His recommendation to that effectwill be
found not only in the documents accompanying
the President's annual message, but in a docu-
ment this morning laid upon our tables in answer
to a resolution of the Senate. He approves, dis-
tinctly and emphatically, the construction of those
two works, and recommends the appropriations
which have been named by t,he chairman of the
committee. I state this fact in relation to those
works, so that whatever objections there may be
to other appropriations may not be made to apply
to these.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from Kentucky
will turn his attention to the tenth page of the
Secretary's annual report to Congress, he will
find that he renews the recommendation made
several times previously in favor of one of the
items in this bill. He uses this language: " The
recommendation heretofore made for the com-
mencement of fortifications at Ship Island is re-
newed;" and he goes on to assign reasons why
he submits that recommendation. There can,
therefore, be no objection to the appropriation for
that work on the ground which lias been stated.
The PRESIDENT. There is nothing before
the Senate. The subject has been disposed of by
postponement until Monday.
president's message.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Webstek,
his Secretary.
danish sound dues.
Mr. SUMNER. A week ago I laid on the
table of the Senate a resolution relating to the
Danish Sound dues. I have watched every day
since for an opportunity to call for its consider-
ation; and, if agreeable to the Senate, I now ask
that it may be taken up.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion, which is in these words:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be*
directed to consider the expediency of some act of legisla-
tion, having the concurrence of both Houses of Congress,,
by which the treaty with Denmark, regulating the payment
of Sound due*;, may be effectively abrogated, m conformity
witli the requirements of the Constitution, under which
every treaty ss a part of ■' the supreme law of the land,"
and in conformity with the practice of the Government^ in
sueh eases; and especially to consider if stick legislation
be not necessary foi th with, in order to supply a defect in
: the notice of the puipose of the United States to abrogate
! the said treaty, which the president lias undertaken to give
to Denmaik, without the authority of an act at Congress^
i and in disregaid of the function of the House of Itepre-
! sentarives, m the abrogation of all existing Iaj-vs.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, if I can hay$>
the attention of the Senate for a brieftime, I jvill *,
explain the objcct of this inquiry. The question
may be dry, but it is important, and', at this
moment, of direct practical interest.
The President, in his annual message, called
