1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Benjamin.
Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. Perhaps I was not suffi-
ciently distinct. I did say that there had been a
virtual retired list in the Navy for years, and I
mentioned, in general terms, instances in which
officers had not been at sea for a period varying
from twenty to thirty years.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am glad to have the
fentieman's correction; but I understood him as
stated. Where, then, was the great necessity—
where the national necessity, for the degradation
of these men ? You reserved most of them, and
paid most of them previous to the institution of
the board; and now it is an additional expense to
the Navy if you fill up the places made vacant
by their retirement. Why was it done if there
were naval officers still left on the list, from whom,
by choosing and selecting, the Secretary could
find those competent to perform service ? Ad-
mitting all these dismissed officers to have been
inefficient, there were left in the Navy over five
hundred efficient officers. Out of these, could
not the Secretary have selected at anytime twice
the number of competent officers that was neces-
sary for any service which we have? The public
necessities did not demand this change. You
had remaining' enough, and more than enough,
efficient officers for all the naval service of the
country. Therefore from this you cannot make
a plea.
1 have been amused, and the Senate must have
been a little gladdened, to hear what a marvelous
happy effect the degradation of these two hun-
dred and one officers has had upon the spirit of
those remaining in active service. The Secretary
has only to say to an officer, " I want a captain
or a lieutenant to go to the coast of Africa; when
can you go?" The reply is, " I am ready now; j
I can take the cars this afternoon, and.be in New
York in the morning." Other similar questions
are met by similar answers of promptitude and
readiness. All is now activity. The officers
march off as soldiers do from the grave of their
buried comrade, with the liveliest music playing,
and with all sort of alacrity. [Laughter.] The
whole Navy is put in motion; life derives its
energy and action from death; the degraded offi-
cers have given a new character and a new
emphasis to those remaining. Now, does not
my friend see through this small business ? How
long does he suppose this will continue? Is the
part to be played out until this business is accom-
Elished, and the Senate has passed upon all that
as been done? Is there a display to tie acted
out before us for effect ?
Mr. MALLORY. The effect is precisely what
would take place in any military body with proper
esprit du corps, where promotion, rank, command,
is the soul of the man. No military officers can
be promoted one hundred and fifty numbers in
their own grade, or into a superior grade, without
exhibiting the same feeling.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will not ask the gen-
tleman for the names of those who have shown
this ambitious alacrity, but he can probably tell
us whether they are officers who have been pro-
moted by the action of the board ?
Mr. MALLORY. Undoubtedly.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Undoubtedly! Well,
then, I do not .wonder at their alacrity.
Mr. MALLORY. Every officer in the service
has been promoted by the action of the board. I
know of no exception; perhaps the honorable
Senator can point out one. I know of no officer
who has not been promoted in consequence of
the board.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I know distinguished
officers of the Navy, not affected by the finding of
the board, who think even more indignantly than
I do of its action upon their brother officers—who
feel a disdain of the promotion acquired by the
displacement of their comrades. This may be a
set off against those officers who have manifested
such a cheerful obedience to orders. Pray, how
was it before this board met, and the Secretary
of the Navy had the whole corps from which to
select in his appointments to active service?
When they were told that service was to be per-
formed, were they not ready to undertake it?
Mr. MALLORY. I will answer the question.
They one and all row up and began to make ex-
cuses. This is true as A general proposition. If
the experience of the Senator from Kentucky is
such as that of others here, he has been invited
to aid officers in getting off duty.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. All the trouble which
I have had with these men, is complaining to me
that they applied again and again for service, and
could not get it. But, sir, that a little thing of
this sort, a trumpery affair, should be acted out
i on the eve of such an occasion as this, is not at
1 all remarkable; and it can be accounted for With-
out our referring it to any great improvement in
the general spirit of the Navy. Besides, accord-
ing to the argument of the Senator from Florida,
when you have, by his bill, cured the evil, and
removed the cause of the present accumulation
of unworthy officers in the Navy, you have re-
created the same number of officers, and you have
recreated exactly the same causes for their dete-
! rioration hereafter. His bill is not in the spirit
of a remedial law. It is to remedy nothing for
the future; it is to prevent nothing for the future.
What does the gentleman propose as his future
remedy ? He tells us that every five years he will
have a board of this sort. I trust that, if so, it
will be under different regulations at any rate from
those that governed the last board. He proposes
that every five vears it shall be known to all the
world, that we hold a general court-martial over
all officers in our service. Why, sir, that would
be somethinglikc a general law in all our counties,,
in order to keep the morals and conduct of the
people pure, to have an examination of the char-
acter of every man in the county, to have him
constantly under indictment, and to come up every
five years to answer.
Mr. MALLORY. I trust the Senator will
allow me to interrupt him at this point, as he is
alluding to a proposition which he understands
me to have made.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. MALLORY. I have no particular propo-
sition on the point on which the Senator is com-
menting, but I will cheerfully accord with any
proper means that will reach the same end. The
French service compels retirement at a certain
age. The English service induces retirement by
giving an increased rank and holding out non-
employment if they do not retire. We have no
means whatever to reach retirement. I will cheer-
fully concur in the appointment of an examining
board every three or five years, or affixing a quali-
fication of age, or in any other proposition which
may be deemed just to accomplish the object.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President I have
said far more than I intended when I rose. I thank
the Senate for the patience with which they
have heard me on a subject on which I know
that a much worthier advocate than myself could
be ill tolerated except for the known patience and
character for courtesy of this body. I have a
deep interest in this matter. I believe a wrong
has been done. I think there is, in the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Georgia,
which has been laid on our table in a printed form,
a remedy much better than that proposed by the
Senator from Florida—a remedy that corrects all
the injustice which has already been done. For
that I shall vote, and against the bill of the Sena-
tor from Florida. That bill proposes to sanction
all that has been done in striking down two
hundred and one officers, one of whom, at least,
the Senator himself admits to have been unjustly
dealt with. The bill promises him some future
recompense in the grace and favor and mercy
of the President of the United States. He pro-
poses, however, to sanction first all that has been
done. To this I object. I cannot sanction the
judgment, because I believe it is unjust.
The bill of the Senator from Florida proposes
that we shall sanction what has been done, give
-our assent to the promotions which have been
made to supply the places of those removed—
and what then ? What is the promise held out
to these two hundred men, or to such of them as
are deemed worthy ? That the President may
hereafter, as vacancies occur, appoint them to
the places of those who may be so good as to die
or resign. This does not satisfy me. It is not
the justice to which they are entitled. Instead
of giving them justice, it gives them the old shoes
of the dead officers for their legacy. It tells them
" You may step into the shoes of those who shall
die hereafter, if the President chooses to allow i
you." That is the recompense for wronged and
dishonored men! No, sir, it is not the justice, it
is not the tribute, to which they are entitled.
They have been wronged; and so far as my voice
and my vote go, nothing shall ever be done by
me to give any sanction to the injustice or to the
sentence which has been pronounced. This hon-
orable body have it in tneir power to, apply a
remedy. Surely this honorable body cannot sit
i by silently. If these two hundred men had been
! slain in battle, the heart of this nation would have
I been filled. Now they are stricken down in our
' own midst, and we Know not the cause why.
They have fallen, as it were, by an invisible hand
' forjpses.not known to us, and we are asked,in
blqp faith, and in blind confidence, to sanction
| all this and to put a seal upon their fate. I hope,
; sir, this will not be done.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I have
already said to the Senate all that I had ever sup-
posed I could be induced to say upon this subject;
but the direct appeal made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky has induced me to look at
the precedents to which he has called the atten-
tion of the Senate, to see whether it were possible
that the legislation of the Congress of the United
States had ever been in such direct violation of
what seems to me to be the clear language of the
Constitution as he represented it to be. The Sen-
ator is mistaken; the law is not as he said it was;
Congress has never done that which he thinks it
has done; but, on the contrary, the very case to
which he alludes, upon the face of the statute
provides for the restoration of officers whose
offices had been abolished, to the same offices they
before filled, which Congress then recreated, pro-
vided the President of the United States should
nominate them, and the Senate should confirm
their nominations; and did not undertake to legis-
late men into office who had previously been dis-
missed from the public service.
In 1847, a lawwas passed entitled "An act for
the increase of the marine corps of the United
States." The fourth section of that law is in
three lines : "The President, at the termination
of the Mexican war, shall reduce the marine
corps to a number, both in men and officers, not
exceeding the number now in service." After
the termination of the war in 1849, Congress
passed the provision to which the Senator from
Kentucky has called my attention, and it is in
these words:
"That the officers of the marine corps affected by the
fourth section of the act of Congress approved March 2,
1847, entitled 'An act for the increase of the marine corps
of the United States,' shall be provided for in the same
manner that the officers of the old army, who reeei ved ap-
pointments in the additional reg ments raised for the war
with Mexico, were under the fourth section of the act of
Congress approved July 19, 1848, entitled 'An act supple-
mentary to an act entitled 'An act providing for the prose-
dution of the existing war between the United States and
the Republic of Mexico, and for other purposes.' "
What was that provision ? for we must turn to
that to discover what the provision here was.
Section four of the act of July 19, 1848, pro-
vides:
" Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all the officers
of the old army, who received appointments in any of the
additional regiments raised for the war with Mexico, shall
be restored to their former regiments or corps, and rank as
additional officers of the respective grades to which they
would have succeeded, and to which they shall now suc-
ceed, in virtue of their former commission : Provided, That
such officers, so restored, shall be appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the consent of the Senate."
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senator and I do
not disagree about the provision. I stated it
exactly as it is there. I have here the note from
which I stated it: " That they should be restored
to their former rank, and be appointed to it by
the President, with the advice and consent of the
Senate." This is the way in which I stated it.
These are, I think, the very words which I em-
ployed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly. But what
a vast difference between that language and the
language of the law! Undoubtedly the Senator
from Kentucky meant to state the law in the very
words; and he gives us in that language his un-
derstanding of the law; but what! contend—I
may be wrong—is, that his understanding is not
borne out by the words, and that the language is
entirely different.; The Senator from Kentucky
