1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1325
rally read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands:
A bill to enable owners of land warrants to
locate the same oil any of the public domain, sub-
ject to entry, whether the minimum price shall
be $1 25 01- otherwise; and
A bill making grants of land in alternate sec-
tions, to aid in the construction of railroads in
the Territories of Minnesota, Nebraska, and
Kansas.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. SAGE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers in the case of Ide, Coit& Co.,
to deliver them to the claimants to be prepared
for the Court of Claims.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to that. Let them
take copies.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I suggestthat the papers
be delivered to the clerk of the Court of Claims,
and then they can make such use of them as they
desire.
The SPEAKER. It is usual to grant such
requests where the papers arc to be referred to
the Court of Claims.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no objection to their
going to the clerk of that court.
Mr. SAGE. Very well. I am content.
An order to that effect was then made.
BILLS INTRODUCED, REPORTS OF COMMIT-
TEES, ETC.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following bills; which
were severally read twice, and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill authorizing the erection of a post office
building at the city of Cairo, Illinois. Referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Koads.
A bill authorizing the establishment of a na-
tional armory at the site of Fort Massac, in the
county of Massac, Illinois. Referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill authorizing the erection of a marine hos-
pital at Cairo, Illinois. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that, by unanimous consent, half an hour be de-
voted to the introduction of bills for the purpose
of reference only.
Mr. LETCHER. With the understanding
that there shall be an opportunity to object to
them.
Mr. MILLSON. I would ask the Chair to
suggest as an amendment, or as an addition to
the proposition just now laid before the House,
that the private bills from the Senate, now on the
Speaker's table, shall be taken up and read, for
the purpose of heing referred to the appropriate
standing committees.
The SPEAKER. That may be dore after the
reports are made. The reception of all the reports
Will not exhaust the half hour set apart.
Mr. CARUTHERS, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced
the following bills; which were severally read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands:
A bill to cede the public lands to the States in
which they lie;
A bill to authorize the survey of swamp lands;
A bill to amend certain acts in relation to lands
purchased from France.
Mr. TAYLOR, b;
by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced the fol-
lowing bills; which were severally read the first
and second time, and referred as indicated below:
A bill to authorize certain surveys m the State
of Louisiana, and for other purposes. Referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill to amend an act for the better organiza-
tion of the district court of the United States
within the State of Louisiana. Referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr HAVEN. I have in my hand some papers
which I could have disposed of by laying them
on the Clerk's table, but I wish to present them,
and have them referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary AfTairs, with this statement in the open
House. They are some papers m reference ti? a
military reservation within the limits of the city
of Buffalo, called Fort Porter. The city of Buf-
falo is making large improvements by way of
sidewalks and streets, and theyask from the con-
sideration of the Committee on Military Affairs
to recommend to the House that the Government
pay some portion of the expenses of these im-
provements in the immediate vicinity of this work.
I have nothing more to say.
There heing no objection, the petition was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAYIDSON, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
for the relief of Mrs. Charlotte Turner, of Louis-
iana; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BELL, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill to
divide the State of Texas into two judicial dis-
tricts; which was read afirstand second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. STRANAHAN, it was
Onhred, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the flips of the House of the papers m the case of John S.
Isaacs.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to make a report
from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MATTESON. What is it?
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is the consular bill, with
the lion-concurrence of the committee to the
amendments of the Senate.
Mr. MATTESON. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then, Mr. Speaker, I
have some communications from the Departments
which, I think, ought to be printed and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means. I will
ask to have that order made, if there be no ob-
jection.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I object.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be insuueted to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post road ui the State of Missomi,fiom Hart-
ville via Hickory Springs, toThomasville; and from Arrow
rock to Cambndge.
Mr. BILLINGHURST, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee'on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the propnety of setting apart, for a
marine hospital, the hospital building at Fort Howard, in
the State of Wisconsin, and to repoit by bill or otherwise.
Mr. GREENWOOD, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced
a bill to repeal an act entitled " An act to establish
a court for the investigation of claims against the
United States," approved February 24, 1€55;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I wish to make a single
remark. This bill provides for the repeal of tho
existing law. I therefore suggest that it go
directly to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. WALKER. I object to that.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Am I not entitled to
have a vote taken on my motion to refer to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot be enter-
tained if objection be made. The gentleman
from Alabama has the right to object.
Mr. WALKER. I did not object to the bill
being read a first and second time, but I objected
to that particular reference of it.
The SPEAKER. The right to object was dis-
tinctly reserved by the Chair; and the gentleman
from Alabama objects.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Do I understand the
Chair to object to the reference, or to object to
the bill with the reference? It has been read
twice, and I imagine the gentleman's objection
comes too late. . , . . ,, ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the ob-
jection came in time, inasmuch as the right to
object was distinctly reserved.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Very well; then I hope
the gentleman will let it go to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
There being no objection, the bill was leierreu.
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. BROOM, the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions was discharged from
the further consideration of a bill directing the
payment of arrearages of pension due Simon
Smith, deceased; iate a pensioner of the United
States, to his hcirs-at-law; and the same was re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to allow me
to offcr^he amendment to the rules of the House
of which I gave notice a few days ago. As is
known to the House, I am occupied with the
duties of the special committee, now sitting
during the sessions of this body. Therefore I
avail myself of this opportunity to ask the intro-
duction of my proposition. I hope there will be
no objection.
The amendment was read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows: •*
Resoh-et1, That the 50th rule of the House be amended
so as to read as follows:
The previous question shall be in this form: Shall the
main question be now put:" And if sustained by a majority
of the members preseni, its effect shall be to put an end to
all debate, and bring the House to a direct vote upon a
motion to commit—if such motion shall have been made—■
and if this motion does not psevail, then upon amend-
ments reported by a committee, if any; then upon pending
amendments ; and then upon the main question. If a ma-
jority of the members present refuse to order the mam ques-
tion, the House shall proceed with the consnlciation of the
subject as though no motion for the picvious question had
been made. On a motion for the previous question, a call
of the House shall be in order before the main question is
ordered, but not altei, until a decision of the main question.
Mr. COBB. I will state to the House, before
consent is given for the consideration of the
amendment, that I have altered "the verbiage of
the latter portion of the proposition as it was
introduced the other day. There has been no
change of sense. -
Mr. GROW. I ask that the gentleman will
state for the information of the House, in what
Ins amendment alters the rule as it is at present?
Mr. MILLSON. I object; I would not object
at any other time, but the House has just agreed
by unanimous consent, that a half hour shall be
set apart for the introduction of bills. I am
anxious that some bills on the Speaker's table
shall be taken up, and referred to their appro-
priate committees. When that is done, the gen-
tleman can then present and have his proposition
considered.
Mr. COBB. Perhaps the gentleman from "Vir-
ginia did not hear the statement with which I
prefaced the reading of my amendment. If he
had, I do not think he would make objection. I
am engaged on a committee which sits during the
session of the House, and this is my only oppor-
tunity. It will not interfere with the half hour.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 think it will.
Mr. COBB. I think it important that this
amendment should be adopted. If my friend will
allow me, I will make a statement in reply to the
interrogatory of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. , .
Mr. MILLSON. I think the proposition of
the gentleman from Georgia will lead to some dis-
cussion. As the gentleman is aware, I should
desire a modification of his proposition before it
is adopted by the House. I could not consent to
let the amendment pass silently; and if it be dis-
cussed, the gentleman will perceive that it will
interfere with the order of the House.
The SPEAKER. There are fifteen minutes
remaining of the half hour set apart for the re-
ception of reports. After the expiration of that
time, the gentleman may introduce his proposi-
tion. .
Mr. COBB. I will wait until then.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS, ETC,
Mr. TYSON, by unanimous consent, in pur-
suance of previous notice, introduced a bill to
continue the Delaware breakwater, Delaware;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. KENNETT, by unanimous consent, m
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
for the relief of the inhabitants of St. Louis
county, Missouri; v, Itich was read twice, and re-
fericj to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. KENNETT asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Comme ree be, and they
are hereby, instructed to inquire mtoThe
this House whether the railroad bridge across the ■** - 
i sippi nver ai Rook Island, Illinois,   e«h obstroc
