600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
attention to three different questions arising out
of our relations with foreign nations. Two of
these, concerning England, have been discussed
in the Senate; the other, which concerns the
payment *of the Sound dues to Denmark, has not
yet been mentioned here. In introducing it now,
I have no purpose to say anything as to the char-
acter of these dues, or to arrest the efforts of the
Government for the relief of our commerce from
foreign exactions. That is a broad field of his-
tory and of public law, which, for the presents-
there is no occasion to enter. My desire is
simply to open to you a question of domestic
interest under our own Constitution, with which,
of course, Denmark has nothing to do, but which
is necessarily involved in the determination of
our course on this matter.
The President, in his annual message, an-
nounces that—
" In pursuance of the authority conferred by a resolution
of the Senate of the United States, passed on the 3d of
March last, notice was given to Denmark, on the 14th day
of April, of the intention of this Government to avail itself
of the stipulations of the subsisting convention of friendship,
commerce, and navigation, between that kingdom and the
United States, whereby either party might, after ten years,
terminate the same at the expiration of one year from the
date of notice for that purpose."
The treaty, it will be noted, reserves to either
party—that is, to either of the Governments between
whom it is made—the privilege of terminating
it by notice; and the President, without the sanc-
tion of an act of Congress, but simply in pur-
suance of a resolution of the Senate, passed in
executive session, has constituted himself the Gov-
ernment, so far as to give such notice. Acting
under his instructions, our Minister at Copen-
hagen, on the 14th April, 1855, notified to the
Danish Government that—
" After the expiration of one year from the date of this
communication, the United States will regard the general
, convention ot friendship, commerce, and navigation, agreed
upon by Denmark and themselves on the 2(>th of Apul,
1826, as finally abrogated, and that after that period its pro-
visions will not be binding upon our Government."
In thus undertaking, merely with the consent
of the Senate, and without the cooperation of the
House of Representatives, to abrogate a treaty,
the President has assumed a power inconsistent
with the Constitution and disowned by the prac-
tice of the Government, adopted after debate on
leading occasions. Of course, such a usurpation
cannot be justified by tin* good that is sought-,
for that good might have been sought, and may
still be sought, by another course, in entire har-
mony with the Constitution and the practice of
the Government. Nor is it safe for any tempo-
rary purpose to remove constitutional landmarks.
The Constitution has declared, that " the Pres-
ident shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senate concur;" but it has not
declared that (lie President, by and with the con-
sent of the Senate, shall have power to abrogate
treaties. The absence of all language conferring
this cxtraoidinary power is itself an unanswer-
able argument against the existence of the power.
But we are not left to found our conclusion even
on irresistible inference. There are explicit words
of the Constitution, which determine it beyond
doubt. It is declared that—
"This Const'tution, and the laws of the United States
which shall be made in pursuance Iheieof, and all
treaties made, or which shall be made under the authority
of the United States, sham, be tiie suriuiMK law of the
land."—Jiit. vi.
In thus declaring treaties to be the supreme law
of the land, the Constitution not only gives to
them the highest authority, but places tfiem under
the highest safeguards known to our institutions.
When once made, they arc obligatory on our side
as laws, and can be abrogated by no power less
than that which may abrogate existing laws.
Not the President alone—not the President and
Senate—can set them aside; but, for this purpose
the whole power of the Government must be in-
voked, m its most solemn form, by act of Con-
gress. In conformity with this requirement, the
power to declare war, involving, of course, the
abrogation of treaties, is expressly lodged with
Congress. The President, with the consent of
the Senate, cannot, declare war; and it is difficult
to see what greater power he possesses in the ab-
rogation of an existing treaty, involving possibly
the rupture of friendly relations with a foreign
state, and involving certainly the overthrow of
hat the Constitution has declared to be the su-
preme law.
In thus placing treaties under all the sanctions
lof laws, I follow the best authorities. The emi-
nent commentator, Mr. Justice Story, in speaking
'of them, gives to them this character. In his
exposition of this very clause, he says:
%i( It is, therefore, indispensable that they should have the
,,obligation and force of a law, that they may be executed by
the judicial power, and be obeyed like other laws. This will
not prevent them from being canceled or abrogated by the
nation upon grave and suitable occasions; for it will not be
disputed that they are subject to the legislative power, and
■may be repealed like other laws at its pleasure."—Story's
Comm. on Const. ,$ec. 1838.
And the Supreme Court of the United States
has affirmed the same principle:
" A treaty is in its nature a contract between two nations,
not a legislative act." * * " In the United States a dif-
ferent principle is established. Our Constitution declares
a treaty to be the law of the land. It is consequently to be
regarded by courts of justice as equivalent to an act of the
Legislature, wherever it operates of itself, without the aid of
any legislative provision."—Foster vs. Neilson}% Peters,
Supreme Court Reports, 314
This is a decision comparatively recent. But
early in our history the authority of treaties
was much considered by the Supreme Court, in
the famous case of Ware vs. Hylton, 3 Dallas,
260, and we find judges from opposite sections of
the country arriving at the same conclusion. Mr.
Justice Cushing, of Massachusetts, said:
"The treaty i>> of equal force with the Cunstitutiun itself,
and certainly with any law whatever."
And Mr. Justice Iredell, of North Carolina,
passed directly upon the power of Congress, as-
serting that to this body alone was given the
power to abrogate a treaty under our Constitu-
tion. These arc his words:
" It is a part of the law of nations, that if a treaty be
violated by one party, it is at the option of the other party,
if innocent, to declare, in consequence of the bieach, that
the treaty is void. If Congress, therefore, who, I conceive,
alone have such authority under our Go vernment, shall make
such a declaration in any case like the present, I shall deem
it my duty to regard the treaty as void."—Ware vs. Ilylton,
3 Dallas, 260.
In practical illustration of this position of
treaties, it will be observed that they are published
with the laws of the United States, and constitute
a part of this collection, being bound between
the same covers; and I submit that the President
and Senate might undertake to tear out a leaf
from the Statutes at Large with as much propri-
ety as tear out an existing treaty.
Such is the rule of the Constitution, in con-
formity with which has been the practice of the
country. Never before hns the President as-
sumed to act without the House of Representa-
tives in the performance of this high duty.
This question arose early after the adoption of
the Constitution, in our relations with France;
and you will find, sir, on our statute-book the
evidence of the way in which it was regarded.
In 1708, the existing treaties with Prance were
abrogated by act of Congress, which, after a pre-
amble, proceeded as follows:
" lie it enacted by the Senate arid House of Representatives
of lite United States of Jlmorka in Conore^s assembled, That
the United States arc of light freed and exonerated from the
stipulations of the tioatie^ and of the consular conven-
tion lune.toibre concluded between the United States and
Fiance, and that the .same shall not be henceforth regarded
a-* legally ohh atoiy on the Government or citizens of the
United State*."—1 United State* Statute* ut Large, 578.
And this very a$t of Congress originated in the
Senate, which m that day undertook to exercise
no such power as is now claimed. It was not
passed hastily, or without debate. The subject
of our relations with France was referred to a
committee of that body on the 29th November,
1797. After the lapse of months,on the 21st June,
1798, Mr. Goodhue, from that committee, reported
a bill to abrogate existing treaties with that na-
tion,which passed the Senate on the23d June, by
a vote of 13 yeas to 5 nays. On the next day it
was carried to the House of Representatives,
where it was referred to the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union, there fully de-
bated, and finally passed on the 6th of July. In
the course of the debate, treaties were recognized
as laws, to be abrogated only by act of Congress. A
Representative from Massachusetts, afterwards
an eminent judicial character, Mr. Sewell, put
this point in these words:
"It is certainly a novel doctrine to pass a law declaring
a treaty void; but the nece&sity arose from the peculiar
situation of the country. In most countries, it is m the
power of the Chief Magistrate to suspend a treaty when-
ever he thinks proper. Here Confess only has that power.1'
Annals of Congress, 1797-'99, 2120.
This view was in no respect controverted or
questioned. On the contrary it was recognized
by the whole debate. Mr. Dana of Connecticut,
said:
« France has violated the faith pledged by her treaties
with America. This, by the law of nations, puts it within
the option of the Legislature to decide, as a question of expe-
diency, whether the United States shall any longer continue
to observe their stipulations."—Ibid., 2123.
Mr. Gallatin, whose position in our public
affairs was afterwards so justly distinguished,
employed the very language applicable to laws
when he spoke of the proposed abrogation of the
treaty as a repeal:
" He knew of no precedent of a Legislature repealing a
treaty. It is, therefore, an act of a peculiar kind, and it
appeared to him necessary that Congress should justify it
bya declaration of their reasons." * * * " It is not suffi-
cient to say that, because a treaty has been violated, we. will
repeal it."—Ibid., 2126.
Such is the first and leading precedent in our
history. The next is more recent, and of hardly
less importance. It was the notice to Great Brit-
ain of the termination of the convention of 1827,
relating to the joint occupancy of certain parts of
Oregon. This was not done by the President,
with the advice of the Senate in secret session;
but by act of Congress. President Polk, in his
annual message of 2d of December, 1845, called
upon Congress to act. These are his words:
" Under that convention a year's notice is required to be
given by either party to the other before the joint occu-
pancy shall terminate, and before either can rightfully as-
sert or exeicise exclusive jurisdiction over any portion of
the territory. This notice it would, in my judgment, be
proper to give ; and I reeommend that provision be made by
law for giving it accordingly, and terminating m tins manner
the convention of 6th August, 1827."
In pursuance of this recommendation, provision
was made by law for this notice. You will re-
member, sir, the debate which for months occu-
pied both Houses of Congress, and which was
closed by the passage of a joint resolution, ap-
proved 27th April, 1846; which, after a preamble,
proceeds as follows:
" Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That
the President of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized, at his discietion, to give to the Government of
Great Britain the notice required by the second article of
the said convention of the 6th of August, 1827, for the ab-
rogation of the same."—9 U. S. Statutes at Large, 108.
Such is the rule of the Constitution, sustained
by authoritative precedents in the abrogation of
successive treaties with two powerful nations,
France and Great Britain. Surely there cannot
be one rule for large States and another for small
States; nor will any one argue that a treaty with
France or Great Britain can be abrogated only
by act of Congress, but a treaty with Denmark
may be abrogated by the President without an
act of Congress. And yet, in apparent harmony
with this fallacious distinction, the Executive,
merely with the consent of the Senate obtained
in secret session, has assumed to abrogate a treaty
with the weaker State of Denmark; andhusgiven
notice that this abrogation will take effect on
the ensuing 14th of April. Not content with the
treaty-making power which it possesses under the
Constitution, it has now assumed the treaty-abro-
gating power, which it does not possess. And
this assumption becomes more objectionable when
it is considered how completely it excludes the
House ©f Representatives from an important
function in the Government. Louis XIV., m the
pride of conscious power, exclaimed, " I am the
State;" and permit me to say, that our own Ex-
ecutive, undertaking to act in this matter without
the sanction of Congress, effectively makes the
same declaration. To the Senate is justly given
large powers; but it now assumes more. Only
lately it authorized the origination of the great
appropriation bills, constituting the mainspring
of the Government, in defiance of the uninter-
rupted usage of Congress, and, as I submit, of
the spirit of the Constitution. What next, sir?
e< Cawdor thou art, and Glamis !" And where,
sir, in this career of aggrandizement, will you
stop ?
Whatever may be the merits of the existing
controversy with Denmark, I trust that the Pres-
ident will not clutch at the promised fruits so
eagerly as to disregard the requirements of the
Constitution, and the voice of the popular branch,
in the repeal of an existing law. In vain you
