THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
tion to the navigation of said stream as to conflict with
tli3 provisions or the ordinance of 1787' so4 the compacts
made with Mississippi and othe? States, guarantying that
said river shall be a common highway and forever free;
and that said committee report what action, if any, they
may deem proper to be taken by Congress in the premises;
and Uiat said committee have power to send for persons
and papers.
Mr. THORINGTON objected.
Mr. TAPPAN presented resolutions of the
State of New Hampshire on the subject of sla-
very injiie Territories, and the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise, in reply to certain resolutions
of the State of Arkansas; which were laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HERBERT, from the Committee on the
Post Office and PostRoads, reported back Senate
bill for the relief of John S. Scranton and James
M. Hunt; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. H., from the same committee, reported
back House bill to establish* a mail route on Pu-
get Sound, in Washington Territory; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, a bill of the House for the relief of Fred-
erick Stevens, for services rendered in the late
war with Great Britain; which was laid on the
table, and the report ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, made adverse re-
ports on the memorial of G. W. Post, and the
petition of Nathan Cook; which were laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask leave to introduce a
bill of which previous notice has been given. It
is intended as a substitute for a bill which came
from the Senate, in regard to the district courts of
Western Virginia. It is a bill to alter the times
of holding the courts in the western district of
Virginia, and for other purposes.
The bill was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
_ Mr. BURNETT offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, Tliat the Committee on the Port Office and Post
Road;* inquire into the expediency of estahUshin<: a post
route from Paducah, in the State of Kentucky, to Benton,
In the same State ; tlience to WaidsborO, in the same State ;
thence to Murray, ill the same State; and thcnce to Paris,
in the State of Tcnnc^ec. Also, into the expediency of
establishing a post route from New Concord, ia the State of
Kentucky, to the mouth of Sandy river, m the State of
Tennessee. Also, into the expediency of establishing a
post route from Canton, in the State of Kentucky, to Vance's
Ferry, in the same State, and thence to Murray, in the saine
State.
Mr. PECK, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following joint resolution; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs:
A joint resolution for the relief of the persons
who composed the Darien exploring expedition,
under Lieutenant J. G. Strain, United States
Navy.
Mr. HAVEN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs,by unanimous consent, reported back a
bill for the relief of Commander John L. Saun-
ders; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the memorial of W. P.
Sanger, praying compensation for performing the
duties of engineer at the Gosport navy-yard;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. THORINGTON, by unanimous consent,
presented ajoint resolution of the Legislature of
Nebraska Territory, praying that settlers on sec-
tions sixteen and thirty-six, reserved for school
purposes, be allowed to retain the same; and that
commissioners be appointed to select other lands,
in lieu thereof, in all the townships where said
lands are thus improved.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent ot the House to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill No. 286, in order that it maybe
referred.
No objection being made, Senate bill, entitled
"An act granting five years' half-pay to Mrs.
Ann Turner, widow of Elbert Turned, deceased,"
watr taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
reference of senate bills.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the Chair will take from the Speaker's table all
the private bills for the purpose of reference.
No objection being made, the following Senate
resolutions and bills were taken from the Speaker's
table, severally read a first and second time, and
referred as indicated below:
A bill for the relief of Hannah F. Niles. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
An act for the relief of James Davidson, of
Kentucky. Referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
An act for the relief of John Nugent. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act grantingbounty land to Jared L. Elliott.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act for the relief of A. S. Bender. Referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Rinaldo Johnson, and of Ann E. Johnson,
deceased. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of Nancy Bowen and
Sarah Larrabe. Referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
An act for the relief of Oscar P. Johnson, a
passed midshipman in the United States Navy.
Referred to the Committee on Naval Affair;'.
An act for the relief of William R. Jennings
and others. Referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
An act for the relief of J. Randolph Clay. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
An act for the relief of John Hastings, collector
of the port of Pittsburg. Referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.,
An act for the relief of Hannibal Faulk and
Eliza S. Collier, (formerly widow Scriber) and
the heirs and legal representatives of Benjamin
Scriber, deceased. Referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
An act for the relief of William G. Ridgley, and
Hodges & Lansdale, or their legal representatives.
Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of the heirs and represent-
atives of the late Robert Sewall. Referred to the
Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of Anthony Rankin, of
Tennessee. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of the heirs-at-law of Sarah
Crandall, deceased. Referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
An act granting a revolutionary pension to
Sarah Blount. Referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
An act granting a pension to Nancy M. Gun-
sally, formerly widow of Lyman M. Richmond,
deceased. Referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
An act for the relief of George Mayo, deceased.
Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
An act for the relief of Sally T. Matthews.
Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of James Y. V.Thompson.
Preferred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of John M. Mcintosh.
Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of Mrs. Jane McCrabb,
widow of the late Captain John W. McCrabb,
Assistant Quartermaster United States Army.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act to authorize the issue of a register to
the bark Tropic Bird. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
An act for the relief of the widow and children
of W. S. Derrick, deceased. Referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. CRAWFORD, byunanimousconsent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to establish pest roads in Georgia; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PRINGLE, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Indian Affairs a
bill for the relief of the heirs of Mary Jamieson,
deceased; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. PELTON, from the Committee of Com-
merce, reported a biH to require the employment
of apprentices in the commercial marine of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
hebrew congregation in washington.
Mr. CUMBACK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and put upon its
passage, Senate bill No. 199. It is for the benefit
of a religious society in this city, and will produce
no discussion whatever. I hope there will be no
objection.
There being no objection, Mr. C. reported back
a bill for the benefit of the Hebrew congregation
in the city of Washington.
The bill provides that all the rights, privileges,
and immunities, heretofore granted bylaw to the
Christian churches in the city of Washington,
be extended to the Hebrew congregation of said
city, and that the 3d section of the act approved
the 17th of June, 1844, entitled "An act concern-
ing conveyances or devises of places of public
worship in the District of Columbia," shall be
so construed as to allow the members of the He-
brew congregation, from time to time, by a vote
of two thirds, to elect their own trustees, and the
same, by a like vote, to displace at pleasure;
which said trustees shall, during their continuance
in office, have the same title in, and power over,
any lot or tract of land as if held by them under
the act aforesaid for a Christian church, or as if
they were appointed under said act trustees of
any Christian church: Provided, That any and
all legal and equitable rights, demands, or liabil-
ities of the said Hebrew congregation, acquired
or assumed by or through said trustees, shall be
limited to the trust property of said congregation
held by said trustees.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read a third time, and
passed.
john nugent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There was a bill
of the Senate referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs here, for the relief of John Nugent, giving
him a pension for the loss of both his arms, some
time last year, on one of the United States ships
in the firing of a salute. He is now in the city,
I think; I met him a few days ago. I suppose
that the House will some time pass that bill. I
know nothing of it, or of the case, except what
he told me, and what the bill itself relates. At
the time I met him, there was in his company
another person, who had formerly been a sailor,
and who was in the same condition; and he in-
formed me that a law similar to this one had been
passed for his relief at some prior session of Con-
gress. I think, therefore, that under the circum-
stances it would be as well for the House to take
up and vote upon this bill and pass it at once.
It is certainly a very urgent case.
There being no objection, Senate bill (No. 328)
for the relief of John Nugent was taken up.
The bill grants to John Nugent, of the city of
New York, who, while engaged in his duty on
board the United States sloop Germantown, m
November, 1855, at Montevideo, and while in the
act of firing a salute in honor of the birthday of
the Q,ucen of Spain, had one arm blown off, and
the other so much injured that it had to be sub-
sequently amputated, a pension of ยง30 per month,
to commence on 1st January, 1856, and to con-
tinue during his natural life, to bo paid out of the
Navy pension fund.
Mr. JONES. This bill proposes to give to
John Nugent, for the loss of both his arms, a
pension of thirty dollars per month, in lieu of the
pension to which he would be entitled by law. I
think that, for the loss of both arms, that is not
too high a pension.
Mr. BENSON. I would simply state, that a
majority of the Committee on Naval Affairs has
examined the case. The man is now in the city.
I believe that, if the bill had gone before the com-
mittee and been examined, it would have received
the unanimous approbation of the committee. I
hope it will be passed.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
st, thomas's literary society.
Abill(S. No. 98) to incorporate St. Thomas's
literary Society, in the District of Columbia,
