590
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 16,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Benjamin.
Senate.
thus reads the law: " The officers shall be restored
to their former rank, and be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate.' This is the way he quotes the law; !
this is the way he understands it. I understand the
law to make the restoration by the President de-
pendent upon the condition that the President
should be willing to exercise in favor of the officer
his constitutional power of appointment, and that
that power of appointment should be sanctioned by
the action of the Senate of the United States. It
is not an order that all these officers shall be re-
stored, making it the duty of the President to
appoint them; but it is that they shall be restored
to the service, provided the President anaoint
them, and the Senate confirm them. Let m^ve
the exact language again. They shall succeed to
these offices "in virtue of their former commis-
sions; provided that such officers so restored shall
be appointed by the President, by and with the ;
advice and consent of the Senate." If the Presi-
dent of the United States, upon examination, had !
discovered anymotive orcause sufficient to justify
him, in the exercise of his constitutional power,
to decline appointing any of the officers whom,
by this act of Congress he was authorized again
jo nominate, will the gentleman say, as he said
tust now, that those officers would be back in the
Army, or Navy, or marine corps, without his
nomination ? The question that I put to the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky was: If you can
that, by the legislation of Congress, you can put
officers back into places from which they have
been constitutionally removed, what do you say
to the case of an enactment by Congress, vetoed
by the President, and then passed by the consti-
tutional majority of both branches? The Sena-
tor answered, that in his judgment the officers
would go back in despite of the President. It
■was on hearing this, to me—I beg the Senator's
pardon for saying so—constitutional heresy an-
nounced, that I looked to the law to see if it were
possible to bear such an interpretation, and in my
judgment it is impossible so to read it.
I can find no precedent such as it is attempted
now to cite. If the object of the Senator from
Georgia in his bill, or of my friend from Ken-
tucky, who supports that proposition, be to pass
an enactment Dy which every officer who has
been removed from the service shall be restored,
provided the President shall nominate him, and
the Senate confirm the nomination, I may be per-
mitted to say that would be the idlest and most
useless legislation on the face of the earth; be-
cause we know perfectly well that, independently
of that legislation, it is within the power of the
President to nominate, and of the Senate to con-
firm. If it be intended as a mere recommenda-
tion by Congress for executive action, it may be i
addressed by a joint resolution to the President. )
The precedent would be an extraordinary one; \
but still it might be done; and the President
would then exercise his discretion in acting on
the advice of the two branches of Congress.
But, sir, it is not to be forgotten that, in all the
precedents to which gentlemen refer, the action
of Congress created afresh the offices, and recom-
mended to the President a restoration to offices
which Congress had abolished, and which Con-
gress again created. Under the law of the last
session, however, there is no new office for us
to create. The proposition is not to create as
many captaincies, commanderships, lieutenan-
cies, and midshipmanships, as correspond with
the retired and dropped officers, and recommend
the President to restore them to their former posi-
tions; but the proposition is this: After the Pres-
ident of the United States, in conformity with
the direct instructions of Congress, has nomin-
ated to vacancies which were created by removing
these officers, those who were next in rank and
seniority—after he has complied with that recom-
mendation of the legislative department of the
Government, it is proposed to repeal the law—to
take back to their old positions the officers who
have been thus advanced, and to put back into
the vacancies which have been thus filled the
officers who have been removed from them. This
it is proposed to us seriously to do, in virtue of
our constitutional power over the subject!
Sir, this seems to me to be a position utterly im-
powiblg to be maintained by any argument under
the Constitution of the U nited States .The Senator
from Georgia derives the power of Congress to
regulate this matter from that clause of the Consti-
tution which declares that " Congress shall have
power to make rules for the government and regu-
lation of the land and naval forces." This power
has been exercised since the foundation of the
Government, and has been unquestioned. This
claifse of the Constitution is, indubitably, to be
construed in connection with that other clause
which gives to the President of the United States
the power " to nominate, and, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint em-
bassadors, other public ministers, ana all other
officers of the United States, whose appointments
are not herein otherwise provided for." There
is not one clause in the Constitution which pro-
vides otherwise for the appointmentof officers of
the Army and Navy of the United States. The
clause on which the Senator from Georgia relies
simply gives power to Congress to regulate the
land ana naval forces. It does not take from the
President his power of appointment to office, and
it is upon that power of appointment that the
power of removal from office has ever been held
in this Government to depend.
It is idle for us at this late day to go back to
the first Congress of the United States, and enter
into an examination of the constitutional question
such as it existed at that day. It was settled
then. It may have been settled by a large or by
a small majority, but it was settled; it is the rec-
ognized practice of the country; it is the admitted
power of the Executive at the present day; and
after nearly three quarters of a century it is en-
tirely too late for us to go back to disturb the set-
tled practice of the Government. The Senator
from Georgia referred us to the debates in Con-
gress, and recalled to us the declarations and ar-
guments of Mr. Clay, Mr. Calhoun, and Mr.
Webster upon the subject. Without looking to
those arguments let me ask what was the result
of the discussion? Was the Executive power to
remove shaken? Was it in point of practice
changed one iota ? Had the whole of that able
phalanx of Senators who 09 this floor at that day
contested the executive prerogative the ability to
shake for one instant that executive power ?
Has it ever happened from that day to this, that
the action of the President of the United States in
the removal of an executive officer—and I call
the officers of the Army and Navy executive offi-
cers of the Government—has been successfully
called in question ? Officers have been dismissed
from every branch of the service; officers have
been dismissed from yourcivil departments, from
the Army, and from the Navy; and the Senate
of the United States has confirmed nominations
for their successors. On what ground, except
upon the admitted principle, that the power of
the President was competent for the dismissal of
the officers so put out of the service ? We cannot
go back and make constitutional arguments upon
the principle after an admitted practice of the
Government for seventy years. No question
would ever be settled; it would be impossible to
administer the Government upon principles like
this. The day must come—the time must arrive
at last, when questions like this must .be con-
sidered as settled in our country. This ques-
tion is so considered and has been by every Ad-
ministration which has successively come into
the possession of the power of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. President,again and again, in reference to
the execution of the law of the last session, we
have been told that men have been tried, con-
demned, and punished as criminals. What is the
punishment? Have they been fined ? Have they
been imprisoned ? Have any of the usual sen-
tences which mark judicial condemnation' been
inflicted upon them ? Has any man applied to
the President for a pardon from his condemna-
tion ? In the true sense of the words, can the
language of this act be so distorted as to convert
a board of officers, told to give their opinions to
the President about the efficiency of their fellow-
offieers, into a court that has tried them, and
condemned them for crimes ? The Senator from
Georgia and the Senator from Kentucky both
say that the language of 'the law requires an
investigation into capacity alone, and not into
efficiency. The language of the law is the
reverse:
" Which board, under such regulations as the Secretary
of the Navy may prescribe, shall make a careful examina-
tion into the ejficiency of the officers."
Mr. CRITTENDEN and Mr. TOOMBS. Go
on.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will go on; I mean to
read the whole of the sentence. The Senator
from Kentucky read only the latter half of it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 supposed that the
Senate understood it; and it was read so often
that I did not read it again, as I did not wish to
occupy the time of the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Georgia,
over and over again, stated in his seat, while the
Senator from Kentucky was making his speech,
that the word " efficiency " was interpolated by
the naval board and the Secretary of the Navy,
and this was not one of the tests which the law-
pointed out. Here is the language:
" Which board, under such regulations as the Secretary
of the Navy may prescribe, shall make a careful examina-
tion into the efficiency of the officers of the grades herein-
after mentioned, and shall report to the Secretary of the
Navy the names and rank of all officers of the said grades
who, in the judgment of said board, shall be incapable of
performing promptly and efficiently all their duty both
ashore and afloat."
I shall not stop to comment on the stress which
the Senator from Georgia lays on the word
"judgment." I said, just now, that in myjudg-
ment the Constitution provided for a certain
thing, but nobody in the Senate supposed that I
was thereby rendering a judicial decree. The
language of this act is not susceptible of that
interpretation. The members of this board were
ordered to report the names of officers who, " in
their judgment"—that is, in their opinion—were
not capable of doing their duty efficiently. It
appears to me impossible for any Senator to
have listened to the distinguished gentleman from
Florida yesterday, in his investigation of the
meaning of this clause of the act, and not yield
assent to his conclusion, that the moral character
of the officer was as much involved in the ques-
tion of his efficiency as his mental or physical
capacity to perform duty. In other words, it is
shocking to every sense, to every feeling that
onght to govern an American legislature, to give
such a construction to this act of Congress as the
Senator from Georgia gave to it when he said
that a man in the Navy, although steeped in
crimes*to the lips, and guilty of every offense
enumerated in the decalogue, is, within the lan-
guage of the law, so far as this board is concerned,
an efficient officer, provided he possesses the
physical and mental capacity to ao the duties
appointed to him.
That is not the meaning of the law, Mr. Pres-
ident; it is not the fair construction of the law;
and I say that it is impossible that the Congress
of the United States can have meant that a man
who had degraded himself in the estimation of
all his fellow-officers; whose name was a by-word
and a reproach in the Navy; with whom his fel-
low-officers refused to associate, and to whom they
wrote letters forbidding him to speak to them
except when compelled to hold communications
on official business; a man who was pointed at by
the tars of the Navy, about whom they would
whisper as he passed by, whom they looked upon
with contempt and horror as degrading the name
and character of an American officer;—I say it is
impossible that Congress could have meant that
such a man was an efficient officer to command
at sea, under the stars and stripes of your coun-
try. Congress never meant it. Congress will
| never say it. Let that question be put before us
! plain, clear, and broad, and not one vote will be
given in favor of such a proposition as that.
Now, Mr. President, here stands the law.
Gentlemen say that it created a court. A court!
No judge; no witness; no power to send for a
witness; no accusation; no power to hear an ac-
cuser; no defendant; no power to send for him;
no sentence; no condemnation; no judgment!
An opinion given by a body of officers of the
Navy to the Presidentof the United States, when
ordered by law to give that opinion, that A, B,
and C, were inefficient officers, whereupon the
President says to A, B, and C, "the Govern-
ment of the United States does not require your
