2200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Denver, Dodd, Dowdell,
IMie, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Henry M. Ful-
ler, Greenwood, Thomas R. Jtaton. Hughston, Knight,
Ijeitgr,Mace, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall,
Matteson, Maxwell, Millson, Millwaid, Morgan, Mott,
Murray, Felton, Pennington, Phelps, Prmgltt, Ricaud, Rob-
erts, Sa?e, Sandidge, Sapp, Sewaid, Samuel A. Smith,
iSieed, Spinner, Strartallan, Tappan, Taylor, Thorington,
Todd, Tyson, Walker, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Blhliu
B. Wasliburne, Wells, Wood, and Woodworth—63.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DOWDELL stated that Mr. Davidson
had paired off.
Mr. D. also said: As it is important to make a
further appropriation, in order to put a stop to
the Seminole war, we ought not to adjourn now,
and therefore I vote in the negative.
Mr. LETCHER. You may vote " no" for a
month, and that will not put a stop to the Semi-
nole war.
. Mr. PRINC4LE stated that Mr. Ritchie had
paired off with Mr. Harris, of Alabama.
The motion being agreed to, the House accord-
ingly (at twenty-five minutes past four o'clock,
a. m.) adjourned until Monday morning, at nine
o'eloclc, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, Jlugust 16,1856.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock.
*
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
- Mr. BIGGS. Although the Seriate is very
thin, it becomes my duty, as a member of the
Committee on Private Land Claims, in the ab-
sence of the chairman of thatconimittee, to intro-
duce a resolution to the general principle of which
I objcct; but it is necessary m consequoney of the
situation of the business of the Committee on
PrivateLandCIaims. Afterhuvmgconsulted with
the chairman of the Committee on the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate, [Mr. Evans,] i under-
stand he has no objection to it. I ask leave to
introduce a resolution to continue the employ-
ment of the clerk of the Committee on Private
Land Claims during the recess—not from year to
■fear, as is the ease with some committees.
Mr. HUNTER, .^suppose, if you continue
one, you must continue all. I understand that a
resolution was passed yesterday, giving one clerk
$2,100 a year.
Mr. "BIGGS. It is only on account of the
business of the Committee on Private Land
Claims that the resolution is introduced. I will
state to the Senator from Virginia, that there is
an immense claim pending before that committee.
Mr. MASON. L< t the resolution be redd.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on I'mutr Land ('1,11111*.
be aiuhonzed to continue the employment of incr eleik
during the reees-v, tor the purpose of continuim; llie inves-
tigation of facts and luuhoitticsieuuive to 1114)01 tant claims
pending betbie kaid committee.
Mr. MASON. Lot it lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is objected
to, and must lie over under tin* rules.
Mr. BIGGS. I hope the resolution will be
referred to the Committee on the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate.
The PIlESiDKNT pro lemporr. If there be
no objection the resolution will be referred to that
committee. The Clunr hears no objection.
LAND OPFICH AT VI.\CiLXNKS.
Mr. STUART. There is n bill, which I may
say with propriety is very miponunt to a section
of your State, sir, which has passed the I louse,
and ought to pass here. It has been reported
back from the Committee on Public Lands. It
is very important to the public interest. It is m
relation to the Vincennes laud district. I hope
the Senate will pass it row.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to eonsich r the
bill (H. R. No. 123) to continue the land office at
Vincennes, Indiana, and to asoci'tain and adjust
the titles to certain lands in the States of Indiana
and Illinois, formerly included within the Vincen-
nes land district.
Mr. MASON. Let the bill be read. I want to
know what it is.
7Jle TT5?£etaD' Proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall dispense with
the reading of the bill. It is a veiv lon^r *vne.
Mr. STUART. It is recommended by the
Interior Department and the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and has been examined by
the committees of the House and Senate.
There being no objection, the reading of the
bill was dispensed with.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
TALBOT C. DOUSMAN.
Mr. DODGE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up House bill No. 353,
winch has been reported from the Committee on
Private Land Claims withoutamendment. It is to
confirm the title to some lots in Prairie du Chien.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill (II. R. No. 353) for the relief of Talbot C.
Dousman.
It was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
COURTS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the unanimous consent
to take up a little bill for California that will pass
in two minutes. It is to put the courts there
under the general law of 1850. It has been re-
ported unanimously by the Committee on the
Judiciary.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill (S. No. 402) to provide for holding the courts
of the United States in the State of California,
in case of the sickness or other disability of the
jud^e of the distiict courts.
The Committee on tin Judiciary proposed to
ami nd the bill by striking out the first section,
and inserting- m hou of it :
That the net of ron^r-upnioved Juh 99, IPSO, entitled
" An act to provide <or holding trio eon its, of the United
States in ea-e of the Mrkne:-.-, or other disability ot tiie
ot' the di^tnct < ou' f V he, a id the • arne 1* heicby
extended and nrde to apply to the Knited States courts
toi the State of California; and all actf.uid parts of acts m-
eoMMi-tem with this net aic hotchy repealed.
The sccond scction provides, that if either of
the district judges of California has heretofore
held a term for the other, under the act of Janu-
ary JS, 1851, he shall rcccive from the Tieasury
his -reasonable expenses of travel to and from
his residence, and the place of holding the term,
and his expenses of living while holding it.
Mr. TOOMBS. The object of the committee
is to put California, in this respect, under the
general law of the land.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
lepotied 10 the Kenate as amended, and the
amendment was eouruired in. The bill was or-
dered to lie engrossed for a third re tiding, read
the third time, and parsed.
E3TKA C O M PENS AT ION TO CMPLOVHS.
Mr. CLA"^ I ON", I desire to oiler a resolu-
tion, to winch 1 suppose there will be no objec-
tion, and ask fonts immediate consideration:
J'aolrsr?, That thrie be allowed and paid to caelt of the
ciiipiojo** <11 tin; Sm.ite and in t!f eoti^iex-ion.tl libiury
the --aine ''ompen'satinu thai allowed to the employes of
the Hoitj-eoi Jlepu^eiitative* b\ a resolution of the House of
loth Aumi-i, U .75, in he paid out ot the contingent fund of
the fcSenate, under the duoeuon of the commntce to audit
and cordial the sinie.
Mr. HUNTIOR. I object.
The PilKSIDKNT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion cannot now 'no considered.
JBTU,S INTRODUCED.
Mr. GEVKIl nt-ked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
•160) to provide for tho improvement of the navi-
gation of the Missouri river by contract; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 461) to
provide for the improvement of the navigation of
the Mississippi n\or by contract; which was read
twi<.e by its Title, and leierrod to the Committee
on Commerce.
PATAPSCO RIVER BILL VETO.
Mr. PRATT. A motion was made to recon-
sider the vote on the passage of the bill making
I appropriation fortheimprovementofthcPatapsco
I river, but I learn that it'has been sent to the ;
House of Representatives. I move, now, that
the Secretary be instructed to ask for the return
of that bill from the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Barclay, Assistant
Clerk, announcing that the House concurred in
the resolution of the Senate for the suspension
of the 16th and 17th joint rules for the residue of
the session; that they agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the House joint resolution
(No. 27) extending the time for the creditors of
Texas to present their claims; that they agreed
to the report of the committee of-conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 71) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations with the various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1857. The message also an-
nounced that the House had passed the follow-
ing bills:
A bill (II. R. No. 381) for the relief of Amos
B. Corwin;
A bill (H. R. No. 385) for the relief of George
H. Giddings, contractor for carrying the United
States mail on route 1290;
A bill (H. R. No. 388) for the relief of Dr.
James Morrow;
A bill (H. R. C. C. No. 13) for the relief of
Mary Reeside; and
A bill (H. R. No. 276) granting bounty land
to the officers and crews of private armed vessels
commissioned by the United States.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill (H, R. No. 315) making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1857.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am charged, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, with two or three amendments, which I
desire to present. Two of the amendments are
of so nearly the same character that I will explain
them together. They are:
Sfc. —. jlndbe it fuitkcr enacted ^ That there be allowed
to Jacob Hall, for caitymg the mail on iouie numbered
8910, trom Independence to Santa F£, $22,000 per annum,
instead of the sum for winch lie contracted, commencing
August 6,1805, and ending with ln> eon a act; and the same
shall be in full for nl! lo«,se«; by him sustained in said service
[ by Indian depiedation1-, or otherwise. This grant is made
j on condition that the Postmaster General may at anytime,
j on giving thiee montW notice, annul the contract of aaui
Hall.
I Sfc. —. Jind be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
I Gcneuit is hereby authouzed to pay to George H. Giddings,
i contractor, for carrying the mail on route numbmed 19900,
i tiout Hantd F6, New Mexico, to tfan Antonio, Texas,
i monthly, raeh way, aceoidnur to the contract by winch said
j mm vii e i< now being peifoiined. the mm of $23",000 for ouch
I ycaiv sm ice. commeneincr the 8th of August, 18oo, am!
! contmunijr duimg in.s contiact: Provided, That the i'ost-
' iua«!<'i Geneial be, and In- j-v hereby, authonzed to amnil
said eontiact, on giving three months' notice to such con
tiaetor.
Mr. IIulI entered into a contract for carrying
the mail from Independence to Santa Fe. Mr.
Giddings was carrying the mail under contract
from Santa Fe to San Antonio. While they were
thus carrying- the mail, Indian wars and disturb-
ances bioke out, so that they have been put to
very great trouble and expense in providing
guaide, and have been carrying the mails at a
great loss. This has been fully shown. Under
the law by which we are bound to pay for dep-
redations in the Indian country, something has
been paid. Last year, Congress puton the Post
Office appropriation bill a similar pro vision making
this approbation for one year. The depreda-
tions have continued. These men are still com-
pelled to send guards with the mails, are still
incurring the same expense, and subjected to the
same losses to which they were before. The
scrvicc cannot be performed without this addi-
tional pay to Mr. Giddings and Mr. Hall; and
the committee, therefore, report that the same
allowance should be made now as was made last
year. The only difference is, that we now pro-
vide that it shall continue during the term, unless
the Postmaster General shall think proper to put
an end to the contracts.
Mr, HUNTER. It seems to me that these
