1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
are private claims. These amendments are to
pay an amount for past services, to give the par-
ties more than they contracted for, and they
ought not to be nut on an appropriation bill.
They are not for the current service.
Mr. COLLAMER. They are both for the
current service. The service cannot be performed
without them.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought they were to pay
the contractors for the years 1855 and 1856.
Mr. MASON. Does the Postmaster General
recommend the amendments?
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly; the service
cannot be done without this increased compensa-
tion. There is a provision that the Postmaster
General may put an end to the contracts on giving
notice. They are for the currentservice, without
which the service cannot be performed. If they do
not belong to the bill, I do not know what does.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us take the question.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not mean to raise a ques-
tion of order in reference to these amendments,
but if the state of facts be as represented, is not
this a question for executive functions? Is it not
an administrative duty? Has the Postmaster
General reported to us that these contracts cannot
be performed unless the additional compensation
be allowed? If not, are we not arrogating to
Congress actually the performance of executive
duties? We are not merely passing laws, but
undertaking to inquire into their execution in
cases where no complaint is made by the officer
charged with carrying out the laws. It seems to
me that is the character of the amendment. If
it be true that these services cannot be performed
for the present rates, (and that is the only ground
on which the amendment can be sustained,) why
lias not the Postmaster General so represented to
us, and asked for authority to conclude an addi-
tional contract5 If your executive officers are
worth anything, that is their appi*opriate duty.
There is no complaint of breach of faith; but we
are asked to initiate in Congress legislation on a
purely administrative matter, without any action
of the Department. Every day you say that you
require, for purposes of appropriation, that the
Department shall make its estimates, and send
them to you. That is one way in which we^con-
duct our business. This is a purely administra-
tive matter.
I know nothing of the case except the state-
ment now made; but 1 understand there is no
recommendation from the Department. Surely
the Postmaster General ought to be acquainted
with the facts better than we can be, whether this
contract can be carried on without further legis-
lation on the part of Congress; and in the absence
of any recommendation from him, I am not dis-
posed to interfere with the executive function by
means of legislative action. I shall vote against
the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman from Del-
aware and myself do not understand this matter
alike. These are very important contracts to be
carried into effect. They constitute the only con-
nection with our Territory of New Mexico. The
last Congress, a year ago, fully examined this
subject. The Department then recommended
this increased compensation; and now, on being
asked for the communication, tell us that the
same state of things continues, and submit it to
Congress. That is the action of the Department.
The Postmaster General has not the power to
increase the compensation.
Mr. BAYARD. All I ask of the honorable
Senator is, whether the Department has recom-
mended that this appropriation be continued dur-
ing the term of the contract? Does the proposi-
tion come here on the recommendation of the
Department, or is it on the initiation of the
committee? That was the whole question with
me.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Department, on our
applying to them, stated the facts, and said to
us that they stood as they did last year, and left
the subject to Congress to make what provision
they should think proper. The Postmaster Gen-
eral said ho had no power to do it. We propose
to leave to him to discontinue it hereafter. He
has no power to raise the pay of these contract-
ors. He submits it to Congress to fix such pay
as they think proper, stating that the condition
of things which induced the increase last year
still continues. J believe it is the opinion of the
Department that this is the only way of securing
the service.
Mr. BAYARD. I think, that when an ex-
ecutive officer desires to have authority to change
a contract, to increase the compensation of con-
tractors, it is a very simple matter for him to
apply to us for the purpose; and his communi-
cation ought also to be in writing. For the per-
formance of executive duties, the responsibility
rests with the executive officers. If we are
misled by them into allowing too large a com-
pensation, we know to whom to look as the
author of the extravagance; but if we are simply
to be told on this floor, that the Postmaster Gen-
eral leaves this matter to Congress, it is an abne-
gation of his own duties. It is his duty to
superintend the performance of Post Office con-
tracts; and if the money appropriated is insuf-
ficient to carry them out, it is his duty to recom-
mend to us an enlargement, he taking the proper
responsibility for the performance of the mail
service. Whenever he does that on his own re-
sponsibility, I am willing to vote for the proper
appropriation. I am not willing to do it other-
wise.
The question being taken on a division, re-
sulted—ayes nineteen, noes not counted.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I entirely agree with what has
fallen from the Senator from Delaware. We know
the nature of contractors. They are constantly
for increasing their gains at the expense of the
Government. We know the duties of the ad-
ministrative officers. It is ordered by law that
a mail shall be carried between these points. If
the Postmaster General, upon whom the responsi-
bility rests, comes here and says the mail can-
not be carried without an increased expenditure
for guards, we know on what to rely; but if the
contractor comes and says, "T want a contin-
uance of the guards," and the Postmaster Gen-
eral says, " I submit it to Congress," there is no
responsibility. Let the Postmaster General ex-
ercise his responsibility; and if the fact be that a
guard is necessary, let him send a message to
Congress, through the President, asking for it.
But if we yield to the demands of contractors
who are depredating constantly on the Govern-
ment, I need not say what will become of the
Treasury.
Mr. HOUSTON. This subject is one of great
interest to the frontier. This is not a measure
that has been improperly brought forward and
thrust into the Senate. It was brought here legit-
imately by the Postmaster General. He recom-
mended the course that has been taken. He said
he did not possess the competency to conduct
this mail service as the publxcnecessities require.
It was of such a peculiar character, so novel, and
the establishment of an important route, that
legislative provision had not been made suffi-
ciently on the subject, and it was proper that it
should be referred to Congress; but he had not
competency in his Department.
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me to
interrupt him for a moment, to ask for the read-
ing of the communication of the Postmaster Gen-
eral. We can have no communications with the
Departments that are not in writing.
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee called on
the Postmaster General 
Mr. COLLAMER. I hope I shall be indulged
for a moment. There was a separate hill reported
for the relief of Mr. Hall, and also a bill for the
relief of Mr. Giddings. Those two bills not hav-
ing passed Congress, and their provisions being
necessary to the service, the committee propose
to insert them in this bill. In relation to Mr.
Hall's case, there is a letter of the Postmaster
General among the papers. It will be observed
that, at the last Congress, provision was made
for the relief of these two parties, on a statement
of the case by the Postmaster General. The
committee again applied to the Postmaster Gen-
eral this year, and the Secretary has the letter,
which he will please read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Post Office Department, July "23,1856.
Sir : [ have received your letter of 16th instant,, together
with the petition of Jacob Hall and accompanying papers,
for additional pay on mail route No. 8912, from Independ-
ence to Santa F4.
ATeeablv to the act of Congress m his favor, Mr. Hail
received $20,00') for the vear ending 16th August last, being
more than double the pay specified in .his contract* In ad-
dition to sach special appropriation of money, further relief
was afforded by certain grants of land on- the line of Ills
route. These acts of Congress were designed, as I con-'
ceived, not merely for his temporary benefit, but, also to
enable him to continue and fulfill the service required by
his contract. There was.it is true, a provision authorizing
the annulmentof the contract, with the contractor's assent*
but the question being left to my discretion, I was in duty
bound to consider it with reference to the interests of tb 
Department. Accordingly I declined assuming such re-
sponsibility, in view of the probability of involving heavy
additional expense by reletting the route, and I have no
grounds for a different opinion at this time. If. from the
evidence before Congress, the contractor was entitled to a
release besides additional pay, I cannot perceive why there
was no positive enactment to that effect. My own conclu-
sion was, that Congress did not consider the evidence satis-
factory, and, therefore, only granted such relief as seemed
clearly demanded by the exigencies of the case. Whether
that relief was intended to be for one year only, and should
now be further extended, as petitioned for, is submitted to
the wisdom of Congress, where alone the question can be
finally decided.
The papers submitted by you are herewith returned.
I have the honor to be, &c., &c.,
JAMES CAMPBELL.
Hon. Jacob Collamer, United States Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. The relief granted last
year was expressly provided for in this manner.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. WilJ the Sen-
ate take the vote on both amendments, or on the
first? There are two. The first is for Mr. Hall.
Mr. BAYARD. I see no difference. There is
no recommendation for either.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be taken on both amendments together.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
27, nays 12; as'follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bel) of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Bigler, Bright, Collamer, Douglas, Durkee,
Fish, Foot, Poster, Geyer, Hale, Harlan, Hone ton, James,
Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Pratt, Sebastian, Seward, Stuart,
TiumbulJ, Wade, Welier, Wilson, and Yulec—27.
NAYS — Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Biggs, Brodhead, Clay,
Hunter, Iverson, Mason, SJidell, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombs, and Wright-—12.
So the amendments were adopted.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have one other amend-
ment from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads:
And be it further enacted, That the proper accounting
officers of the Post Office Department be, and they are
hereby, authorized and required to execute the joint reso-
lution for the relief of Seth M. Leavenworth, now deceased,
approved the 6th day of August. 1846, and that the amount
found due shall be paid to his legal representatives, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that to carry out an exist-
ing law ?
"Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well; let us vote on it.
The amendment was agreed to.*
Mr. STUART. I wish to offer an amendment
from the Committee on Finance, which ought to
have been offered some time ago:
Jind be it further enacted, That the proviso at the end of
the third section of the act of March 3, 1851, entitled " An
act making appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department duiing the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1852,
and for other purposes," is hereby repealed.
The^third section of that act authorized the
Postmaster General to compromise claims with
debtors of the Department for fines and forfeit-
ures; but it was limited by the proviso to cases
that had already occurred. This proposition is
to repeal the proviso, so as to continue the power.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and lie is hereby, authorized and directed, after the
usual advertisement, to contract with the best bidder, m
point of tune and amount of compensation, for a semi-
weeklv mail service to some point on the Mississippi river,
to be designated by the Postma^er General, to be carried
in tour-hoise coaches, through the States and Territories
of the United States, to San Francisco, in the State of Cal-
ifornia, for the term of four years from and after the time
of the commencement oi the service, winch shall not be
more than one vear after the proposals are made and ac-
cepted: Provided, Parties will propose and contract to
transport such mail between the points named within nine-
teen days during the first year of service, within seventeen
days during the second year of service, and within fifteen
days thereafter^and for the sum of not more than five hun-
dred thousand dollars per annum; and, m the event of a
failure to make anv one tiip within the time named as afore-
said,an amount shall be deducted fiom the gross sum pay-
able to said contractors equal to the proportion thereof
payable for one trip.
Sec. 2. AnA be %t further enacted, That the said con-
tractors shall be entitled to have and to hold, m their own
right, for which patents shall be issued to them, any unim-
proved and unappropuated lands of the United States, not
exceeding one hundrsd and t>ixty acres in ©ach, along tin?
