599
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 16,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Hoard—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
fourths of a century, I think it is too late for him
now to tost that question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will then inform the
Senator that it has never been concuri® in; that
the President of the United States has never con-
sented to give up his judgment in these matters.
I think the Senator cannot show an instance of
it. Whenever the President of the United States
has thought proper to overslaugh an officer, he
haa done it, although the rule was promotion by
rank and seniority; and then the Senate of .the
United States "before it consented to the over-
slaughing, inquired into the grounds; but the
President has never abandoned His right to select
the officers for promotion. •
Mr CRITTENDEN. The President of the
United States, so far as the practice of our Gov-
ernment has gone, has abandoned it by a uniform
train of conformity to the opposite course in all
his actions. In this way it is settled as well as
any other doctrine of the law has been confirmed
by such a practice. The rule is as I have stated;
but there may be exceptions to the contrary. The
gentleman, perhaps, has inquired more into that
point than I have, but the exception proves the
rule. The rule has operated in one thousand
cases out of every one thousand and one; and ttie
President, where he has made the attempt, has
not been permitted to depart from it. I was in
this body as a member many years ago, when a
case was presented where a gentleman was en-
titled, by seniority, to promotion to a certain rank
in the Army. He was on his bed from a wound
received from a ball shot by an Indian. His
spine was affected, and he was unable, for a long
time, to get out of bed. Finally he was able to
walk about, and a few years afterwards I saw
him taking exercise in a little carriage which he
moved himself. The President overslaughed him,
and represented in a special message the facts of
the case. This was an attempted departure from
the rule, but an excuse was attempted to be given
by the President for passing him by and recom-
mending another officer. In the message the
President stated the condition in which that of-
ficer was placed by his wound, and that he would
never probably be capable of service again. That
case was before the Senate, and the question was
presented whether the Presidentshould be allowed
to make an exception under the law. It was a
strong case. I do not remember the name.
Mr. MALLORY. Searle.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Major Searle I believe
it was. The office to which he was entitled to be
promoted was a majority in a regiment. The
Senat*, on debate, decided thatit was important to
adhere to the rule, arid that Major Searle should
not be passed by, notwithstanding his acknowl-
edged inability to mounta horse. The President
conformed to the decision of the Senate, con-
formed to the rule of law, and Mr. Searle was
promoted as a major.
This is evidence of the long-continued rule and
practice. 1 will not say that there have not been
exceptions, but I have not seen them; and I say
the law has been recognized as a binding au-
thority, and the President has conformed to it.
When the statute on which we have been com-
menting says, in terms, that the President shall
nominate the officer to the Senate, and that he
shall have a new commission, does it make it
dependent on the President whether he shall have
a commission or not? Does the previous restor-
ation by the law amount to nothing? Does it
leave the whole matter to the discretion of the
President whether the man should be appointed
or not? Suppose that provision, exactly as it
exists in this case, had been added to the general
law regulating promotions—"provided, that the
President should appoint them:" it is providing
only that under this law, by which a man is pro-
moted, he shall have a new commission given to
him, and that is the manner in which it is to be
done. What is the provision of the law about
the construction of which the Senator from Lou-
isiana and myself differ ?
" That all the officers of the old army who received ap-
pointments in any of the additional regiments raised for the
war with Mexico shall be restored"—
This is imperative language. Restored to
what?
—" to their former regiments or corps, and rank as addi-
tional officers of the respective grades to which they would
hav«Tsucceeded, and to which they n0W shall succccd, m
virtue of their formef commission.
This is positive and emphatic;and then comes
'the proviso:
« Provided, That fuoh officers, so restored, shall be ap
pointed by the resident, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate."
What is the meaning of that.? The language
is: " Provided, That such officers, so restored,"
(fee. Then they are already restored in the con-
templation of this law. The previous part had
in the most mandatory language said they " shall
be restored." This proviso speaks of " officers
so restored." What is the President to do in
respect to them? Though they are so-restored,
it is provided that they shall have the further
sanction of a commission to be given to them, and
therefore, the President shall appoint them, and
nominate them to the Senate. The language is:
• 'That such officers, so restored, shall be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate." Was not the President
bound to nominate them ? Did he not do so ? Did
he not acknowledge this power, as in the case of
the general regular promotions in the Army ? Did
; he not conform to and obey this mapdate of the
law, and did he not nominate them, and, by and
with the advice an® efensent of the Senate, appoint
them ?
The construction of the Senator from Louis-
iana makes the whole restoration of these officers
depend entirely on the will of the President. I
ask what was the use of the law on that con-
struction ? Where was the propriety of saying,
"they shall be restored," and, in the very proviso
which follows, emphatically saying, " officers so
restored?" There may be a doubt about this
construction; 1 will not say that the construction
of the honorable Senator is not deserving of con-
sideration. He does not make it certain that
there is some ambiguity in the law, but I will not
say, as he did of me, that he has misstated the
Mr. BENJAMIN. " Mistaken" is the word
I used.'
j Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think the meaning
i of the law is as I have stated; namely, Congress
provided that these officers should be restored,
and directed the manner of doing it, just as they
directed the President, in regard to regular pro-
motions in the Army, to promote according to
seniority, and the Senate has enforced that prin-
ciple. The Senate has insisted upon it, even in
opposition to plausible ground, and good-ground,
as in the case of Major Searle, for a contrary
course. The Senate would not allow him to be
made an exception, but held the President to
'conformity with the law. So with this law: the
proviso is nothing but a declaration entitling the
j party to a commission in his new office—the new
office to which he was appointed. The provision
is that he "shall be restored," and the President
shall do it by nominating him to the Senate, and,
by and with their advice and consent, giving him
a commission. Such is my interpretation of the
law, right or wrong.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, my friend from
Louisiana, carried away by his zeal, has entirely
misunderstood the object and effect of the bill
which I have suggested. It does not dispose of
those retired officers of whom he speaks, who are
content with their position, but leaves them under
the law of 1855. So much for that point.
Now, sir, I have a few words to say on one or
two other points of my late speech, which has
been called in question, especially on the constitu-
tional power of removal by the President. I say
that the power of Congress, under the Consti-
tution, has been exercised from 1789 to the pres-
! ent time, to control the appointments of the Pres-
ident in the Army and Navy. The Senator from
Louisiana says that the clause of the Constitution
which declares that the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint
all officers not otherwise provided for in the Con-
stitution, controls every other clause. He says
this in the face of the fact, that the very act which
he is defending this day destroys that power.
The very act which he now maintains destroys
it, because it says that the President of the United
States shall appoint by seniority to these very
vacancies created by the action of the board.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is not constitutional.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is not a constitutional law,
the gentleman says, but it seems to be good law
for-the President, for he has pursued it whether
it be constitutional or not. 1 give you the first
act, and I give you the last act. I give you the
act which the Senator stands here to-day" to vin-
dicate, under which this perfidious and atrorioua
proceeding has been-carried on in the face of high
Heaven and of this country. The President has
Eursued it whether it be constitutional or not. He
as presented the appointment of every man ac-
cording to seniority in pursuance of the very act
which he signed. But, besides that, again and
again Congress has, in more than a dozen acts,
1 utterly repudiated this assumed constitutional
power by taking the entire direction of the ap-
pointments and dismissals of officers of the Army
I and Navy. An act was passed in 1789, adopting
the rules and regulations for the government of
the Navy and Army which existed under the old
Confederation, and by them officers were dis-
missed without the least regard to the action of the
President. Again, other acts direct him to appoint
officers during the session of the Senate, or during
the recess, with its advice or without it, as Con-
gress might think proper, utterly disregarding the
constitutional power of appointment referred to
by the Senator, and which could only be done on
my interpretation of the Constitution and not on
that of the Senator from Louisiana.
In 1834 additional officers were putin the marine
corps—a colonel, lieutenant colonels, and other
officers; and the law expressly provided that the
President should appoint all of these officers by
promotion from the then marine corps. I sup-
pose the gentleman will say that that is unconsti-
tutional too?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It was not obligatory at
all. It was a mere recommendation.
Mr. TOOMBS. The law is not a recommend-
ation. It is, imperative that he shall do it in a
certain way, and in no other. It is clear, distinct,
and unequivocal.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I (Jo not mean to say that
the Senator is mistaken in the law; but I say no
law can birfd the constitutional power of the
President in the selection of persons whom he
nominates for office under the Constitution.
Mr. TOOMBS. But the gentleman relies on a
legislative exposition as the whole foundation of
this executive power; and yet, when I bring him
a legislative exposition, he says that it is un-
constitutional. I suppose that depends upon
which of us construes the Constitution rightly.
He stands on the act of 1789, passed by a tie
vote in the Senate, and by a majority of seven in
the House of Representatives, and contends for
that precedent as paramount authority for all
ages, and over all other precedents even of the
same body. The Senator may or may not be
right in principle, but it is certain his precedent
does not help him. Sir, if this precedent was
uncontradicted—if it had the force claimed for it,
that is not the judgment of the people of the Uni^
ted States on the force and effect of legislative
expositions of the Constitution. They have
wrenched from the statute-book an act signed by
General Washington, and passed by the First
Congress, on the ground that the act in question
violated the fundamental law, and they will doit
again whenever they find a precedent against
principle. An act passed by the First Congress
i is the sole foundation for this extraordinary
i power which it is said is vested in the President
I of the United States. It rested solely upon a
' vague, undefined claim of executive power which
can find no support in the Constitution and is as
dangerous as unfounded. I again repeat there is
no executive power in this country except that
expressly given by the Constitution. I have ar-
gued the question at length; I do not intend to
argue it again; but the gentleman leaves it where
I did, and where the Constitution left it. The
decision of 1789, as Mr. Clay, and Mr. Calhoun,
and Mr. Wpbster said, was wrong, and the weight
j of authority, even in 1789, was against it; and
I all of its respectable advocates, with Madison at
j the head, confine it exclusively to executive offi-
1 cers, and not to naval and military officers.
