THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MAY 30, 1856.
New Series....No. 84.
have given away immense quantities of the public
lands to the soldiers of the country—those who
have been engaged in the service of the country.
You have given them million on million of acres.
And, sir, before the Iowa land bill was passed,
the warrants which issued under the act of 1855
to those soldiers would command in this market
from $1 05 to §1 12 per acrc. Now, sir, what
is the condition, and what is the value, of these
warrants? They are in the hands of those whom
Congress wished to benefit. They were issued
to those who had gone into the military service
of the country. And when you passed the Iowa
land bill, the land offices in that State are closed
until these railroad donations can be set apart.
You pass another and another of these bills, and
as fast as you pass them you close your land offices
and say to these soldiers—to their widows, and
to their minor children—to whom you have
issued these land warrants, "You cannot go
there. The railroad is a privileged claimant. The
State made the railroad, and it will not be satisfied
with a quarter section of land—it will not be
satisfied with a section; and you, who were in
the front rank when your country called, in the
hour of danger and of peril, must stand back
until these cormorant corporations shall be sat-
isfied, and shall have their portions set apart."
Now, sir, since these bills have passed, what
effect has been produced on the land warrants
jssued to these soldiers, and their widows and
minor children ? Why, one denomination of them
has fallen in this market from one dollar and six
cents or one dollar and seven cents to eighty cents
per acre. Twenty-five cents on the acre has been
the fall on the warrants of one hundred and
twenty acres. The eighty acre warrant,and the
one hundred and sixty acre warrant, which com-
mended from one dollar and ten cents to one dollar
and fifteen cents per acre in this market, are now
down to ninety cents per acre; and how much
further they may depredate I do not know. But,
sir, the greater the depreciation the better for the
capitalists of the country. "When these land war-
rants shall go down to thirty, or forty, or fifty,
or sixty cents per acre, then comes the capitalist,
and invests his money in them. After these rail-
roads shall have had their portions set apart, the
reserved sections will be again offered at public
sale in the market, and those which do not bring
two dollars and fifty cents shall go over, and after
that be subject to private entry at two dollars and
fifty cents per acre.
Now, sir, the land warrants issued under the
acts of 1847, 1850, and 1852, can be used in the
entering of lands heretofore reserved along the
railroad lines at one dollar and twenty-five cents
per acre. The person having a warrant issued
for services in the Mexican war, or under the
acts of 1850 or 1852, can go along one of the lines
of these roads where the lands are held at two
dollars and fifty cents per acre, and by giving a
one hundred and sixty acre warrant, and two
hundred dollars, he can enter a quarter section of
land. But these warrants that are now in the
country, and that are being daily issued by the
hundred to the soldiers, and their representatives
entitled to them, cannot be used in that way.
They arc not available in that way. They can
only be used in the entering and location of land
subject to private entry at one dollar and twenty
five cents per acre or less. But when these lands
shall have gotten to their lowest price, and shall
have gotten into the hands of the capitalists of
the country, then I should not be surprised to
find in this Congress a proposition to place these
warrants on the same footing as the warrants is-
sued under the acts of 1847, 1850, and 1852, to
make them available in entering on the sections
reserved at two. dollars and fifty cents per acre;
and I now here give notice that I shall oppose
any such thing. But I would make them avail-
able in the hands of the soldier, or his widow, or
children, to whom they are issued. And, sir, Ij
will go further than that: I will vote here for a '
bill authorizing any person entitled to aland war-
rant, under that act of 1855, to take instead the
84
money at the rate of one dollar and twenty-five
cents per acre.
Mr. THORINGTON. I would inform the
gentleman that I introduced a bill this morning,
having in view the proposition he mentions.
Mr. JONES. Then 1 say 1 should be willing
to give the holders of land warrants, under the
act of 1855, that privilege while the warrants arc
in the hands of the persons to whom they were
issued; but 1 will go against giving it to persons
who are buying them up at loss than §1 25 per
acre._ I will go with the gentleman from Iowa,
or with any other gentleman in the IIouso, for a
bill to pay to those who receive warrants from the
Treasury the price of them in money. It would
be a better disposition of them.
Now, I have said that this is one of the means,
and the most successful one, forgetting clear of
the public lands. 1 regret that any man in this
whole country who gets into Congress should
ever be bitten by the mania of getting clear of
the public lands. 1 for one do not wish to get
clear of them any faster or more rapidly than the
agricultural wants of the country require. They
must be held by some power, or by some capital-
ists, until the agricultural wants of the country
require them. You may give them to the State,
or you may sell them 111 the market, and concen-
trate them in the hands of capitalists. 1 have no
objection to capitalists, but 1 have objection to
this Government putting it in their power to ex-
tort from the great body of the people what they
cannot live without—the land.
Then, sir, 1 say, you may give them away to
the State; you may give them to railroads; you
may put them in the market, and let them con-
centrate in the hands of capitalists; but do you
by that act increase the people? You do not, by
thus getting rid of your land, increase the number
of persons who are to settle and to cultivate them.
Then they must be held either by the Govern-
ment, by the States to whieh you give them, by
railroads, or by capitalists—into whatever hands
they may happen to get—until they are wanted
for agricultural purposes. If J had my will with
respect to these public lands, I would repeal all
your laws offering them at public sale. I would
never allow another acre of the public lands to be
sold to the highest bidder. I would, in the first
placc, repeal all such laws authorizing them to
be thus sold. I would then provide by law for
their being entered, in limited parcels, by actual
settlers, at the lowest price at which the Govern-
ment can sell them and be reimbursed the amount
which they cost, or an approximation to it. Then,
sir, I think that I would be enhancing the inter-
est and welfare of that great class of persons in
this country who earn their bread by tilling the
earth; and in doing that we would be contributing
to the greatness, the prosperity, the gloryof this
great country.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is one point which
I have touched upon which, could this House
sec it in the light in which T see it, and could the
people of this country view it as I do, never
again would an alternate-section railroad bill pass
this House. I say, sir, that, as objectionable as
these bills are in their general and in their several
provisions, there is no one feature of them more
obnoxious or more objectionable to me than that
provision of the bill which raises the reserved
section from §1 25 to $2 50 per acre, under the
pretext, under the assumption, that you thereby
indemnify the Government from loss in the giving
away of these lands—under the assumption that
by giving away one half and selling the reserved
half at double the price which it would have been
sold at before, that the Government gets as much
money. Is not that an additional tax on the
people who pay $2 50, instead of $1 25, for each
acre, for the benefit of the railroad? I, then,
sir, ask the advocates of these bills—leaving out
of the question the power of this Government
to make railroads—is it right, is it just, that you
should thus tax the labor of the country—the
agriculturists of the country—those who buy
your lands and can alone make them valuable,
and make them productive forthe benefit of those
who " toil not, neither do they spinf,>
Now, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman said on yes-
terday that the principle on which these bills
are based was well understood. The principle
on which they were first started is understood, I
grant. At first, as I have before stated, these
bills were ur^ed because the construction of the
railroads asked for ran through a prairie coun-
try, which, from a waste, would be settled and
brought into cultivation. Without the roads it
was urged the lands would be very slowly, if ever,
brought into market. That was the principle
then; but what is the principle now? On what
ground was the Florida bill urged? What argu-
ment was made in the case of the Alabama bill,?
Whatreasons arc advanced in favor'of this Louis-
iana bill ? A portion of the latter State has been
m this Confederacy for fifty years. A road is to
run through the country winch lies broadside to
1 my district. The alternate sections have been
granted with that view. Now, sir, right of way
and alternate sections are given to roads which
are nearly completed, and on which cars have
been running for months.
Mr. LETOIIEII. Where?
Mr. JONES. Alabama.
Mr. LETCIIER. That was by the bill we
passed the other day?
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir; I allude to the Mem-
phis and Cluulcston road. The right of way
and alternate sections aie granted. It intersects
the Nashville and Chottanoogaroad at Stevenson,
and from thence to Memphis. The cars have
been running for some months to Tuscumbia, in
Alabama, within twenty or thirty miles of th«
Mississippi line.
Did that road want the right of ways The
lands in that country have been offered for sale
since 1818. The country has been settled for
foi ty odd years; it w as settled during the late war.
It was a part of the Mississippi Territory, and
many of the lands there are what wc consider
worn out. Last session I did what 1 could with
others to secure the passage of the graduation act.
Why ? Because it was for those for whose ben-
efit the public lands ought to be disposed of.
Lands in market, and unsold for thirty years,
under that bill can be bought for twelve and a
half cents per acre. Much of the land through
which the road runs has been in market at that
price.
Now, under the bill passed the' other day, the
price of reserved sections is advanced from twelve
and a half, or twenty-five, or fifty cents to $2 50
per acre. Will the running of this road through
those lands enhance their value to that extent?
Will it enhance at all the worthless lands that aro
there ? On what ground is the present bill based ?
Is it because it enhances the value of the remain-
ing public lands in Louisiana? A great portion
of the lands in that, as well as in other States,
has been transferred from the General Govern-
ment to those States under the swamp land act.
Now, these roads are to be run, and the right of
way and alternate sections of worthless land,
winch has been in market for years, are to be
granted; and lands, unfit for cultivation, are to
be advanced in price from twelve and a half cents
per acre to $2 50 per acre. I would vote for a
provision that would cut down these alternate
sections from $2 50 to $1 25, and let them be
entered, in. limited parcels, by actual t settlers*
but do not tax the men who are to cultivate the
public land. If they are taxed $2 50 per acre,
then, besides the quarter section, give them, as I
suggested a while ago, a $200 certificate each of
stock in the road.
in compliance with my promise, I renew the
call for the previous question.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that that committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles:
An act for the relief of John Crawford; and
