2204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
General already has authority, under the law, to
enter into such contracts 
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to raise a question
of order before the Senator proceeds. I may as
well do it now.
Mr. SLIDELL. I presume it is quite as much
in order as the amendment just adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. That was reported from a
committer*, it was said.
.Mr. SLIDELL. I think not; at any rate this
will occupy no time in the discussion. I have
but a single object in view. If I am correctly
informed, the Post Office Committee think this
is the best route by which the mails can be con-
veyed; but they think legislation on the subject
unnecessary, because the Postmaster General
already possesses the authority to make n con-
tract of this sort. If such be the case, I am not
disposed to occupy the time of the* Senate in un-
necessary debate. I should like to be informed
on the subject.
Mr. YULEE. That is the opinion of the com-
mittee, but it ih not the ground on winch the
committee declined action on the subject.
Mr. SLIDELL. I should be very happy to
have the assistance of my friend from California
on this question, as he urged, with so much earn-
estness, the other amendment. I hope he has no
constitutional objections to this. Having received
that assurance from the noting chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, I
have nothing more to say.
Mr. WELLER. I have no constitutional ob-
jections to this amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Louisiana withdraw the amendment?
Mr. SLIDELL. No, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. I raioc a question of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
Will submit the question to the Senate.
The Senate refused to receive I he amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the question was stated to be on concurring
m the amendments made us in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SLIDELL. I should like to have a sep-
arate vote on the amendment in relation to the
claim of Carmick & Ramsey, and the yeas and
nays upon it.
The PRESIDENT }>ro tempore. The question
is, will the Senate concur in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole, with the
exception of the one named by the Senator from
Louisiana?
The amendments were eonrmred in, with this
exception.
The PRESIDENT pro trmpou-. The question
now i.s on concurring in the amendment providing
for the examination and settlement of the claim
of Ramsey & (imek, for the abrogation oft heir
contract for carrying the mad from Vera Cruz, to
Acapulco and San I'Yaneiseo,
Mr. BAYARD called for the yens and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have nothing to add to
what I stated this morning; but the honorable
♦Senator ftom New York {Mr. Si:w,uai j read a
note to-day, in which it was stated, that if my
colleague | Mr. Huvjamin'] wen: here, he would
advocate tin1 amendment repoited by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads in the
form in whieli it was presented to the Senate. 1
wish to .stale that my colleague has paid more
attention to tins subject than i have, and lie thinks
the contractors in this case have not been fairly
treated by the Post Office Department. That is
a question winch i am not disposed to diseusx.
I am not here at all to vindicate the conduct of
the Postmaster General. On that, and on many
other questions, J have differed from him; but I
am authorized by my colleague to state that,
while he had a general impression of the justice
of the claim of these contractors, he was not pre-
pared to vote for the amendment in the form
adopted by the Senate. 1 have nothing more to
say.
Mr.^SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana has slated the matter more strongly
than the statement which I made at the time was.
I am exceedingly guarded on the subject. I read
to the Senate a letter from Mr. Ca rmick, in which
lie stated that the honorable Senator from Louis-
iana [Mr. Benjamin] was sick, and I gave that
as my "ip"l"^y for speaking on the matter at all.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator from New
York does not suppose that I wish to impute to
him any misstatement.
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir.
Mr. SLIDELL. That was the inference to be
drawn from the note read. I only wished to cor-
rect that.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 20; as follows:
• YEA S — Messrs. Adams, Bell of New Hampshire, Bel!
of Tennessee, JJn^ht, Brown, Clayton, Oolkuuur, Critten-
den, Dodge, Durkee, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hale,
Italian, Houston, James, Jonoa of Iowa, Jones? of Ten-
nessee, Sebastian, Seward. Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—20.
NAVft—Me-,«rs. Alien, flajard, Biqler, Brodhead,
Butler, Clay, Fitzpatnck, Hunter. Iverson, Mason, Peaiee,
Pratt, Putjli, Reul, Sluiell, Thomson of New Jersey, Weller,
Wmjlir, and Vnice—20.
So the amendment was concurred in. The
amendments were ordered to be engrossed, and
the lull to be read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The acting chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads offered an amendment in regard to
mail service on the Mississippi, which I hope
will be disposed of.
Mr. IIUNTER. We cannot wait.
Mr. BAYARD. I object.
Mr. BRIG fIT. The Senator from Florida
[Mr. Yui.ek] proposes to offer an amendment
that was voted down to-day on the call of the
yeas and nays. If he offers it I wish to be heard
upon it.
Mr. YIILEE. I oiler it at the request of gen-
tlemen interested m the matter in that section of
the country.
Mr. PA.YARD. 1 object, as the bill has been
ordered to lis thin] readini1'.
The PH KSIDJXG OKi-'lCKR, ('Mr. Weller.)
The Chair wii) entertain the amendment of the
Senator from Eiondn.
Mr. YULEE. 1 renew the amendment which
was rejected this mo'mng m regard to the mail
service on the route helw en Caiio and i\ew
Orleans. The proposals submitted for this con-
tract were J. \V. Maltsby & Company, ^912,000
for daily set vn-e; John J . Poennd others, $600,000
for daily seivict; and the present eonliactors
^329,000 for daily service. As Congress had by
express legislation declare their will that tins ser-
vice was desirable and should he put into oper-
ation, certainly the price of s329,000, which is
nearly six hundued thousand dollars less than one
bid, is a verv low one. I am informed by gen-
tlemen in that section of the country that the
pine is e\h aoidmariiy low. Inasmuehos it will
uisuie tin* continuance of the service for two
years longer at the same price, and gentlemen
flunk it will giw* no! only P' im.mency but use-
fulness and le^ulanty to this loute, I icnewthe
following amendment lejeeted by the Senate as in
Committee of ihe Whole:
fhiilbe it J'inthn ennrifj. 'flj.it tin* P<Mm:i-t<'r < JmeKil
lie, mid be i*. Jieieh\, dnccted io extend the coiUtuct tor
mail *ei vice on mule numbered bet \v ecu New < >j leans
and Cairo, null the pie-eut owiim- <>t tin eonti.ut, for
a period ol two \e.n-; be\ond the cvbtuiL' t-'Nii. at ihe
same rate ot compensation now paid* /'/ o ri<!< </, The -Mid
panics shall, within a reasonable tune Jtom tin- d.it \ to be
deter mined bythe Postmaster Ceneial. breunie the owner-,
or possessors by charters whieh Minendei the exclusive
control and use theieot, of ;i ^utficient number of steamers
lor the leimlar ;vnd weenie pciJonnaiict. of the woik.
Mr. URIGlfT. I know the unwillingness of
the Senate, and its impatience to h< ar discussion.
It is with "Teat reluctance that t claim the atten-
tion of the Senate. 1 discussed this amendment
somewhat at length to day, and I suppose made
myself understood from the \olc which was taken
on it. Jt was voted down, I believe, by more
than two to one. If it is the pleasure of the
Senate, however, to entertain the piopostfion, I
shall go on to state my objections to the amend-
ment. If I can have any assurance that it will
be voted down, I shall not claim the attention of
the Senate. [uNo! No!"]
Mr. TOOM11S. Thur e is no reason to continue
the discussion. T know the Senate is against
these special contracts.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the Sen-
ator will continue. Let us hear what he has
to say.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House concurred in the 1st, 4th, 7th, 8th, 9th,
10th, 11th, 12th, 14th, 15th, 16th, 17th, 18th, 2Uth,
21st, 22d, and 23d amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 201) making- appropriations
for certain civil expenses of the^Government for
the year ending 30th June, 1857; non-concurred
in the 2d,3d, 5th, 6th, 13th, 19th, 24th, 25th, 20th,
27th, 28th, 29th, 30th, 31st, 32d, 33d, 34th, 35th,
36th, 37th, 39th, 40th, 41st, 42d, 43d, 44th, 45th,
46th, 47th, 48th, 49th, 50th, 51st, 52d. 53d, 54th,
55th, 56th, 57th, 58th, 59th, 60th, 61st, 62d, 63d,
64th, 65th, 66th, 67th, 68th, 69th, 70th, 71st, 72d,
73d, 74th, 75th, 76th, and 77th amendments of the
Senate; asked for a conference on*the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, and had appointed
Messrs. H. Winter Davis, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, and Humphrey Marshall, managers at
the conference on their part.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate in-
sisted on the amendments disagreed to by the
House, and agreed to the conference asked for by
the House. Messrs. Hunter, Weller, and
Jones of Tennessee, were appointed the commit-
tee on the part of the Senate.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced that the House
had receded fiom their disagreement to the 1st,
2d, 3d, 4th, 6th, 11th, and 34th amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No, 202) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1857; insisted on their amend-
ments to the Senate amendments, to which the
Si'nate had disagiced; insisted upon their disa-
greement to the remaining amendments of the
Semite; agreed to the further conference asked for
by the Senate, and appointed Mr. Howell Cobb,
Mr. Galvsiia A. Grow, and Mr. Orsamus R.
Matteson", managers at the conference on their
part.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC SYSTEMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are
several bills on the table which should be taken
up.
Mr. MASON. I hope that will be done.
Mr. HUNTER. Thcie are two appropria-
tion bills yet remaining. The fortification bill
has not been disposed of. The supplementary
Anny appiopiiation bill was under consideration
when this bill was taken up as the special oider
at half past eleven o'clock. I ask that that be
taken up.
The PliESIDENT^rn tempore. That bill has
preference, unless the Senate otherwise direct.
! Mr. MASON, i shall be obliged to ask a vote
I of the Senate on the question. I think the bills
' fiom the House on the table should be submitted
| to the Senate.
! The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no obji etioii, the bills from the House •will be
takmi up and read twice, with n view to refer-
ence . The Chair hears no objection.
The bill (IT R . No. 549) to icguhte the diplo-
matic and consular systems of the United States
was r« ad a iirst time, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. MASON. The Senate, at an early day of
the session, passed a bill to make certain amend-
ments ni the law of the last session relating to
the diplomatic service. That bill went to the
House, and was not acte-d on there further than
to ingraft it chiefly in its measures on the present
bill, whieh is now sent to us, containing also
some provisions relating to the consular system.
1 am ready to say that it has been examined at
the Department of State, and contains so many
improvements on the law of the last session, that
it is believed by the Department that it will be
useful. I have the authority of the Committee
on Foreign Relations to ask that the vote may
be taken on it immediately.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It was reported to the Senate, or-
dered to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 180) making appropriations
for fortifications and other works oi defense? and
