1330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,,
An act for tho relief of William M. P. Ma-
graw-,
When the Speaker signed the same.
LOUISIANA LAND BILL AGAIN.
Mr. THORINGTON. The gentleman from
Tennessee said that Iowa, by the late bill, ob-
tained four millions of acres of the public land;
and I now ask that he withdraw the call for the
previous question that I may explain the matter.
Mr. COBB. That has been explained.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from New York
authorizes .me to withdraw the call for the previ-
ous question.
Mr. CUMBACK. I do not propose to detain
the House at any great length'with the discus-
sion of this question.
Mr. BENNETT. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Watson] said he would insist on the con-
sideration of the Nebraska contested-election
ease.. That is a privileged question, and will cut
off action on this bill if it be pressed. I asked the
gentleman from Tennessee to withdraw the mo-
tion for the previous question, in order that I
might make a motion to recommit this bill.
Mr. CUMBACK. I know the gentleman from
Ohio will allow me to say to-day what 1 have to
say on this question. I have tried to get the
floor upon each one of these bills to make a few
remarks; and I ask the gentleman from New
York to allow me to say what I have to say
now.
Mr. BENNETT. I have no objection. I only
want to make the motion to recommit.
Mr. CUMBACK. Mr. Speaker, by the gracious
and unexpected indulgence of the Committee on
Public Lands I am permitted to say a word or two
in opposition to those land bills, and to the bill be-
fore the House now for consideration. I am actu-
ated by no party spirit or scctional consideration in
rising to urge objection to the bill making this
grant to Louisiana. I vqted against the grant
to Iowa, Wisconsin, and Michigan, as well ay to
Florida and Alabama. If I could be persuaded
the principle of disposing of the public domain
in this manner was correct, 1 would as soon vote
a grant to one State as to another, wherever it
might be asked. I therefore choose this opportu-
nity because it is the only one that has been
afforded me to briefly submit my views on the
policy recently inaugurated into the legislation of
the country, by taking the land from the hardy
settler and giving it over to railroad corporations.
But permit me to say, first, that I am opposed to
the mode in which the House have chosen to pass
these bills. They have rarely been printed that
they could be seen, and when offered they have
been put through in hot haste, under the whip and
spur of the previous question, and thus millions
after millions ot'the public lands have been voted
aivay, and 110 investigation has been had, and no
man has before this time been permitted to raise
his voice against it, or place the true character of
these grants upon the record. I can see no reason
whatever for this line of policy. It may be, per-
haps, found in the suggestion of the honorable
member from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] who has
been permitted to say a word or two, that when
these bills have been discussed in former Con-
gresses they have in most instances failed.
Sir, if these bills are light,and this move of
legislation based on correct principles, no harm
will lie done by investigation; but if they will not
boar investigation—if they cannot stand upon
their own merits, they ought not to pass. Ami I
am sure that many of them would not have
passed had discussion been allowed. Take the
Iowa bill for an instance. That bill makes a
heavy grant to four roads in the State, while the
Legislatuie of Iowa, I understand, asked a grant
for but two. The Committee on Public Lands
gave them twice as much as they wanted; and I
think they have not located in their bill a single
I1116 of tiics6 four rOtids wliere the people of
Iowa have asked them to be located, but made
frants to other and different roads entirely,
'his I cannot understand. I am unable to determ-
ine how this committee understands what the
State of Iowa wants better than she does her-
self. Again, the two southern lines of these
roads to which grants are made are at not more
than an average distance of thirty miles apart and
as the railroad corporation has fifteen miles on
each side of the road out of which to make their
selections, these corporations will absorb about
all the public lands in that part of the State; and,
indeed, the whole grant and the location of the
roads under that bill seem to have more of an
eye for the public lands, as a matter of specula-
tion for these corporations and land jobbers, than
for the interests of the State of Iowa.
Mr. THORINGTON. I wish to correct the
gentleman.
Mr. CUMBACK. I will yield to him for that
purpose, as I do not desire to be incorrcct,
Mr. THORINGTON. I have before me a bill
reported in conformity to the resolutions of the
State of Iowa. The gentleman says that there
are but two roads asked for. Here are three.
Mr. CUMBACK. Not four ?
Mr. THORINGTQN. Not four, but three.
Mr. CUMBACK. " I wish tho honorable gen-
tleman to answer this question: whether his State,
in their resolves, asked for more than two roads
in the petition from their Legislature?
Mr. THORINGTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CUMBACK. I have not seen the resolves
of the Legislature; but I think the gentleman is
mistaken. His authority for his statement is a
former bill, and not the resolutions of the Legis-
lature. I happened to be m the Senate the other
day, after this Iowa bill had passed, and a discus-
sion was being had on the reconsideration of the
vote passing it; and the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Foot] there stated, in the presence and in
hearing of the Senators from Iowa, that the loads
in this bill were not one of them located on any
line asked for by tile people of that State, and that
new lines were granted m addition to what they
wanted. It was not denied by the Senators from
Iowa, who, having the bill immediately under their
charge and keeping, were listening attentively to
the remarks of the Senator from Vermont, as I
understood at that time; and by reference to the
discussion then had I have no doubt I will be
found to be correct. Why this has been done it
seems to mc it is difficult to explain; and the Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. .Tones] might well remark,
as ho did in the discussion in the Senate when
speaking about the manner ill which that bill
was gotten through this House, that " the determ-
ination in the committee was, that they would,
on introducing this bill, put it on its passage, and
ask lor the previous question, so as to cut off
debate, became they believed that debute on that bitl
would be almost certain to defeat it, us it had always
defeated every other similar bill, except the Illinois
Central railroad and the bills for Missouri and
Arkansas." So much for that bill !
Now, a word as to the Alabama bill. We have
just learned, that in that case we have granted
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad in
that State, a large portion of which road is already
constructed, with the cars running upon it. So
says the member from Tennessee in the remarks
he has just submitted. It occurs to me there were
strong reasons for the very limited discussion
allowed by the Committee on Public Lands on
that bill. Had ils provisions come to light by a
fair investigation, it would also have shared the
same sad fate that the Senator from Iowa so
wisely concluded would have befallen his bill.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I desire to ask the
gentleman how much land IndiSna got for internal
improvements ? One million six hundred thousand
acres.
Mr. CUMBACK. Tho gentleman lias asked
a question and answered it himself, whether cor-
rectly or not I do not pretend to say. But I
would say this in reply, that because Indiana,
when the most of her territory was a wilderness,
received a grant of land to aid in the construction
of a canal, is no sufficient reason why I should
vote, as a Representative from that State, to give
to Alabama a large grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of a road, the most of which has already
been constructed without a grant. I would say
this further to the gentleman, that if my own '
State had within her borders a large amount of
Government lauds, and it was here proposed to
take them away from the reach of the actual settler
and the poor man, and hand them over to a soul-
less corporation, and allow that corporation to
deal them out to him at their own terms, and at
their own price, he would find me as hearty an
opponent to the scheme as if the corporation
were in Alabama or Texas. I never would favor
any measure for the benefit of our -own State
sooner than any other, if the measure was not
based on correct principles.
Mr. MACE. Tlip gentleman from Alabama
has somewhat anticipated the question I intended
to propound to my colleague. The General
Government granted tp the State of Indiana,
without saying anything about alternate sections,
a sufficientquantity of land to construct the largest
canal in the world, beginning at the Ohio State
line and terminating at Evansville. Now, I ask
my colleague if it is right for the State of Indiana
to receive this grant, without any clause guarding
the public Treasury by increasing the Drfce of the
remaining lands to $2 50 an acre; that grant being
the foundation of all the prosperity of Indiana,
and without which, perhaps, at this moment, we
should not have a single railroad through tho
State? If that was right—and it certainly was
approved of by all Indiana, I ask him, in common
justice, if it is not right to grant to the newStates
the lands which they now ask for the purpose of
aiding in tho construction of railroads instead of
canals ?
Mr. CUMBACK. I have already answered
the question of my worthy colleague in the reply
I made to the member from Alabama. As to the
speech he has craftily put into his question, I
would only say this, that this "largest canal in
the world" of which lie speaks, and for which he
claimed so much, is not doing sufficient business
from Lafayette to Evansville to pay the tolls and
keep up the repairs, as I am informed. As to it
being the father of all the railroads, I wholly differ
with him in all deference to his bettor judgment,
and am puzzled to know how he arrived at that
conclusion, and how it is that the roads that are
running near to, and parallel with, the canal, or
any of the roads ill the State, are indebted for
their existence to the grant made to this canal to
aid in its construction, agood portion of which is
almost entirely worthless? And should the scheme
now on foot in our State succeed, and the Legis-
lature of the State assume the debt of this canal,
and the people of the State be taxed for the ben-
efit of the brokers buying its bonds, they may
not then regard this work as being such an im-
petus to the prosperity of our people as does my
colleague. Our railroads are built in Indiana, not
by bounties showered upon the State by the Gen-
eral Government, but by the indomitable will and
untiring energy of our people. When thus con-
stiucted in any State, they are made on such
routes as the public wants demand, and not for -
the accommodation of land-jobbers.
But it matters not, as I said before, what Indi-
ana has received, or any other State, in donations
of public lands for the benefit of corporations.
The question is, is it right in itself, and does this
line of policy subserve the best interests of the
country ?
Sir, we passed a bounty land law giving a land
warrant to every man who had served in the
army in any capacity for fourteen days. We
have amended that act this session, extending the
operations of that act, and including a class of
soldiers which were excluded by the act of the
last Congress. That act gladdened the heart of'
many a poor widow and orphan child of the
men who had served their country, and hail died
unrewarded for the service they had rendered her
in the days of her peril. These persons havo
employed agents to procure their warrants, and
before they are issued, and while it is being done,
we are engaged in transferring the lands iu Iowa,
Wisconsin, Michigan, and Minnesota, where they
hoped to have these land warrants loeated, to
these corporations, and are putting them beyond
the reach of their warrants; and the consequence
is, that the price of their warrants have already
depreciated twenty per cent., and will come down
much lower yet if all these bills pass the Senate,
so that they will not pay tho old soldier, or those
whom he has left to represent him, for the trouble
and expense of obtaining them. I confess I can
see no consistency in this sort of legislation.
But it is urged that these roads, built through
the western wilds, will raise the price of public
lands. So they may; but I take that to be argu-
ment against these grants rather than in their
favor. The lands are too high now, at the Gov-
ernment price, for the poor man to purchase them
in many cases. 1 think that the best method of
disposing of these lands would be to put them at
such a price as will pay the General Government
