|004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
Mr. MASON. Could it not be done by a new-
treaty ?
Mr. COLLAMER. We could make a new
treaty by common consent of the two nations;
but we are not talking of that. That proposition
is not before us. The consent or action of Den-
mark is out of the case, and we need not be bring-
lnS UP ,
question. There is not any element of that kind
in the proposition before us. The treaty-making
power is not involved. The treaty is proposed to
be abrogated without the consent of Denmark,
and without making a new treaty.
The question is, where is the power to do this ?
I insist that the treaty does not provide for it;
and therefore it falls within the general case of
the abrogation of any treaty, and it must be done
by the law-making power. I think I have shown
that the provision of the treaty providing that it
may be terminated on notice has no effect on this
point. That merely amounts to a provision that
the treaty may be abrogated by us without offense
to the other side; but that does not touch my
argument.
According to the terms of the clause which has
been read, it is provided that the treaty may be
terminated at the end of a year after notice being
given and therefore, it may be said, that by the
very terms of the treaty it will be ended at the
expiration of a year from the notice which has
been given. We should remember that now we
are talking amongst ourselves, and that we are
not looking to the action of Denmark. When
gentlemen bring up the argument to which I have
just alluded, they are coming back to the question,
who shall give the notice? So far from that con-
stituting any reason why the Senate and the
President should give notice, I think it the very
reason why they cannot do it; because, if the act
when done is to operate so as to abrogate the
treaty—both as a contract with a foreign nation
and as a law for our own people, as provided in
this treaty—it is clear that the law-making power
alone can do that act.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I do not rise to
argue this question. I am generally in favor of
the reference of all resolutions of inquiry to com-
mittees, because I go for the largest latitude in
such matters; but I am opposed to this resolution,
and I shall vote against it, and I desire briefly to
state the reason.
I do not desire any committee to inquire forme
what is the construction of the Constitution of the
United States. After all, it is a mere question as
to the construction of the Constitution. I mean,
so far as respects my action, to determine that
point for myself.
The question has been correctly stated to be as
to who are the parties to the instrument. The
parties are the United States on the one side, and
the proper authorities of Denmark, whoever they
may be, on the other. It is none of our business
whether their authorities are a king or a legisla-
tive council; that is a matter with which wo have
nothing to do. The treaty is between the author-
ities of Denmark and the United Stales. The
United States, in their Federal capacity, have
said, as a party to the original compact, on the
occurrence of a certain event, this treaty shall be
void. Now, allow me to say to the honorable
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamek,] that
the distinction which he draws is, according to
my view, without foundation. If a notice under
the treaty is valid the treaty is void, and there is
an end of it 
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the Senator allow
me?
Mr. CASS. I understood the gentleman per-
fectly, and I do not think there is any necessity
for an interruption. He draws a distinction. He
says in the iirst place the treaty operates here on
our people, and next abroad; but he maintains that
in order to terminate it here there must be a law
passed by Congress. I say that the termination
of the treaty requires no law; the simple- point is
whether the treaty is terminated under its own
provisions. If so, it requires no law, but its term-
ination is equally obligatory upon our own peo-
ple, as on the foreign country.
The honorable Senator from Maine [Mr. Fks-
senden] has said that this notice devolves on
Congress—on the Government of the United
States. In testing questions like this the term,
" Government of the United States," is one of an
that in order to trouble our minds on this
exceeding loose description; you will not find it
in the Constitution. The Government of the
United States is divided into various departments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My language may have
been a little inaccurate; but what I meant was that
there were two parties to the treaty; one was
Denmark, and the other the United States of
America. The United States of America acts
only through its Government, and the question
is what constitutes the Government ?
Mr. CASS. That is precisely what I am speak-
ing of. The question is, who is the Government;
who is the party, or rather, what department of
the Federal authority is charged by the people
with the right of giving this notice? So far as
respects foreign Governments, the President and
the Senate are the Government in the making of
treaties. So far as regards the recognition of for-
eign embassadors, the President is the Govern-
ment; that is to say, he is vested with all the
powers of the people of the United States on that
subject. Congress constitutes the Government
with respect to the power of legislation. They
are the Government in the passage of laws.
Then, after all these distinctions,we must come
back to the plain fact and inquire which depart-
ment of the Government has the power under this
convention to give the notice required. That is
the whole matter. It does not devolve on Con-
gress, because Congress is the legislative power,
any more than it does on the President because
he has the power of recognizing foreign ministers.
It does not devolve on Congress by virtue of their
being the law-making power. A treaty is not a
law, in the strict construction of the term. At
any rate, itis not a law derivingits force from the
legislative power. I grant, it lias the effect of a
law, under our Constitution; but it derives its
force from the act of the President and Senate.
My view is—I shall simply state it without argu-
ing it—that the same power, in our intercourse
with foreign nations, which has a right to make
a treaty, has a right to annex any conditions it_
pleases as to the termination of that treaty, by
giving notice; and in the contingency provided
for by the treaty, the notice may be given. There
are many laws on the statute-book by which the
President is authorized to do certain things, on
the occurrence of a given event. There are many
laws saying, that if the President ascertains that
foreign duties are so and so, our duties shall be
no more than a certain rate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is an express pro-
vision as to who is to give notice in such cases.
Mr. CASS. I am merely meeting the argu-
ment, that in this case there must be a law. The
treaty being a contract, that portion of it which
provided that notice should be given is binding,
and those having the power to give it are indicated
by the treaty.
Mr. TOUCEY. I wish, if possible, to bring
this question to a test. If this treaty is termin-
ated, is it terminated by law or by the contract
between the two Governments? Now, I under-
take to say, that it is an indisputable proposition
that, when the notice is given, (no matter who
gives it,) the treaty is terminated by the contract
between the' two Governments—the assent of
Denmark on the one side, and the assent of the
United Slates on the other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to ask him whether the single point
here is not what constitutes notice under the
treaty ?
Mr. TOUCEY. Certainly it is; and that is
the point to which I am coming, and I am reach-
ing it by considering that which inevitably leads
to it. 1 ask, how is the treaty terminated? By
the legislative power of this Government or
the legislative power of Denmark? No, it is
terminated by contract—that is, by treaty. If it
is terminated by treaty the question is, who makes
the treaty in its complete state? If it is termin-
ated by law, we know what is the law-making
power in this Government. If it is terminated
by treaty, it is another body in this Government
that makes the contract. It seems to me that it
is impossible to escape from this view.
I will suppose that notice had been given by
all branches of this Government, if you please,
executive, legislative, and judicial, so that there
could be 110 question about it. Then the inquiry
is, how was the treaty terminated? I say it
would be terminated by the consent of this Gi-ov-
ernment and the Government of Denmark, and
that consent is in the form of a treaty, and that
treaty must be made by the treaty-making power
of this Government. It is a question now whether
you shall go back to the state of things which
existed before this treaty was made ? It is simply
a treaty-making question. It involves only a
treaty-making question. It invokes on the part
of this Government only the exercise of that dis-
cretion which makes a treaty or a contract with
another Government; and, therefore, when it
says " the United States," it has reference to the
United States in that capacity where the power
is vested to make and unmake contracts.
it seems to me, upon reflection, (and the more
I think of it the more I am convinced,) that it
would be as absurd to attempt to terminate the
treaty by law (when it would not be the law that
terminated it, because it does not require a law,
but is terminated by notice given under the treaty)
as it would be to say that the notice must be
given by the judiciary because the judiciary rep-
resents the Government in one respect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am sorry to interrupt
the Senator, but I must say that nobody contends
that the treaty would be terminated by merely
passing a law to that effect. That is not con-
tended.
Mr. TOUCEY. Certainly not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is simply contended
that a law is necessary to authorize the notice—
not that the law has that effect.
Mr. TOUCEY. The law does not authorize
the notice. It is the treaty which provides for
the notice. Tt is embodied in the treaty, and in
pursuance of that treaty, made with the consent
of Denmark, you give the notice. When the
notice is given, it comes back to the question,
what is the character of that act ? I say itis
contrary to the genius of this Government that
we should go into the House of Representatives,
and debate not a question of war or peace, but a
mere question of treaty relations between this
country and another. We are called on, then, to
go into another branch of the Government that
has nothing to do with it, and debate the propri-
ety of a new arrangement of the treaty relations
of the United States. I say it belongs to the
Government, and because it is not a legislative
act, but is an act which is a part of the contract—
that is, of the treaty between the two Govern-
ments—the treaty-making power must act upon
it, and act exclusively.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I sup-
pose the gentleman from Connecticut will admit
that the termination of this treaty must be a con-
sequence of the notice given. The treaty, though
it authorizes a notice, and by its express stipula-
tions provides that it shall be terminated within
a certain period after notice being given, leaves it
all dependent on the act of notice. It is that
which terminates it. Now, I would ask the gen-
tleman if, in his judgment, a President of the
United States, under such a treaty as this, of his
own volition, could terminate it by notice, law-
fully and consistently with the Constitution of
this country?
Mr. TOUCEY. Not without the consent of
the Senate. I think the treaty-making power
could give the consent.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The President, then,
could not do it. Well, sir, as the act of notice is
the fatal act which is to put an end to the treaty—
the efficacious act which is to accomplish the
purpose and annul that which was before a law
of the land—can the Senate and the President of
the United States do it? If so, where in the Con-
stitution does the gentleman find any such dis-
cretionary power conferred on the President, or
on the President and the Senate ?
I take it as an undeniable general proposition,
that all the political powers which are delegated
to the Government of the United States are to be
exercised by the whole political organization of
the Government,—the Congress of the United
States and the President of the United States.
The treaty-making power is essentially a politi-
cal power in the Government. The termination
of treaties is a political power. It excludes alto-
gether the idea suggested that you might bring
the judiciary into the question. Not at all. It
is a political power conferred on the political
department of the Government, and upon all
branches of it, unless some one is particularly
