1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1881
the expense of bringing them into the market, and
sellino1 them only to the actual settler. It is not the
rich man that opens up the forest, and makes the
wilderness to bud and blossom, and extends the
onward march of civilization. This important
work is not committed to the sons of luxury,
wealth, and ease, but it is the hardy yeoman, who,
with his few dollars, seeks the West to procure for
himself a home. It is these men who produce
these great changes and work out such grand re-
sults—that have made our country expand with
a rapidity that has astonished the world, and is
unequaled in the history of nations. For these
men we pass no laws to encourage them on in their
toils, but have for some weeks past been closing
the doors of the land offices in their faces when
about to purchase their homes, and compel them
to waituntil these merciless land jobbing compa-
nies have selected their giants, and speculators
have entered the balance, and put these poor men
in the hands of men whoso "tender mercies are
cruel." You compel him to purchase his land
of the incorporated companies who have neither
bodies to die or souls to damn [laughter] at the
terms they propose. What has become of the
cry of " land for the landless," and " homes for
the homeless," on which politicians were ringing
so many poetic changes but a short time since?
Better far adopt this " homestead" policy than
pursue the course we are now pursuing.
But, again, in making these large grants to
these roads we hinder and delay, for the time being
at least, the other roads in the same State that are
being constructed by individual enterprise to meet
the public wants. With this bounty, a railroad
corporation can go into the market and undersell
all other bonds, and command money promptly,
and labor, not being subject to the delays and dis-
appointments incident to other roads, and break
them down. The credit of the road being good,
the lands donated need not be put into the market
at once, but are held back until the corporators
may make such a fortune out of them as they
may choose. Some of the grants made hcreto-
for have been sufficient, not only to build the road,
but to equip it from the proceeds of the grants,
and have a large surplus of public lands left, and
are thus kept out of market and cultivation, con-
sequently, by this arrangement so long as it may
be to the interest of the corporation to do so.
Surely this is not good policy.
  But, sir, I do not wish to detain the House by
a longer discussion of this bill. I sincerely hope
that.it may not pass, and that the other bills which
may be hereafter reported from the Committee on
Public Lands, of like character, may be defeated.
We will soon have closed every land office in the
country, if this line of policy is further pursued.
We have already shut the settler out of Iowa and
Wisconsin. The offices will soon be closed in
Michigan; and a project will soon be before us to
close them in Minnesota. Where can the settler
now go to purchase his home, or the soldier to
locate his warrant? He must stand back until
these corporations are accommodated, and then,
perhaps, the price of the land is beyond his reach,
and he is turned away, while the corporations
are growing rich and powerful with Government
bounties.
Mr. Speaker, I am glad that the principle of
these bills and their passage cannot be charged
against this side of the House. No party will
claim it as its own when it goes before the people
at home to render an account of its doings here.
Sir, the supporters of these bills arc from ail sec-
tions and parties. They are eminently national,
knowing no North, orSouth, or East, or West-
knowing no party—knowing nothing but this
wasteful distribution of the public lands. I regret
that any man on this side of the House is in the
support of these measures. If they are to be
passed, I would much prefer they were passed
by our political enemies, than by the combination
that has been formed here. There is not one of
these bills that could get through this House
were it not pulled by one that has already got
through, atld shoved by another that is behind it.
One State votes for the grants for all the others,
that all the others may vote for her grant; and
by this sort of combination we have voted away
already millions of acrt-s of the public lands. I
liave voted against all of them, and will continue
to do so until the end. It is a grievous wrong
thus to take the public lands from the actual set-
tler, and turn them over to landed monopolies.
Mr. BENNETT obtained the floor.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from New York lias
spoken once this morning on this subject.
Mr. BENNETT. I do not want to speak now.
I rise for the purpose of moving the previous
question on this bill. I will waive all reply,
although I would like to answer the gentlemen
from Tennessee and from Indiana, [Messrs. Jones
and Cumback.] I move the previous question.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from New York
had the floor, reported the bill, and made a few
remarks. The rule is, that no gentleman shall
speak twice while another desires to speak.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is entitled to the floor, and the. Chair ac-
corded it to him. He is not entitled to the floor
to address the House on this question, but he is
entitled to it for the purpose of making a motion.
There are such precedents in the House, and
they are well-founded in principle.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, called for tellers on
seconding the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris of
Alabama, and Eus-ris, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 57, noes 39—no quorum voting.
Mr. PHELPS moved a call of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to lay the bill upon
the table; and on that motion I ask for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. PIIELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The motion submitted by the gentleman from
Virginia cannot be entertained, as the House has
just found itself without a quorum. There are
only two motions in order when it appears that
there is no quorum present—a motion for a call
of the Housl, and a motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. If there be no quorum, the
motion of the gentleman from Virginia is not in
order. It appears from the count that tilery is no
quorum present.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand tellers on the mo-
tion that there be a call of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 45, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Aiken, Henry Bennett, Bowie. Burnett,
Cadwaluder, John 1' Campbell, F.'.'.r;i <,'k;rk. Colt'nx, Cox,
Craxvfoid, Day, Dean, Dodd, Edie,];imie.i:ustis, Floieiiee,
J. Moriison linim, Haven, lUckman, Hoffman, Valentine
1>. tloiton, Oeoipc W. Joucd, Kcmictt, ICnapp, Lmdle) ,
Ilumphiev Marshall. Maxwell, Smith Miller, Munay,
Andievv Olive), Parker, Pettit, Phelps, Prinze. Puiyear,
auitraan, Bobbins, Jluflln, Sage, l/iideivrood, Wakeman,
W.-ilhiid'if', Window, and Daniel f! U'lmht—4j.
NAYS—Messrs. Albugjit, Allen, Allison, Baibour, Barks-
dale, Benson, Bilhnshmst, Bmeham, Bliss, BiaiMiaw,
Blanch, Bnaiton, Brooks, Buffiiiton, Burlingamo, Jlimej
II. Campbell, Oaruthois, Chaffee, Clmgman, Williamson
tt W. Cobb. Comms Covode, Craure, Cumbaek, Davidson,
Timothy Davis. Dick. Dickson. Dowdell, Durfee, Edwards,
Evans, "Flaslcr, Thomas J. I> Fuller, Calloway. Clanger,
Grow, Sampson W. Harns, Hanson, Iieibeit, Holioway,
Hu«hston, Kelsey, Knight, Knowlton, kunkel, Lake,
l.etehei, McQueen, Killulii Miller, Millward, Moi«an,
Morrill, Nichols, Peek, Pelton, Perry, Pike, Porter, Rivers,
Roberts, Santhd^e, Sapp, Scott, Shorter, William Smith,
William It. Smith, Stewart, Stianahan, Swope, ^lalbott,
Tapnan, Tavior, Thoungton, TlnnMnn, Todd, Trafton,
Tripe, Tyson, Waldion, VValkci, Wainer, Cadivalader C.
Washlmrne, Israel Washburn, Watkms, Watson, Welch,
Wells, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodwoith—92.
So the House refused to order a call.
Mr. STEPHENS. If we adjourn now, in
what condition will this bill be left'
The SPEiVKER. It will go to the Speaker's
table.
Mr. STEPHENS. Is not the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
called; but, on seconding the call, the House
found itself without a quorum.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the call for the previous
question be seconded, then itwiil be the fiist thing
in order in the morning?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I hope the call will
be seconded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there not
pending a motion to lay on the table r
The SPEAKER. There is iiot. There was
no quorum, and the motion was not entertained.
Mr. PHELPS. I submitted a motion that
there be a call of the House. The yeas and nays
were ordered. The gentleman from Virginia
moved to lay the bill on the table. Tile question
of order was raised that as, on the previous vote,
no quorum appeared, the motion could not be
entertained.
The SPEAKER. Such is the fact.
Mr. J ON ES. Let the motion be made that the
bill bo recommitted, and that will keep it before
tin! House.
The previous question was seconded.
ENROLLED BIBLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON,from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that that committee had
examined and found truly enrolled) bills of the
following titles:
An act for the relief of John S. Pendleton; and
An act for the relief of Emma Bidamon;
When the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill to continue the
land office at Vineennes, Indiana, and also at
Dubuoue, Iowa, and to ascertain and adjust the
titles to certain lands in the States of Indiana and
Illinois, formerly included within the Vincennea
land district, was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. I make the motion now that it
may be entered on the Journal.
Mr. SAGE. I roove'that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative, there being, on a division—aycS 42,
noes 81.
So the House refused to adjourn.
LOUISIANA LAND BILL AGAIN.
The main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. QJiAIGE. I move that the bill be laid on
the table; and on that motion call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that when the House adjourns to-
morrow, it be to meet on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not a privi-
leged one. It would be if it were that when the
House adjourns to-day, it be to meet on some
certain day.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. The motion madeby
the gentleman is clearly out of order.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw the motion, a3
gentlemen oil the other side seem to be opposed
to It.
Mr. SAGE. I move that the House do now
adjourn; and on that motion call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SAGE. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
The question was then taken on Mr. Craige's
motion, and the House refused to lay the bill on
the tabic.
The substitute proposed by the committee was
read in cxtenso.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
on the substitute.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRIPPE. It will take hours more to pas3
this bill. i move that the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
The question was then taken on the substitute;
and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright. Allen, Barbour, Barksdale,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bishop, Bowie, Bren-
ton, Broom, Buffmton, Burhtigame, Lewis D. Campbell,
Camthers, Chaffee,Ezra Clark, Clawson, Clmgman, Wil-
liamson 11. W. Cobb, Coinins, Covode, Cragm, Crawford,
Davidson. Dean, Dodd, Dowdell, Edwards, Eustis, Evans,
Foster, Grander, Sampson W. Harris, Herbert, Valentine
B. Ilorton, Hughston, Kclsey, Kennett, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Lake, Lindley, Maxwell, Millward, Parker,
Peck Pelton. Phelps, Porter, Prmgle, Rivers, Roberts,
Samlidge, Sa'pp, Samuel A. Smith, Stranahan,
Tapnan, Taylor, Thorington, Thurston, Walbridge, Wal-
dion. Walker, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Wells, Williams,
Woodruff, Woodworth, and Daftiel B. Wright—'2.
NATS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Bingham, Sm~
nett, James H. Campbell, Caskie, Howell DoM>. Cox,
C raise, Cumbaek, Day,Dick, Dickson, Edmtw ton,
Flagler, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Goode,
