1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
designated to exercise a special power. Now,
where is there any such special designation?
Mr. WELLER. The House of Representa-
tives has no part in the treaty-making power.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Because the House is
expressly precluded from it. Sir, where is the
power in the Constitution to abrogate treaties ?
The Senator from Connecticut admits that the
President cannot abrogate a treaty, but contends
that the President, with the concurrence of the
Senate, may do it.
Mr. TOUCEY. No, sir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I so understood the
Senator. Am I not right?
Mr. TOUCEY. No, sir; I say it cannot be
done unless by making a new treaty.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman will
throw that constantly into the argument which
is outside of it. I am talking of the position
that the President may abrogate a treaty by his
own authority or with the concurrence of the Sen-
ate. I know you may make as many treaties as
you please; but I am inquiring as to the power
simply and nakedly to abrogate a treaty. Could
the President and the Senate, by their act, abro-
gate a treaty which contained no provision for
giving notice ? I will ask the gentleman that
question.
Mr. TOUCEY. Certainly not; it must be
done by law.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Very well, sir; if they
cannot do it without such a provision as this,
where does the gentleman derive the power to do
it under such a provision as this ? It is as much
a part of the treaty-making power in the one case
as in the other. The gentleman appeals to the
treaty-making power. In this case the treaty
contains a provision for notice. But if the right
to abrogate exists because it pertains to the treaty-
making power—if the right to abrogate it is to be
considered as incidental to the power to make a
treaty—why not, on the same authority, abro-
gate a treaty where no notice, where no means
of abrogation, are provided for? No human
understanding can give any reason—no man can
assign a reason for that. If it is in the authority
of the President and Senate to do it, resulting
from their treaty-making power, they can do it
as well without such a provision in the treaty
with Denmark as with it.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him, does he consider that there is no differ-
ence between an act of the Government by law
declaring a treaty void, and giving a notice by
■which the treaty declares itself void ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There is a great differ-
ence in the acts. They are intrinsically different;
but still I am inquiring from what source the
gentlemen derive the power to do either?
Mr. MASON. Prom the treaty.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. A power to give notice
is conferred by the treaty or reserved in the
treaty. 1 ask to whom is that power reserved ?
Mr. MASON. Those who made the treaty.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Those who made the
treaty! We all know—it requires no argument
to prove—that those who make a contract may
abrogate it. That is a part of the power of making
a contract. That is not the question here. The
question is, what can one of the parties lawfully
do in the abrogation of the treaty, against the
consent of the other, or who are competent to
exercise that power? The gentlemen admit that
the President has not the power, although the
President is the chief executive magistrate of the
country under the Constitution. The Senate can-
not do it; but it is said, if you add to his power
tha advice of the Senate, he may do it. Do what?
Abrogate the treaty ? Can he exercise that power,
I ask gentlemen once more, when there is no pro-
vision for notice as in this case ?
Mr. TOUCEY. I will answer the gentleman.
He cannot, in my judgment, unless by making a
new treaty.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. He cannot because
there is no new treaty ! A new treaty is out of
the question. Let us not talk about what does
not exist. We are seeking to abrogate it with-
out a new treaty; and the question is, where is
the power to do it? The treaty reserves the
power to either of the parties. What parties ?
Gentlemen say the President. Is he a party ?
No. Are the President and Senate a party ? Not
according to the terms of the treaty. No treaty
is made in the name of the President, or of the
President and Senate, butin the name of the Uni-
ted States; and no power whatever is given by
the Constitution to the President or to the Senate
over the matter. We ought to deal very lightly
with the President, to be sure, on a subject of
this sort, when the Senate itself has advised him
to do the act which he has done. We are now
considering the proper power by which it is to
be done. Whether notice shall be given or not,
is a high political question. In this case it in-
volves very little, but it might involve the deep-
est public interests. Who shall decide, then, such
a question as that ? It is a question of the high-
est discretion—not an ordinary executive duty,
not a mere senatorial duty. It is a high duty, a
high power, a very high and interesting question
it may be? To whom does it refer itself, then?
It affects the interests of the whole United States;
no special provision is made in the Constitution;
the power is reserved to the United States; who,
then, can assume to exorcise it? I agree entirely
with the gentlemen who have preceded nie, that
neither the President of the United States, nor
the Senate, nor both jointly, can give this notice,
consistently with the principles and constitutional
£ revisions of our own Government. How far
lenmark can question the regularity or legality
of the notice, is another question, into which I do
not enter; but we have proceeded hastily in this
matter. I have no doubt of it. My honorable
friend from Virginia shakes his head. I think
so; and I think I can account for it. It is a very
small thing.
Mr. MASON. I only mean to say that I
offered the notice on due consideration, and after
a great deal of consultation with those whom I
thought were competent to advise; and we thought
we had the power. It was not done inconsider-
ately.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not know that
the gentleman had considered it. I had hoped
not; but he must have considered it very briefly
and very imperfectly, without reference to prece-
dent. If he had referred to precedents, he might
have found a case where a President of the United
States—one placed in the executive department
by the Senator's consent—President Polk—pur-
sued a different course. Precedents are some-
thing. In that case, as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has shown, he thought Congress should
authorize giving notice to England—not the Sen-
ate , but Congress; and in acting under that recom-
mendation Congress did give the notice. That
is a precedent worthy of some consideration. I
doubt whether the gentleman adverted to that pre-
cedent.
Mr. MASON. Indeed the Senator is mis-
taken. We did advert to it, and considered it
very maturely, and we were satisfied that both
Houses were invoked on that occasion only be-
cause it was considered safer, as difficulties might
arise between the two nations, to have the appro-
bation of both Houses, instead of one; but it was
not considered as a precedent at all.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I had supposed it was
because this was a very little matter, because it
was very small game which was being pursued,
that gentlemen had considered it proportionate to
the amount of interest in question, but without
much regard to any great principle. It seems to
me, that now they are brought to think whether
they were not wrong in their consideration.
Sir, my friend from Virginia is one of the gen-
tlemen who frequently indoctrinates us on the
subject of the strict construction of the Constitu-
tion. That is his school. Now let him point to
the treaty; he cannot find this power in the treaty.
It does not stipulate that the President shall give
notice. He takes it up as a political power derived
from the Constitution. Now, where does the
Constitution confer that power?
Mr. MASON. Where does the Constitution
give the power to Congress?
Mr. TOUCEY. " All legislative power" does
not embrace it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. " Alllegislativepower"
belongs to the Congress of the United States, and
all powers granted by the Constitution, great and
small, are exercised by or under the direction of
Congress and the President of the United States,
unless special instructions are given to the con-
trary. I lay that down as a general proposition.
Particular powers are given to particular Depart-
ments of the Government. All that are not so
specifically delegated, are delegated to the whole
Government—the President, Senate, and House
of Representatives. We do not find any special
delegation of authority in cases like this. If it
belongs to the legislative department, as I say it'
does—or rather as it seems to me to do, for I
ought not to speak too confidently "where there is
such a difference of opinion—if it is to be accom-
plished by legislation, it belongs to Congress.
If the President had a right to do this act in
conjunction with the Senate, why could henot do.
it himself? There is no provision in the Constitu-
tion that he is to consult the Senate in the abro-
gation of treaties. He may do it or not. He is
m fact abrogating this treaty. The power which
he exercised in giving the notice is no more and
no less than if he had chosen to abrogate a treaty
which contained no such provision as that for
terminating by notice. In the one case he does
it directly, and in the other indirectly; but his
power is equally exercised in each case. The
consequence is the same—the abrogation of a
treaty—if any legitimate consequence follows
from it.
I said, however, that the subject in relation to
which this controversy arose was a very small
matter. I wish it had remained a little while
longer in the dormitories of the executive de-
partment. What is the whole amount of Sound
dues which we have paid ? I think it is about
$2,000 per annum. Prom what I know upon the
subject, and from what I have read, I believe
that the claim of Denmark to those dues is not
just; but why get up all this disturbance in the
world, and make a question about that to which
all other nations submit, and which therefore
constitutes no point of honor with us? Is it on
account of the $2,000 ?_ I think we had better
have gone on to pay it, and quietly negotiate
upon it, and settle the matter the best way we
could, and not make it a great, world-wide ques-
tion of peace and of war. It looks as if we were
seeking after trouble, and wished to signalize
ourselves by hunting up minute rights and minute
quarrels, about which negotiation costs more than
the whole dues would be for many years. Is
that the way in which we would perform our
duties in private life, with a poor neighbor who
almost implores us and pleads poverty? It is
not the way that I think either the honorable
gentleman from Virginia or myself would act.
On such a question, to make a great disturbance
among nations seems to me to be altogether un-
worthy of the great diplomatic labors through
which wo have endeavored to accomplish it. _
I would have been content, as an American
citizen, to let the thing go on. I would not pay
this money if exacted as a mere tribute and
a blemish on our honor. Under such circum-
stances, I would not pay a dollar—not a cent
But by length of time, and by the acquiescence
of all the other nations of the world—proud and
honorable nations—this claim of Denmark is
founded on some plausibility of consideration;
at least the consideration of the acquiescence of
ages and the prescription of the usages of nations
I think we might have gone on quietly, and 1
would not have allowed it to fester up into a
question of honor, to engender in our minds a
spirit of hostility and a determination to advocate
and maintain a great principle—a principle only
worth $2,000 per annum!
Denmark is an humble Power, a small Power,
a poor Power—one not claiming these dues in
the spirit of arrogance, but pretending, at least,
that she does something in return—that she sets
lights on her coast and affords other little facilities
for commerce. That is the basis on which she
rests it—perhaps a more honorable basis than
that on which the claim first made its appearance
Sir, I did not intend to say so much. I rose
only to express the opinion, that this notice was
not regular; and therefore it seems to me that the
reference proposed by this resolution is exceed-
ingly proper, not merely for the purpose of in-
vestigating constitutional principles, as my friend
from Michigan [Mr. Cass] says, but for the
purpose of supplying by legislation, if we can
do so, any defect in the regularity and constitu-
tionality of the power which has been exercised.
I think something of that sort will be necessary
to put our merchants and our people on a solid
ana safe footing m regard to this matter
