1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for repairs of barracks and quarters, for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1857, which had been
reported from the Committee on Finance with
amendments, proposing to insert an appropriation
of $15,000 for Fort Schuyler, New York harbor;
$10,000 for Fort Wood, Bedlow's Island, New
York harbor; $42,200 for the purchase of land
for defensive purposes at Staten Island, New
York; and to increase the appropriation for con-
tingent expenses of fortifications, and preserva-
tion of sites, from $30,300 to $200,000.
Mr. PEARCE. The Committee on Finance
have had the subject under consideration, and
have come to {he conclusion that it would be
better for the Senate not to press these amend-
ments, but to take the bill as it came from the
House. There are but four amendments not of
indispensable importance, and,underthe circum-
stances, we are disposed not to press them, but
to take the bill as it comes from the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are no
amendments pending, the amendments of the
committee being withdrawn.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to know whether it
is in order for me to move an amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in order.
Mr. PEARCE. Allow me to say to the Sena-
tor that there are very important appropriations
for fortifications near his own city, which we
think would be endangered by any amendment.
For that reason we withdraw the amendments.
It is desirable to pass the bill promptly, if it be
passed at all. I hope, therefore, the question
will be put on the bill at once.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House i nsisted on their disagreement to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 153)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1857, asked
for a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses, and had appointed Mr. Campbell,
of Ohio, Mr. Q,uitman, and Mr. Pennington,
managers at the conference on their part.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate
agreed to the conference asked for by the House,
and Messrs. Brodhead, Clayton, and Douglas,
were appointed conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate.
DES MOINES RAPIDS VETO.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I desire to call up a
motion made by the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown] to reconsider the vote on the pas-
sage of the bill for the improvement of the Des
Moines rapids, in the Mississippi river, notwith-
standing the President's objections. I shall take
it as a great favor if the Senate will dispose of
that matter now. I ask for nothing but a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate J
refused to pass, by a vote of two thirds, the act j
for continuing the improvement of the Des Moines |
rapids, in the Mississippi river. A Senator voting i
in the negative has moved to reconsider that vote. |
Mr. YUL.EE. Without intending to detain ;
the Senate with any discussion of the matter, I ;
merely suggest, for the consideration of the Chair,
whether it "is in order to reconsider the vote on
this bill. I think the function of the Senate has
been discharged under ihe Constitution by the
vote which has been already taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Senate
rcadv for the question on the motion to recon-
sider? The Chair entertains no doubt on the
point. *
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is, whether the bill shall pass, the Presi-
dent's objections to the contrary notwithstanding? :
Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg "leave to say that I j
have paired off with the Senator from Maine j
[Mr. Fessknden] on this question. j
The question being taken by yeas and nays, j
resulted—yeas 30, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allen, Bell of Tennessee, Cass, Clay-
ton, Collamer, Oiittejiden, Dodge, Douglas, Durkee. Fish,
Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hale, Harlan, James, Jones of Iowa,
.T' ios> of Tennessee, Pearce, Pratt, Pugii, Sebastian, Sew-
ard. Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Trumbull. Wade,
Wvlki, Wilson, and Wiiglit—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Brown, Butler, Clay,
Pitzpatrick, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Maiiory, Mason,
Reid, Toombs, and Yulee—14.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two thirds
of the Senate havingvoted for the bill, it is passed,
the President's objections to the contrary not-
withstanding.
PATAPSCO RIVER BILL VETO.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, returning, in compliance with
the request of the Senate, the bill entitled "An act
for the improvement of the navigation of the
Patapsco river, and to render the port of Balti-
more accessible to the war steamers of the United
States."
Mr. PRATT. I ask for a vote on that bill.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Florida just
now raised an objection, that it was not compe-
tent for the Senate to reconsider the vote which
had been taken on the Des Moines rapids bill.
The President of the Senate decided that it was
competent for tins body to proceed to reconsider
the vote. I have had no time to examine into the
subject; but, on looking to the Constitution, I
think it will be seen that, if we do so, we shall
have a second reconsideration. The Constitu-
tion, after providing for the presentation of every
bill which Congress passes to the President, says
this:
11 If he approve he shall ^ign it: but if not, lie dull return
it, with his objections, to that House in which it shall have
originated, who shall enter the objections at large on their
Journal, and pioeeed to reconsider it."
The Constitution says, that if Congress, having
considered it, pass a- law, and the President re-
fuses to approve it, the two Houses shall sepa-
rately proceed to reconsider what Uiey have done.
We have reconsidered this bill,as we did the bill
for the Des Moines rapids, and the judgment of
the Senate has been had. It is proposed now to
reconsider that reconsideration. That is the light
in which it strikes me. On the motion to recon-
sider I ask for the yeas and nays, that it may be
seen how we stand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What 13 the
point made by the Senator from Virginia?
Mr. MASON I understand the present mo-
tion is to reconsider the vote by which the Sen-
ate refused to pass, over the veto of the President,
the Patapsco river bill. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion to reconsider.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The message
from the President, accompanying the bill, will
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the Senate of the United States:
1 return herewith the hill entitled "An act for the im-
pi ovemrnt of the navigation of the Patapsco river, and to
render the port of Baltimore accessible to the war steamers
of the United States," and submit it for reeoiiMdeiation,
because it is, in my judgment, liable to the objections to
the prosecution of internal lrnpiovements by the General
Government, set foith at length m the communication ad-
dressed by me to the two Houses of Centres', on the 30th
day of December, 1854, and in other s-ubsetjuent messages
on the same subject; to which on tin* occasion ] icspect-
fully refer. FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Jlugmt 14, 1856.
Mr. MASON. I present the question for the
consideration of the Chair, whether it is compe-
tent to make the motion to reconsider, and I ask
for the judgment of the Chair upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There has
been no action on the bill now returned by the
President, as the Chair understands.
Mr. MASON. Certainly we have reconsid-
ered, and two thirds did not vote for it. It has
been reconsidered. The proposition now is to j
reconsider the reconsidering vote. j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I was not in
the Chair at the time it was acted on, and was
not aware of the fact. The Senator from Vir-
ginia raised a point of order, whether it is in the
power of the Senate to reconsider a vote refusing
to pass a bill over the objections of the President.
The Chair has no doubt of it. The rule provides
that every subject which has been decided, may
be reconsidered, and this comes within the rule
as much as any other case.
Mr. BAYARD. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate ?"
Mr. BAYARD. I shall not trouble the Senate,
at this, late hour, with stating my views; but I
owe it to myself, as I should otherwise vote to
pass the bill, to say—without entering, into any
critical analysis of the Constitution—that- this
vote was taken under the mandate of the Consti-
tion, and not under the rules of the Senate.-
Under these circumstances, the vote against the
bill is a rejection of the bill, which is not capable
of reconsideration. I cannot, consistently with
these views, vote for it. .
Mr. TOOMBS. I think this question may
very well be decided either way by the Senate,
though I am strongly inclined to. the opinion of
my friends from Virginia and Delaware; but the
objection is useless. Since this rejection, you
know we have seen lists and heard of agreements
illustrating my objection to this whole system.
Gentlemen have not been keeping tally for noth-
ing since we defeated this bill. They know
what they are about.
Mr. STDART. I wish to say a few words
j on this question of power- I submit that it
1 merely because the Constitution uses the only
expressive word in the languague, to direct the
action of the Senate or the House anew on a bill
I returned by the President, that gentlemen are at
all misled. There is no other'Word in the English
language which would be so expressive of the
design of the Constitution, as the one which is
employed—" reconsider." That is not a recon-
sideration within the meaning of parliamentary
rules; but it is a direction that the Senate shall
proceed to vote upon the bill again, and without
that it could not be done. Without providing a
means of returning the bill to the Senate, and
defining that the Senate should again vote upon
it, by parliamentary rules, that could not be done;
because a motion to reconsider must be. made by
a member voting in the majority within a speci-
fied time. I say it is only because the Constitu-
tion uses the word " reconsider," being the most
expressive word in the English languague by
which to define the duties of "Congress, that gen-
tlemen are at all misled. It simply means that
the Senate shall proceed to act upon the bill
again, and vote upon it again. Any other term
to express this idea would have been equally ap-
plicable; but as contradistinguished from a mo-
tion to reconsider, made by the Senate, of a vote
which has passed, (which motion it is declared
by our rules cannot be made more than once,) it
is perfectly clear that it is another and distinct
proposition. The very fact stated by the Senator
I from Delaware, that it is a constitutional pro-
I vision, is the fact which takes it out of the par-
j liamentary rale, that authorizes us to move to
reconsider any vote which has taken place.
I Mr. MASON. The objection I made, and on
i which I asked for the judgment of the Chair, was
' with no reference to the rules of the Senate. The
Senate can prescribe what rules it thinks proper
i for the convenient dispatch of business. My ob-
jection has no reference whatever to the rules of
the Senate. Itiefers to the constitutional pro-
vision. What is it? The Constitution provides
that laws shall bo passed upon the votes of the
two Houses and the approval of the President.
It provides further that, if the President with-
holds his approval, the bill which has been passed
by the two Houses^hall be returned to the Senate
in which it originated; and the Constitution pro-
vides that, when returned, the House in which it
originated shall proceed to do—what? The hon-
orable Senator from Michigan says correctly,
shall proceed to vote upon it again. True, by the
term " reconsider"—and 1 care not by what term
they are required to vote upon it again. The
Constitution prescribes the function; and when it
is discharged, the function of the House is at an
end. Otherwise we mighjt proceed to vote again,
and again, andagain, ten times a day,in order to
overrule the President's veto by accidental ma-
jorities of the House, unless there was a rule of
the Senate to aid and sustain the Constitution.
That is about the argument. It is not on this
term " reconsider," and far less with reference to
the rules of the Senate, that I say, as my judg-
ment, that when the Constitution remits this bill
to the Senate and requires us to reconsider it, and
we have reconsidered it, the function of the Sen-
ate is at Olid, and we cannot, under any rule of the
Senate, go over it again.
Mr. SEWARD. There was a case in which
we had this general principle decided with al-
most entire unanimity. The Constitution of the
