THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
Grow, J- Morrison Harris, Harrison, Haven,. Hickman,
Hofiman, Bolloway, George W. Jones, Kunkel, Letcher,
JlaiupJjreyMarshall, McQueen, Meacham, Killian Miller,
Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan, Morrill, Nichols, Andrew
Oliver, Paine, Perry, Pettit, Purviance, Puryear, Ricaud.
I&tChie, Ruffin, Sage, Scott, Stewart, Talbott, Todd, Traf-
tpn, Trippe, Underwood, Wakeman, Israel Washburn,
Wjnslow, and Wood—61.
So the substitute was agreed to.
Fending the call of the roll,
Mr.-BLISS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Greenwood.
- ' Mr. FOSTER said: I hav.e paired off with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania,Mr, Fuller, upon
all railroad bills; but as I know that if he were
here he would vote for the amendment, I will
vote, and vote in4.he affirmative.
Mr. McMULLIN stated that he had paired
off with Mr. King until and including the tenth
of next month.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. SAGE:moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Saturday next.
Mr, JONES, ofTennessee. I think that motion
will do no good. If we can do anything here to-
morrow, I think we had better work. I do not
expect to leave, and I am willing to come Sp here
and move to adjourn from day to day, until mem-
bers get back from Cincinnati.
Mr. BURNETT. I suppose no quorum will
be here to-morrow, but J will withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I renew the motion made
by the gentleman from Kentucky; and I do so,
because 1 believe a great many members will leave
the city to-morrow, and that we shall not have a
quorum here.
Mr. PHELPS. I submit whether that motion
can be entertained under the operation of the
previous question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it can,
and that it takes precedencc of the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. GROW. 1 desire to make an appeal to
gentlemen, and this whole difficulty can be set-
tled. I desire to make a proposition which will
accommodate all sides of the House.
Jf gentlemen will consent to let the Committee
on Territories make a report, and put it down to
be considered on a day certain, beyond the time
of the conventions, I presume there will bo no
objection to an adjournment upon this side of the
House.
Mr. JONES. What is it? Is it a report from
the Committee on Territories?
Mr. GROW. Yes.
Mr. JONES. Then you will report when that
committee is called.
Mr. GROW. Then I hope the motion to ad-
journ over will be voted down.
Mr. DAVIDSON. What in the proposition?
Mr. GROW. It is that the House will consent
that the Committer on Territories may make a
report, not to he considered until after the close
of the conventions, but to be put down for consid-
eration at a day ahead of both conventions. There
will then be no further opposition upon this side
of the House.
Mr, JONES. I would ask the gentleman if
he wishes to report a bill to admit Kansas into
the Union under the Topeka convention?
Mr. GROW. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLINGMAN. To relieve nil difficulty, I
object to all business out of order.
Mr,' GROW. I hope this side of the House
will insist upon the regular order of business, and
-consent to no adjournment over.
The question recurring on the motion to adjourn
oyer,
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Phe question was then put, and the motion was
disagreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. BURNETT, As I am about to leave for
home, I ask the gentleman from New York who
made the motion to permit me to introduce a bill
merely for the purpose of reference.
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unani-
mous consent.
No objection being made,
Mr. BURNETT introduc
introduced a bill ceding to
the State of Kentucky Wolf Island, in the Missis-
sippi river; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was disagreed to.
The bill wag then ordered to he engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time.
Mr. WALKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time, and to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CUMBACK, (at twenty minutes past
three.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken on the passage of the
hill; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
62, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Barbom, Barksdale, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, ihlhn<rhtust, Bit-hop, Bowie, Bronton, Uioom,
Butlinton, iiurhn<!.ime, Orutheis, Chaffee, Ezia Clark,
Williamson it. W. Cobb, Cumins, Covode, Davidson,Dean,
Dodd, Dowdell, Edwaids, Euatis, "Evans., Granger, Samp-
eon W. Hunis, Heibeit, Ilughston, Kelsey, Kennett, Knapp,
Knight, Ivnowlton, Lake, Lmdley, Maxwell, Milhvaui,
Parker, Peck, Peltoti, Phelps, Porter, L'rmjrle, Rivers, San-
dulge, Sapp, Samuel A. Smith, Ktranalian, Tappin, Taylor,
Tlioiirijjton, Tlmr^km, Wall>nd<re, Waldion, Walker, Cad-
walader t\ WasUbumc, A Veils, Williams, WoodrulF, Wood-
worth, and Daniel B. Wright—6-2.
NAYS — Mes^ts. Aiken, Albught, Allison, Binjrhnm,
Brooks, Burnett, Cadvvalader, James H. Campbell, Ca<;ie,
Clmgman, Cox, Craijje, Cumbaek, Day, Dick, Dickson,
EdmutuUon, LOmrie, Flagler, Florence, Galloway, Coode,
Crow, J.Morn^on llarn-. Harrison, Haven, llolloway, Val-
entine B. Horton, George W. Jones, Kunklc, Letcher,
Humphrey Marshall, McQueen, Meacham, Smith Miller,
Millson, Morrill, Andrew Oliver, Terry, Pettit, Purviance,
Pin year, Reade, Ricaud, Roberts, Ituflin, Sage, Scott, Wil-
liam Smith, Stewart, Talbott, Todd, Trafton, Trtppe, Un-
derwood, Wakeman, Israel Washburn, and Window—58.
So the bill was passed.
Ponding the call of the roll,
Mr. li A RKfcJPALE stated that he had paired
off after to-morrow, until the 12th of next month,
with Mr. Tm'iun.
Mr. OUVKH, of New York, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Dawdmjn- for a week from
to-morrow on all questions except the case of the
investigation in regard to the gentleman from
South Cciiolina, [Mr. IhtuoKs.]
Mr. SANDIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. LETCHER called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion to
reconsider was In id on the table.
Mr. WALIJTUDCrE moved to amend the title
of the bill by substituting as follows:
An aet making a grant of lands to the State of
Louisiana, to aid m the construction of railroads
in said State.
The amendment was adopted; and the title, as
amended, was agreed to.
Mr. SxVNDIDGE moved to reconsidorthevote
by which the title was agreed to, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsidcr on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to,
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn; but first 1 move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet at one minute
before twelve o'clock to-morrow, and then adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
pending the motion to adjourn. The time of
meeting- of the House is fixed bya standing order,
and cannot be changed.
Mr. I^LORENCE. Unless by unanimous con-
sent ?
The SPEAKER. Unless by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I ask the unanimous
consent.
Mr. FLAGLER. I object.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to; and
thereupon (at fifteen minutes to four o'clock, p.
m.) the House adjourned till to-morrow, at twelve
o^lock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May ^9,1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate, information in
relation to the claims of John Rice Jones; which,
on motion of Mr. Stuart, was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. FITZPATR1CIC presented the petition
of Jane Smith, praying to be allowed the right
of preemption to certain lands in Alabama, upon
the performance of certain duties; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WELLER presented a petition of the
Mount Washington Road Company, of the State
of New Hampshire, praying for an appropriation
to aid in the construction of an observatory on
the summit of Mount Washington, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of citizens
of Baltimore, Maryland, praying for an appro-
priation for improving the navigation of the
Mississippi river and its tributaries; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
JVlr. MALLORY presented the petition of Susan
Decatur, widow of the late Commodore Stephen
Decatur, praying to be allowed arrears of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
AilViirs.
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of the widow
of Henry Cartncr, a soldier in Wayne's army,
pra^un^ to bo allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, presented the
petition of Emarine Young, widow of Matthew
Young, a soldier in the late war with Mexico,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of N.
P. Bemis, praying for the remission of certain
duties; winch was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
papers withdrawn and referred*
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the lepal representatives
of John ( . Mackall, on the tiles oi the Senate, te reiened
to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Samuel Orapm, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, it was
Ordered, That the menioual and papers of Clements,
Biyan & Company, on the files r t' the Senate, be reiened
to the Couit of Claims.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That Eplnaim f. Gilbert have leave to with-
draw Ins petition and papeis.
Toledo custom-house.
Mr.PUGH presented the following resolution;
which was considered byunanimous consent,and
agreed to:
71 evolved, That the Committee on Commerce he directed
to inquuc into the expediency of putting an additional story
upon the bunding designed fur a custom-house and post
oifice at Toledo, m the State of Ohio, and report by joint
resolution or otherwise.
ellsworth custom-tiouse.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 91) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to modify the plan of the cus-
tom-house at Ellsworth,Maine; which was read
the first and second times by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 36)
making a grant of land to the State of Louisiana,
to aid in the construction of railroads m said
State.
