mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
August 16,
United States directs that Senators in Congress :
shall be chosen by the Legislatures of the States, j
An honorable Senator from Florida came here, I
ami presented credentials showing an election, as ;
he claimed. The Legislature, under the law of j
that State, proceeded to elect a Senator in Con-
gress. If the blank ballots were rejected, he had ;
a majority; if the blanks were counted as blanks, 1
he was in the minority. The honorable Senator '
claimed a seat upon the ground that the blank '
ballots were improperly and irregularly counted
as ballots,when they ought to have been counted
as blanks. The Senate took the case into con-
sideration, and, I believe, with not a solitary dis- ;
seating vote, pronounced their judgment. The
resolution, if I rightly recollect, expressly record-
ing the sense of the Senate that it was for the
Legislature of Florida to determine when they ■
had accomplished the act of electing a Senator by
their law; and thatinasmuch as, after this voting,
they proceeded to another balloting, in winch
they elected a different person, they declared that 1
It was the judgment of the Legislature of Florida
that the first vote went for nothing. Now, apply
that to our own ease. It is for us to say when
we have reconsidered and settled our determina- i
tion upon any proposition. We may hold our- !
selves to one, or two, or three considerations or |
reconsiderations; but until it goes beyond our ,
possession, and is certified and given to the world,
published and established as an edie.t, each of our .
acts is subject to our revision and reconsideration.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 recollect very well the vote
which was taken on the Floridacase. Of course ;
the records of the reasons of the Senate do not \
appear on the Journal. In that case, the vote of ;
the Senate was unanimous; but, according to my ,
recollection, the ground was not th.it which the j
honorable Senator from -New York asrauncs at
all, and, therefore, I think his analogy fails. 1 do :
not see any analogy between the cases. My reool- ■
lection of the case is that, if you counted the blank 1
ballots, there was no constitutional Legislature of '
Florida voting for any Senator, and that was the j
ground oil which I am sure several Senators voted
—of course 1 cannot answer for the opinion of j
all—1 can spenk of my own and many others. It ,
was on the ground that, if you counted the blank j
ballots, theic did not appear to be a vote in favor
of any one, or, if you treated them as nullities,
there no constitut ioual fjuorum of the Legis-
lature of Flonda voting. If you tieated them
a.s votes for one purpose, you must fot another,
and then there was no majority.
Mr. i I ALL. I do not want to occupy the t one
of the Senate, but it. strikes me that this isavetv
plam question. Oui legislative reconsideration in
entirely different from the constitutional recon-
sideration; but I do not wish to go into the de-
bate.
Mr. MASON. 1 will read asucceedmg partof
this paragraph of the Constitution which, it semn.s
to me, is interpretative of the liist part:
" 1 !*, aftet :• urh i c< i m--1 ite rati on, I wo tlni.l- <>t' that [ 1 < hhc
fit all n«:ie(> to pa* - Hi'1 tall, it -hall be *riii, t<> vthe  with the
to the ot iiei House, h\ w Inch n --ha!I hkewi-e he
t«-< (iii^uh-i'-H. .tad, il .tj'l'iovi it l)) tun (iuoh <>l th.H tluu>e,
it shall become .1 l:uv.M
Now, as 1 umhu stand it, the mandate uf the
Constitution u?, (hat w< shall reconsider ii by a
vote, taken by yea« and nays, and if two thirds
pass it. it is then to he sent to the other House,
ui which it did not oi inmate, who shaU take the
same step, and after they shall pass it by two
thirds, it shall become a law. We have recon-
sidered litis bill by a vote of yeas and nays.
Whether it iias been sent to tin- j louse or not, I
do not know, hut it ought to have been sent to the
JIoum; for then aetion/m it. The Consutuuon,
a?5 i think, means that the function of the House
of Represent itives, or the Senate, as the case may
be, is ended when 1: ha* taken tiie vote reconsid-
ering the hill.
Mr. PRATT. It seems to me the plain com-
mon-sense view of the Constitution is this: when
the President vetoes n bill, a constitutional im-
pediment u put in the way of its b^mg passed
our that veto except by two thirds of encii inane h
of tin nafonal Legislature. The Constitution
docs not pretend, to proscribe the -jho uiodo m
whirls the sr*n$e of either branch of the Legisla-
ture .shall be taken. You are to have two thirds
of each branch in order t.o p.iss the bill over the
President t> veto; but the quo modo in which you
are to ascertain the sense of each branch is not
prescribed by the Constitution. If, therefore,
the Constitution had used the term "unless passed
by two thirds," it would be precisel}' the same
as it now is with the word " reconsidered" in-
stead of the word " passed." Under the Consti-
tution we are to ascertain whether it is the sense
of two thirds of this body that this bill shall be-
come a law notwithstanding the veto of the Pres-
ident.
Mr. PEARCE. The term " reconsideration"
as used in the Constitution is not used in the
technical sense, nor with reference to any parlia-
mentary rule. It is nothing more nor less than
a direction, that on the return of a bill with the
President's velo it shall ho taken up de novo. It
is nota reconsideration in the parliamentary sense
at all, and theiefore cannot preclude that recon-
sideration to winch, under parliamentary law,
every bill is subject.
Mr. MASON. As a doubt has been raised, I
ask whether the bill originated in the Senate or
House ?
Mr. PRATT. It is a Senate bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a bill of
the Senate. The Chair will remark, in support
of his own decision, that he regards the word
" reconsider" used in the Constitution as a mere
direction to the legislative body to winch the bill
is r< turn'd, to vote upon it again. The Senate
having; voted upon it, either passing or rejecting
it, they have a flight to reconsider that vote. The
question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate
Mr. MASON. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas ami nays were ordeied.
Mr. BAYARD. I will not detain the Senate
loii<*, but I will state bnei'y the view J take of
this important point. It' we look, as I suppose
we mav som< times m these days, to the com-
mentaries on the Constitution, contained in the
papeis composing the Federalist, we lind that
the principal object for which the veto power
wan «>m>n to the Kxecutive of the United States
was for the purpose of self-protection against the
legislation of tlit* coordinate branch of the Gov-
ernment. The Constitution authorizes the Pres-
ident to have a qualified veto, a qualified negative
011 all bills, for that object m the main, with other
objects also. Aftei Congiess have passed a bill
it must <;;o to bun for his approval; and if* he re-
iuses it he is obliged to i^ive you his reasons for
his reiusal, and those reasons must be spread on
your Journal, and you must take a vote—bow5
Not as you can under the rules of the Senate;
but the ('on^lnutum prescribes that it shall be
by yeas and nays. You cannot take any other
vote. It looks fo me as if there was a distinct
nitonf that t here r-hould be in a case of lhis kind,
with a view to pi <>n ct ion, but a single and a
formal vote taken,is to whether the lull to which
the Pie-'ident objected should stand or should
fall by a majority of t wo thirds of the Senate.
There !s akvavs of coin se a majority of the Sen-
ate m favor of evety bill which they pass which
goes to the Kxecutive—a majonty have the eon-
tiol of it. If tins theoiy be true, that vou can
I t eoonsider your s econsiderin^ vote, of course the
i Piesideiu is in the power of the Senate win re
I the
! he
te is anythue.; like an approach to two thuds;
is in (lie |io\ur of Congress to overrule Ins
U'toany time by a mere accidental vote of two
third'-1: torn nrijontv have only to watch their
own opportunity, and if, though a bill may have
been rejected on a vote taken under the Constitu-
tion, they can leconsnler that vote, then, when-
ever they find that two thuds can be obtained
lor o measure, they will reverse the negative of
tin' President. I tinnk the primary object of the
Constitution—seif-pioteeiion to the Bxecutne—
ni giving- lorn this veto power, would be mfimged
upon and destioved if tins prmciph be adopted
of the right, under the mere rules of the Senate, to
■ ! econsider anil give a second vote after a measure
has been rejected on the formal vote, taken ac-
; cording to the meaning of the Constitution, upon
i the leasons assigned by the President.
j The question being taken by yeas and nays, 1
j resulted—yeas 3*2, Kays il; as follows: :
I YE\^—Mc>sk. .Adam-, Alien, Be|[ ot New llampsmre, j
t'.f'i o; Bij™-, Krowno'aw, Clayton. Cntten- '
don. Policial Duskce. Foot. TWoi', Ueyer, Jfajp, ■
Hailan. Jamefs. Jone.% of Iowa, Mallory, Peaioe, Piatt, j
Puzir, R'aid, Helm-maa, Seward. ^iuait, Tniiubull, WaJe, j
' WsHci. \Vi!"on and Wiiglit—*tg
NAYS —Bayard* Putler, riay, Fitzpatiick,
FJon.-ton, ivee-.on, Mason, Toombs, and \ uiee—9.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on reconsidering the vote.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the passage of the bill, the President's
objections to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. BAYARD. I of course do not deem my-
self bound to vote against this bill; but 1 cannot
vote for it with my own convictions. Bowing to
the majority of the Senate, 1 shall not vote at "all.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think this bill, as it was
reported, comes fairly within the exceptional
principle which I have announced; but it is m
very bad company, with a bad combination,and,
therefore, [ vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 14; as follows:
YE \S—Mp-vi-j. Allen, P.el! of TomiP^oc. Rigler, Oa^<?,
Cbyton, Oojlainer. Cuttetiden, Dodsc, Dousfla-, Durkee,
Fi--ii, loot, Fo^feii Geyt'i, Hale, Hailan. Jones ot
Iowa. .Innt> of'Tcuue^^co, Peaicc, Piatt, Pu<jh, Seba^nan,
SfMvanl. Sruat t, Thom-on of New Jei?ey, Tuimbull, Wade,
Wciler, WiNon, and Wnjjlit—31.
\A\S—Me-v-,t>. Adani^, Blight, Blown, Butler,
Clay, Fit/.patiick, flou-ton. Utrntcr, Ivoivon, Malloty,
Reui, Tooiiiti-;, and Yulcc—14.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two thirds of
the Senate having voted for the bill, it is passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRFD.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the bill (I-I. R.
No. 27l>) granting bounty land to the officers and
crews of private armed vessels commissioned by
the United States, was read twice by its title,and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
COMMITTEE REPORT.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (PI.
It. No. 301) authorizing the establishment of a
navy depot on Clythe Island, at Brunswick, on
the coast of Georgia, and for other purposes,
reported it without amendment.
WASHINGTON BRIDGES.
Mr. BROWN. Yesterday we passed an amend-
ment to one of the appropriation bills, appropri-
ating a considerable sum of money to keep bridges
m this city in repair. The Mouse of Represent-
atives have sent us a very proper bill to prevent
trespasses on those bridges, and to enable the
city authorities of Washington to keep them in
repair. 1 ask that it maybe taken up. i under-
stand that it is very important to prevent these
trespasses, and that money will be saved by its
passage.
11 The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
1' coeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
j1 suh'r the bill (II. R. No. ^3X4) to extend the
t jurisdiction of the corporation of the city of
|j Washington over the lower Eastern Branch, or
j Navy-Yard bridge, and to regulate travel on the
|. uppei Eastern Branch, oi BenmngVs bridge, and
,! for olht r purposes.
: Mr. PRO\vrN. It is a short bill, and contains
; but two provisions: One is to prevent persons
i fioni shooii'i'^ on the bridges, by which travel-
1 ers are incommodi d; and the other is to prevent
galloping over them with loaded wagons.
Tiie bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
SENATC HILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by JSidnxy Winter. Esip, his Secretary,
announced that he had approved and signed the
following enrolled bills:
An act to regulate the compensation of members
of Congress; •
An a-a providing for a necessary increase and
better organization of the medical department of
the Army; and
An act to amend the acts regulating the fees,
co.sts, and other judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment, in the States. Territories, and District of
Columbia, and for other purposes.
SUPPLEMENTARY ARMY RILL.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 427) making additional
appropriations for the support of the Army for
rhe year ending" June 30, lyf>7, the question pend-
