1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
In introducing this question, I remarked that
it was of domestic concern under our own Con-
stitution, with which, of course, Denmark has
nothing to do. All references, therefore, to that
Power have been superfluous, if not illogical.
Her consent is not sought in the proposed term-
ination of the treaty. On the contrary, it will be
terminated against her known desires. We are
to look for our rule of conduct to our own Con-
stitution. This 1 assume as an undeniable postu-
late.
The discussion, though protracted, has not
been unprofitable; butat each stage we have been
brought back to the clear and unmistakable dis-
tinction between the power to make treaties, and
the power to abrogate them, under our Constitu-
tion. The President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, may make treaties; but
there is nothing in the Constitution conferring
upon them the power to abrogate treaties. To
attribute to them any such power is to go beyond
the Constitution. Nor has any Senator here dis-
tinctly, and in terms, claimed for them this power.
On the contrary, I think that the Senators on the
other side—both the Senator from Virginia and
the Senator from Connecticut—admit that a treaty
cannot be abrogated except by virtue of an act
of Congress. I understood the Senator from
Connecticut to make this admission, and I believe
the Senator from Virginia did also.
Mr. Mason" here nodded assent
Mr. TOUCEY. lmeancxcept by act of Con-
gress, or a new treaty.
Mr. SUMNER. But I put aside the whole
idea of a new treaty, constituting in itself a new
transaction, and involving- the assent of the for-
eign Power. The President and Senate, with
the assent of a foreign Power, may, of course,
make a new treaty; but we are now dealing
with the case where the whole proceeding is
without any such assent. And I come back
again to the admission of both Senators, that a
treaty can be abrogated only by act of Congress.
This admission is important, and, as it seems to
me, conclusive.
But here a distinction is made by these Sena-
tors between treaties which contain no provision
for their termination, and treaties which contain
such provision. And I understand the Senator
from Virginia to maintain that a treaty termin-
ated in pursuance of such a provision is not abro-
gated. This is strange; for in both cases the
treaty is brought to an end by our special inter-
vention; and this is done without the consent of the
other contracting party. If this is not the abroga-
tion of a treaty, I do not see what can be. You
may, if you choose, call it by a softer term, but
still it is the same thing. The treaty is invali-
dated or made to cease. But I will not argue this
question. I submit to Senators opposite, wTio
have maintained their views with so much con-
stancy, that their position is not tenable; I say
this frankly, but with entire respect for their
learning and ability. The same power must be
invoked under our Constitution to terminate a
treaty which contains a provision for its termin-
ation, on notice from either party, as to terminate
a treaty which contains no such provision; and
in both cases the treaty may properly be said to
be abrogated. The single distinction between
the two cases is, that the treaty in one case is
abrogated in defiance of the other party, and, per-
haps, 011 hostile grounds; while in the other case
it is abrogated in pursuance of a power specially
reserved, and, therefore, without any just cause
of offense; but in both cases the life of the treaty
is destroyed by our act. Permit me to add, that
the distinction made between these two classes
of treaties is a distinction without a difference,
and the admission that a treaty can be abrogated
only by act of Congress is as applicable to one
class as to another. It settles the question.
I rest, then, confidently on this conclusion, that
a treaty is a part of the supreme law of the land,
and cannot be set aside, terminated, repealed, or
abrogated, except by the exercise of the highest
power known to the Constitution, embodying the
collected will of the whole people in a legislative
act, under the sanction of the Senate and House
of Representatives of the United States in Con-
gress assembled.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Commitee on Foreign Relations be
directed to consider the expediencv of some act of legisla-
tion having the concurrence of both Houses of Congress,
by which the treaty with Denmark regulating the payment
of Sound dues may be effectively abrogated, in conformity
with the requirements of the Constitution, under which
every treaty is a part of u the supreme law of the land,"
and in conformity with the practice of the Government m
such cases.
On motion, the Senate adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 6, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SELECT COMMITTEE ON RULES.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Perry,
Campbell of Ohio, Jones, of Tennessee, Haven,
and Stephens, the Select Committee on Rules/
REPORT FROM COURT OF CLAIMS. \
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Clerk of the Court of Claims,
transmitting, by direction of the court, and in
pursuance of law, an act to carry into effect the
decisions of the court in the cases of Samuel P.
Todd, John Shaw, and Isidore P. Beaugrand.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the communica-
tion, with the accompanying report and bill from
the Court of Claims, be printed and referred to a
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. ORR. I would suggest to the gentleman
from New York that the accompanying bill from
the court had better be read a first and second
time, before it be referred.
Mr. HOUSTON. It occurs to me that a bill
which is intended for the action of this House
ought to go to some committee. The Committee
on Claims is a standing committee of this House,
and perhaps it ough t to go there. If it be intended
that we are simply to carry out the judgment of
the Court of Claims in every case, we might as
well pass the bills without referring them any-
where. If, however, our purpose is to make an
examination of the cases ourselves, it occurs to
me that it ought to take the usual course for its
examination. I did not understand the Court of
Claims to destroy or withdraw the jurisdiction of
committees over matters appropriate to them, or
to obviate the necessity of their action. If the
House, or the Committee of the Whole House,
are to examine the judgment of the court, and
inquire into its correctness, why should it notgo,
as in other cases, to one of the standing commit-
tees of the House, whose appropriate duty and
businessit is to make that particularexamination.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. What is the
motion before the House?
The SPEAKER. A report from the Court of
Claims has been made by general consent. There
is no motion before the House. After the bill
shall have been read a first and second time, it
will be then open to a motion of reference.
Mr. JONES. I did not understand the remarks
of the gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. ORR. My proposition was this, that the
bill accompanying the report which is here pur-
suant to the law organizing the Court of Claims,
should be twice read, and then referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. JONES. My own judgment is, that it
should be referred to the Committee on Claims.
Having taken some pains to examine and prepare
the bill organizing tne court, and knowing very
well what the objects in view were, I think that
it would facilitate the proceedings of the House
if these reports should now and hereafter take
just that direction. I do not propose to make
any remarks on the subject, further than simply
in relation to the direction of this and all future
reports from that court. I concur with the gen-
tleman from South Carolina as to the propriety of
having the bill read a first and second time, and
then I wish to move that it be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, as follows:
A bill making appropriations for the payment •
of certain claims. j
Mr. HAVEN. I have only one word to say. j
1 have no desire with regard to this business, j
with the single exception of putting it in a proper's
train,andadopting the best meansof carrying out I
the objects of the law organizing the Court of |
Clairns. It has been suggested by the' gentlernan
from Alabama, that this report, together with Lli§*
accompanying bill, be referred to the Committed
on Claims. * I subttiit'to the gentleman's, o'yri
good judgment that it is better not to have ft So
referred. What do we g;ain if*we se£d Cho&e labors
and this examination' o'f th^ Court of
back to where "they originated, arid sjta^t ngsfiif
with a committee of this House? The very object;
of the law was that the court should be institute"}
that it might make due, propeV, carefiiU d'efimiej
and deliberate inquiry in relation to" the law aru|
the facts of each case of which it had jurisdiction,
and report to the 'House—standing in the place
of the committee—doing the work better, more
thoroughly, more deliberately, more completely
than the committee can do it, being aided by coun-
sel on the part of the Government, and by counsel
on the part of the petitioner or claimant, and re-
porting after argument and on due consideration.
And when their report is made here, with an ac-
companying bill—for the law provides that when
they report they shall report a bill to carry ihe'ir
recommended action into effect—the law also pro-
vides that without motion here the bill and report
shall be printed; we can then go into Committee
of the Whole House, and act discreetly. Now,
certainly that should put us as far along in the
regular road, in the high road of legislation, as
we were putbefore the Court of Claims was estab-
lished, by having the claim referred to a com-
mittee iri the first instance, and having that"com-
mittee report to the House. What we want to
make business perspicuous and to get the antici-^
pated benefits from the creation of this Court of
Claims is, that the report of the court—carefully
and deliberately made—shall be submitted to the
careful examination of the Committee of the
Whole House. There is no propriety, I submit,
in sending ltto any other committee. The report
of the court should at least be equivalent to the
report of a standing committee of this House. It
seems to me that this is the only way to make the
action of this court useful and efficient. The
House will pardon me for reading part of the
seventh section of the bill organizing this court:
"That said court shall keep a recoid of their proceedings
and shall, at the commencement of each session of Con-
gress, ami at the commencement of each month during the
session ot Congic^s, report to Congress the cases upon
which thev shall have finally acted, stating in each the ma-
terial facts which they find established by the evidence,
with their opinion in the ease, and the reasons upon which
fcucli opinion is founded."
That certainly ought to be equal to, and stand
in the place of, the examination of a committee.
"Any judge who may dissent from the opinion of the
majority shall append his reasons for such dissent to the re-
port ; and such report, together with the briefs of the soli-
citor and of the claimant which shall accompany the report,
upon being made to cither House of Congress, shall be
piinted m the same manner as other public documents.
And said court shall prepare a.bill or bills in those cases
which f>hall have received the favorable opinion thereof, in
such form as, if enacted, will carry the same into effect.
And two or more cases may be embraced in the same bill
wfteie the separate amount proposed to be allowed in each
case shall be less than $1,OQO. And the'said court shall
transmit with said reports the testimony in each case,
whether the same shall receive the favorable or adverse ac-
tion of said court."
Now, I submit to the gentlemen of the House
that, to make this court useful, to give it any
efficiency whatever to aid us in our action, and
to facilitate public business—the most efficient
way, at least, is to print the report and bill as we
print the reports and bills of a committee, and
refer it to the Committee of the Whole House,
the same as we refer the report of any standing
committee. And when we go into that Committee
of the Whole we can take up the report and bifl,
and,act upon them. There is the evidence taken.
There is the conclusion at which the court has
arrived. They have fully examined the facts,
and heard and considered the arguments by
counsel on the part of the Government, and by
counsel on the part of the claimant, and we can
read them, and consider them, and decide upon
them intelligibly in Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It seems to me,
sir, that the reports of the Court of Claims should
be referred to some committee of this House, if
for no other reason than that some members of
this House ipay have their attention particularly
called to them—that they may look into them,
and see the merits of the cases; that they may- be
prepared, when we take them up in Committee
