598
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13,
34th Cono....1st Sess.
National Politics—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
such removal shall be filled in the manner provided by the
resolution of the convention." «
It is possible, however, that these Hard-Shell
gentlemen may set forth, as the ground of their
efforts to defeat the union of the Democracy in
New York, that they scorn a mere coalition for
the sake of o$ce—that they desire no success
■which is not based upon principle. If so, Mr.
Chairman, I would ask why they have rejected
the invitation tendered in these resolutions, framed
by a caucus of the Democratic Representatives of
the present Congress, and subsequently adopted
by the Democratic members of the New York
Legislature as a basis of union and consolidation ?
" Resolved, That the Democracy of New York deem this
a fit occasion to tender to their fellow-citizen* of the whole
Union their heartfelt congratulations on the triumph, in the
recent elections inteeeral of the northern, eastern, and west-
ern States, of tteprinciples of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and
to state their devotion to civil and religious liberty, which
have been so violently assailed by a secret political order
known as the Know Nothing party; and though in a mi-
nority, we ever hold it to be our highest duty to preserve
our organization, and continue our efforts in the mainte-
nance and defense of Democratic principles, and the con-
stitutional rights of every section and every class of citizens,
against their opponents of every description whatever,
whether so-called Republicans, Know Nothings, or Fusion-
istt s and to this end we look with confidence to the sup-
port and approbation of all good and true men, friends of the
Constitution and the Union."
It is also important, in thus separating the
sheep from the goats, to warn the country against
a class of avowed Free-Soilers, who have re-
cently issued a circular in behalf of what they call
the radical Democracy. Theyare, undoubtedly,
men of excellent private character and social
position, but not one of them has had anything
to do with our party for years; they are merely
Anti-Slavery Republicans; but the name they
assume is so calculated to mislead, that it becomes
my duty to expose them.
1 have thus proved, Mr. Chairman, "that the
Soft or regular Democratic party of New York,
has always occupied a national position upon the
slavery question; that whereas the Hards gave
the principle of the Kansas-Nebraska bill a tardy
and half-way acquiescence, the Softs hailed it in
advance of its assertion by CJongress, and now
make it the main plank of their platform; that
while the Hards are notoriously the allies of the
Republican and Know-Nothing parties, the Softs
are immovably opposed to both, and that,*being
vastly the superior in point of numbers, are en-
titled to be recognized hereafter, as they have
always been recognized heretofore, as the only
regular Democratic party of New York.
In conclusion,! would invite all who have ever
borne the name of Democrats, however much
they may have strayed and offered incense to the
strange gods of Republicanism or Know Noth-
ingism, to return once more to the ranks of the
only national party now in the field—the only
party that embodies the principles and policy of
Jefferson and Jackson—the party which, though
old in years, can boast of a creed which gives it
an eternal youth. Does it not now, while bat-
tling in behalf of the great principle of popular
sovereignty, and against the hideous form of
Know Nothingism, present the same features as
when, sixty years ago, under Jefferson, it op-
posed the prescriptive alien and sedition laws,
and, under Jackson, crushed to earth the United
States Bank, which threatened to subject the lib-
erties of the people to the corrupt despotism of a
hydra-headed moneyed corporation? It is this
accordance with the spontaneous instincts and
impulses of the great masses which constitutes
the vital element of our party, and which fur-
nishes a sufficient guarantee for its perpetual su-
premacy in our Government, when not foiled by
the rts of demagogues and traitors from within.
And has it not now an object worthy of its noblest
efforts in overthrowing congressional usurpations
of the right of our fellow-citizens in the Territo-
ries to govern themselves, and to establish their
own institutions? To accomplish this great work
we, the Soft Democracy of New York, invoke
the support of that popular sentiment which is
so deeply infused in the bosoms of the great
of our people; and if we are properly counte-
nanced in our efforts by our brethren in other
parts of the Union, we will guaranty that the
unsullied banner of our party shall again wave
in triumph over the Capitol of the Empire State.
! J NATIONAL'POLITICS.
!j SPEECH OF HON. L. D. EVANS,
!! OF TEXAS,
| In the House of Representatives,
I May 13, 1856.
I The House being in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union—
! Mr. EYANS said:
Mr. Chairman: It is not my wish or design on
the present occasion to attempt a discussion in
i extenso of any particular proposition now mooted
' before the National Legislature; but rather to en-
ter my earnest, yet respectful protest against the
agitation of those unnecessary and mischievous
issues which the special pleaders of party have
prepared with so much ingenuity, and which
they are endeavoring with such an excess of per-
verse zeal to force upon the attention of Congress
and the country, while interests of the highest
moment, and demanding immediate action, con-
tinue to be neglected or ignored altogether.
The time has been when this great theater of
free debate witnessed a far different spectacle.
History haa preserved the days and noted the
very hours when these walls were consecrated by
the services of immortal genius dealing with
mighty measures of universal, because of national
concern. But no one can pretend that it is so
now. Instead of profound argument, or impas-
sioned eloquence on the great principles of our
Government, and the practical policy of its admin-
istration, you hear nothing save abstract disqui-
sitions on the theorv of public or private morals;
or inquiries as to the comparative values of free
and servile labor; or worse still, fierce assaults
and unseemly recriminations J)andied about be-
tween opposing factions, as t" se stand defined
on the nation's map, by the paltry and unpatri-
otic marks of mere geographical boundaries, as if
intelligence and virtue were indigenous to given
localities.
But if you turn from this unpleasant picture to
seek relief in the wisdom of parties, what is left
of all their boasted science and art, save the cun-
ning of strategetics ? Instead of measures, or
even men, you behold maneuvers—dexterity
without strength, and vehemence without vigor
—a scheme of policy that begins and ends with
the philosophy of excitement, and whose sole
instrument is endless agitation.
It must not, however, be too hastily concluded,
either that the patriotic spirit of the country has
suffered a general decline and deterioration, or that
the race of giant intellects has become utterly
extinct. An inference so painfully humiliating
i does not necessarily follow from the facts. In-
: deed, it cannot be doubted—I will not allow my-
self to doubt, that the hearts of the people glow
. with as warm and healthy a love for the institu-
tions of their native land, as ever; while the
splendid discoveries in science, and the progress
in literature and the arts, prove incontestably
that neither the speculative nor practical faculties
of American thinkers in the present generation
have decayed in energy or diminished in effort.
But if this be so, upon what rational principles
shall we strive to account for the extraordinary
intellectual barrenness of powerful thought and
comprehensive policy which you perceive every-
where in the halls of legislation, and other de-
partments of the Government, as well as in all
the evolutions of opposing factions? Now, to
my mind, the explanation seems as obvious as it
is easy. The formal 'tactics,, the vigorous drill
and discipline of the professional politicians, or-
j ganized into a sort of unholy hierarchy in regu-
! lar subordination to despotic leaders, have, at the
j same time, cramped and fettered the free genius
of all our great statesmen, and disfranchised the
sovereign citizens of their constitutional rights.
Everything—talents, fame, honor, conscience—
has become subservient to the interests of party,
and must bow at the bidding of its chosen chiefs.
What space can be found for the spontaneous
development of exalted intellect; what opportu-
nity for the generous impulses of honest patriot-
ism, in the crushing confinement of such a tyran-
nical regime 1 Behold, also, the apex of absurd-
ity. The self-assumed high priests and oracles
of faction demand from all an unconditional
surrender, an absolute submission to the author-
ity of party, in the name of party, and for the
sake of party. But what is party, in the gen-
uine and noble acceptation of the term ? It can be
nothing more than the incarnate symbol, the
living, actual embodiment of groat national ideas-
and positive practical ends, with a view to their
realization in the operations of Government. In
other words, there can be no party without a
policy. The inference is irresistible: as ideas
anu aims constitute the soul of parties, when the
former have been either executed pr abandoned,
the latter are already dead beyond even the possi-
bility of resurrection, and should be at once dis-
solved. And such is the exact condition of all
our present political organizations, as I will show
more fully in the sequel. They are destitute of
any specific differences, other than factional attri-
butes, to distinguish them in real classification
from each other; and their very names are mere
unmeaning echoes from the mighty voices of the
past.
A brief analysis of the most prominent facts
in the history of national politics will explain
how the natural result which I have just indica-
ted has been accomplished; and may serve also as
j the guiding light for the inauguration of a future
j policy. In the first place, at the very foundation
\ of our Government, as the main pillar and cor-
| ner-stone of the structure, we discover the great
I idea of political liberty. But the particular char-
i acter, and the primary nationality of the chiefs
and fathers of the Revolution, and the specific
notions necessarily implied in their minds by the
term liberty, must never be forgotten by any who
would correctly interpret the formulas of their lan-
guage, as preserved in the undying records of those
glorious historic days. The heroes and patriots
of that age were Englishmen; all their education,
ideas ana institutions were English, and nothing
more. Every resolution of theirs in Convention
and Congress—every earnest petitioR which they
laid at the foot of the throne—all their speeches,
pamphlets, and newspapers—asserted or de-
manded English liberty, and that only. It was
the object of their combat, and the precious prize
of their conquest.
Having achieved their independence, it re-
mained for them to organize the supreme national
powers into a system of civil and political unity,
for the conservation and security of their newly
acquired freedom; and in the performance of this
wonderful work—wonderful almost as the crea-
tion of a world—every student of history knows
how largely they borrowed from the model of the
English constitution; for their ideal still went no
farther than the perfection of English liberty.
Some theorists, it is true, vainly suppose, or,
at least, talk as if they imagined, that the men of
the Revolution framed this Government, not for
their own happiness and the hopes of their chil-
dren, butto realize theairy dream of universal phi-
lanthropy, or the no less idle and impossible
abstraction of universal equality; and thfese soph-
ists have endeavored to base their absurd hypoth-
esis on the great charter of our national freedom,
by wresting a few isolated phrases from all har-
mony of interpretation, both with the subject-
matter and the context. It must be evident,
however, to all impartial persons, who are even
competent to think on such topics, that the lib-
erty and equality predicated in that sacred instru-
ment must have related exclusively to the sover-
eign citizens of the United States—to the people
of the race that alone were parties to the compact,
and to no others. Those sages and philosophers
did not meet in solemn deliberation to prepare a
constitution for Africa or India; but in their own
express language, for " themselves and their pos-
terity." Consider the occasion; and can it be
assumed, without the tacit perpetration of a libel
I against their wisdom, that minds at once so pro-
foundly philosophical and eminently practical,
i would so far depart from the immediate and
proper business before them, as to diverge and
travel off into the far fields of psychology or com-
parative physiology, to affirm the natural equality
of all the Hottentots in the deserts of the burning
zone, of all the root-digging savages in the dells
of the Rocky Mountains, of every barbarous
being that wears the human shape, with them-
