608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6.
of the "Whole House, to give information to the
two hundred and thirty odd members here of the
principles involved in them. Sir, if we arc to
take the reports of this court as conclusive, what
necessity is there for referring them at all to the
Committee of the Whole House ? Why not pass
the bills at once ? Sir, is the report of that court,
I ask, of higher authority than the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury? Yet when the Sec-
retary ot the Treasury reports estimates for ap-
propriations, for instance, to pay# members of
Congress eight dollars per day for a certain session
of Congress, or to pay the President of the United
States his compensation of $25,000 a year, or to
pay the salaries provided by law for the judges
of the United States courts, or of any other
officers of the Government, all of which are
definite appropriations required by law to be
made, those estimates are referred to one of the
standing committees of the House; they are then
reported again to the House, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole House, where they
come up for investigation.
Sir, I ask the gentleman from New York
whether the reports from this court are of higher
authority ? I do not know how many cases are
embraced in this report and in this bill which
they have reported; but suppose the bill is re-
ferred now to a Committee of the Whole House,
who is there upon this floor among the members
here that will take up the report and evidence in
each one of the cases, and investigate them and
be prepared to give the House the information
they may want in relation to them when they
come to act upon the bill? Is it to be supposed
that all the members, or a majority of them, will
doit? I think those who have had experience
here will bear me witness that this has not been
the case heretofore.
Well, sir, when the bill came up for consider-
ation, I might object to the payment of one of
these claims which the court had decided should
be paid; the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Haven] might object to the payment of another,
and another gentleman to another; we might think
the court had been in error, and we might not be
willing to abide by their report.
Then, sir, why not refer those bills to one of
the committees of the House which have hereto-
fore investigated such cases—for instance, the
Committee of Claims. We cannot injure a claim
by allowing it to go to one of the standing com-
mittees of the House. Let it go there, and let
them say whether in their opinion or not the
judgment of the court is right in recommending
its payment. I think it would be the part of
prudence to take that coursc; but, if the House
think otherwise, I shall not throw any obstacle
in the way of their action.
Mr. ORR. 1 concur with the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Haven] in the opinion that the
reports of the Court of (Jlaims should be referred
directly to aCommittee of the Whole House. The
objections taken by the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Jones] I do not think are well founded.
If it be true, in point of fact, that the report of
this court should undergo the sujDervision of the
standing committees of the House, the whole
object of the creation of the Court of Claims will
have been defeated.
What will be the parliamentary situation of
those claims if the motion of the gentleman from
New York prevails, and the bill is referred to a
Committee of the Whole House? The bill is
made up of different sections, each appropria-
tion for each particular claim constituting a sep-
arate and independent section. It goes to a
Committee of the Whole House, where, under
the rules of the House, private bills are to be
considered every Friday and Saturday. The
report and judgment of the Court of Claims, ac-
companied with the testimony, is printed and
laid upon your tables. Every member will, there-
fore, have the very same opportunity of examining
the merits of the case for himself as he would
have if reported by a committee of the House.
They will have even further opportunities of in-
vestigation, because the evidence taken is not ex
parte, and has been taken with more care than
the standing committees of the House could
ordinarily give any subject-matter confided to
them.
There is another reason which renders it utterly
impracticable to send these claims to any one of
the standing committees of the House. I do not
know the number of cases embraced in the bill,
but suppose there are three or four; one of them
would go properly to the Committee of Claims;
but another embraces a subject relating to naval
affairs; another relates to a subject which can only
be appropriately considered by the Committee of
Ways and Means; and how are you going to
parcel out the bill so that the various claims em-
braced in it shall each be considered by the proper
committee ?
The true rule, in my judgment, is to consider
the report of this court precisely as you would
the report of one of the standing committees of
the House, and act upon it in the same way. The
true mode of proceeding is to refer the bills, with
the reports coming from the court, to a Com-
mittee of the Whole .House, and to order the
judgments, with the reports and testimony, to be
prated. Then, when the House goes into Com-
mittee of the Whole on Friday and Saturday,
under the rules which we have prescribed for our
proceeding in committee, let the bill be considered
section by section, and if gentlemen are not pre-
pared to act understanding^, it will be their own
fault. The report will be there, and the evidence
will be there. What additional information can
gentlemen desire to form an intelligent judgment
upon every case reported, and upon wliich they
will be called upon to pass?
Then, sir, there arc other cases which the
court report back with a recommendation that
they be rejected. These cases, too, with the
evidence accompanying, will go to a Committee
of the Whole House, and take their place upon
the Private Calendar; and if the decision of the
court is found to be erroneous, the House will
have an opportunity of correcting it.
Now, sir, the whole object in view in estab-
lishing the Court of Claims was to avoid the ne-
cessity of considering all these different cases by
the committees of the House, when they were
almost universally reliant upon ex parte testimony
in framing their opinions. It devolved upon
them very great labor, and, in most instances,
they have not examined cases as thoroughly as
this court does. The House has it now in its
power just as effectually to protect itself against
the decision or judgment of the court, as it would
have after having referred the matter to one of
its own committees. The bill will be fully under
their control in Committee of the Whole. They
can amend it in any way they may choose, by
striking out any of its sections, or by altering
them in any way.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in addition to the judgment
of the court which will be before the Committee
of the Whole, they will have before them the
facts upon which that judgment was founded,
for their examination. It seems to me that there
can be no reasonable difficulties in the way of this
course of proceeding. If sent to standing com-
mittees;it will lead to delayin getting these cases
upon the Private Calendar, and the injustice done
honest claimants, whose claims have been pro-
nounced just, will not have been ameliorated in
the slightest degree by the establishment of the
Court of Claims. I hope, therefore, the motion
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven]
will prevail, that the bill will he referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and that the
bill and report will be ordered to be printed.
Mr. MILLSON. I agree with the gentleman
from South Carolina in the opinion that, as this
is the first report from the Court of Claims, it is
a matter of very great importance that we should
adopt a correct, rule of proceeding at this time;
and that is perhaps the only point the gentleman
has stated m which it has been my fortune to
agree with him. It strikes me that, if the coursc
suggested by the gentleman from South Carolina
be adopted by the House, it will have the effect
of utterly defeating the object of Congress in
establishing the Court of Claims. I know that
it will defeat the object I myself had in view as
one of the members who voted for that bill.
Sir, it never was the intention of Congress to
throw open the public Treasury to anybody but
the representatives of the people. It never was
the intention of Congress to allow money to be
appropriated from the Treasury of the United
States, except upon the deliberate judgment of
Congress, after mature examination of the claim
preferred against them. I do not think it was
the object of Congress, in creating that court, to
facilitate the passage of private claims. I rather
think Congress supposed that some of these
claims were unjustly and improperly allowed,
and passed without due examination or discus-
sion, and frequently under a suspension of the
rules and the operation of the previous question.
It was, then, to create a tribunal which should
carefully collect testimony that the law was
passed. It provided that the reports of this Court
of Claims should be submitted to Congress, and
it was the obvious intention that they should be
examined by the various committees, as petitions
and claims wt-rc before. Why, sir, there would
have been a manifest impropriety in the estab-
lishment of a Court of Claims if that had not
been the intention of Congress. We have in the
House of Representatives some twenty or thirty
standing committees, each of which is supposed
to be peculiarly fitted to determine the claims re-
lating to the subjects which they have in charge.
Thus the Committee on Naval Affairs are re-
quired to be familiar with the naval laws. The
Committee on Military Affairs arc required to be
familiar with the laws governing the Army. So
with the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads; they have the examination of claims
arising under contracts with the Post Office De-
partment. So with the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims; the members of which are to
inform themselves of the old continental statutes
and the resolutions and promises of the old Con-
federacy. So with the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions. Now, sir, no three men can
be familiar with all these subjects; and it would
have been a very unwise thing to substitute the
examination of three men, whatever may be their
ability and integrity, for the deliberate judgment
of the thirty different Committees of Congress
on the subjects relating to the particular duties
which they are appointed to discharge.
It seems to me the proper course to be pursued
—and we ought to be cautious, as we are now
establishing a precedent for the future govern-
ment of the House—is, on the reception of reports
from the Committee pn Claims, to refer each case
to the committee having charge of the particu-
lar subjects passed on by the Court of Claims.
It was intended that that court should examine
the evidence carefully. It was intended that it
should allow evidence to be taken on both sides
—on that of the Government as well as on the
part of the claimant. It was intended that the
Government, by its regular officer, should have
an opportunity of cross-examining witnesses.
All these were benefits contemplated by the pass-
age of the law; and they were almost the only
benefits. Itwas supposed thataftcr thecvidence
was thus prepared, and the opinions of the Court
of Claims communicated to us, the case would
then be commenced de novo in this House, and
passed on like all other claims by the various
committees.
Mr. ORR. I will put a question to the gentle-
man from Virginia. The bill directs the Court
of Claims to prepare bills in cases which have
their favorable reports. What does the gentle-
man propose to do in these cases? In cases of
less than §1,000 they may put one or more of
them—the number is not limited—into one bill.
Plow would the gentleman dispose of such bills ?
Mr. MILLSON. I would dispose of a bill that
comes from that court just as I would dispose of
a bill introduced by an individual member, sug-
gesting legislation; it would be referred to the
committee to which its consideration appropri-
ately belongs.
jVJ r. ORR. According to the argument which
the gentleman has been just making, a half dozen
subjects belonging legitimately to different com-
mittees may be incorporated, and doubtless will
be incorporated, in the same bill. How would the
gentleman move in such a case ?
Mr. MILLSON. I have not the least hesita-
tion or difficulty m answering the gentleman's
inquiry. Does the gentleman suppose that a di-
vision can not be had on such bills when they
, are in the House, and a separate vote had on each
I of the claims embraced? Certainly such a course
! can be pursued, and it was the intention of Con-
gress that it should be so. And where is the
difficulty in submitting a bill embracing diversi-
fied claims to the different committees having
charge of them? There is none whatever.
