2208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 10.
vou -will not have ten that are invalid and worth-
less. Improper and invalid claims are always
presented with those that are valid. There is no
officer of the Government who has asked for any-
other rule of evidence to be laid down, or any
additional legislation. The letter which has been
read does not propose any such thing—not a word
of it. He does not say that any legislation is
necessary to enable him to go on and adjudicate
these claims on the principles which Congress
laid down when they appropriated the money;
but the secret is so obvious, that it cannot be
overlooked.. Here is.a batch of claims utterly
worthless that ought never to be paid; and hence
this language is thrown in, that he is to examine
and allow them on the principles of equity and
justice. Congress is asked to transfer to the
Third Auditor of the Treasury the sole power to
examine these old claims, (which he says in his
letter are so stale that there cannot be much valid-
ity left in them,) and by the importunity of A,
B, and C, on principles of equity and justice to
exhaust the balance, of this fund. Over $40,000
have been paid, and they want the balance of the
$75,000 heretofore appropriated.
It ought to be objection enough to this section
that the bill before us is entitled, te a bill making
additional appropriations for the support of the
Army;" and yet, here is thrown into it a section
to reexamine, resettle, and adjudicate, upon what
an individual thinks the principles of equity and
justice, Indian claims in Florida. It does seem
to me to be the baldest measure I ever heard pre-
sented; and 1 hope the Senate, without further
delay, will strike it out.
Mr. YtTLEE. t hope the Senate will not strike
it out. The Senator iy mistaken. There is no
Indian claim here. The section is entirely con-
fined to accounts for subsistence, forage, and
transportation, relating to the military service of
troops in the pay of the United States, serving
during a war; and it becomes necessary, not by
reason of there being any injustice in the claims,
but because of technical rules which obstruct jus-
tice. There is a case of this sort: for instance,
where volunteer officers, who are not acquainted
with the regulations of the Aimy, did not make
out their certificates according to the forms of
law, and therefore, according to the rules of the
Department, they could not be. allowed. The
proposition is, that the accounting officers may
be allowed to look inio the cases on their merits;
and, on due proof that the set vice was actually
performed for the benefit of the United Suites,
and under circumstances authorized bylaw, to
pay for it. That is the whole amount oi* tin1 sec-
tion. ft presinibus no new rule, but precisely the
rule that has been applied to nil other appropria-
tions of ;i similar character for services m Mexico
and ei^ewhete. It relates simply to military ac-
counts, and its only purpose is lo remove ob.xti ac-
tions created by technical rules, of which nuhtia
officers were ignorant, and therefore not able to
comply with them. This section came from the
office of the Third Auditor of the Treasury. I
shall say no moie, but hope the vote will be
taken.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, the troops
in Florida Were called out by State authority, and
paid by State authority, and the debt was assumed
by the United States. The Senator from Michi-
gan dwells on the words u equity and justice," as
if they were new terms, containing within them-
selves som< hidden- and extraordinary meaning
not known to the Senate. Why, sir, scarcely a
month passes over us here that we do not intro-
duce thes< identical words into bills to meet eases
where the technical rules of evidt nee of the
Department cannot be complied with. A3 my
colleague has justly stated, these services were
rendered by officers of the volunteer service who
are notfamihar with the rules of evidence govern-
ing the Department, and therefore did not render I
their accounts in such a way as to be passed by j
the Treasury accountants. * :
The Senator from Michigan makes a gratuitous j
and most unfounded assertion when he says these !
are stale and groundless claims, without any !
foundation, I beg to say he knows nothing of 1
tne subject. The claims are perfectly just. When i
tne sum of §75,000 was? appropriated by Con-
gress. it was on a basis furnished at the time of
facts then m existence before the War Depart-
ment, and that sum was supposed to be sufficient
to cover the whole demand. When, however,
those who were to be the recipients of this fund
came to make out their accounts, they could not
produce the proper vouchers. Is there anything
extraordinary in our authorizing our accountants
to look into the claims on their merits? Is there
anything in this clause which will authorize the
paymentof one dollar that is not justly due? You
cannot say so unless you presume our account-
ants to be faithless. These are accounts for trans-
portation and forage actually furnished, and they
are accounts which have been rendered some time
since, and are now pending, and cannot be paid
only because the rules of evidence required by
the Department do not admit-them.
In appropriating money for the payment of
State troops, and the redemption of State debts
incurred by paying troops, Congress assumes as
nearly as possible to meet the contingency; but
Congress never presupposes that any invariable
rule can be laid down to meet every contingency
of evidence that may arise. But when Congress
is advised that outstanding claims which, on
their investigation, prove to be meritorious, can-
not be paid, because the rules of the Department
stand in their way, is there any injustice in pro-
viding some amelioration of the technical rules?
This is all that is asked here.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think it will be ex-
ceedingly impolitic to adopt this provision of the
bill. The Committee on Finance recommend that
it should be stricken out; and I hope that will be
done. It is an invitation—a standing, regular,
and perpetual invitation—to those persons in-
cluded within the descriptions named, to come
forward, time after time, and, when there is a
defect ot the testimony, to resort to memory.
We know that memory fails after the lapse of
time; and the gentlemen, in this case, allow am-
ple opportunity for that failure of memory. It is
twenty years since these accounts were made out.
It seems to me that we have had, of the Florida
claim, more settlements than I could enumerate
in the tune which I shall occupy with a few re-
marks.
Suppose we should make this principle gen-
eral: how would it be ? This section embraces
all persons m Florida having claims. Let us do
equal justice to the whole people of the United
States, and make it apply perpetually to all the
claims which they can make out. If, at the first
attempt, they fail,let them, twenty or thirty years
a Iter wards, or whenever t hey can eke out any evi-
dence of any claim against the United States, with-
out further appeal to Congress, go before, an ac-
counting officer, and, according to his measure of
equity and justice, let him settle it, and let it bo
paid,without furtherauthoiity, from the Treasury
of the United .States ! Why, sir, it is a standing in-
vitation to ;>l!ow every one who can make a chum,
by testimony made up at one time and another,
after the memory of the transaction has passed
away to a great extent, and we are in ignorance of
the circumstances, to come fin waid, and, relying
011 the failuie of human memory, the visions of
old, and the dreams of young men, if he can get
any sort of evidence, have his claim paid at once,
without further trouble. On such a system, you
will soon have no treasury. I hope the ainend-
j ment of the committee will prevail, and this sec-
! turn be sts icken out. If there is anything justly
; due, let the claims be brought forward a;* other
i claims are, and acted 011 by this body, and let us
j not pass a .ireneral law of this sort,
| The TR KSU3ING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
1 the chair.) The first question is on the amend-
; ment of the Senator from Florida to the section
| pioposed to he stricken out.
; The amendment was rejected.
| The motion of the Finance Committee to strike
I out the section was agreed to.
! ^ The next amendment of the Committee 011
Finance was to strike out section eight, in the .
following words: j
8. And he it turCtcr cuactcd, That there shall be !
add< <J to i Ue * department of the Army, live :
uuhtaij sioiekeepei-?. wun shall give the bond and b«curity '
k quired by the l.iw; and iiom and after the pas- '
>.1^0 or tin> net the compensation of mihtaiy btorekeepers 1
o^ouhianee ^iiali be as follows : \
To^each military sioickeeper of not more than five J
years'" continuous mihiary ^eiviee, ^25 per annum, with i
the quauert <md fuel allowed a lieutenant;
To each military storekeeper of more than five years5 !
and not more than ten years' continuous military service, !
$950 per annum, with the quarters and fuel allowed to a
lieutenant;
To each military storekeeper of more than ten years'
and not more than twenty years5 continuous militaiy ser-
vice, $1,150 per annum, with the quartets and tuel allowed
a captain;
To each military storekeeper of more than twenty
years' continuous military service, .$1,500 per annum, with
the fuel and quarters allowed a major;
To each military storekeeper doing duty as paymaster
at an armory or arsenal of construction, $425 per annum,
in addition to the compensation above piovided: Provided
That the fuel and quarters herein authorized shall be fur-
nished 111 kind, and no commutation shall be allowed there-
for.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to amend the section
before the question is taken on striking it out. I
propose to amend it by striking out all in regard to
the compensation of storekeepers, except the last
clause, and inserting:
Each military storekeeper whose compensation is now
,$8:25, shall hereafter receive .$1,250 per annum, and those
who now receive $1,250, shall hereafter receive $1,500 per
! annum.
The provision inserted originally in the bill,
which is now proposed to be stricken out by the
Committee on Finance, is recommended by the
Secretary of War: but, in my judgment, it is too
complicated. I prefer making a direct increase of
the salary of these officers, without any provis-
ion for assimilated rank or fuel and quarters.
The necessity for an increase of the number of
military storekeepers has been frequently urged
by the Secretary of War. In his last annual
report, he says:
u I concur with the Quartermaster General 111 recom-
mending the addition ot five military storekeeper* to his
depaitiuent. At piesent, there is lnu a ?ni<j!a depot of cloth-
ing and camp and gut u>on equipage; and iho supplies
loi the whole Aimv'have to be dispatched theiefi 0111 to each
company, the di^ti ibution can onljf be made at lon<; inter-
vals, and consequently 111 huge quantities, so that the com-
panies aie emb.niasicd m their movements., and the cvpen^e
of transportation i-j increased by the large amount of stores
which they have to take with them. With five depots,
propeiiy located, the di-tnbiuion could be made more fre-
quently, and in sn?all quantities; the tioop, would thus be
le.vs mcumbeied With ba^aee, and the expense of their
movements would be diminished.">
I have no doubt, from the representations of
the Secretary of War, that the public service
would be very much advanced by increasing the
number of military storekeepers. In fact, I regard
it as indispensable to the military service that
they should be increased. It was for this reason
that the proposition was inserted originally in
the bill. I do not know whether the attention of
the Finance Committee was called to the report
of the Secretary of War in this particular. Iam
very sure, if they had looked into his report, and
examined the question, they would have been
satisfied of the necessity of an increase, and would
i not have recommended the striking out of this
j section.
; Mr. PEARCE. Uis possible that the Finance
| Committee, if they had had an opportunity of
i examining this provision, might have come to a
• dilierent conclusion; but the bill was only brought
I to 11 a yesterday; no papers accompanied it; there
was no reference made to the report of the Secre-
tary of War. We found that it seemed to pro-
vide considerable alterations in the present regu-
lations oi the Army in tin,* respect, some of which
. we were sure were not right in principle. We
thought, therefore, thatat this stage of the session
it would be quite proper to pass over such mat-
, t>Ts, and leave thom to the next session, when
: they can be considered deliberately, and with a
■ full knowledge of the circumstances.
' Mr. WELLER. This subject has been very
urgently pressed upon Congress by the Quarter-
master Geneial who has charge of this matter,
and has very great experience m his department.
Probably no man in the country knows better
what the military service requires than General
Jesup. I hope the Senate will not agree to the
report of the Finance Committee, but will retain
tins section in the bill,as indispensably necessary
to the military service of the country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia to the section proposed to be stricken out.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WELLER. I understand the Senate have
decided against the amendment which I proposed.
I must now ask the Senate to take a sepaiate vote
on that part of the section which refers to the
increase of the salaries of storekeepers. I am
very sure that, if the Senate knew the responsi-
