1.856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1335
training horses recently purchased for military evolutions.
It would, m my opinion, be unsafe to do so, separated from
passing trams bv nothing hut a wire fence which would not
prevent uniuly animals from rushing on the track.
The third condition is objected to because the command-
ing offieei's quarters are in atemporary wooden building,
erected twenty years since, and scarcely worth the co*t of
taking down." Whatever may be the value of the build-
in*. theie can be no propriety in subjecting the Government
to°tlie cost of its removal, or of erecting a new one. The
company for whose sole benefit it is to be removed, cer-
tainly should bear the cost, whether small or great.
The sixth condition is that which weighs heaviest upon
the company, and no doubt wili subject them to great in-
convenience in woiking the road. To dispense with it,
however, would, m my opinion, involve the abandonment
ot the magazine and the construction of another, as well
as the purchase of a site in some other locality. The mag-
azine in question was recently built, at a cost of more than
twenty thousand dollars, and is intended fot a depot whence
powder will be shipped from time to tune, to all paits of
the coast accessible by wateriransportation. Tt appears to
me that no aigument is needed to show the danger of stow-
ing large quantities of powder, witiun two hundred and
twenty yards of aioad on which engines arc constantly
passing, and to haul powder to and from this store, across
their fiery track. Whatever may be urged to the contrary,
the danger of sparks fiom such engines leachtng the maga-
zine, or of lire being communicated thereto by powder
spilled from casks hauled across the track, is such, that I
do not believe that the magazine s-hall evei be used alter
the engines once commenced lunning. Moicovcr, as an
explosion would inevitably involve the destiuction of the
passing tram, the danger to passengers would be such that,
even if the Department should be disposed to use (he maga-
zine, public sentiment would lequire its lemoval.
The location of the road between the post and the river,
whence all suppliesof water arc obtained, will, if locomo-
tive engines are to be u„~cd, be destructive of the object to
which the post is now applied, as the frequent crossing of
large numbers of men with horses to watci, cannot, under
such cneimivuuice-, fail to be attended with senous incon-
venience and danyer.
In the letter fiom the piesident of the company, T was
informed that the engmeei was making an examination
with a view to find a line which would avoid the magazine
and ban arks; and the Department olTeied, in that event, |
to dispense with the condition leqiunng the u>e of horse- J
powei through the arsenal grounds. j
Jn conclusion, I have to expiess the opinion, that if the
petition of the memorialists be granted, the Government
will be deprived of the use of the post as a school of cavah y
practice, and the removal of the magazine will become
necessaiy.
Very ic&pectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF'N DAVIS,
Secretary of War.
Hon. James Shields,
Otaiimnn Committee Military Jljfairs, Senate.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have felt it due to the
Secretary of War to make known to Senators his
views in reference to this matter, which is under
his (immediate control. You have now, accord-
ing to his judgment, to determine whether that
post is to fte abandoned by giving this railroad
these privileges, or whether the company is? to be
required to construct the wall which the Secretary
desires. If that is to be the permanent depot for
public stores, if it is to be the great point in the
valley of the Mississippi for military supplies, as
seems to be contemplated by the Secretary of
War, it is a grave question for the consideration
of this body whether they will not insist on the
requirements imposed by the Secretary, and de-
mand the construction of that stone wall.
I am among the last who would do anything to
retard works of internal improvement. I admire
the zeal and energy with which they are pressed
and carried on, especially by those who seem to
have charge of this road; but if you look at the
map, and examine the geography of that region,
I think you will ascertain that, by granting the
privileges asked for by'this company, you will
destroy that great post, which is the principal
depot m tiie Mississippi valley for munitions of
war and military supplies; and if you destroy it
you will find it exceedingly difficult to obtain any
location above or below it 011 that great river
where you can erect ail institution of that kind.
1 am not disposed to trouble the Senate with any
additional remarks 011 this question; but I have
deemed it due to myself, occupying_the position
which 1 do us a member of the Military Com-
nnuee, and due to this high functionary, who, I
believe has faithfully discharged a conscientious
duty, to present his letter. It is for the Senate
now to determine what disposition they will make
of this question.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. This is not a new
question, Mr. President. It has been before the
Senate 111 .some fonn or other for three years or
more, and the Senate at no time has had any dil-
ficulty whatever in granting the right.of way
through the grounds, as proposed in this bill, with
a single exception. Three years ago, on the 14th
of February, 1853, Congress passed an actgrant-
ing the right of way to this company, with a pro-
viso in the following words:
" Provided, That the location of the paid road, through tile
lands aforesaid, hhali be made subject to the approval of
the Secretary of War: Provided further, That said locution
can be made without mpiry to "the public interest, 111 tile
opinion of the said Secretaiy of War."
Such was the law passed three years ago. The
Secretary of War, in the communication which
has just been read, points out the objections which
he lias to it. He imposed certain conditions,
which he submitted to the president of this rail-
road company. The president accepted those
conditions, objecting, however, to three of them;
but he was willing to take them if he could get
nothing else. INow the company ask to be re-
lieved from these objectionable conditions, and 1
maintain that every single objection which is
made by the Secretary of War is substantially
obviated by the bill upon the table.
What are the objections? There are but two
that remain. The first is, as to the building of a
stone wall. The Secretary of War maintains
that it is right and proper that the company
should build a stone wall. The company ask
Congress to allow them to build a plank fence
instead of a stonewall; provided, however, that
if, in the opinion of the President of the United
States, the plank fence shall not be deemed suf-
ficient, they shall make a stone wall. It seems
to me that that obviates clearly the objection
which the Secretary of War has raised on this
point.
What other objection remains ? There is but
one other, and that is the danger attendant upon
the use of locomotives passing through the ground.
It is feared that they may communicate sparks
of lire to the magazine. How do the company
propose to obviate that? In as fair, just, equi-
table, and safe a mode as can be devised by the
ingenuity of the Secretary of War. They pro-
pose that, upon twenty-four hours' notice that it
is the intention of the superintendent of the aise-
nal either to receive or ship powder, they will not
use locemotives at all, but will use horse power.
Now, in the name of common sense, if twenty-
four hours' notice is not sufficient to protect them
from sparks when there is no locomotive running,
I should like to know what protection would be
wanted. There is the whole controversy—
whether the company shall be permitted to use a
locomotive when the Government is not receiving
or shipping powder at the arsenal, or whether
they shall "be compelled to use horse-power all
the time.
1 submit to you, sir, and to every Senator here,
if a great improvement like this—it is not a local
improvement; it is one in which all the south-
western States and all the northeastern States are
interested—is to be sacrificed upon the whim and
caprice of any man, I care not how great, and
how distinguished he may be. I have as much
respect for the Secretary of War as my friend
from Alabama; but I do not believe in his infal-
libility. I concede to him infinitely more knowl-
edge of military affairs than I arrogate to myself;
but I think that I know just as much about the
distance to which a spark can fly irom a locomo-
tive as the Secretary of War; and that is the
whole question. The simple question is whether
there is danger of sparks from the locomotive
communicating lire to the arsenal. How tar is
the arsenal from the railroad track ? Six hundred
and fifty-two feet. Is there any man of sense
upon this floor who believes that a spark from a
locomotive would, in all human probability or
possibility, ever communicate itself at a distance
of six hundred and fifty-two feet, and that, too,
when the magazine is at an elevation of ninety
feet above the railroad track? The idea to me is
ridiculous. I say it with all proper respect.
But in addition to that, Mr. President, when
this arsenal was located, it was located within
four hundred and twenty feet, I believe, of the
boundary of the tract where the city extends and
is now built, and where there are lime-kilns and
other combustible material. The papers 011 record
show that when the citizens of St. Louis remon-
strated against that location in consequence ot
the supposed danger, the officers made a report
saying that there was 110 danger at all. There
was 110 danger from works four hundred feet oil,
but it is said now there is danger from a railroad
six hundred and fifty-two feet off. If there was
no danger at a distance of four hundred and twenty-
feet from a lime-kiln, is there any danger from a
locomotive at a distance of six hundred and fifty-
two feet? So confident are the company that
there is 110 danger, that they bind themselves to
make good all damages which may result from
it, in every shape or form, either in the killing of
persons who may come on the tiack, or destroying
property of any (lescription belonging to the Gov-
ernment. By this biii they arc bound to make
good the loss to the Government.
Besides, does not everybody know that the
magazine is fireproof? Does not everybody
know that it is sunk down to the very level of
the ground? Nothing of it remains except a
small aperture and the roof, which is covered
with metal. You might put fire upon it, and, in
my judgment, it would not burn; though I grant
1 should not like to try the experiment myself.
This whole matter is very simple. Power was
given to the Secretary of War by the act of 1853.
He is like all the rest of us; where you give him
power he isdisposedtoexerciseit: nobody doubts
that. I think sometimes he exer^Pes it wisely,
and sometimes I differ with him in judgment. In
the exercise of the authority conferred by the act
of 1853, he prescribed these conditions. The
company have complied with the conditions as
nearly as they can, and in my judgment as nearly
as ought to have been required of them. But the
Secretary of War, maintaining his consistency,
insists that you shall not grant the right of way
through these public grounds to a great improve-
ment,in which many of the States are interested.
I think lie is standing on the ground of consist-
ency, or pride of opinion. When you wish to
construct a railroad tluough my part of the coun-
try, you do not ask me where it shall go. You
run it where you please, and pay the damage.
Here are public grounds belonging to the Gov-
ernment. They say you shall not go through
them; but yet you may go through the grounds
of every citizen of the United States. 1 do not
see that the Government ought to occupy any
higher position, or enjoy any immunities, which
its citizens do not enjoy.
But there is another reason in support of this
application. The railroad cannot be built in any
other direction. I understand from the president
of the company, who is here, that they have
labored and toiled assiduously, time after time,
to find a route which will not pass through these
grounds; but lie tells me, that any other route
will involve a large additional expense, nearly
one third increase of distance, immense excava-
tions, and a grade of eighty-two feet to the mile.
All this is to be done, in orderthatthe prejudices
01- the opinions of the Secretary of War may pre-
vail over the country!
• I think there is an undue amount of interest
felt by the Department on this subject. I speak
it with all proper respect. This question has
been here for three years. This bill passed the
House of Representatives early in the present
month. It came to us, and was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs of the Senate. It
was taken up by that committee, four of its mem-
bers being present; was examined, discussed, and
argued at some length. The result was, that
three of the four members recommended the pas-
sage of the bill. We reported it on the 12th day
of"May. A communication came to us, remon-
strating and protesting against it, from the head
of the ordnance department, after it had been
examined by the committee, and when it was
before the Senate for its action. That looks to
me like pursuing the thing a little further than is
exactly compatible with the dignity due to the
senatorial branch of the Government. The com-
munication is dated on the 15th; the bill was
reported to the Senate 011 the 12th; and this only
proves to my nund that there is rather more
feeling about the matter than I think it is entitled
to receive at the hands of the Department.
The plain, simple questions for our consider-
ation are, is this a work that ought to bo con-
I structed; is it of great public utility; and do you
endanger the public interests of the United States
: by granting the right of way for it > Gentlemen
' who believe that it will endanger the. public m-
I terests ought to vote against the hill; but how
I can a man arrive at the conclusion that there is
,| any danger fiom running a locomotive through
