600
AV^titfthX TO Tilt CoAbrRfesiOfTAL Gl/)ffE.
[M&y 13,
34th Cong.,.. 1st Sess*
National Politics—i^lr. Evans.
Ho. op Reps.
money. Then, all the orators and organs of;
party come forward as suitors; or as witnesses, ;
to reecho the clamorous cries of their leaders, and ;
the career of excitement is fairly inaugurated.
In the mean time, all other questions, however
important or pressing, must remain in abeyance;
or, as the old lawyers would say, nubibus,
while the prosecution continues pending .for the
golden keys of patronage and power- Even to
name any other subject a? worthy of attention
"will be not only deemed rank treason against tne j
sovereign majesty of party, hut also unpurgea
contempt against the high court of caucus. x he
spectacle is painful as well as revolting in the
extreme; to behold every principle of improve-
ment—every plan of progress, trampled wildly
and wickedly in the dust, until it shall receive
the label and indorsement of some authoritative
convention; to see statesmen of eminent talents,
both in and out of Congress, employing all their
splendid faculties in the barbarous enterprise of
crushing to the earth every new movement not
originated by themselves; to see all our political j
journalists dipping their pens in gall and poison i
to blacken the fame and blight the influence of i
every dissenter from the faith of faction, whose
cup of communion is the conspiracy of the cau-
cus; to know that the administrator of a great
Government—a successor of the three immortals,
Washington, Jefferson, and Jackson—habitually
brings to bear the full weight of three hundred
millions of gold, to overwhelm and bury, us be-
neath a metallic mountain, every high and holy
aspiration of the popular heart intensely yearn-
ing for the ideal of social perfection, the very
instant when it assumes an organized shape, or
becomes capable of political recognition. The
sight is still more sorrowful, unspeakably more
humiliating, to witness a President of the Union—
a chief, not of sections, .but of the nation—with
his army of officials, and even the ministers of
his Cabinet, entering warmly into the canvass
of a local election, and levying the most odious
species of black mail, in thp form of contributions
from all his subordinates, to exterminate the free-
dom of opinion in a sovereign S^te, as the means
of sustaining his party, and to perpetuate his
power for the next succession, It is equally de-
grading to see the first Magistrate of the greatest
Government on the globe condescending to be-
come a spy on the free movements of innocent
citizens—a common informer against them in the
courts of despotism—infringing their constitu-
tional as well as natural rights of voluntary emi-
gration—even the physical right of unrestrained
locomotion—arresting their steps by mendacious
prosecutions, on the ridiculous prtext that they
were going to make war on Nicaragua, when it
was notorious, to all the world that they would
go as friends, and at the special instance and re-
quest of the only political power in Nicaragua.
- But all this effrontery, folly, and political crime,
are the natural fruits of that one poisonous tree,
the deadly Upas of the caucus and convention;
and, therefore, do I protest against it. I protest
against the system as a whole and in all its parts;
against its causes and its consequents, as being
alike death to the hopes of genius, and destruc-
tion to the rights of every free citizen. In the
.names of the grea,t ones paw no more, whom it
crucified while living; in behalf of the illustrious
men who tremble" before its power to-day on the
verge of political exile; in favor of the future
benefactors of the country that it will -surely os-
tracise; for the sake of all morality, liberty, and
law; by the sacred Democratic idea of the sov-
ereign and supreme equality of all American, citi-
zens ; by the franchises of tne millions usurped in
the hands of the few; by the activities of com-
merce, the interests of science, the claims of re-
ligion, the demands of progress, the spirit of the
age; by the Constitution and the national inde-
pendence, and by all the bountiful blood and
beautiful lives with which they were bought; and
by the voice of the blood of our brothers crying
from the ground of Panama and Nicaragua-.-!
-protest against and . defy the aristocracy of the
new line of despots—the cruel kings of the caucus
and convention. ....
.. . But the practical question is embarrassed with
extreme difficulties, when ons ;w?uld inquire as
to the remedy for such monstrous eviis. The
obvious answer is to abandon the system alto-
gether. This, however, the professional politi-
cians will never consent to do of their own free
accord, as it would be a surrender of the powers
and dignities which they have usurped. .And,
therefore, for some indefinite period of time, the
oppressive machinery of parties will probably
continue to work on in the,same old,way,grow-
ing ever .more and more tyrannical and mischiev-
ous, so as at last to become unendurable, when
the aroused majesty, of the people will break
forth in their might, and shiver the whole abhor-
red structure, as with thq fall of a thunderbolt.
If Providence, in mercy, should ever again grant
us another, truly great man, one of the giant race,
like Thomas Jefferson or General Jackson, he
would grind this infamous sham of loafer .olig-
archy into powderj and all the brood of political
vipers that nestle in its bosom, with one single
Crush of his iron boot-heel. And,hence the uni-
versal cry from one end of the country to the
other-, "We want another General Jackson!"
The scheme of conventions can urge only,the
solitary argument in justification of its assump-
tions, that such a rigorous regime is necessary to
give concentrated strength ana unity to the oper-
ations of parties; but, as I have previously indi-
cated, there are really no parties now existing in ;
the true sense of the term, All the principal issues
have begn for ever adjudicated in accordance with !
the original Democratic idea as expounded by !
Jefferson. We hear not a whispered syllable j
any more of high tariffs, free trade, or national
banks. No such timbers can be found in recent
platforms. The only ostensible party organiza-
tion that can offer any sort of pretension to re-
spectable antiquity is the self-assumed Demo-
cratic party; but, as I have just said, its princi-
ples are common to all,the other factions, and,
therefore, cannot serve as the Msis of a separate 1
and distinct classification.
I do not know any better method of illustrating
the precise views which I entertain on this sub-
ject, than by a brief reference to the facts of my
ow nprivate political history. In the primary
import of the word, I have been a Democrat from
the days of my earliest youth; I. am so still, and
shall always be so. Prom the year of my major-
ity I have been in all the g^eat battles of the
American Democracy for .supremacy, and there
has not been a monument raised to commemorate
its victories, at .which I cannot point, and say, of
some pebble in the proud column," that, too, was
contributed by my hand." But I find it utterly
impossible to act with the present administration
of the Democratic party. I will not bow down
in the dust and offer my conscience and my coun-
try as sacrifices to the murderous Moloch of con-
ventions. : .
But no reflecting mind can fail to perceive the
immense difference between the genuine Democ-
racy, distinguished by the attributes and actions
which I have just enumerated, and the retrograde
faction that now pretends an exclusive title to the
name. Day ana darkness are scarcely more
strongly contrasted. If, however, all the other
opposing evidence were wanting, the .so-called
Democratic organization in this Housp would
falsify their assumption of identity with the
school of Jefferson and Jackson. You behold here,
among them, some fifteen or more Whigs, five or
more Free-Soilers, as many members of.the Amer-
ican .order, and., some twenty-five or thirty be-
longing to the wing of Southern Rights, thus
leaving.. less than a third of the whole number
.who were Democrats of the old line. And this
fact shows conclusively the dissolution of the
original party.
It cannot bedoubted that, if there be any po-
litical, organization at all among, the masses,, it is
thoroughly Democratic; but I must pronounce it
an absurdity to suppose that the Democratic rank
and file of the great army of progress are. offi-
cered and commanded by their ancient enemies
ryby Whigs, Free-Soilers, Abolitionists, Nulli-
fies, Know Nothings, and Secessionists. ' In-
deed, the coalition of all these hostile and heter-
ogeneous elements, under the popular euphonious
appellation of Democracy, cannot present a prin-
ciple, notevenasingle political dogma, in common;
"but all-thp th^.appe^lha?, bee;u" Stand by
the South—stand as one man, and show an undi-
vided front in opposition to the dark banner of
Black Republicanism." Such was the sole tie
of brotherhood that bound together " the im-
mortal seventy-four." No, sir, not a solitary
principle of political doctrine has been announced
by them, nor will there be until after the first
Monday in June, when the Cincinnati conven-
tion will furnish a platform. Until then, they
dare not, as a party, present a single issue, or
affirm one political proposition
Recurring now to the Republican school, they
too appeal to party organization, to act as a unit:
not tor the purpose of carrying put some great
measure of national politics; not to advance the
interests, and promote the general welfare of our
common country—no, sir; their cry also is sec-
tional: " Stand Dy. your arms—stand firm and
united to wage a relentless war upon the slave
power of the South," Such is the purely sec-
tional strife fast consuming the vital energies of
this youthful.Republic; and under these circum-
stances I deem it my duty to enter my solemn
protest againstthose political organizations which
spring from party conventions.
It is to be noticed as a remarkable phenomenon
in the Republican platform, that it presents but
a single plank, and that is altogether theoretical
—the isolated idea of opposition to slavery. Nor
can they resist the force of this fatal.objection by
raising the wild shout of " Freedom for Kansas, *
because that question is already virtually settled,
since the statesmen, of all sects are now agreed to
let the sovereign citizens of the Territories choose
their own institutions.
But the most startling feature in the Republican
movement is its manifest tendency towards a dis-
solution of the Union. I do hot now allude to
any sudden and violent disruption, a catastrophe
which shall mark, the lines of the different States
with bloodj by plunging the country into the^hor-
rors of civil war, although such an event is no
distant or imaginary probability. I refer to a
Natural and inevitable danger—to the pernicious
fruits which all this agitation must necessarily
bear in the next generation. The whole series
of facts in the present age, according to an eter-
nal .law of social dynamics, will cooperate as
causes to produce.the phenomena of the age that
shall immediately succeed us. Now, sir, it re-
quires no spirit of prophecy to predict what must
be the consequences of all this sectional discord
and bitter hostility on the opinions and passions
"of our children. The press, the platform, and
even the pulpit, are all busily engaged in brewing
the storm which will, one day, roll its thunders
over every mountain and valley in the land, and
shatter tie fair fabric of our free institutions into
atoms, unless some scheme can be devised to re-
move these active and powerful causes of decay
and disintegration. For it is a. fundamental ax-
iom, of political statics, that no, society can hold
together as a durable unity without a. vital and
vigorous spirit of nationality. There must be a
feeling of common interest among all those* who
live under the same government. No consider-
able part of the community must regard theiji-
selyes as foreigners or enemies with respect to
another, part.. But the "slavery agitation ignores
these high scientific and social laws, as if it were
in reality the. express *a d deliberate object of
parties to destroy the Constitution, ...
.. The excitement operates also in another equally
fatal manner to effect the same unworthy end^qnd
cotemporaneously produces the greatest pre'sent
evils; for amidst the fury of this sectional war,
no important measure of a national .character can
obtain even a respectful hearing. As the roar .of
the tempest becomes louder, and the darkness
thickens over the land, every noble principle,
every time-hallowed institution, every generous
aspiration ofthehuman Heart—Americanism, con-
servatism, Democracy—nay, the principles and
practice of our most holy religion, must all bow
heir faces in the dust, until the deadly slroCco
hall have passed by. . . _ ,
At this very moment there are questions of tne
deepest interest wholly overshadowed ^ by the
black cloud of the slavery discussion. _ Time, the
mighty innovator, has placed the nation in a new
.sphere of circumstances imperiously demanding
the policy of hew measures. Under the influence
of tne" great democratic idea expressed by the
