1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
als^y moved that the motion to reconsidcr be laid
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
The report of tho Committee of Elections, in
relation to the Kansas contested-election case,
being now before the House,
Mr. PHELPS said: I proposed yesterday to
recommit the report with instructions, which were
read. With the permission of the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,] I now desire to
submit the motion to recommit, with the instruc-
tions which I then indicated.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. FLAGLER and others objected.
Mr. PHELPS. I then ask my friend from
South Carolina to make the motion to recommit,
with the instructions 1 have indicated.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 ask the unanimous con-
font of the House to present joint resolutions of
the Legislature of Virginia, in reference to the
claims of citizens of Virginia for bounty-land
scrip, for the purpose of having them referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
There was no objection, and the resolutions
were received.
Mr. MILLSON. I would suggest to my col-
league that those resolutions ought to go to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well; let them be sent
there.
The resolutions were accordingly referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
INTRODUCTION AND REFERENCE OF BILLS.
Mr. DICK, by unanimous consent, in pursu-
ance of previous notice, introduced a bill making
an appropriation for the improvement of the har-
bor at the city of Erie, Pennsylvania; which was
road a first and sccond time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. J3XLL1NGHUIIST, by unanimous con-
sent, in pursuance of previous notice, introduced
a-jomt resolution relating to an appropriation for
the improvement of the harbor at Sheboygan,
Wisconsin; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Oji motion by Mr. ALLEN, Senate bill for the
relief of the distributees of Colonel William Gwin
was taken from the Speaker's table, read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
Mr. WALBRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced bills
of the following titles; which were severally read
a first and sccond time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce:
A bill making; an appropriation for the con-
struction of a haibor at tin- mouth of the Mus-
kegon river, in the State of Michigan; and
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of Grand river,
in the State of Michigan.
Mr. SIMMOJXS, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to repeal part of an act entitled " An act to pro-
vide for the safe-keeping of the acts, records, and
seal of the United States, and for other purposes;"
which was read a first and sccond time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judicial y.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the consent of the
House to offer a resolution, which I have been
instructed by the Committee on the Judiciary to
report. It is as follows:
Resolved, Thar the fllerk supply, from the contingent
fund of the House of Representatives, a complete get of the
reports of the Supieme Court of the United States for the
use of the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. Speaker, I will make a word of explanation.
The House must be sensible that that committee
need these reports, and that they cannot get along
without them. Unless we get them in this way,
we shall have to send home for them. We can-
not get them in the Library. The chairman of
the last committee told me that he could not ob-
tain them.
The resolution was adopted.
On motion by Mr. WELLS, Senate bill for the
relief of Anson Dart was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee oil Indian Affairs.
Mr. THORINGTON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill to grant to
L. Jane Horner and children a section of land in
Oregon; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARUTHERS, by unanimous consent,
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to provide for three months' extra pay to the third
regiment of Missouri volunteers; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. WAKEMAN, it was
That the Committee on Commerce be requested
to examine and inquiie into the propriety of making an ap-
propriation for the improvement of the navigation of Harlem
liver, at the port ot New York; and Uuit the committee
report by bill or otherwise.
On motion by Mr. KNIGHT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Agncultuie be, and are
hereby, mstiuctvd to inquire into the expediency of enabling
the agncultural bianch of the Patent Office, through ite
annual agueultural icports?, to furnish more extended, uni-
foim, lettable, and useful aaricuUuial and horticultural in-
formation tiian hitheito ha-* hecu practicable ; and that, m
tins connection, the said committee consider the sugges-
tions and plan of the Commissioner of Patents to the mcm-
beis of Congress, set forth m his printed eirculai ot Hie
24th ultimo, heieto annexed; and that said committee re-
port by bill or otherwise.
The circular annexed to the resolution is as
follows: •
Washington, February 29, 1856.
Sir: An appropriation is annually made by Congress to
defray the expense of obtaining statistics, and to aid, tn other
methods, to some extent, m promoting and fostering the
agiicuttuial mtere&ts ut tins oountty. There is every rea-
sonable ptobabihty that this eouise of policy will be con-
tinued heieatter.
The results hitherto obtained, however, have been very
imperfect, 111 eon&equenec ot a want of system and of the
mean.s and maehinujy lequi^ito foi the attainment of the
pui pose m view; and though the lChulN have probably
been .such a^ to ju&uiy tlie evpenditures heretoiore made,
they are insignificant m companion with those which it is
believed might be attained by the exertion of a suitable
eftoit.
To put in operation independent machinery on the part
of the Fedeial Government adequate to the attainment of
the object in view, would involve so many obteciionable
consequence1*, both financial and political, that no one
would be willing to piopo^e or support such a measure.
But the idea has been suggested, that by the cooperation
ot the several State and Tcmtoual governments, the object
sought might be attained without any con^ideiable in-
creased expense or the creation of additional officer.
Jn some of the States the piactice lias been already intro-
duced of annually obtaining statistics of the kinds suggested
in the accompanying schedule, by making it the lejral duty
of the assessors to obtain these statistics at the tunc they
aie making their annual assessments of personal or leal
property. Such statistics will not be precisely accurate,
but they will be far more reliable than estimates made m
any other manner that seems as practicable, and cannot
but be interesting and useful m an eminent degree. Every
yeai will add to the accuracy of these statistics and of the
deductions diawn theietiom; and eveiy year would de-
monstrate their value in a still gieater degree as theagneul-
tural wealth and importance ot this countiy become more
leal and more recognized. It cannot but be useful ior the
world to know annually the productions that are to be
found in its elite! granary.
Hut, m older to reap the greatest possible advantage, a
conceit of action is indispensable. Uniformity and system
in obtaining-the desired information aie essential to suc-
cess. The impoitancc of being able to construct one set
of tables for one State, and a different set for another State,
h tnfhn^n comparison with what would result from tables
which snould be unnorm tor all those (States where the
same articles were produced. The entire amount of each
product should be shown a,s far as possible ; and, if to the
ae''cultural statistics those in relation to its commerce and
mineral products can be added, the value of the results
will be vastly enhanced.
A material element of the system above shadowed forth
is the establishment of a central agency, by Much the
information obtained in the different poitioripof this ex-
tended country may be collected, arranged, and published.
The agricultural branch of the Patent Office seems nat-
urally to suggest itself foi this purpose. Adequate means
are there found for coJIcetingand arianging the information
obtained in the several Slates, and the annual Agricultural
Ilcport furnishes a ready vehicle lor disseminating this
digested information over the whole country.
Such a plan is therefore now suggested lor your consid-
eration. If you think it worthy of your countenance, you
are invited to take such steps as you may think proper to
cause its general adoption. Especially are you desired to
use your mriuence to cause your own local Legislature
to act efficiently in the matter as lar as their territorial
jurisdiction extends.
A schedule is herewith furnished, showing, in a general
way, the nature of the information which i<* thought desir-
able. Other items may be added; but, m order to insure
uniformity to this extent, it is suggested that nothmgUeiem
contained should bo omitted, so lar as the articles enumer-
ated are produced m your State or Territory.
It is not expected "that any further than general aggre-
gates should be returned to this office. And in order that
Rich returns should be published in the report for the then
cuirent yeai, they should bo repotted, tf' possible, by the
1st of Juno annually.
Yours% very respectfully, CHARLES MASON,
Cor/iwiwoner oj Patcrits.
KANSAS ELECTION.
Mr. BOYCE then claimed the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. Has the motion to recommit
been entered ?
The SPEAKER. Tho Chair will state the
question. The resolution before the House is tha
one which was reported from the Committee of
Elections. It is as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections, in the con-
tested-election ease from the Territory of Kansas, be, and
are hereby, empowered to send for persons and papers, and
to examine witnesses upon oath or affirmation.
Mr. BOYCE then addressed the House for one
hour. His speech is withheld for revision, and
will appear in tho Appendix.
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. GROW, (Mr. B. yielding temporarily.) I
desire to correct a misapprehension into which
the gentleman from South Carolina has fallen.
The gentleman referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories as having indorsed the validity of the action
of the Legislature of the Territory of Kansas,
because they have reported a bill to annul certain
acts of that Legislature. Now, sir, the commit-
tee did not intend to recognize the validity of that
Legislature, nor do they think they have done
it, but they were not very particular about the
phraseology of their bill. Here are the acts of
that Legislature which the President of the United
States recognizes as valid enactments, and he
gives notice to the country that he means to en-
force the laws of the Territory with the bayonet
if necessary. We were acting notasaeourt, but
as a legislative body, and we were not particular
to use1"lawyer's phrases. All we desired was,
that if the President of the United States should
go forth with the army of the country to enforce
those enactments, he should understand that it
was not the opinion of Congress that the act
which we propose to annul was of binding force
and effect; but we shall have no objection to
change the phraseology of our bill to meet tha
views of gentlemen.
Mr. BINGHAM then addressed the House for
one hour. His specch will be published in tha
Appendix.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri, obtained the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As it is our usual
time1 of adjournment, if the gentleman from Mis-
souri will yield the floor, 1 will move that tha
House do now adjourn.
Mr. OLIVER. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. JONES. I move, then, that the House
adjourn.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented to the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, recommending that authority be
given to construct and equip six revenue cutters,
of small size, for use on the lakes, and to-dispose
of two large cutters now stationed in those waters;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, in answer to a resolution of the
House passed February 28, 185C, in reference to
the Buffalo custorn-house, and recommending
additional appropriations therefor.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to say one word in
reference to the subject of that recommendation.
I desire to have the paper laid upon the table and
printed. I would also say to the House, that when
I shall have got some additional information I
shall ask the unanimous consent of the House to
take up and act upon the matlor.
The communication was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
SENATE RESOLUTION REFERRED.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take from the table a
resolution of tho Senate in reference to the South-
western and Muscogee railroad.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
for the relief of the Southwestern and Muscogeo
Railroad Company was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads,
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
> ftlr, PAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
and memorials in the ease of K. Piemont, asking
