1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. GEYER. I move a reconsideration of
the vote insisting on the seventh amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GEYER. I merely desire that we shall
have an opportunity to express our opinions in
the only way in which I think opinions ought to
be expressed at this period and on this question,
by the yeas and'nays; and I ask for them.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 40, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennes-
see, Biggs, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Butler, Cass, Clay,
Clayton, CoJlamer, Crittenden, Douglas, Fish, Foster,
Geyer, Hale, Houston, Hunter, lverson, Jones of Iowa,
Jonoa of Tennessee, Mallory, Riason, Pearee, Pratt, Reid,
JSeba.>tiau, Seward, Shdell, Stuart, Thomson of New Jer-
sey .Tooiubs,Wade,Weller^Wi^on,Wright, and Yulee—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Foot, Harlan, and Trumbull—3.
So the Senate insisted on the seventh amend-
ment, striking out the appropriation for books for
members of the House.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to manage this matter
in a way that is entirely respectful to the House.
We have now insisted on what we desired to in-
sist upon, and receded from everything else. I
do not know that I shall ask for a committee of
conference, but let us send a message to the
House, and if the House desires a committee of
conference, I will move that the Senate appoint
one. If the House do not choose to ask for a
committee of conference, but allows the matter to
stay where it is, very well; but if they ask for it,
I shall move that the Senate appoint a committee
to meet them.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills, which had heretofore re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker of the House:
An act to continue the land office at Yincennes,
Indiana, and to ascertain and adjust the titles to
certain lands in the States of Indiana and Illinois, ]
formerly included in the Vincennes land district; |
An act making appiopriations for the current j
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
the various Indian tribes for the year ending 30th
June, 1857;
A joint resolution extending the time for the
creditors of Texas to present their claims;
An act for the relief of Talbot G. Dousman;
An act making an appropriation for the survey
of the southern boundary of Kansas Territory;
An act for the relief of John H. Scranton and
James M. Hunt;
An act for the relief of John Poe, of Louisville,
Kentucky; and
An act for the relief of the representatives and
sureties of Robert King, deceased.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The committee of con-
ference on the Army appropriation bill (H. R.
No. 153) have been unable to agree. There was
but one subject of disagreement between the two
Houses, and that related to the employment of
the. Army in Kansas. It was an amendment pro-
posed m the House of Representatives, and it
lias been insisted on by them. I ask that the
report which I now make be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
tile two Houses on House bill (No. lotf) making appiopua-
uoii  for the tupport ot' the Army for the year ending June
SO, IP57, having met, after full and free coufetence, have
agreed to recommend to their respective Houses, as fol-
lows :
That, being unable to come to any agreement, they ask
to be discharged.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This was the first com- j
mittee of conference on this bill. You have j
heard the proceedings of the second committee
of conference on the legislative appropriation
bill. As this was the first committee that could
not agree, I move that the Senate insist upon its
amendments, and ask for another committee of
conference.
Mr. SEWARD. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays. j
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ftAYARD. I should like to know what
are the amendments to the Army appropriation
bill, is the issue on that reduced to a single
po Lilt ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. X can inform the gentleman
2211
that they are simply Kansas amendments—no
more no less.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There is only oneof them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Pennsylvania will state his motion.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Senate made but one
amendment to the Army appropriation bill, and
that was, striking out the provision in regard to
the employment of the army in Kansas. That
was legislation in an appropriation bill. The
committee of conference were unable to agree,
and they asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject. Their request has
been granted. Now, as this has been the first
and only committee on this bill, I move, for the
purpose of saving the appropriation bill if pos-
sible, and doing all we can to obtain so desirable
an object, that the Senate insist on its amend-
ment, and ask for another committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have the
amendment of the Senate read, which it is now
proposed to insist upon.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will inform the Senator
from Illinois, that the bill having originated in
the House, the committee of conference on the
part of the House take the bill as a matter of
course; and therefore the amendment which the
Senator calls for is with the bill in the House.
It is the Kansas amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not very familiar
with parliamentary forms, but I think it a very
strange proceeding indeed, if the Senate is called
on to vote upon a proposition which isnotbefore
it—to insist on something that we have no means
of seeing qr definitely understanding. It is im-
possible for any one to know what is meant by
a report which comes in here, and recommends
that the Senate adhere to its first, tenth, fortieth,
and ninetieth amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been
the uniform practice of Congress, ever since their
organization, under the rules, for the committee
of conference on the part of the House in which
a bill originates to take the bill, together with
the papers.
Mr. "WELLER. The Senator from Illinois
knows very well what the amendment is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I had supposed that the
committees acting on these subjects would retain
or embody in their report the matter about which
the dispute arose—sufficient of it, at any rate, to
have it understood. Tf such a practice as is now
stated has always obtained, it is manife&ly a
practice which is not very readily understood;
for, as we have seen here to-night, a great many
explanations have been required before we could
ascertain precisely about what the Senate was
voting. . .
Mr. CLAYTON. I will suggest that it is
probable this amendment is oil the Journal, and
if the gentleman desires to see it he can find it on
there. The amendment was to strike out a clause
of the House bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. We all know what it is. It
is the Kansas amendment.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Pennsylvania
has certainly stated what, is before the Senate very
clearly. The Senate made but a single amendment
to the Army appropriation bill, which was to strike
out a proviso attached by the House, that the
Army should not be used to enforce laws in Kan-
sas. The Senate proposed to strike that out, and
did strike itout. Nowthc motionis made that the
Senate insist on the vote striking out that pro-
vision.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Mich-
igan states the amendment correctly, I shall vote
to insist; but I do not understand that any such
proposition came here from the House as one
directing that the Army should not be employed
to enforce laws in Kansas. I do not understand
any such proposition to have been before us. I
want to know distinctly what it is.
Mr. STUART. There is no objection to the
Senator's stating to us what he does not under-
stand; but he should not undertake to say that
nobody else understands it. The proposition is a
very plain one; and I only wish to add to what I
said before, that the usage is universal, that the
House in which a bill originated retains posses-
sion of it, if a committee of conference disagree;
so that it cannot be read here; but the committee
 ts what it is. That is ail that is ever done
repor
| in such a case. Now,sir, if.the Senator does not
1 know anything about it, the only way I. can sug-
gest to him to find ou is, to go down to the
House, and read it. I think every other Senator
knows what that provision is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If it is the
pleasure of the Senate to have the amendment
read, it can be done.
M-r. WELLER. It ought to be done, for the
satisfaction of the Senator from Illinois.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senate was to strike out:
Provided, nevertheless, That no part of the military force
of the United States, heiem provided for, shall be employed
in aid of the enforcement of the enactments of the alleged
Legislative Assembly 
Mr. COLLAMER. That is not the provision
last sent from the House. It is a different one
entirely. That was the provision first in the bill.
The Senate rejected it, and the House then-sub-
stituted an entirely different one, which the Sen-
ate rejected also; and the last one is the one now
pending—not that which has been read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought there was some
misunderstanding about this matter. Now, I will
state what I understand from looking at the
Journal. As read from the Secretary's table we
have the first bill as it passed the House. The
Senate refused to concur in the portion of the bill
which has just been read. It was sent to the
House, and the House receded from a portion of
it as they had passed it; they changed it, buthow,
the Senate, it seems, is not permitted officially to
know. If the committee of conference would
inform the Senate what the disagreeing vote is
between the two Houses, and let us know to what
extent the Plouse has gone in receding from its
first proposition, we should understand the ques-
tion. I learn that the House does not insist upon
the clause in the bill which the Senate struck out.
It may insist on something somewhat like it; but
it is different, as I understand.
Mr. WILSON. I understand the case to be
simply this: the House of Representatives passed
a bill with the portion in it just read by the Sec-
retary. The Senate struck that out. The bill
went back to the House, and the House amended
the portion stricken out by the Senate, and sent
the bill back to us. The Senate again amended
the bill by striking out the amended portion, and
this is the question in dispute between the two
Houses. It is a plain matter. I think we all
apprehend it. For my part, I think I under-
stand it. I am ready and willing to stand by it,
and I hope the House of Representatives will do
the same.
Mr. BAYARD. There can be no doubt that,
after the amendment was made by the Senate,
which was to strike out a portion of the bill as
inserted by the House of Representatives, the
revolutionary doctrine contained in their first
proviso being too palpable, as they found after
argument, they undertook to amend the motion
of the Senate to strike out, but, in substance, re-
tained the same provision, cloaking a little more
its revolutionary character. That is the whole
change—nothing in substance, but only in form.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 3S, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Mes?-rs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennes-
see, Bi«Ier, Bright, lliodhead", Butler, Cass, Clay,
Ciavton, Donslas, Gever, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Jones
of hm-a. of Tennessee, M.illoiv, Mason, lyeatce,
l'riitt, Push, lleid, Sebastian, Shdell, Stuait, Thomson of
X.■ v.' jcj-i \ Toombs, Weller, and Yulee—3d.
! naYS—Messrs. Coliamer, Durkee, Fish, Foot, Foster,
] Hale, Hal. ,:i, Seward, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—11.
So the Senate insisted on its amendment and
asked for another conference. Messrs. Clay,
Pegh, and Geyer.. were appointed managers at
the sccond conference on the part of the Senate.
patapsco river bill veto.
A message from the House of Representatives,
bv Mr. Cuiaom, their Clerk, announced that the
: House of Representatives, having been notified by
I the Senate of the passage by it of the bill entitled
i " An act for the improvement of the navigation of
| the Patapsco river, and to render the port of Balri-
i more accessible to the war steamers of the United
| States," notwithstanding the President's objec-
! tions, had proceeded, in conformity with the
| Constitution, to reconsider it, and passed it by
1 the concurrence of two thirds.
i Mr. PRATT submitted the following resolu-
