1^6.]
xmmtt w mxnm.
mi
34th Co^o....1st Sess.
National Pblitics^Mr. Evans.
Ho. or Reps.
word progress, territories ample enough for errtr
pires have been added to the original patrimony
of the Union. A bright star of virgin gold glit-
ters on the western border of our banner, as it
waves over the waters of the Paeific ocean, from
the Titan's flag-staff of the Rocky. Mountains.
But we need arches of iron, traversed by steam,
and swept by electricity, to Spun the gulf of dis-
tance between the central Government and these
remote possessions.
"We have advanced to the
dignity of a first-lass poweramong the sovereigns
of" the earth, and our commercial relations are
wide extended as the world. By the revolution
in the navigation of the ocean caused by the intro-
duction of steam, we have been brought into im-
mediate contact with the other hemisphere. The
living, active Governments of this and of-the Old
World stand face to face with each other, and also
with the worn out, dilapidated Powers, not only
of both continents, but of the beautiful islands of
Oceanica; and these, too, are to be regenerated
by either one or the other—by the Anglo-Ameri-
can race, with all the vigor and vitality of free
institutions; or by the different despotisms of
Europe, eager to ingraft upon them the corrupt
and tyrannical theories of the Old World. And
hence may be inferred the urgent desideratum of
an enlarged and comprehensive foreign policy,
suited to such a state of circumstances; and this
is precisely what the popular mind so vehemently
demands, but which, in the mad rage of factions,
is utterly denied us.
This treacherous folly and imbecility have
been forcibly illustrated in a recent ihstarice. The
people of Nicaragua, in the exercise of their un-
doubted rights as a sovereign community, saw fit
to change their form of government, and on the
13th of October of the last year they overthrew the
eerviles of the Chamorro faction, established a
Republic, and appointed Patricio Rivas, a native-
born citizen, as their President, and William
Walker, a naturalized citizen, as commander-in-
chief of their armies. Since that time there has
been no revolution, nor attempt at revolution,
neither insurrection nor rebellion, by the people
of Nicaragua. Nor is the Government held by
military rule. The President and his Cabinet are
all natives. Crfrinada, a city of four thousand in-
habitants, is the headquarters of the army, while
the executive and civil officers perform their func-
tions at Leon, a city of nearly forty thousand peo-
ple, distant a hundred miles from Granada, and
entirely free from the presence of any American
soldiers for the last tnree months. Indeed, no
American troops are to be seen in any of the large
tqwns, with the exception of Granaaa. The offi-
cers and soldiers in all the other cities are pure
natives. The whole population of Nicaragua
amounts to two hundred and seventy-five thou-
sand ; and it may be well doubted whether there be
another people in the civilized world so unani-
mously agreed in the cordial support of their Gov-
ernment. There is absolutely no sectional strife
or party discord among them. There is perhaps
no military chief on the surface of the globe that
possesses in a higher degree the confidence of his
soldiers, and the citizens of his countiy, than
William Walker. This new Republic of Nicar-
agua is located at the exact point where we most
require an enlightened ana liberal Government
ana friendly ally. It stands directly on the great
highway to our Pacific possessions, where our
sovereign citizens are passing daily.
Now, the people demand, and very properly
too, to know why the only political power in
Nicaragua has not been recognized by the Fed-
eral Executive ? A strange combination seems
to have been formed against this new Republic.
Malignant feeling and sinister opposition have
been aroused, and kept alive, as if fbr the express
purpose of giving time for British and French
interference, to aid Costa Rica by arms and men
in her crusade against Nicaragua; and, allow me
[to ask, for what end ? There is ho declaration
of war—no pretended cause of Quarrel against
Nicaragua as a Republic; but it is a declaration
of ruthless hostility against American citizens in
the Nicaraguan service. This, sir, is the unde-
niable feet. And yet the infamous transaction
is virtually countenanced and approved by the
Anierican Government; thus tacitly kdmitting
the preteniidn, that our imo people hate ho right
to esgage in the service of a foreign nower. It
is a war upon American citizens, merely because
they are Americans, and by British soldiers
rying British muskets.
But, again, sir, look at the humiliation to
which we are subjected by having our transit
interrupted—our free passage from the Atlantic
to the Pacific States of the Union! How mortify-
ing is the fact to us as a nation, and how destruc-
tive of the rights and interests of our citizens!
The Pacific gate to our western dominions is
aire id y closed against us by the Costa Ricans,
who, in their thirst for American blood, have
taken possession of San Juan del Sur; while
San Juan del Norte, on the Atlantic side, is
guarded by the batteries of British war ships,
which subject all Americans desiring to enter
that port to impertinent and arbitrary police reg-
ulations,
Mr. CADWALADER. I would inquire of
the gentleman if he has authentic information to
that effect ? and, if so, of what character is it?
Mr. EVANS. I am in possession of authen-
tic facts that the steamer Orizaba, in the act of
transferring her passengers to the steamer of the
Transit Company, was last month stopped by
a British officer, and the passengers were not
permitted to land until that officer was satisfied
that they were not going to join Genei-al Walker.
That information is now laid, as I understand,
before the President of the United States.
Mr. CADWALADER. In authentic form ?
Mr. EVANS. Yes, in authentic forln, by
Captain Tirtklepaugh, of the Steamer.
Mr. CADWALADElt. I do not wfih the
gentleman to understand that I denied the cor-
rectness of his general statement. I wished to
obtain as particular information as possible of the
grounds on which he rested 'his belief of the fact
which he has stated. ,
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Chairman, no fham can
doubt but that all the bloodshed and riot in Central
America is justlyattributable to the failure Or te-
fusal of our present Administration to recognize
the Rivas government in Nicaragua—a failure Or
refusal which should bring upon those having
charge of the foreign bureau the disapprobation
and censure of the American pfedple. They now
stand condemned by the judgment of the masses;
and as under other Governments aMiriistry that
would thus abuse its power and prove recreant to
the public trusts committed to its hands, would
be degraded and dismissed, so should those under
the existing American Administration, who hate
been guilty of such unnatural malfeasance in of-
fice, suffer a like penalty. The public voice de-
mands it, sir. The people demand the retirement
of Mr. Secretary Marcy, and the immediate recog-
nition of the present Government of Nicaragua.*
Not only this, sir, but the American Congress
has a high duty to perform. The representatives
of the people in their legislative capacity should
not only repeal, and Abolish forever, the odious
neutrality laws, but Congress should also reaf-
firm the Monroe doctrine, defining its meaning in
terms too plain to be misunderstood even by
British diplomatists. Let us do this, sir, and, my
word for it, it will open up a bright era for con-
stitutional liberty. This subject,"however, Mr.
Chairman, I propose to discuss at an early day,
and shall pursue it no further for the present.
Again, we are failing to take measures to per-
fect the Communication'With our Pacific posses-
sions—to putoor entire coast defense upbn a war
footing—to keep "open bur Isthmus transit, and
thegates of the Caribbean sea ahd Gulfof Mexico.
We are failing to' bring our Army ahd Navy
up to the exigencies of the times, in view of the
great (Struggle that is now approaching between
the free institutions Of bur country fend the des-
potisms of Europe for the protectorate of the
decaying 'Governments of this continent and
the isles of Oce&nica; for the time its coming, and
how is,' when they must receive the blessings of
our civilization feild religion, or pass fVom tis for-
ever to the galling tyrannies of the Old Worid.
ftut still the factious parties of the caucus and
feo'hvention ignore all these demands, and spend
their time tthd splendid talents only in discus-
sions of the slavery theme.
* Nicaragua traa ttiidb' been re&fgitteed bjp thiPrtiftfcnt.
Sir, it is impossible to enumerate all the great
Wants of this enlightened nation. There has never
been an age or people in the annals of time, that
developed such lightning-like activities, and dis-
played Such intense yearnings after social and
political perfection, as those which we now wit-
ness. liie grand and glorious democratic idea,
has arrived at the Stage of a full popular recogni-
tion ahd appreciation. The dignity, the royal
estate, and princely privileges of every man,
woman, and child belonging to the American fam-
ily are universally acknowledged. And now the
materials of our progress are such as the sun of
sixty centuries never sa^r before. With the best
form Of Government which the experience of
all past time has been able to produce; with a
power mighty as magic over the physical ele-
ments and subtile agencies of the natural world,
wtoich former years never so much as dreamed
of; with the finest race in material development
and mental vigor, with the brilliant blessings of
education diffused universally,.like sunlight in
the air; with the most intellectual and highly-
cultivated women, the mothers—shall I not call
them?—of the future; with a continent of un-
plowed lands; with lakes like oceans, and rivers
large as seas, and with soaring aspirations for all
that is beautiful or useful in art, profound in
science and divine in religion—I say with all
these the nation is prepared to start on a loftier
career of improvement.
But to do this, the people must cashier their
party leaders, and drive away into utter darkness
all the demons of disunion and sectional strife—
those that, tike the unclean spirit of old, would
enter into the heart of the Constitution only to
throw it upon the ground and tear it in pieces.
Every Sovereign citizen must learn to assert his
right, make his royal will obeyed, and become a
potential legislator. Then every door of destiny
Will open at the popular bidding, and the race of
progress -will commence over all the fair fields of
the future.
Standing oil the strength of these great fktts,
It would be no difficult task to forecast the coming
grandeur of American pivilization. I should say,
that with the wealth, learning, science, art, a«d
experience of all the world, we would soon be the
most refined and polished rae$ that history has
witnessed since the fall of man. Btit unless the
religious sentiment be correspondingly developed
and strengthened, so as to continue the cultiva-
tion and practice of all the Christian virtuesj
a spirit of luxurious enjoyment and more than
eastejn voluptuousness would gradually prevail,
so as in the course of a few generations to enervate
our posterity, and enfeeble their powers of voli-
tion until they would lose their control over phys-
ical causes, while the decline of their speculative
facul ties and moral emotion's would render them,
like the effeminate Asiatics, the fit subjects of
either division or despotism—the prey of civil
strife, or the victims for some Tamerlane of a
Future age. For universal experience proves,
that without a religion, and a common religion,
both for rulers ana subjects—a religion founded
on the love and fear of God, no nation can long
Sourish, or fulfill any exalted destiny.
The Bible, therefore, must travel the circuit Of
our civilization, keeping pace with the march Of
progress, as a guide and illumination in every
path, in days of darkness, and in nights of storm.
The sweet chimes of the church bell and the
earnest tonfes of prayer must mingle with the
piercing shrieks of the steam-whistle and theTOar
of iron-wheels. And it is precisely because the
religious sentiment of the American community
is as active and energetic as ever, that I am' full
Of hope. I -believe literally, and truly, that the
Church is the salt of the earth; and I cawnot be-
lieve—'I never will bred it the mournful thought of
measureless despair, that the millions of petitions
from the lrps and hearts of the pure1 and pioiis,
from all the public and private altars in the idndj
ascending up to Heaven, morning and evening,
ftnd On every Sabbath i like holy incense, the "pre-
cious perfUmes of the Boul,for the indestructi-
bility of our glorious Uniort i will 'All prove un-
avkiling.
But all such lofty considerations—^everytsmg
is overlooked Of late by the leMars of factiofl,
gave the -feoues fo^d ty the machinery t f
