609
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Smith, of Virginia.
Ho. of Reps.
conventions. You hear nothing but the wild battle-
cries of slavery, slavery—all is slavery. In the
mean time, the Pacific railroad, our foreign rela-
tions, and the shameless inefficiency of our Army
and Navy, in the view oi a great war against the
most powerful nation on the globe, which must
come sooner or later, are all forgotten. Better it
were ten thousand times that an earthquake
should rock the world like a cradle, and swallow j
up Kansas into the central fires concealed by the ,
crust of the globe; better that the destroying
angel of pestilence with fiery sword should sweep
all the blacks from the fields of the South nay,
better, that the African race should become ex-
tinct at once, as it probably will be in the course
of time—than to see the wreck of our civil and
religious liberty, which all this strife and agita-
tion are so terribly adapted to produce.
The last luminary of constitutional freedom,
the last of all the ages, the last of all the lands,
the solitary star in the mortal night of time, to
which the oppressed nations of the earth may
look for light and hope, the only ray of true
Democracy trembles in the western sky. Oh!
in the name of humanity, law, liberty, and re-
ligion, quench not that divine beam to leave
the world in the darkness of despotism forever- ,
more!  . j
KANSAS AFFAIRS. !
SPEECH OF HON. WM. SMITH,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
■March 18,1856,
The Resolution reported from the Committee of Elections
in tlie contested -election case from the Territory of Kansas
being under consideration—
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, said: I ask the atten-
tion of the House for the short time that I shall
occupy the floor. I am too unwell to be here, and
I respectfully ask their close attention. I am
■ure this House ought to be desirous, as the guard-
ians of our great public, interests, so to perform
their trusts as to advance the haziness of the peo-
ple who have sent us here. I am sure this House
ought not, and I hope they will not, establish any
precedents dangerius in their character or destruc-
tive to the best interests of the country. j
Mr. Speaker, we know, the country knows, jj the 29 Th of November, 1854, within a short pe-
that the proposition which is now substantially riod after the census had been taken. He receives
before the House, and under consideration, is the ,i the returns without question. There were no
proposition upon the part of the Committee of i j border ruffians then to interfere with the elections
Elections, (there have been various modifications i at this the first Kansas election. There were no
proposed; but still, the fact remains, as gentle- I j armed multitudes from the State of Missouri. It
men all understand;) and the only proposition |l is not contended that there was an interruption
really before us is to send to Kansas for persons i. of the freedom of election. Whitfield was elected
and papers, and to bring them here, to enable the , in compliance with the regulations established by
Committee to pass upon the legality of the elec- Governor Reeder himself, and by the legal voters
tion of the sitting Delegate in this House from ! of the Territory, as has been shown by the cen-
that Territory. ] sus just brought to the attention of this House.
I say that is the question in fact, and the only i Here, then, is a demonstration, important in its
lestion before us; for I am not one of those who I character, to which 1 desire to call the particular
the Territory, however, until some time in Octo-
ber of the same year; but after reaching there, j
■ in compliance with the requirements ofthe organic
I act of the Territory, he ordered a census to be i
taken. That census was taken, and here it is. j
I call the attention of the House to it. I give it i
in this form to the country, that the country may I
understand what is not now, perhaps, generally j
known. I take it from an authority which is ;
official, and therefore to be believed; especially
as it relates to facts not disputed: I allude to the
first message of A. H. Reeder, at that time Gov-
ernor of the Territory of Kansas.
By that census it appears that there were then
eight thousand five hundred and twenty-one
persons in the Territory; there were five thou-
sand one hundred and thirty-eight males, and
three thousand three hundred and eighty-one
j females. Again, sir: in this population there
I were, according to this authority, two thousand
| nine hundred and four qualified voters. This is
! the official statement, made by the regular author-
ity of the Territory, and never has been ques-
tioned, so far as I know.
• Well, sir, on the 29th day of November, 1854,
an election for Delegate to Congress took place in
that Territory. On that occasion, various per-
sons were voted for. I have before me a statement
of the vote, made by a member of the Committee
of Elections in this House, and I desire to call
the attention of gentlemen to it. On that occa-
sion, John W. "Whitfield received two thousand
four hundred and eighty-six votes. J. A. Whit-
field received two hundred and forty-eight votes,
manifestly intended for J. W. Whitfield.
Mr. WHITFIELD. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will remark that the votes given for
J.A.Whitfield were intended for J. A-Wakefield.
Mr. SMITH. Very well; then a Mr. Flenni-
ken received two hundred and five votes, and
various others received twenty-two other votes.
Now, what I wish to call the attention of the
House to in this connection is, the remarkable
conformity between the vote actually given, and
the number of legal voters officially reported in
the Territory. I repeat that two thousand nine
hundred ana four qualified voters are officially
reported in that Territory, and so stated by Gov-
ernor Reeder in his message; and nearly that
number of votes are reported as having been ac-
tually given in that election, which took place on
question
mean to contend that the sitting Delegate is en-
titled to his seat, right or wrong. Nor do 1 mean
to contend that a sitting member may not be
ousted from his seat even without any one claim-
ing the right to occupy it. I am willing to con-
cede that much; and I take occasion to say that, ,
if it appear to this House that the sitting Dele- I
gate is not entitled to his seat, he ought to be '
turned out, even if there is no person contesting: I
his election.
_ There are precedents for this opinion, and what
18 more there are reasons for it. I do not mean
to raise any question upon the point. It seems
to me it is so clear that there should be no ques-
tion about it.
Mr. Speaker, on the 30th of May, 1854, as we
all know, an organic act was passed by the two
Houses of Congress, and received the signature
of the President, creating two territorial govern-
ments of the unorganized, unoccupied waste ter-
ritory of the United States. In conformity to the
provision of that law—I say in conformity to the
distinct provisions set forth in that act, the Presi-
dent was empowered to appoint a chief magis-
trate for the government of the Territory of Kan-
sas. That chief magistrate was commissioned
on the 39th day of June, 1854. He did not reach
particular
attention of members. We find, as far as this
vote goes, that the population of the Territory at
that time was largely pro-slavery in its procliv-
ities; the anti-slavery vote was in a very small
minority. I call special consideration to these
matters, for the reason that I shall refer to them
in the latter portion of my remarks.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise for the
purpose of asking the gentleman from Virginia
a question, if he will allow me.
Mr. SMITH. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURN. Do 1 understand the gen-
tleman to say that at the first election, when Gen-
eral Whitfield was firat elected, there were no
citizens who came from Missouri into Kansas to
vote for him ?
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman has all the in-
formation I have, and I have labored to little pur-
pose to satisfy him on that subject, if, after I
have given the figures, he has not deduced that
conclusion.
Mr. WASHBURN. I think the gentleman is
laboring under a mistake. If my recollection
serves me, it was asserted on all hands, upwards ;
of a year ago, that a large number of people did go ;
over from Missouri into Kansas ana vote in tne
Territory. It was so charged, and, if I am not i
mistaken, the charge was admitted by a gentle-
man from Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS. Who was the member from
Missouri ?
Mr. WASHBURN. T may be mistaken; but
I have an impression that, in the discussion which
•occurred on a proposition submitted by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, a gentleman from Missouri,
a colleague of my friend who addresses me the
inquiry, a gentleman from the Westport district,
| admitted directly, or by implication, that the
charge as made was true. Mjr recollection is
j distinct that the charge was made, and I think it
! was not denied.
j Mr. PHELPS. It was not the member from
the Westport district.
Mr. WASHBURN. Then it was the member
from Missouri who is a member of the Commit-
tee of Elections.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. I will remark in
! reply to the statement of the gentleman from
Maine, that I never made any such admission,
, directly or indirectly.
Mr. WASHBURN. I have a clear impression
that admissions of the kind indicated were made
on the other side of the House. I thought my
friend from Missouri was one of those who made
them. It may have been done by somebody else.
A reference to the Congressional Globe of last
session will show the fact. I ask the gentleman
to look into it. I do distinctly recollect that the
charge was made, and that its truth was generally
acquiesced in. There was no denial.
Mr. SMITH. I have no recollection of the
fact, nor do I think anything of the sort occurred,
for the reason that there was no occasion for it.
It was not a contested election. There was no
exception taken to General's Whitfield election
or to his taking his seat.
Again, allow-me to say that, according to the
census returns taken before the election, there
were two thousand nine hundred and four quali-
fied voters in the Territory. The election returns
show that there were two thousand.eight hundred
and odd votes cast for everybody—a less number
than the census returned as actually in the Ter-
ritory. What does the gentleman wantmore than
this ? I repeat to the House that there "was no
allegation at that time of any interruption of the
freedom of election by people from the border
counties of Missouri. At the first election Mr.
Flenniken was the principal contestant. He has
left the Territory, I am advised, and is now living
as a citizen in the State of Pennsylvania, from
which State he went to Kansas, no doubt for the
purpose of being a candidate at this election,
i The Governor of the Territory—I choose to
use this term—afterward, in conformity with his
! duty, directed an election to be held for delegates
; to the Territorial Legislature. He postponed it to
j the 30th day of March, 1855; delayed it unneces-
sarily, long after that in Nebraska had been held.
That election took place. There was an im-
mense preponderance of the population of Kan-
sas, as indicated in that election, of the same
character of political opinion which ruled at the
time, less than five months before, of the election
of General Whitfield. This election was held in
conformity with the proclamation of Governor
Reeder, and the rules laid down by him. He
provided how protests should be made against
the fairness or regularity of the elections. Pro-
tests were made in some cases, and he, upon can-
vassing the returns, granted certificates of elec-
tion to eleven councilmen and seventeen repre-
sentatives, and refused certificates to two coun-
cilmen and nine representatives, and ordered a
new election to take place on the 24th May, 1855.
This election was accordingly held; and the per-
sons returned by the judges as elected, auljr
received certificates of election, according to law.
The Legislature, thus elected and thus recognized,
was, by proclamation, convened as a Legislature
j on the 2a day of July, 1855. It accordingly assem-
; bled, and Governor Reeder, knowing every mem-
berand how elected, (for he had had that question
officially before him,) sends in his message. It
begins as follows:
" To the Honorable the Council and House of Representa-
tives of the Territory of Kantas:
" Having been duly notified that your reapsctive bodies
have organized for the performance of your official ftine-
