1856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
90S
34th C0NG...ilST Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Smith, of Virginia.
Ho. of Reps
lions. I herewith submit to jjou thp usual executive com- I
niumcaiion relative to subjects of legislation, which uni-
versal and long continued usuage in analogous cases would
seem to demand, although no express requirement of it is
10 lie found in the act of Congress which has brought us into
official existence, and prescribed our official duties.
" The position which tee occupy, and the solemn trust
which is confidcd to us for originating the laws and institu-
tions, and molding the destinies of a new Republic in the
very geographical"center of our vast and magnificent Con-
federation, cannot but impress us with a deep and solemn
sense of the heavy responsibility which we have assumed,
and admonish us to lay aside all selfish and equivocal
motives, to discard all unworthy ends, and, in the spirit of
histiceand chanty to each other, with pure hearts, tempered
Ycelin«s and sober judgments, to address ourselves to our
task, and so perforin it in the fear and reverence of that
God'who oversees our work, that the star that we expect to
add to the national banner shall be dimmed by no taint or
tarnish of dishonor, and be subject to no reproach save that
winch springs from the inevitable fallibility of just and
upright men."
I say to this House and the country, that he
did not then pretend that there was any interrup-
tion in the freedom of that election. He makes
some exceptions on the score of want of compli-
ance with his regulations, &c., nothing else. I
have before me a good deal of other evidence on
this branch of the subject; but I forbear it now.
I ask, however, was this a lawful Legislature?
The Legislature having duly organized, the ques-
tion was raised as to the legality of the election
held on the 24th of May; in other words, the right
of Governor Reeder to refuse certificates to those
returned by the judges 'as having a majority of
the votes. The Legislature reversed the Govern-
or's decision, and gave the seats to those who
had a majority of the votes at the election on the
30th. of March, three of whom were also elected
on the 24th of May.
It is a most remarkable fact, that in the majority
and minority reports of the Committee of Elec-
tions, whicn were made to the Assembly of
Kansas on that occasion, not a single word is
said in regard'to the alleged interruption, by armed
men from Missouri, of the freedom of election.
I hope gentlemen of the other side will bear
this in mind. I hope it will not be forgotten by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who is to close
this debate. Here is the majority report—what
doa  it say? After going over a great variety of
matters, it goes on to say:
"Upon what ground, then, were these elections set
Wide, and certificates refused ? A majority of your com-
mittee, and they apprehend a majority of the members of
this House, are at a loss to know."
What does the minority report say ? It is an
elaborate report by a Mr. Houston. He states
all the grounds in support of Governor Reeder's
views. There is not a whisper of any disturb-
ance at the election. It says:
" I cannot agree that this body has the right (meaning
the Legislature) to p behind the decision of the Governor,
who, by virtue of his office, is the organized Federal arm
- of the Federal Government for this Territory, for the obvi-
ous reason that Congress makes him the sole judge of the
qualifications for membership."
And when the question was finally acted on,
four of the six members expelled from their seats
entered their protest, as follows:
" Protest.—We, the undersigned, members of the House
of Representatives of Kansas Territory, believe the organic
act oiganizing the said Territory gives this House no power
to oust any member from this House who has received a
certificate from the Governor; that this House cannofego
behind an election called by the Governor, and consider any
claims based on a prior election. We would therefore pro-
test against such a proceeding, and ask this protest to be
spread upon the Journal of this House.
"JOHN HUTCHINSON,
« WILLIAM JESS EE,
"AUGUSTUS WATTLES,
"E. D. LADD."
Nor is this all the case. The Governor having
convened the Legislature at Pawnee City, (said
to b'e one of his speculations,) where there were
not sufficient accommodations, the Legislature
resolved as follows:
" Resolved by the House of Representatives of the Terri-
tory of Kansas, (the Council concurring therein,) That the
Legislature of said Territory do adjourn on the 6th day of
July, A. D. 1855, to meet again on Monday, the 16th day of
July, 1855, at two o'clock, p. in., at the Shawnee Mauuai-
Labor School, in the said Territory."
And on the same day the following resolution
was also adopted by both Houses:
"Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed on
the part of the Council, to act in conjunction with a com-
mittee on the part of the House of Representatives, to in-
form his Excellency the Governor, that the Legislative
Assembly will adjourn this afternoon, to meet on Monday,
the 16th instant, at the Shawnee Manual-Labor School, in
the Territory of Kansas."
The Governor resisted this removal, but fol- I
lowed the Legislature to its new location. On
the 21st of July the Governor returns certain bills
with his veto, in an elaborate message, inVhich
he says:
" I see nothing in the bills to prevent my sanction of
them; and my reasons for disapproval have been doubtless
anticipated by you, as necessarily resulung from the opinion
expressed in my message of the 6th instant."
He further says:
"It seems to be plain that the Legislature now in session,
so far as the place is concerned, is in contravention of the act
of Congress, and where they have no right to sit, and can
make no valid legislation."
Finally, however, he closed his official relation ;
to the Legislature and to Kansas, by the follow-
ing message s- |
" To the honorable the members of the Council and Home of j
Representatives of the Territory of Kansas:
" Gentlemen : Although, in my message to your bodies j
! under date of the Slst instant, [ultiir.o,] I stated that I was
i unable to convince myself of the legality of your session at ,
j this place, for reasons then given; and although that opin- i
ion still remains unchanged, yet, inasmuch as my reasons j
were not satisfactory to your body, and the bills passed by I
your Houses have been up to this time sent to me for ap- j
proval, it is proper that I should inform you that after your
adjournment ot yesterday I received official notification
that my functions, as Governor of the Territory of Kansas,
were terminated. No successor having arrived, Secretary
Woodson will of course perform the duties of the office as
acting Governor. A. H. REEDER."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I beg the attention of this
House to these simple facts. The Governor rec-
ognizes the Legislature in his annual message, ;
the first one transmitted to that Legislature. He I
recognizes it as a legitimate body after having |
purged it according to his conception of his duty, i
The Committee of Elections in the House of As- i
sembly, embracing both the majority and minor-1
ity report, do not pretend to put any action of i
theirs, or any action of the Governor, upon the
ground that the freedom of election had been in-
terfered with in the various precincts. The Gov-
ernor himself, after the lapse of months, as late
as August, goes further on, and sets forth and
assigns other grounds; but he never once inti-
mates anything to affect the validity of the Legis-
lature upon the score of ruffianism. Here, then,
I say, is cotemporary evidence from numerous
and official quarters, alone capable of furnishing
it upon this subject, which allows of no question.
It leads us to one only conclusion, and that is,
that all these attempts to get up the notion of an
interruption of the freedom of those elections is
an afterthought intended to strengthen the excite-
ment which now exists, and to further agitate the
repose of the country.
To resume: the act organizing the Territory
of Kansas provided that a Governor should be
appointed—that a Legislature, consisting of two
Houses, one to be composed of thirteen and the
other of twenty-six members, should be elected
by the people—that the Governor should, previ-
ous to such election, cause a census to be taken—
the Territory to be divided into election districts—
provide rules and regulations for conducting such
elections—judges to preside thereat—and should
proclaim the time and places at which such elec-
tion should be held. All this was done. The
election was held—the returns were made to the
Governor of those having a majority of the votes,
and he granted certificates to more than two thirds
of those elected, and whom he considered legally
elected, and withheld them from those whom he
considered not entitled thereto. For these the
Governor ordered a new election, which was
held, and to those then elected he granted certifi-
cates, and by proclamation announced the time
and place at which those then elected should as-
semble. They convene; the Legislature organizes,
receives the Governor's message, and proceeds in
the execution of its duties. This body is repeat-
edly recognized as A legal body by the Governor,
and, finally, when'he announces toit his dismissal
from office, and that the duties of Governor there-
after devolved upon Secretary Woodson.
This Legislature, in accordance with the sug-
gestions of the executive message, proceeded to
provide a code of laws for the government of the
Territory. A law was enacted, regulating the
right of suffrage. It provided that " every free
white male eithenqfthe United State/," &c., being
an inhabitant oftheTerritory, and who shall have
paid a tax, &c., shall be allowed to vote; provided,
that no person convicted or adjudged criminally or
civilly of violating the fugitive slave law; and
provided, also, that when challenged he shall be
required to swear or affirm that he will sustain
said act and the act entitled " An act to organize
the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, and
refusing so to do, shall be allowed to vote; also
an act or acts providing for the protection of slave
property, &c , &c.
These acts necesoarily excluded from the polls
all those who denied the constitutionality of the
organic act—of the fugitive slave act—and of the
, legality of slavery; and the question with fanat-
; ical Abolition was as to the mode of getting clear
i of them. With a majority in this House, the
fanatics of Kansas assumed that any measure,
however incendiary and revolutionary, would
find its vindication here, and proceeded in their
i work of mischief and agitation.
j But to proceed: it was only ft few days after
Governor Reeder announced to tlie Legislature
; his removal from office, that the plan of revolu-
! tion began to unfold itself. A meeting was called
by " many voters," to assemble at Lawrence on
the 14th or 15th of August, 1855, " to take into
consideration the propriety of calling a territorial
convention, preliminary to the formation of a
State government, and other subjects of public
j interest." At that meeting the following pream-
; ble and resolutions were adopted with but one
1 dissenting voice:
" Whereas the people of Kansas Territory have been,
since its settlement, and now are, without any law-making
power."
Therefore, the call of a convention is proposed
with a view to immediate admission as a State
into the Union, &c. And this notable scheme is
| undertaken in the face of a territorial act pro
viding that the sense of the people shall be taken
on the 1st of October, 1856, as to the propriety ot
calling a convention for the purpose of framing
a State constitution, &c., and in the face of the
certainty that the supporters of the territorial
government would have nothing to do with any
revolutionary election or convention, and they,
the revolutionists, would have, everything their
own way.
On the 5th of September a revolutionary con-
vention assembled at the Big Springs, and among
other things resolved as follows:
" Resolved, That this convention, in view of its recent
repudiation of the acts of the so called Kansas Legislative
Assembly, respond most heartily to the call made by the
people's convention of the 14th ultimo, for a delegate con-
vention of the people of Kansas, to be held at Topeka, on
the 19th instant, to consider the propriety of the formation
of a State constitution, and such matters as may legitimately
come before it.
" Resolved, That we owe no allegiance or obedience to
the tyrannical enactments of this spurious Legislature;
that their laws have no validity or binding force upon the
people of Kansas; and thai every freeman among us is at
full liberty, consistently with his obligations as a citizen
and a man, to defy and resist them if he choose so to do.
" Resolved, That we will endure and submit to these laws
no longer than the best interests of the Territory require,
as the least of two evils, and will resist them to a bloody
issue as soon as we ascertain that peaceable remedies shall
fail, and forcible resistance shall furnish any reasonable
prospect of success ; and that in the mean time we recoiu
mend to our friends throughout die Territory the organiza-
tion and discipline of volunteer companies, and the pro-
curement and preparation of arms."
To carry out the policy here indicated, a
League was formed and printed, but kept secret
until obtained on the person of one George F.
Warren, called the "constitution and ritual of
the grand encampment and regiment of the Kan-
sas Legion, of Kansas Territory, adopted April
4, 1855." I cannot give more of this preciota
document than the obligation entered into by its
members, which is as follows:
"Obligation.—I, , in the most solemn
manner, here, in the presence of Heaven and these wit-
nesses, bind myself that I will never reveal, nor cause to
be revealed, either by word, look, or sign, by writma, print-
ing, engraving, painting, or in any manner whatsoever, any-
thing pertaining to this institution, save to persons duly
qualified to receive the same. I will never reveal the na-
ture of the organization, the place of meeting, the fact that
any person is a member of the same, or even the existence
of the organization, except to persons legally qualified to
receive the same. Should I at any time withdraw, or be
suspended or expelled from this organization. I will keep^
this obligation to the end of life. If any books, papers, or
moneys belonging to this organization be intrusted to my
care or keeping, I will faithfully and completely deliver up
