1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61 a
conferred by that act upon the Territory of Kan-
sas. Why, sir, can it be denied that the provis-
ions of that act endow the people of Kansas,
under the form nf a territorial government, with
all the essentials of an organized government?
We have there the division of their powers into
the three great departments—executive, legisla-
tive, and judicial. The powers conferred upon
those several departments are all laid down in the
organic law passed by the Congress of the United
States.
By that act we perceive the Legislature is
clothed with the sole and exclusive power of de-
terminingupon the qualifications of its own mem-
bers. Reasoning, then,from analogy, taking that
territorial act as the constitution of Kansas, look-
ing at the analogy between that territorial act and
the constitutions of the several States, and bearing
in mind the well-established doctrine that all de-
liberative bodies have the sole and exclusive right
to determine upon the qualifications of their own
members, I ask you—I ask any man who will
discard from his mind the heat of prejudice—I
ask any one who, moved by a just sense of the
grave responsibility of his position as a member
of this House, is determined, in spite of outside
pressure, to do what is right, to say that this power
lias not been fully delegated to and properly exer-
cised by that body.
The Territorial Legislature of Kansas determ-
ined upon the qualifications of its members. The
fiat of that body upon the case of each one of its
members was final and conclusive; and theie is
110 power here or elsewhere to deny him his seat
when once passed upon by his fellow-members.
This having been done, they proceeded to pre-
pare an act regulating the elections of that Terri-
tory. Under that law the incumbent claims to hold
his seat. It is now alleged that there was fraud
or compulsion resorted to in that election, and that
this body has a right to go beyond the record of
the proceedings of the Territorial Legislature of
Kansas, and ascertain whether there was fraud,
corruption, violence, or intimidation, and to de-
clare that the proceedings of that Legislature
were invalid and void.
Why, sir, the celebrated case of Fletcher vs.
Peck, alluded to by the gentleman from Delaware,
is perfectly conclusive, if any authorities were
needed. It is true that that was the decision of a
court, and the inquiry there was as to the power
of a court, strictly speaking, to pass upon the
acts of a State Legislature. But there is a striking-
analogy between the two cases. The gentleman
from Delaware says that, though we arc in fact a
legislative body, wo are in this matter discharg-
ing the functions of judges. I concur with linn,
and I say that, viewing ourselves in that light,
we should be governed by the same rules of pro-
ceeding that control courts of justice.
Upon a bare assumption that there has been
wrong done, it is alleged that those men holding
their seats in the Territorial Legislature were
illegally elected, and that we now have the power
to go beyond it. And some days since, when
this discussion was first opened, we cannot but
remember the contemptuous manner in which
the record of these proceedings was treated by a
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman-.]
When the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens,] being interrogated as to his authority
for alleging that there were laws in Kansas regu-
lating the elections of that Territory, produced
the Journal of the Legislature and the acts passed
by that body, he was asked, " Is that a book?
and should this House be governed by a book ?"
The gentleman from Pennsylvania seemed to
have forgotten the well-established rule laid down
by all the courts—a rule essential to the ends of
public justice—that a book purporting to be the
laws of a State, published by the authority of the
State, has to be considered m all courts as prima
facie evidence of the enactment of those laws.
Well, I take it that this rule applies with quite
as much force to the case of laws passed by a
Territorial Legislature as to laws passed by or-
ganized States; and inasmuch as that is prima
facie proof, according to the principle laid down
by the gentleman from Delaware, which, in my
judgment, cannot be controverted, our inquiry is
stopped at that point. It seems to me that the
matter under investigation, so far as that ques-
tion is concerned, is entirely closed against this
House.
In reference to the demand made by the com-
mittee for power to send for persons and papers;
why, if any man will take the trouble to look at
the provisions of the act of 1851, providing for
the mode of taking testimony in cases of contested
elections, and then look at those provisions of
the territorial act of Kansas which declare in
express terms that all the laws of the United States
not locally inapplicable to said Territory shall
be binding and governing there, I think he will
at once admit that the act of 1851 applies quite
as fully and completely to the case of a contested
election in a Territory as to that of a contested
election in a State. And the gentleman from
Delaware very fairly remarked that this view was
taken by the contestant [Mr. Reeder] himself,
as shown by one of the papers on the Speaker's
table. Now, if the act of 1851 be applicable to
this case, I ask, what necessity can there be for
going still further and authorizing this committee
to send for persons and papers, for the purpose
of inquiring into these proceedings in Kansas?
Why, sir, can there be one single object attained
by such proceeding? Can it have any other effect
than to add fuel to that excitement which has so
long disturbed the popular mind of this country,
and which in the end must bring us to the time
when domestic fury and fierce civil strife shall
cumber all the parts of the Republic?
Itseems to me,Mr. Speaker, that mistakes have
been made on both sides of this discussion. In
my judgment, there was no occasion for anything
like heat or excitement in this debate. It should
have presented itself to our minds merely as a
legal question in regard to the power of this
House. The dignity of the House was involved.
The dignity of our form of Government, the re-
spect due to the fundamental law organizing the
Territory of Kansas—the fact that Kansas had
gone through all the forms of a governmental or-
ganization—that she had been divided into the
respective governmental departments—that there
were officers there having power to discharge all
the functions pei tabling to their various subdi-
visions of governmental power—enjoined upon
us a calm examination of the question presented.
And it seems to me now that to carry out the will
of the majority of the committee, and endow them
with the power that they ask, could have no other
effect than to add fuel to the excitement now con-
trolling the minds and disturbing the quiet of our
countrymen.
An additional remark or two on the first branch
to which I called the attention of the House. I
put this question to the members: If we go into
this matter to subserve the wishes of Governor
Reeder, and of the majority of the committee, I
ask citi bono ?—who is to be benefited by it' It is
perfectly apparent that Mr. Reeder can never get
his seat in this proceeding. In the first place, he
does notpresent himself here in the light of acan-
didate. In the next place, he was not a candidate
at that election.
Now, suppose thatit were made perfectly clear
to this House that a very largo number of illegal
votes were received at the election which gave
Mr. Whitfield his supposed majority, and that a
large number of legal votes were rejected; that
would, ill nowise, affect his right to a seat in this
House, because, in such case, to change the re-
sult it must be shown that the rejection of legal
votes, or the reception of illegal votes, would have
changed the majority. In other words, there
must have been a conflict, at the ballot-box between
claimants for the same seat; and, if that is not
apparent from the facts of the case, there is, in
no just view of the term, a contestation. Now,
there is no pretense by Governor Reeder that such
is the case. He was not a candidate in that elec-
tion. If I mistake not, General Whitfield had no
opposition. Then, I care not if he received only
forty legal votes, and if all the rest were illegal
votes; for still, in the absence of any proof going
to show that General Whitfield had an opponent
in that election, and that by the reception of these
illegal votes, or the rejection of legal ones, the op-
ponent had been defeated of his right, and had
been deprived of the majority which he would
otherwise have hod, the result cannot be changed,
and the action of the House cannot exclude the
sitting member from a seat on this floor.
Now, I submit these plain propositions, and then
give way. I had not anticipated the excitement
which has pervaded so large a body of this House
on this question. I prefer judging of -things as
they come up. Like my friend from Delaware*
I prefer, as in a court of justice,.to abide by the
record, and to put a man out of court when, by
the rules of law, ho has no standing in court, and
to deny him a hearing when he<attemp.ts. to. sus-
tain a plea of nul tiel record by stating extrane-
ous matters, and of which a court, by the well
established rales of law, can take no cognizance.
It was my purpose, sir, to have enlarged on
these npints; but on listening to the argument
made by the gentleman from Delaware, I found
that he was stating the same propositions' and
reaching the same conclusions, certainly with
more clearness and more force of argument than
I could possibly claim; and I felt embarrassed in
attempting to follow him at all, because I was
assured that I could add but little, if anything, to
what he said in the hearing of the House. It
seems to me that he presented a clear case, and
in the only aspect in which this House can prop-
erly regard it; and I think that, if his arguments
were listened to as they deserved to be—if the
points he made were considered by members of
the House—if gentlemen upon this floor are dis-
posed to follow the straightforward, open, and
direct line—if they will guard against sectional
bias, and feel it to be their duty as patriots to
avoid giving any new stimulus to public excite-
ment on this question, there can be no doubt as
to the result of the case. -
Mr. CRAWFORD obtained the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I hope the gentle-
man from Georgia will yield to a motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. CRAWFORD. With a view of allowing
the gentleman from Alabama to move an adjourn-
ment, I yield the floor, having no disposition to
trespass on the time of the House now, if it be
disposed to adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, (at half past two.) I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask whether, when the
House meets after adjournment, the gentleman
from Georgia will not be entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. He will be entitled to it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. With that understanding,
I yield it.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman from Ala-
bama withdraw his motion to adjourn, so that a
few bills can be reported ?
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, busi-
ness can be done pending the motion to adjourn.
Mr. HARRISON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury relative to a proposed addition to the
Cincinnati custom-house; which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
DECISIONS OF AUDITOR OF THE TREASURY.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the consent of the
House to take from the Speaker's table, and put
upon its passage, a Senate resolution, to which,
if the House will allow me a moment's explana-
tion, I presume there will be no objection.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was taken up from the Speaker's table, and read
a first and second time by its title, as follows:
Joint resolution providingfor the final adjustment
in certain cases of appeals from the decision made
by the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department.
Mr. LETCHER. The necessity for the passage
of the resolution arises from this fact: It will be
recollected by many members, that prior to the
appointment of Mr. Whittlesey to the place ho
now holds as Comptroller of the Treasury, he
occupied the place of Sixth Auditor of the Post
Office Department. While there, many cases
came before him which he decided adversely, and
which, upon new testimony,have since been de-
cided by the present Auditor in the same way. By
the present law, cases of appeal from the Sixth
Auditor's office must be passed upon by the
Compti oiler. It is a delicate matterfor Mr. Whit-
tlesey, as Comptroller, to decide upon those cases
which he has already passed on as Auditor; and
therefore the present law has been proposed.
There is a precedent for the action that is now
proposed in the case of Walcott, who was trans-
ferred to the Comptroller's office. A joint resolu-
tion was passed then in reference to his particular
case, in all respects, such as this is.
