604
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GWB&.
[March 18,
34tA Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs-Mr. Smith, of Virginia.
Ho. of Reps.
tlie same to my successor in office, or any one legally au-
thorized to receive them. I will never knowingly propose
a person for membership in this order who is not in favor
of making Kansas a free Stale, and Whom I feel satisfied
wtll exert (lis entire influence to bring about this result. I
will support, maintain, and abide by any honorable move-
ment made by the organization to secure this great end
which will not conflict with the laws of the country and the
Constitution of the United States. I will unflkichingly vote
for and support the candidates nominated biy tiiia organiza-
tion in preference to any and all. others.
" To *11 of this obligation I do most solemnly promise
and affirm, binding myself under the penalty of beinR ex-
pelled from this organization, of having my name published
to the several territorial encampments as a perjurer before
Heaven and a traitor to my country, of passing through life
scorned and reviled by man, frowned on by devils, for-
saken by angels, and abandoned by God."
Without dwelling more upon this subject, suf-
fice it to say that a convention was held, a con-
stitution framed and adopted, elections held, &c.
In the mean time, however, an election was held
on the 1st of October, 1855, for a territorial Dele-
gate to Congress under a territorial law, at which
General "Whitfield received about two thousand
nine hundred votfes, and was, in fact, elected with-
out opposition. On the 9th of the same month,
the revolutionists, without other law than that of
voluntary association, elected Governor Reeder
without opposition, with no clearly ascertained
vote, but undoubtedly less than that received by
General Whitfield. Here is the issue. General
Whitfield claims to represent "law and order,"
eign people,) that we were assembled here under
specific grants, and clear and well-defined limita-
tions. The only power which breathes life into
the Committee of Elections is to be found in the
j fifth section of the first article of the Constitution,
I whiclf declares that " Each House shall be the
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifications
of its own members." ThiB is limited, not unlim-
ited power. The House is confined to three in-
quirtes—the elections, returns, and qualifications
of its own members.
• Now, sir, what is an election ? Webster tells
ub that it is—"1st. The act of choosing." " 7th.
The public choice of officers." This presupposes,
necessarily, a law providing for and regulating
such election, with which we can have nothing
more to do than to ascertain who has a majority
of the duly-qualified votes fairly collected ac-
cording to preexisting law.
And what are the " returns ?" Webster says
" to report officially. A report or numerical
statement; as the returns of an election." This
also presupposes an existing law, and the whole
of this power is exhausted when it is ascertained
that the " returns" are made by those duly au-
thorized to make them, and present clearly and
truly the " elections" actually held as provided
by law.
And the " qualifications" of members furnish
the next grant of power, and what does it imply ?
Governor Reeder is admitted to represent" re vo- !j Why, dearly a preexisting law, declaring, as
At the meeting of Congress, General Whitfield
takes his seat without opposition, and Governor
Reeder petitions to be put in his place. In his
petition he sets forth, among other grounds, the
following, which, being all that really engages
the attention of the House, are alone presented:
" That he claims to be entitled to represent the said Ter-
ritory in the Thirty-Fourth Congress as. congressional Del-
gate, to the exclusion and in lieu of Hon. J. W. Whitfield,
the sitting Delegate, upon the following state of facts: .
" The said J. W. Whitfield, as yoar memorialist is in'
Weoster defines it, a "legal power or requisite;
as the qualifications of electors."
_ When, therefore, a question arises as to the
right to a seat in this Hall, we can only inquire
for the man iaving the legal qualification, duly
returned as having received bona fide a majority
of legal votes; and to such an one we haye no
alternative but to adjudge the seat. Is it not
wonderful, then, that a committee of this House,
acting under the clause of the Constitution to
which I have, referred, .shall gravely proclaim
poses td show was absolutely void, being without any vaHd
low, or the will of the people, or qualified voters, to author-
ize or to support it.
"That the law under .which said pretended election was
held emanated from a legislative assembly which the people
and qualified voters of said Territory protest arid declare,
through your memorialist, were sot elected by them, but
Imposed upon them by the forocpf superior ^umbers of
non-residents, who could pass no law that would be bind-
ing on them, and whose election and action should not be
sanctioned or recognized by this House, because they are
utterly inconsistent with the idea.of republican gavArn-
ment, and destructive of t&e plainest aad most uatbeniabie
civil and political rights."
It will be observed tliat Governor Reeder takes
the ground, for the first time that the Legislature
which had been elected under his proclamation,
in accordance with his rules and regulations, arid
under judges of his appointment, and to which
he had addressed his first message, .was not j
elected according to law, but by the superior
force of non-residents. H^d this been true, it i
was his duty, as he claimed, to set all such elec- j
tions aside, and order new ones. Had such duty
been neglected, it was the privilege of all inter-
ested to contest the legality of such elections
before the Territorial Legislature. And at the >
■election, underthe territorial law, of a Delegate j
to Congress, had Reeder obtained a singte Vote, |
and an armed force or mob from an adjoining ■
State had prevented a free election, this House i
•of Representatives, auder an explicit grant of I
power, could have rightftilly net aside the elec- !
ta n, and have ordered a new one to be held,
inis, h&wever, would notanswer the ends- and '
promote the views of the re volution iets, as I pro-
•pose to show before I close my remarks. <
But the petition being presented, it is referred '
*> the Committee of Privileges and Elections,
which duly makes its report. In that report the 1
most startling- doctrines are promulgated. It fttllv '
recognizes in the House of Representatives alone
the right to set -aside the Territorial Legislature
altogether; and boldly claims for this House the
■alarming doctrine that it " is bound by no rule
but its own sense of right and conscientious dis-
cretion."
I had always been taught to believe, Mr.
Speaker, that we had in this country no omnip-
otent power, (unless, incteed, it be .in the sover-
of.right and- conscientious discretion ?s'
Th^s extraordinary doctrine is not new. The
great infidel .abolition agitator, Wendell Phillips,
on the eveping of the 25th of January, 1856, to
an applauding audience of Boston, said: "We
are to judge of ail things in virtue of the sov-
ereignty of tbe individual conscience." Or, per-
haps, regardless. of those limitations by which
the Constitution has intended to restrain us to
the exercise ,,of specific grants of power, the
committee has resolved to claim the omnipotent
power of the British Parliament, whose " dignity
and importance are preserved by keeping their
privileges indefinite.
Now, I enter my,solemn prptest against this 1
as a most, alarming doctrine, t say that we have
no power to- be exercised hy us in this House,
except as a .grant, and which is not under re-
strictions, and regulations. I say,,we are not
agents for any purpose unless under the recog-
nized authorities and laws of the country; and I
say, that the doctrine which is adverted to in that
port, and wl>ich hps been proclaimed .in various
portions of this Hall, is full of alarming, danger,
and ought to be repudiated and repelled, under
all awl every circumstance. We are here, not as
moral hut as_political pgeots, hound by our con-
stitutional duties., and,bound to^ptifine ouraelves
to the Wws which' regulate and adjust them.
We are bound—-^ays Mr. Phillips and says tjhe
report—-to judge all things in virtue of ,the sover-
eignty of the individual conscience! Now, this
doctripe I cannot too severely condemn. I can-
not too seriously and too impressively admonish
this House agaipst its dangerous character. It
is a doctrine which is .spreading. It is a doctrine
which has found its way into high places. It is
a doctrine which.is disorganizing society. It is a
doctrine which .makes Massachusetts declare that
•the fugitive slave act is unconstitutional. It is a
doctrine which makes t,he judges of Wisconsin
undertake tQ nullify the law of Congress. It is
a doctrine which is insinuating itself into all the
ramifications and interests of society; and it is a
.doctrine, therefore, which every conservative man
is bound by his allegiance to the glorious char-
acter of our institutions, jtnd by his devotion to
-human liberty, to investigate and condemn.
But having taken this position, to wit, that
this House " is bound by no rule but its own
sense of right and conscientious discretion," the
committee proceed in their report to make their
statement of this case, and say:
"The relative position of the contesting parties, and the
disputed questions of fact, appear in the memorial of the
contestant, who denies the entire validity of the election
law under which the sitting Delegate obtained tlie certificate
fit the Governor of the Territory. This denial is based on
the alleged fact, that the Legislature which passed it wag
Imposed upon the people by a foreign invading force, who
marched into the Territory at the election, and seized
upon tlie powers of government which Congress had pro-
vided for the actual inhabitants."
And adds:
" We understand the sitting Delegate to deny these as-
lerted focts."
Here the broad ground is stated, and sustained
in the report of the committee, that we have not
only the power to judge of "the elections, re-
turns, ana qualifications" of our own members,
which is admitted, " but that we have the right to
judge qf the elections, returns, and qualifications of
members of other legislative bodies," which is earn-
estly denied.
It must not be overlooked that the Nebraska-
Kansas act is to those Territories their organic
law, their constitution prescribing to them the
powers they may exercise, and the limits to
which they are restrained, precisely as much so,
and to the full extent, as the constitution of Vir-
ginia is,a grant and a restraint to her authorities.
True, the power to modify the constitution of
those Territories is in Congress, while the power
to modify the constitution of Virginia is in her
people; in neither case most clearly is it in*this
House. What would be thought of an attempt
to set aside a'State election, upon the allegation
or the proQf that the law under which the elec-
tion was held was passed by a Legislature fraud-
ulently elected? And yet that, so far as this
Home_ is concerned, is, in principle, precisely
what is now proposed.
The committee says:
The objection to tins investigation, on tlie ground that
n/lntABfant t n *L.. 1. 11. " _
trineof estoppel
is pronounced by all judges' arid lawyers to'M'an odtous one,
even in courts of justice bound down by strict rules of law,
Which. ,tbey cannot transgress, and is never treated with
favor. In this House, which is bound by no rule but its
own sense of right and conscientious discretion, it would
be most singular, at least, to select one of the most obnox-
ious dogmas of the common law—one not binding upon us,
and which we can adopt or reject at pleasure—one which
the courts have desired to get rid of, and make it, unneces-
sarily and gratuitously, the means of shutting out the light
from ourselves and the peojSle, and of effectually smother-
ing an investigation m facts whteh have convulsed th«
country."
Now, I insist that you cannot look into the law,
but you can look at the action under the law. You
have no right, under your power to look into the
election returns and qualifications of your mem-
bers, to go back and inquire into the law itself
Gentlemen talk very loudly and contemptuously
about the doctrine of estoppel. I maintain that
to be a most salutary and conservative doctrine
What stays the madness of northern fanaticism
now? TI>e Constitution. What is it that re-
at£puw the rage which seems to stimulate the con-
duct of many worthy and excellent men! It ia
the estoppel which is fourtd in the Constitution.
What is it that labors (.feebly, it may be) to con-
fine us within appropriate and prescribed limits?
It is the estoppel of the Constitution What is
it which restrains a man from committing mur-
der? It is the estoppel of the. law which hangs
liim for the crime. What is it that restrains
men in the whole social system? It is thg es-
toppel which comes from healthy and sound
legislation, and from a sound and Tieajthy ad-
ministration of that legislation. Sir, if it were
not for estoppels we should be a set of wild and
furious savages, resting everything on might
and power, and not upon the mild and beneficent
.influences of Christian legislation. The doctrine
of estoppel is not one to be scoffed at. But it is
always scoffed at when it undertakes to stop the
hand of the wrong-doer, and restrain man within
the limits prescribed to him.
But the idea of tbe committee that " The doc-
trine of. estoppel is applicable only to matters
of private right, and all attempts to apply it to
