1006.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2215
California now awaiting settlement is stated at .$1,600,000. |
Congress ha> appropriated .$924,000. There are now pend- j
inp bek>r<; Ooiigre*- ^.miliar claims of the Territories Of !
Wa.^hrngton. Ojegon, and Utah, besides scores of smaller j
claims of vaii'ju-, classes."
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out section twenty-two,'
which is:
Skc. 22. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sura of
$■900,000, or as much thereof as may be necessaiy, be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the construction
of a military road from El Pas>o, on the Rio Giande, to Fort
Yuuia, at the mouth of the Gila river, to be expended un-
der the direction of the Secretary of War, pursuant to con-
tracts to be made by him.
Mr. WELLER. That is provided for in
another bill.
Mr. PEARCE. Then there is no objection to
its being stricken out.
Mr. WELLER. Let it be stricken out. It is
already provided for.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out section twenty-three,
which is:
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
dutv of the President of the United States to cause to be
established and maintained, at convenient distances on said
road, where it may pass through the country occupied by
Indians, such military posts as maybe necessary for the
general protection of said road.
Mr. WELLER. It is a part of the same
provision, with the previous section; let it be
stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As we are now through
with the amendments of the Committee on
Finance, I "feel it to be my duty to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the nineteenth section. It
is a very important one. It is the most impor-
tant one in the bill. The first clause of it pro-
poses to add twenty-five per cent, to the pay of
all the officers of the Army. I agree to that; j
they are insufficiently paid now; but it contains
a proviso to which I do object. The proviso is:
That there shall be added to the corps of engineers one j
brigadier gcneial, to be chief engineer, to be selected from ;
'.he corps-of engineers, and to have the tame pay and emol- '
umeiits as. the other brigadier generals of the Army. That
there >ball be ah-o added to said corps, by regular promo-
tion of the officers now belonging to it, and fioin *uch senior
graduates ■>*' the Military Academy as shall from year to
j ear be recommended lor that purpose by the academic
board, one colonel, two lieutenant colonels, lour major?,
and twelve captains; and that hereafter all the officers of
engineers of, and below, the grade of colonel shall have the i
«ame pav and allowances as the officers of the cavalry !
cmn. and, when m command of separate works, shall be j
placed on the same footing, a? to their allowances, as the .
commanders of posts garrisoned with troops. ,
This IS a partial reorganization of the Army. !
It makes a large addition to the engineer corps. ,
Why should we increase the engineer corps, |
provide for promotions in it, and add to the j
number of its officers, and not make the same j
provision for the topographical corps? It may I
be said these engineer officers have charge of i
fortifications and military roads. Well, sir, the j
officers of the topographical corps are equally j
meritorious; their labors are equally .onerous; ,
they are employed on boundary surveys; and ;
they are on the frontiers also. I think, if we are j
to reorganize the engineer corps, we ought to !
make a similar provision for the topographical i
C°Alr'. CASS. I had my eye on this section, and ;
should have introduced it to the notice of the Sen.
ate, if the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania J
had not done so. This is a curious omnium gath-!
erwa of a bill. I do not understand the mechan-;
ism of it. Now, I appeal to the honorable Sen- ;
ater at the head of the Military Committee, if j
almost atmidnight, on this last night of the session,
it is proper to enter into the consideration of ques- i
tions so deeply affecting the Army as this section |
d°Mr WELLER. Allow me to explain how it j
comes that the bill is in this shape. It is a mis-
cellaneous bill, I admit; but that arose from this
fact: the Senate decided to make no amendments
to the regular Army appropriation bill, except to
strike from it the Kansas clause. The Commit-
tee on Military Affairs always have amendments
to oflei to the Army bill when it is presented; but
instead of presenting those amendments to the
Army bill; they were induced to offer them as a
separate bill.
Mr. CASS. This, then, is a supplementary-
Army bill, which ought merely to contain appro-
priations in addition to those in the regular Army
appropriation bill; but it contains nearly every-
thing touching almost every Department. As the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania has stated,
here is a provision for the reorganization of the
engineer corps, and the creation of a new brigadier
general. We do not want a new brigadier gen-
eral. You passed a law for the creation of one
last year, and the office is not yet filled. Here
are twelve captains added to that corps, and a
number of other officers; here are changes in the
pay of the officers, and in everything relating to
the corps. I appeal again to the Senator from
California, if, on this last night of the session,
with the little prospect there is of this bill passing,
it is proper to enter into the consideration of such
subjects? No man can understand me as being
inimical to the Army; but the very point suggested
by the honorable Senator from- Pennsylvania is
the one that occurs to me: why do you select
the engineer corps proper, and that alone ? Why
do you exclude the topographical corps, equally
meritorious, equally in the service of the country,
equally educated at West Point, equally co mpe tent
to discharge any duties, when they are needed by
the War Department, wherever required ? I want
to know why one is excluded from the benefit of
the provision which is allowed to the other ? I
should like to hear some reason for this change.
I cannot conceive any at present. I do not believe
the good of the service requires this increase; but
I am certain that, if the one corps is to be thus
favored, common justice requires that the other
should be, too; as they are under the same De-
partment and on the same footing.
Mr. SEWARD. Allow me to ask whether
this is recommended by the Secretary of War?
Mr. WELLER. I do not know whether it is
recommended by the Secretary of War or not.
From a conversation I had with him, I under-
stood him to be opposed to the increase of the
engineer corps; but there is a statement m the
report of the chief of engineers to the Secretary
of War showing its necessity. He says:
" In my last annual report I'urecd the necessity of an
inciease of the corps of engineers, m order to affoni tlie
ndiuber of officer* indispensable to the execution, m a
proper and economical manner, of the duties belonging to
the corps. That report contains some geneial remarks
touching that riece ity. I propose now to demonstrate the
present deficiency by a statement specii'vins! tin* officers
now employed, and those needed 111 the several operations
and duties under this Depaitmem.
"A similar statement was communicated, with your
approbation, to (he Militaiy Committees of the two Houses
ot Congress at the late session."
Mr. SEWARD. So I understood.
Mr. WELLER. Then he proceeds to show
the engineer officers now employed, forty-four tn
number, and the addition required, twenty-iive;
and he adds:
" In the above statement, the number of officers require
for a proper execution of the duties confided to this branch
of the militaiy service, is placed at an absolute minimum.
These engineers are not required for your river
and harbor improvements, nor is it designed by
him that they shall be used in the construction
of military roads. I have said 011 former occa-
sions that I would sooner trust those improve-
ments to the hands of civilians, and I would not
vote for the increase of the engineer corps beyond
the extent that is indispensably necessary for mili-
tary purposes—I mean strictly military purposes.
I am satisfied, from the report of the chief of the
engineer corps, that this number is necessaiy,
strictly for military purposes, without any reier-
I ence whatever to your harbors, your rivers, or
other improvements. I have been accustomed to
rely upon that Department of the Government
; which has charge of these works for the mform-
! ation necessary to determine me as to the man-
ner in which 1 shall vote. _ I know that my dis-
tinntished friend from Michigan has had expe-
rience in military affairs; but notwithstanding the
unlimited confidence f have in his juaament, 1
would rather rely on the information of those
who have charge of this specific Department of
the Government, than his. They have satisfied
me that this increase is necessary, strictly tor
military purposes, and I am willing to give it._
Mr. YULEE. 1 desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the committee, if he has not a letter from
the Secretary of War on the subject. I ask, if
he have one, to let it be read.
Mr. CASS. While the Senator is looking rfor
the letter, I will say that" I feel authorized to re-
mark, that the Secretary of War is opposed to
the increase of one of these corps, unless the
other is increased.
Mr. WELLER. I send the letter to the Chair,
which I ask to have read. *
The Secretary read, as follows:
War Department,
Washington, August 0,1856.'
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of this date, inclosing copy of an amendment
which you inform me the Committee on Military Affairs
contemplate adding to the Army appropriation bill, and in
relation to which you ask my opinion.
My views will be found fully set forth in my annual re-
port of December 4,1&54, in which recommendations were
made for modifications in the organization of the Army}
and if I were now to propose a plan for the reorganization
of the engineer corps, I should feel bound to include in
such plan the corps of topographical engineers and ord-
nance, these being the three corps of the Aimy on which
are devolved the more strictly scientific branches of the
military service. The small size of our Army in proportion
to the resources and power of our country fortunately en-
ables the Government to give to all of its officers who pass
thi ough the grade of cadet the same general education; and
hence it arises that in our Army more, perhaps, than in any
other, it would be practicable to dispense with special corps.
It is hazarding little to^say that, in every important com-
mand, one or more officers would be found competent to
perform the ordinary duties of an engineer. The higher and
more difficult functions of an engineer, requiring, beyond
elementary preparation) much experience and constant
study, demands a class of officers whose lives are given to
that special branch of the military profession, but I have
not peiceived the necessity for the great increase proposed
in the coips of engineers, to wit: of twenty officers; and
therefore it will be found, that m my annual report of De- .
cember, 1855, 1 did not propose the adoption of the urgent
recommendation of the chief engineer, found in his report
of November '24, 1855, with a tabular statement, setting
forth in detail the purposes for which the additional officers
were required.
The proposition in the draft of the amendment submitted,
to increase the compensation of officer* of engineers by
giving them the "fame pay and allowances as the officers
of the cavalrv corps, and, when in command of separate
works, to be placed on the same footing as to their allow-
ances as the commanders of posts garrisoned with troops,"
would, in the lirst instance, woik but little change, as offi-
cers of engineers and cavalry receive now the same pay
and allowances, except that captains and lieutenants of
cavalry have allowance* for two horses, when actually
kept m service; hut those of engineers one. In the second
instance, if it be advisable to allow double rations to com-
manders of posts, it must be on the theory that the position
I entails additional expend, and tins is not applicable to an
j officer detached from the troops and employed in the con-
stiuction of works.
Very rospectfullv, voiir obedient servant,
I JEFF'N DA VIS, -Secretary of War.
\ Hon. John B. Weller, Chairman Committee on Military
Affairs, Senate.
Mr. CASS. That letter supports precisely
what I stated, that the Secretary of War was op-
posed to the increase of one of these corps at the
expense of the other, and did not believe the in-
crease here called for to be necessary. Why, sir,
for thirty years we have-had an engineer corps;
and we passed through the Mexican war, when
j we were going on with fortifications to an extent
ten times greater than now, and no increase was
called for. It is not possible that this great nu-
merical increase of the corps of engineers can bo
called for by the public service. The Secretary
has Tery correctly stated, in respect to giving
double rations, that there is nothing demanded
of an engineer officer, superintending the erection
! of a fort, requiring such compensation. This,
' and other provisions, want more mature consid-
1 eration. It seems that the committee first determ-
S ined on this course as .necessary, and then ap-
| plied to the Secretary -of War. 1 think it would
; have been better if they had not presented it.
repeat, there can be no necessity for so large a
1 numerical increase of the engineer corps as that
I which is proposed.
i Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I know the expe-
rience of the honorable Senator from Michigan,
and his ability in connection with these subjects,
but I should like to know whether I understood
him when he was first up to say, that nothing
was necessary to be done for the reorganization
or relief of the engineer corps ? Did he not say
that there was no necessity for another brigadier
eeneral' He thought it was a partial reorgani-
sation of the Army, and that the public service
did not require any such increase of the engineer
C°Sr". CASS. The honorable Senator misunder-
I said this was no time and no place
j[ said there was no 22eed
stood me
! to go into the subject.
. for an additional brigadier general, and I say so
I now. You have got on the statute-book a law
