1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61£
relation to the preservation of Cape Cod harbor;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to he printed.
Also, resolutions in relation to French spolia-
tions, and concerning naturalization, ana the
nationalizing of the General Government; which
were laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced bills of
the following titles; which were severally read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce :
A bill for the improvement of Sodus Harbor,
Cayuga County, Now York; and
A bill for the improvement of Sodus Harbor,
"Wayne County, New York.
Mr. HOWARD, by unanimous eon^eot, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
making a grant of land to the State of Michigan
to aid in the construction of a lailroad from De-
troit to Lake Superior; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. SANDIDGE, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced bills of
the following titles; which were severally read
twice, and refcried as indicated below :
A bill to revive and continue in force for a lim-
ited period 44 An act in relation to donations of
land to certain pcrsonsin the State of Arkansas,*'
approved 30th of August, 1850. Referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
A bill extending the privilege of the preemp-
tion act of the 4th of September, 1841, in certain
cases. Referred to the Committee on Public-
Lands.
A bill to extend the right of preemption granted
by the act of March 2, 1855. Referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
THE KANE EXPEDITION.
Mr. TYSON. I ask the unnnimous consent
of the House to present resolutions poss^d by
the Legislature of Pennsylvania, " of thanks to
Dr. Kane, his officers and'crew, for the success-
ful result of the recent expedition to the Polar
region."
No objection being made, the resolutions were
received and road.
Mr. TYSON. I ask that they may bo laid on
the table and printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The resolutions
do not propose any action by this House. They
arc merely the resolutions of a State Legislature,
which pertain to no action of this House, and I
cannot see what possible business we have with
them. We might as well receive any other resolu-
tion which a Legislature might pass as these. If
gentlemen of the House desire to compliment Dr.
Kane, they can introduce an original resolution j
and pass that; but it seems to me that we should
not become the mere registers of the compliment-
ary resolutions of State Legislatures.
Mr. TYSON. The Legislature itself asks that
they may be presented to this House, and I have
merely complied with that request. I ask the
adoption of the preamble and resolution which
I send to the Clerk's desk.
The resolution was read as follows:
Whereas, the intrepid conduct and ^eicntific zeal of Dr.
Ehsha Kent Kane, in Inflate expedition to the Polar regions
in search of Sir John Franklin, aided by the ofiiccisand
men under liis command, have placed ins name m the fh&t
rank among Arctic ovploreisj and whereas the observa-
tions and discoveries he has made aie important addition?
to geographical and meteorological science, and valuable in
the light which they shed upon the emrents of the oecan,
upon the mysterious changes in the magnetic needle, and
upon the physical laws of tln^ globe; and whereas the nar-
rative of these heroic labors and their magnificent results
should be widely diffused, as well to encouiage the «pmt
of scientific research, among our countiymen, as to expicss
the proiomid sense we entertain of the merits and services
of the explore:: Therefore,
Re<olveily That the Committee on the Library be instructed
to mquue into the chaiacter of the book about to be iv-ued
by Dr. Kane, as to letter-press, illustrations, and binding,
and leport their opinion of the expediency of ordering a
certain number of copies theieof for use and distribution.
Mr. LETCHER. T object to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the resolutions of the State of Pennsylvania were
admitted without objection. A motion is made
that they be laid upon the table and printed. If
no objection be made, that disposition will be made
of them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If they are merely
resolutions of a State Legislature, which are to
be put upon our Journal and registered here, I
object. If they call for no action of this House,
we have nothing to do with them.
The SPEAKER. The question will then be
put upon the motion.
Mr. JONES. Have they been received ?
The SPEAKER. They have been rcceivcd
and read.
Mr. JONES. I understood that they were read
merely for information.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so under-
stand it.
Mr. .TONES. Is there another case of a reso-
lution passed by a State Legislature, having no
relation to the action of this House, being brought
here to be put upon our Journals?
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to make an inquiry, as
the House seems to be in a little doubt about the
state of this matter. Inasmuch as no action of
this House was proposed by the resolutions, I
wish to inquire if there is anything in the resolu-
tions themselves which contemplated their being
presented to the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
there is.
Mr. HAVEN. Tf there is any request of that
kind, I would grant it to a sovereign State, as I
would if any action of this House was contem-
plated by them; but if these are simple resolu-
tions of a Siate, referring to no action here, there
is no reason why they should be presented, unless
the resolutions themselves contemplated such a
disposition of them. If they did, I would not
object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
there is such a request contained in the resolu-
tions.
Mr. JONES. We might, with the same pro-
priety, take the message of a Governor of a State
and have it spread upon our Journals. What
would be the ditl'erence? "We might take one of
their acts and have it read and placed upon our
Journal. It is a bad precedent to establish, and
it certainly is not very complimentary to Dr.
Kane. If the House wants to pass a resolution
complimentary to him, it is, as 1 said before,
right and proper to introduce it.
Mr. STEPHENS. Allow me to ask a question.
Do I undci>Umd that the Legislature do not ask
in the resolutions that they should be presented
here?
Mr. TYSON. They do ask it.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the Legislature requests
it, I would receive them.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask that the last resolu-
tion be again read.
The resolution was read accordingly.
Mr. JONES. I did not before hoar the last
resolution read, or I should not have objected. I
withdraw my objection.
The resolutions were then laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
ALDEN'S INDEX.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the 9 udiciary to introduce the following
joint resolution, to which I think there will be
no objection:
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representatives oj
the United Stales of America in Coazrais assembled, That
the Secretary ol' the Interior be, and he id hoieby, author
ized and instructed, to purchase from the authoi and pub-
lisher thereof, a f-ullicjcnt number of copies of u Alden's
Index to the Repoiis of the Supieine Court of the United
States, " in three volumes, to di->ti ibutc a-, follows, \ i■/.:
To the Pi evident, heads of Departments, and heads of
bureaus, each one copy,foi the use of those oifiecrs and tiiei r
siiecefj'Ois m oriirc.
To the jurtuei of the supreme, circuit and district courts
of the Unned State*, of the eouits ofthe United States in
the Terntotnv, and to the distnet attorney* of the United
States, each one copy, for the use ot tho>e officers and their
successors in office.
To the legations and consulships ol the United State*,
each onecop\,for the u&c of &aid legations and consul-
ship*.
To the Lilnnry of the Senate, twenty-five copies, to the
Libraiy ot the Ilou&e or'Repres Mitativo fltrv copies: for The
use of the committee'-' of the Senate and flou^o ni Repre-
sentatives respectively: Provided, The price per volume
bhtiii not exceed live dollar*.
Mr. CR.AIGE. I object.
Mr. GP^EEjNWOOD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the improvement, of the
navigation, and to continue the survey of White
river, in the States of Arkansas and Missouri;
which was read a first and sccond time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
And then, on motion by Mr. GALLOWAY,
(at aquarter past three o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned till Monday next, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 10, 1856.
The Journal of Thurs'day was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, showing,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, the
number of messengers, laborers, and employed,
other than clerks, in the War Department, and
the compensation allowed to each; which, on mo-
tion by Ivl r. Adams, was referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
showing, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, the number of messengers, laborers, and
employes, other than clerks, in the Navy Depart-
ment, and the compensation allowed to each;
which, on motion by Mr. Adams, was referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
ofthe Senate, copies of the instructions given to
Commodore McCauley, while recently and tempo-
rarily in command of the Home squadron; which,
on motion by Mr. Fish, was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed;
SAMUEL S. WOOD AND SON.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter from the chief clerk of the Court
of Claims, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, the memorial and papers
of Samuel S. Wood & Son, which were referred
to the court by an order of the Senate of the 3d
of March.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that those papers be
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BRODHEAD. These memorialists, I un-
derstand, present a claim for damages for the de-
struction of property at Grey town by the United
States sloop-of-war Cyaue, under the command of
Commander Hollins. I suggest that the proper
reference of the memorial would bo the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, if the Senator from
ATew York concurs in opinion with me, I should
be pleased if he would modify his motion so as
to refer the papers to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. SEWARD. The claim, as I understand
it, ill the shape in which it is presented by the
petitioners, would control that matter. They
suppose they have a legal, or at any rate a just
and equitable, claim against the Government, and
that no question of foreign relations is concerned
in it. I have no choice about the reference. I
proposed the Committee on Claims, because that
was the direction suggested by the applicants, who,
I suppose, are content to stand or fall on the just
claim which they have, and which they suppose
the Committee on Claims to be the proper com-
mittee to consider.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I presumed that it was a
matter involving questions of international law,
and for that reason I thought the Committee on
Foreign Relations would be the most appropriate
one to consider it.
Mr. SEWARD. It is the petition of one of
our own cirizcns.
Mr. WELLEft. The Senator from New York,
I believe, submitted some time since a memorial
of William H. Deforrest, praying for compensa-
tion for property destroyed at San Juan, which
} was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
j tions. Of course this ought to receive the same
| reference. I have no desire that it shall be sent
! to the committee of which I am a member, but
S it ousrlit to take the same direction as former ine-
; morials on the same subject.
■ Mr. SEWARD. There is great justice in the
1 remarks of the honorable Senator; but I think ho
is in error. In regard to the claims which I have
presented for indemnity for losses suffered by the
bombardment of Situ juan, I have followed the
direction of the memorialists themselves. My
impression is, that all those claims were sent to
the Committee on Claims, and not to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. The case of Wood
