2216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
creating a new brigadier general, and the office
is not yet filled, though the law was passed a
year and a half ago. Now, I want the gentleman
to tell me, what need there is of another one?
Mr. BiiLL, of Tennessee. I do not know,
but I wanted to hear from the experienced Sen-
ator from Michigan what his real sentiments were
on this subject. Is no legislation required by the
condition of that corpp ?
Mr. -CASS. I do not know that any is required;
1 do not see why it'should be. I do not believe
Myself that one additional officer is required.
"they have passed through much more trying
times than the present without any increase.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I understand from
the reading of the letter of the Secretary of War,
which confirms my own ideas on this subject, that,
however perfect may be the education for officers
of the line in the infantry or dragoons given
at the Military Academy, there is a yet higher
degree of science and intellectual attainment
required in the corps of engineers proper than
l>elongs.gener&lly to officers of the Army. If the
world wanted any illustration of thatfact beyond
what had been received in former times, the recent
experience before Sebastopol and in Sebastopol
"would demonstrate it; for the war there was con-
ducted and carried on by engineers on both sides.
Without them the south side of Sebastopol would
never have fallen;iand withoutvery distinguished
'engineering ability inside, it would soon have
fallen before the superior science of the French
engineers.
Now, I understood the honorable Senator from
Michigan to say, when he was first up, that noth-
ing was required to be done with this corps. I
understood him to say, at another time, that it
had passed through two wars, and gone on for
thirty years without any addition being wanted,
and that no legislation was now required. I have
nothing to say in regard to the topographical
corps, except that I have the pleasure of the ac-
quaintance of many accomplished officers belong-
ing to it, for whom 1 have the highest personal
esteem, who are really accomplished and scien-
tific officers.; but they are not now before the
Senate. Whenever they shall be brought before
the Senate, 1 shall be ready to advocate their
claims, and assimilate them in a proper manner
to whatever may be done for the engineer corps
proper. Why should this measure be laid over
to another session or another Congress ? 1 should
like to ask the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan—the Senator from Maryland [Mi. IV.auci.]
used the same argument, that it is not proper at
this stage of the. session to consider it—if tins lie
not the proper time and proper place, when will
it be proper, except on an appropriation bill'
Mr. CASS. Call it up at the proper time, and
as a distinct measure.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. You can never
reach these points until you get to the appropria-
tion bills, and you never have them before you
until the close (if the session. 1 think the hon-
orable Soimtorfrom Michigan did injustice to the
claims of this corps on the consideration of their
country. We have distinguished engineers in
America, as well as they have in Europe, and
several of them belong to this corps. The hon-
orable Senator thinks there is no need of any
legislation now; I so understood him. Did lie
not do injustice to himself, when he said that?
Mr. CASS. I did not say so. I said there
was no need of an inclease; and I said this was
no time to legislate on the subject.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. lie wanted no
additional officers above the present number.
Mr. CASS. I say now, that the corps wants
no increase, in my opinion.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That is what I am
answering. The present chief of engineers.is only
a colonel. Ho is distinguished for his science as
well as his probity and his courage. How long
has he been m the service ? Fifty years, and yet
a colonel with no higher emoluments than a colo-
nel of infantry, except a single ration, and a single
horse when in the field, amounting to ninety dol-
lars a year.
Mr. WELLER. Allow m&itn this connection
to read the following statement:
"the present colonel haa been stieh colonn! for more
than seventeen years; the oldest captain has held his present
rank more tiwn nineteen veare; and the riexj five caflfiams
have been such more thaft .seventeen years. >'>
Mr. BELL, of Tennesseo. Colonel Thayer
has been in the service forty-eight years, and is
now only a lieutenant-colonel. Captain Brewer-
ton has been seventeen years a captain, and he
sees now six colonels of "the line who graduated
after he did at the Military Academy, and fifteen
lieutenant colonels who graduated after he did,
as liis juniors. He is yet a captain, with no in-
crease of pay except, I believe, an allowance for
one horse when he is in tRe field, over a captain
of infantry. So of the colonel and lieutenant-
colonel. All the promotions, I understand, pro-
posed by this section, are of officers who have
been eighteen years in the public service, except
one or two. Is not this a most crying injustice?
This is supposed to be the most scientific corps
in the service. In the topographical corps science
is required; but I think the engineer corps, in a
military sense, ranks higher than the topographi-
cal corps. Whether they are entitled to thaQjref-
erence in the way these corps are now organized,
I do not know.
I do not mean to detain the Senate, but I desired
to call their attention to the injustice, as I think,
which has been done to this branch of the service,
and to ask if nothing is required to do justice to
this, the most scientific corps of the Army? I do
not exclude the topographical corps. I shall do
them justice when they are brought forward; but
when a measure is brought forward, in favor of
these old veterans of half a century in the public
service, and such veterans as they are, I protest
against the idea that nothing is required, that it
is too late, that it will not do to consider the sub-
ject hurriedly at the end of the session. After
this corps haa been organized, as I understand
from the honorable Senator from Michigan, for
thirty years, he says we are not prepared to do
anything for them now. I know this is not a
time to debate the question; but I could not sit'
quietly and hear the sentiment expressed that
there was nothing required for this corps, and
that this measure was a partial reorganization of
the Army. I do not mean anything peisorial to
the honorable Senator from Michigan, of course;
but 1 could not refrain from expressing my feel-
ings when I heard such sentiments as these, and
heard it said that nothing was required, particu-
larly at this time—the end of the session. Why,
sir, we always have to consider these measures
at the end of the session. Your Military Com-
mittee have considered this subject and brought
it to your consideration. They have matured
this measure. If they are to be treated in this
way, lei, us abolish our committees. I do not
jne[end to undersiaiul this subject as well as the
members of that committee; but I confess I was
astonished and rather mortified at the expression
of the sentiments of the experienced Senator
from Michigan on this question, when I thought
lie knew so well, personally, all the grievances
under which these officers have rested, as he haa
said himself, for thiity years.
Mr. CASS. I desire to put myself right in one
respect. The honorable SenatorfiomTenncssee
has put in my mouth tilings I never thought of.
I never did any injustice to I he corps ofengineors.
I hold them in the highest respect and regard.
There is no better officer and more honorable man
in the world than the colonel of that corps. I
believe all of them are able, faithful officers, and
an honor to the country; but ( say,as an Ameri-
can citizen here, and a Senator, that I do not
think the American service requires an increase
of the corps. I have said so to the Senate; and
1 do not believe that, if we are to make an in-
crease, it would be justice to fake one particular
corps of the Army, and leave al! the others un-
piovided for; nor does the Secretary of War
believe so. My honorable friend fiom Tennessee
himself has occupied the War Department, and
knows as much about it as I do; but one part of
the subject has passed out of his mind. Recol-
lect you had one major general and two brigadiers,
and that is all you had until last year, when you
added another brigadier, but ho has not been ap-
pointed. The President has a right, with the
concurrence of the Seriate, to elevate officers by
brevet to brigadier general and major general if
necessary. That is in his power. He can do
that at any time, under proper circumstances.
Now, Mr. President, the very grievances of
which the honorable Senator sp<mks in respect to I
the colonel of the engineer corps, applies equally I
to the colonel of the topographical corps, and
almost every other officer. The Senate will re-
member that there are four or live lines in our
Army, and promotions to regimental rank are
confined to the lines. The engineer corps is pro-
moted in the engineer corps; the topographical
corps in the topographical corps; the infantry in
the infantry, the cavalry in the cavalry; the ar-
tillery in the artillery; and thus it happens that a
man Who is a captain in the infantry to-day may
rank ahead of a major in the engineer corps'to-
morrow. That is the chance of the service. It
belongs"everywhere; but there is no reason why
you should select a colonel of one of these corps
and make him a brigadier general, any more than
another. His line does not allow him a higher
promotion. Besides, allow me to say to the hon-
orable Senator, it is part of our military service,
and has been since the year 1795, that no man
has a right to claim, promotion to the rank of
general officer. His right to promotion stops at
the colonelcy. After that, the choice is a matter
of Executive favor or discretion.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. These are all mat-
ters which everybody here knows; but I want to
say in reply to the honorable Senator, that I must
'have known, if I had known anything about the
Army, that that could not be so. Are you to
have no general of engineers ? Is that contrary
to the military ideas and military experience of
Europe ?
Mr. CASS. Do you want one of cavalry and
artillery ?
Mr. BELL, ofTennessee. You have-none of
engineers.
Mr. CASS. You have none of cavalry.
Mr. KELL, of Tennessee. You can have a
general of cavalry if you choose. -I should like
to reply to the honorable Senator from Michigan,
and show that some reorganization of this corps
is necessarily required to do justice to it; but I
do -not mean to trespass on the Senate. I do not
know what may be the sense of the Senate on
this subject. I Know the hour is late, and this is
not the proper time to discuss questions at length,
properly and understandmgly. I hardly presume
we can come to any distinct vote on the question;
but I should like to have an opportunity to reply
to some of the statements of the distinguished
Senator from Michigan. I think he has retreated
from some of his first positions.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I did not
wish to occupy any portion of the time of the
Senate, to-night, about this matter; but the sub-
ject is so novel, it is sprungupon us so suddenly,
and is a measure of so much importance, urged
without an opportunity for investigation or ob-
taining information in relation to it, that I cannot
vote for it. I will briefly give my reasons for
this course.
In the first place it has come forward very un-
expectedly, and 1 think it is very inappropos for
us to undertake to decide in this sudden manner
upon the increase of a most important branch of
our Army. The proposition is toinciease a par-
ticular corps—to create a general, colonel, and
other officers, but no men. I presume they are
all to he detailed for separate commands. They
are to have all the incidental advantages that an
officer of the cavalry corps would have similarly
circumstanced, as if more than one engineer would
be employed in the construction of any work or
the discharge of any duty appertaining to the
corps. But, sir, when we have evidence that the
corps is not at this time by any means deficient
in numbers, where there is in fact an excess of
the corps, and its officers are employed in various
civil employments throughout the country, we
arc called upon to increase and double the present
force of engineers.
Mr. WELLER. It would hardly be right for
me to allow that statement to go out. The heads
of the engineer department reports here that tsven-
ty-five more engineers are necessary for fortifi-
cations now in progress of construction, without
any reference to haibor improvements, but simply
for military purposes.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the Department with-
draws the engineer officers from the custom-
houses and other buildings, the erection of which
they are now supervising, I suppose you can
make up the twenty-five; so that the corps is not
lacking anything to constitute it efficient. But the
reason assigned by the gentleman from T&nnessee
