mm.
ME 00mM
fAia oLom.
mm
is, that the young men who are highly 'educated
at West Point must be provided for. It will
never do to give them their education without,
providing a commission for them! Sir, if that
system is to be carried out, all the resources of
this Government will not be sufficient to support
your military establishment, but willfall far short
of it. If those men who, are educated at the pub-
lic expense musthave offices, 1 ask you, if Con-
gress will not hereafter ha veto legislate to increase
the Army very largely ?
But we are told, sir, that great' hardships are
attendant upon -the officers of this corps, and that
it is a wrong and an injury to them that they
should retain their subordinate position. The
corps has been improved in its condition, en-
larged in its capacity, and made much more
respectable than it was at first; the condition of
those gentlemen who have been there for forty
years, or a-greater period, since they entered the
service, has been improved; and if the corps has
not been increased in numbers, if no advantages
have resulted to it but such as then existed, these ;
gentlemen would have no reason to complain of
wrong or injury. They knew the corps was
limited when they entered it. If officers have
attained advancement, who have become distin- '
guished for science as we'll as capability to serve
the country, and do not make way for others, it
is very easy for thenAo remedy that 'difficulty; ;
for all those who wish to be promoted 'have to :
do, is to appoint a retiring board for the Army as
was done for the Navy, and adopt the same rule
of proceeding by placing juniors on it, and they
will drop these gentlemen from the list, or retire
them on a pension list, and those panting far pro-
motion will have nothing to complain of I would
recommend the adoption of that course to get rid
of gentlemen who have become superannuated in
the Army, and have high claims to national con-
fidence.
I can see no reason for the increase of this mil-
itary corps. Why should you, at this session,
on the spur of the occasion, make an increase of
the engineer corps by appointing one brigadier
general, one- colonel, two lieutenant colonels,
four majors, and ten captains? Of course there
are to be none below captains, no lieutenants; all
are to be officers of a respectable grade. At the
next session of Congress we shall be called upon
to increase the topographical corps; and they will
become so very respectable and disproportionate
to the infantry, the artillery, and the cavalry,
that in succession you must increase those corps,
and add to the officers; otherwise the Army will
be disproportionate. Thus, in a short time, the
Army will become one of the most important—
not arms, but heads of the Government.
This is a subject which ought to be discussed
in all its philosophical and practical bearings upon
the country and upon our institutions, iamfor
maintaining a respectable army, sufficient for the
exigencies of the country; but I am not for in-
creasing the Army by little and little—" many
mickles make a muckle." By and by it will be
formidable, and you will find through all the
ramifications of society an Army influence, and
you will never hear of the Army being teduced,
though you may hear of it being increased at
every session. Four regiments were added at the
last session to the Army. Whathave they done ?
How many millions have they cost the Govern-
ment? What return do they bring to it? Have
they brought glory, distinction, honor; or have
they benefited the country in its political or social
relations ?
Here is a cloud in the horizon of our political
existence that ought to be cared for; and we
should ward off the storms that will come at some
period if we go on heedlessly increasing the Army
until it becomes a most potent influence in this
Government. Its march may be insidious for a
time; it has no poweryet toshow the lion's teeth;
but we should guard against it, or the day will
come when, if the fangs be not now drawn from
the animal, it will be too potent to allow you to
extract them. It will have an influence in the
councils of the Union, and have power to influ-
ence the councils of the nation. Though no
usurper may rise to head the Army, and it may
seem to be sequestered abroad, there will be an in-
fluence reflected by the power that is in the Army.
There will be the influence of men of character
and position ifi soeiety, Sympathizing with its
Members, cooperating with its operations; and
the country has danger to apprehend from it.
Our forefathers, who laid the corner-stone of otfr
liberty, upon which successive men of illustrious
character and genius have gradually erected the
temple of freedom in which weetand,apprehended
the dangers of a standing amy, and admonished
their saccessors against its influence, and warned
them to beware of it. Sir, we aw to look to the
militia of our country for defense in time of
trouble. We-are not to look to the regular army
for illustrious achievements. We are to take «ien
who have affections of home to which they can
revert—men who wiH interpose their persowsbe-
tween all that is sacred ana dear to them and an
invading enemy. They are the men who are to
form the bulwark of liberty, and to stand forth
in defense of our institutions. They have com-.
nipn sympathies with'the community; they have
common interests—they have a common feeling
with the people; but men "who are estranged from
social relations with the world, W*ho congregate
-and associate together in camps, lose the finer
affections of the heart, become mercenary in their
feelings, or sensual m their appetites, and lose
that high-toned chivalry to which -alone We are
to look "for defense. W-e must look to -the militia
'of the country—the volunteer forces—to step for-
ward in time of danger, and not the regulars.
They are not formed of the best materials. The
-men who pursue the ordinary'avocations of life,
with all the social endearments clustering around
their hearts at home, who from high impulse of
patriotism and the love of glory, and prompted
by the recollection of ancestral deeds, are those
on whom you -must rely to step forward to de-
fend your liberties. It is to them I look; and I
never will vote in time of peace,-as long as I live,
for an increase -in the regular army.
Mr. MALLORY. I should like to say some-
thing on this question, but it is very evident, from
the lateness of the hour, that we cannotget a vote;
and as an-executive session is absolutely neces-
sary, I will make a motion to postpone all prior
orders, for the purpose of proceeding to the-con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hope the gentle-
man from Florida will not press his motion, until
I offer & resolution which I think can be adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the {Senate furnish and
deli ver tu eaeli of the Senators who have not already re-
ceived the same, and pay for the same out of the contingent
fund of the Senate, such numbers and editions of such
books of a public character as were furnished to the mem-
bers of the last Congress, under the jomt resolution of Feb-
ruary 23,1854, and as were furnished urtder the resolution
of the House of Representatives of JaneSO, 1854: Pr&mded>
That they be furnished at prices not exceeding those for
which they were heretofore suppliedtosoch members: And
provided further. That such booksshali'be fHBfchasfcd/<vIien-
ever practicable', from the publishers.
Mr. BAYARD. If an objection will prevent"
the consideration of that resolution, I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason.)
If objected to it will lie over.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. 1 Understand the
House have receded from their disagreement to
the amendment of the -Senate on the legislative
bill; and I want this to be in the shape of the
resolution of the House, and to place the new
members of the Senate precisely on the same
footing with those of the House.
Mr. WILSON and others. The Hottse has
receded from that.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That is -what I
understand. The resolution will lie over, I sup-
pose; and I can have it taken tip on Monday
morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The wsolrK
-tion lies over under the rules.
E-NRSL-LED BILLS SIGNED;.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the foK
lowing enrolled bills and joint resolutions, which
had heretofore received the signature -of the
Speaker of the House:
An act for the relief of Josiah S. Little;
An act for the relief of Isaac Cook and others';
An act granting a pension to Benjamin Berry,
a soldier of the Revolution;
An act supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to amend the several acts respecting copy-
right," approved February 3, 1831;
An act for the relief of F. A. Cunningham, a
paymaster of the United States Army;
An act to extend the Jurisdiction of the c&t^o-
ratkmofthe eityaf WashJBgtoas 'over-the -lower
Eastern Brancthyar 'Navy-Yard bridge, and regu-
lating travel en tfeeupper Eastern (Braiseh,iorBen-
ning's bridge;
An act making appropriations for fortifications
.Mid -other -Wopks of defense, tand sfbr the -repair
of barracks and quarters, for thcyew-endingSftSh
June, 1857;
An- act to fix tlre.gTaduatfon period TpBr lands
in ttoe Grecnsburg tdis tract, jtt . the State'of Lou-
isiana; . .
An-act for the-relief iof John Hacker-;
An .act for ihe relief of Re bearauHalse y, midehr
of Zepha-rtiah Haisey, an officer <o'f tfee Revolu-
tion;
An act for the-relief of JameaDavidaon,of Ken-
tucky;
An act for the relief -of Nancy Bowenand'Sarth
Larrabee;
An -act for the -relief of Franck 'Taylor;
An act to amend an afct entitled " An act re-
quiring foreign regulations of commerce to be
laid annually before 'Congress., approved August
16,1842, "and for other purpose^
An act granting five yearo' "JiaSf -pay tp Mrs.
Ann Turner,, widow oTEIbert Turiier, deceased;
An act granting a revolutionary pension lo
Sarah Blount;
An act for the relief 6t Anthony Rankin, of
Tennessee;
An act ifor -tlie: relief <5f Brigadier <sie-ner«l Joim
E. Walbach, of the United States Army;
An act for the irelief -of 3 ohn H. Scran'on and
James M. Hunt, owners of the stewrwer -Major
Tompkins;
An act for the relief 6f Jetai M. Mclnto'gh;
An act forthe-relief M' the'treifs of Jafeftz B.
-Rooker, deceased;
An actgrftnting a pension to N-ancy M. l&un-
sally, I'uniici-ly v.'idovv of Lyman M. Rif-hmoiid,
deceased.
An 'act-for the relief of Adam D. SteuBrt, -and
■of Alexander 'Randall, executo'rs.'of .ISanial'Ran-
dall;
An act to:a«tho'rize pretention -to'be given to
citizens of the Urtited States wh© may discover
deposits of guano;
An act for the JelKf •of'ft&tten M. towns-
bury;
An act fortlieTeTi-ef' crfEltes "B. MclNFefH-s
An act for the relief of FrasctB Y. Gibbon 'and
Francis X. Kelly;
A resolution fOT#he*wtltta*ienti f 'itI>e-wcceuftts
of Charles M. Straderaind ffidwaRl (P. -Johnson,
1 mail contractors; and '
A resolution fbr the TeSief 6f Mrs. 'Susan "De-
catur, widow of Commodore -Stephen Becatur,
late 'of .fihe United:St3*tes H-fery.
MESSAGE PROM THfeTStfffSE.
A message from .the House-of R^pflesfuata-ti-ves,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that
"they had .passed-Senate bill (No. 377) for the
relief of Ambrose Lanfear, of Louisiana.
POST OMrCE APWtOPRIklMON BILL,
The message also announced that the Hottse
disagreed to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 315) making appropriations for
the scrvice of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1857, asked for
a conference on the disagreeing votes erf the two
Houses, and had appointed jas conferees on 'their
part Messrs. BillinghbrsTiWaIker, and"SAfeE.
Mr. HUNTER -moved "that the Senate insist
on its amendments, and ,ag*ee to the conference
askod for by theHouSe. The motion Was aigreed
to; and "Messrs. Stuart, Coli.amkr, and Yiti.ee,
were -appointed managers at -the conference, on
the part of the Senate.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. YOL'EE. I desire to report, from the
•Committee on the Post Office 'and Post- Roads,
the bill (H. R. No. 568) to establish certain post
roads, in order'that it!may go-back -to the House
with amendments. The committee-have offered
some -amendments—very faw. I'ask that the bill
may be actcd-on atonce, so as-to reach the House
in time to be-enrolled. It is a *ery heavy bill,
and w-ili'require no time for its consideration, but
will take a lang time to be enrolled. -In fact, it
is not necessary to read the amendments. They
are nothing but thi- establishment df -rotates.
There -in no icgrslatioii th the bill but the cstab-
