1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1343
and 1 suppose that there are not ten members
here who have read it.
The SPEAKER. If it has not been read it is
the right of the gentleman from Virginia to call
for its reading.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I ask that it be read.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
ster, his Private Secretary: also, a message an-
nouncing that the President had this day approved
and signed bills of the following titles.
A bill (H. R. No. 186) for the relief of John
Crawford; and
A bill (H. 11. No. 223) for the relief of W. M.
F. Magraw, contractor for carrying the mail on
route No. 8911, from Independence, Missouri,
to Salt Lake, Utah Territory.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
.A message was received from the Senate, by As-
liury Dickins, its Secretary, informing the House
that it had passed sundry bills of the House, and
one Senate bill, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House; also sending to
the House the proceedings of the Senate in refer-
ence to the assault committed upon Mr. Sumner.
THE ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I move that the proceedings of
the Senatejust received, in reference to the assault
on a Senator, be taken up and referred to the se-
lect committee of the House appointed to inves-
tigate that matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will report to the
House, as involving the privileges of tlie House,
the report from the Senate of the United States.
The resolution was repoited, as follows;
"In the Senati: of'ihf United >s taxes, May 28, 1855.
<' Resolved, That the above reporr he accepted, and that a
copy thereof, and the affidavits accompanying the same, be
tiaiisimtted to tlie Houseot Kepiesentatives.
k<Attest: AKnURV' DICK1NS, Sccrctary."
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. There is no objection
to the motion made by the gentleman from Ohio.
11 is the proper direction to give the subject. Let
it be referred to the select committee.
The question was put, and Mr. Campbell's
motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to .reconsider the
vote just taken, and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that
when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to
meet 011 Monday next.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Is that a piivileged
question ?
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged question.
Mr. COBB. In the midst of our proceedings
I want to suggest to the gentleman, if he desire
to succeed in his motion, that he amend his prop-
osition so that when thePIouse adjourns to-mor-
row, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday, and that
to-morrow be set apart as objection day. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. JonesJ will be
here to object to any bills on the Private Calendar.
By that means we may dispose of a large part of
the private bills on the Calendar.
The SPEAKER. That proposition could only
be received by unanimous consent. The motion
of the gentleman from Tennessee is in order, and
is not debatable.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let it be understood, Mr.
Speaker, that this is by general consent. There
are gentlemen here who do not want to go to
Cincinnati, but who want to go home; and they
ought to have an opportunity to do so.
The SPEAKER. Debate-is not in order.
Mr. TODD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH. I withdraw my motion.
VINCENNES LAND OFFICE AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The question being on the
amendment of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
the gentleman from Virginia calls for the reading
of the bill. As the bill has not yet been read, it
is the right of the gentleman to have it read.
The bill was read.
The previous question was then seconded; and
the mam question was ordered to be put.
The question was taken on Mr. Washbdrnk's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time'.
_ Mr. ENGLISH. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded ^ and the
main question was ordered to be put. *
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 58, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barbour, Barksdale, Bilhnghurst, Bishop,
Bienton, IJioom, Butlinton, Burlingame, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Caruthcis, Chaffee, Ezia Claik, Clawson, Comnls,
Covode, Cox, Cuinback, Davidson, lie Witt, Dick, Ed-
waids, Engli^i, Evans, Greenwood, Harrison, Heibert,
Ilolloway, Ilughston, Knight, Lake, Lumpkin, Samuel S.
Marshall, Maxwell, Kilhan Milter, Smith Miller, Moore,
Pennington, Pettit, Roberts, Sandidge, Scott, Slioiter, Sam-
uel A. Smith, William 11. Smith, Stranalian, Taylor, Tlior-
ington, Tnppe, Wade, Wakeinan, Walbrulge, Waldioil,
Cadwabtder O. Washbtirne, Isiael Washbuin, Watson,
Wells, WoodiufF, and Woodwoi til—58.
NAYS—Mcssi a. Albright, Barclay, Henry Bennett, Bing-
ham, Bianch, C'adwalader, Cluigimin, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Ciagm, Crawford,Timothy Davis, Day, Dean,Dick-
son, Durfee, Edmtmdsoii, Elliott, Emrie, Flagler, Florence,
Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddmgs, Goode, Grow,
SanipMin W. Ilariis, Haven, Hickman, Valentine B. Hor-
tou, George W. Jones, lveitt, Kelsey, Knapp, Kunkel,
Letcher, Humphrey Marshall, McQueen, Millson, Morgan,
Moirill, Muiiav, Nichols, Peirv, Pike, Purviancc, Puiyear,
Iteade,llicaudj Uitclne, Ituffmj Sage.Sapp, William Smith,
Spinner, Thuiston, Todd, Trafton, Underwood, Wauier,
Watkms, William*, Winslow, and Daniel B. Wright—03.
So the bill was rejected.
Pending the above call,
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, stated that he
had paired off with Mr. Wasiibijrne, of Illinois,
and that the time for which the pair was made
had not yet expired.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said: Mr. Speaker,
T am requested by Mr. TAi.B0TT,t0 state that he
has paired off with Mr. Murray, from to-day to
the :20th of June next.
Mr. DEAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Welch, had paired off with Mr. A. K. Mar-
shall, of Kentucky.
DISMISSAL OF MR. CRAMPTON.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the President of the
United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives .-
I have ceased to hold intercourse with tbe Envoy Extraor-
dinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of her Majesty tlie
Queen of the United Kingdom of GreatBtitam and Ireland
near tins Government. In making communication of this
laet it has been deemed by nie pioper, also, to lay before
Congress the considerations of indispensable public duty
wlueli have led to the adoption of a measure of so niueli
impot tance. They appear in the documents herewith tians-
lintted to both Houses. FRANKLIN FIERCE.
Washi^oton. May 29, 1856.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I move that the mes-
sage and accompanying documents be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that when
the House adjourns, it be to meet on Monday
next.
VINCENNES LAND OFFICE—AGAIN.
Mr. LETCHER. In reference to the bill just
rejected, I do not want the gentleman interested
in it to suffer any wrong. I will move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was rejected if
it be agreeable to the gentleman to let it go to the
Committee of the Whole oil the state of the
Union, so that it may be examined; or let it go
to the Committee on Public Lands, and let that
committee report on the subject.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. 1 would suggest to
the gentleman from Virginia that I %vould rather
the bill should go to tbe Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, in order that we may
escape being forced to vote on the matter under
the operation of the previous question. If it be
sent to the Committee on Public Lands, when it
comes back we may be placed in the same con-
dition that we were to-day.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. There is an exact
copy of the bill now in the Committee of the ]
Whole on the state of the Union, which was re- 1
ported from the Committee on Public Lands. It
has been there for three or four weeks, and if
gentlemen desire we can go into committee and
discuss that bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not imagine, after what
has occurred, that the committee-will attempt to
force the bill through under the operation of the
previous question.
The question was taken; and the House recon-
sidered the vote by which the bill was rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I presume that
we ought now to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was ordered to be read a third time. I
make that motion.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I now move to commit the
bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move that it be com-
mitted to the Committee of tlie Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. JONES. I understand that there is ex-
actly such a bill now before that committee,
which has been printed for some time.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Tennessee, and also to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, that if we send this bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and afterwards find its counterpart there
already, it will be an easy thing to get to its con-
sideration; and I will have no disposition to
obstruct its consideration as soon as I can have
an opportunity to examine the bill.
Mr. SCOTT. I am perfectly willing that this
bill should go anywhere the House desires, either
to the Committee on Public Lands, or tho Com-
mitte of the Whole on the state of the Union.
There are two bills, one already in the Committee
of the Whole, and I think that this should go to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MILLER. I have no objection to the
bill going to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, only that it will be placed at
the foot of the Calendar, where it will not be
reached during tlie session. The gentleman from
Kentucky must be apprized of the fact, that the
committee have already reported a bill precisely
like this, so far as the Vincennes land office is
concerned, which portion he objects to, and baa
been printed for some length of time. 1 hope,
therefore, he will withdraw his motion,and allow
the motion to go to the Committee on Public
Lands, and at any time I will act in concert with
that gentleman to get tho bill out of tl|e Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of tho Union.
Mr. MARSHALL. Nothing is more usual
than here, when we are pressed with business,
to move to dischaige the Committee oftheAVhole
on the state of the Union from the consideration
of a given bill. And, again, it will be easy for
the gentleman to reach this bill when in the Com-
mittee of the Whole, notwithstanding its position
upon tho Calendar. I state, very frankly, that
this bill, as I understand it, is very objectionable
to me.
This bill came from the Committee on Public
Lands, and we are met, under the pressure and
desire to put a bill upon its passage, with the
previous question. It has become a serious evil.
We cannot discuss anything. Those proposi-
tions which most deserve discussion are dis-
cussed the least, and I am now making an effort
to changc that practice. I am attempting to get
rid of tho effect of placing myself and other gen-
tlemen hereunder the charge of committer,
who, having perfected a bill according to their
own idea, attempt to put it upon its passage with-
out any understanding upon thepart of the House
of what is in the bill at all.
Mr. MILLER. I will say, forthe information
of the gentleman, that if he desires to be heard
upon the question I will withdraw my opposi-
tion, as far as the previous question is concerned.
I am not afraid of an investigation of this matter,
as it is founded upon justice. There is nothing
wrong, and, therefore, 1 do not try to escape any
investigation desired by any gentleman upon this
floor.
Mr. JONES. The bill is now upon its third
reading, and open to amendment. If the gentle-
man from Kentucky will move to postpone its
further consideration until some day certain, he
would be entitled to tho floor when it came up,
and could then discuss it, and offer such amend-
ment as he thought proper, before any one could
call the previous question. "
Mr. MARSHALL. I am placed by these re-
marks somewhat m an improperattitude inregard
to thia bill. I am not t&lcicg any particular pain a
