1344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29.
to oppose this bill, and have no disposition to
prevent the gentleman from Indiana from having
such a hill as the necessity of the locality requires.
I will state, however, with the permission of
the gentleman, the feature of the bill which struck
my attention, and to which I particularly object.
It is that which allows a man to go before this
commissioner, and, upon proof of occupancy of
twenty years, to demand a patent for the land.
That will operate as gross injustice, and in a great
many instances would prevent the soldiers who
are entitled to these- lands from coming into a
court of justice, with a patent in their hands, and
recovering the lands, and would operate to trans-
fer them into the hands of men who got hold of
them under a tax title. That is the point of my
objection. It gives the aid of the legal arm to
wrest these lands from the proper title holders;
and I give notice to the gentleman that when the
bill conies up I will oppose it, if it is in such a
shape.
Mr. SCOTT. Such a state of things can never
arise under the bill, or under the law of Indiana.
Mr. MILLER. I will reply to the remarks of
the gentleman in a few words, and set him right.
It will be remembered that m 1783, at the time
the Government took possession of the North-
western Territory, there were inhabitants there
who settled under the authority of the British and
French Governments. When the Government
took possession, Congress passed an act provid-
ing that the heads of families should be entitled
to°fourhundred acres of land; also, another act
giving to all those who enrolled themselves and
performed military duty, one hundred acres.^ In
order to carry out the provisions of this act, Con-
gress passed a law, ordering a commissioner to
be appointed—such a one as is asked for in this
bill. The receiver and register of the land oflioj
nt Yincennes performed the duties of that com-
mission. They were authorised under the act to
go on and locate the lands. They did so. The
persons who got these land's sold them. They
were at that time valueless. They were sold time
and again. The record, it has been said, was
burned, and under the diiection of the Commis-
sioner of tlie Geneial Land Office, and under his
decision, the patent cannot he gut out of the Gov-
ernment unless there can be shown a complete
Cham of title to the original donee. In ninety-
nine cases out of one hundred, where the record
is destroyed, you cannot get a chain of evidence
of title back to the original confirmee.
The commission was only authorized to ex-
amine into the case, and wherever it found an indf-
vidnal in possession of the land for twenty years-
winch under the statutes of Indiana gives a title--
they report favorably and the [latent issues. P,ut
in the same bill there is a provision to protect the
rights of tile tlind jieison. lie* has his recourse
ill the couits of justice just as much n-* lie hen
new. I make- these remarks in order that the
House may perfectly understand the matter.
Mr. SCOTT took the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of Older. I had the flour, and made a mo-
tion that the House adjourn over till Monday. I
did not yield the iioor. and this discussion is out
of order.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope that debate will be
stopped, and let us take the vote.
Mr. SMITH. Then I will yield the lloor for
that purpose.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 mnv  to postpone the further
consideration of the bill till this day three weeks.
Mr. GROW. I considered that the under-
standing was that the bill was to be referred.
The SPEAKER. That does not preclude the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. MARSHALL. I withdraw the motion to
refer it to the Committee of the Whole ou the
state of the Union.
Mr. SCOTT. I withdraw the motion to post-
pone. '
The question was then taken on Mr. Letcher's
motion; and it was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER. i
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I now renew my |
motion that when the House adjourns to-day, it !
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. GROW. I make now the same proposi-
tion which I made yesterday; and unless it be
acceded to, 1 hope there will be no adjournment,
but that wo will go on with the business. I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 65, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell, Bowie,
Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Bloom, Cadwaladur, Lewis D.
Campbell, Caruthers, Caskie, Chnffinan, Cox, Ciaige,
Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Dick, Elliott, English, Evans,
Florence, Foster, Thomas J. I). B'uller, Goode, J. Moinson
Harris, Sampson W. Hatris, Heibert, Hickman, Ilughston,
George VV. Jones, Keitt.Lake, Letcher, Lmdlcy, Lumpkin,
Mace, Humphrey Marshall, MeUlieen, Snnth IVIiller, Moore,
Porter, Ricaud, liiteliie, Hi vi'i-. ltuliui, Scull, Shutter, Sain-
ael A. Snntll, Stephens Taylor, Thurston. Trippe, Tyson,
Underwood, Walker, Warner, Watktns, Williams, Wins-
low. Wood, WoodnUl, and Daniel li. Wiisrht—Oo.
NAYS—Messis. Alburn, Allison, Buibnur. Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Biiluiflliaist, Bliss, Brad.-haw, Brenton, Bnf-
fillton, Burhngame, James II. Campbell, I'.zra Clark, Claw-
son, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Colfax, Cuanns, Covode,
Cra«in, Cumback, Timothy Davis, Day, De.m, He Wilt,
Dickson, Dodd, Edie, Edwards, Emrie, Flakier, Galloway,
Gilbert, Grander, Giow, llamson, Haven, Kclsey, Knapp,
Knight, Knowtton, Kuiikel, Maxwell, Kilhan Miller, Mill-
son, Morgan, Mornll, Mnriay, Nichols, Petry, Pettit,
Pnn<ile, Purviance, J'uryear, lteade, Roberts, Hane, San-
dldye, Sapp, William Simtll, Titonntooii, Todd. Ti:iftnn;
Waile, Walbrulge, Caihvatader I1. Wa-hlmrne, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Wells, and Woodworth—69.
So the House infused to adjourn over.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON", from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled the fol-
lowing bills; when tlio Speaker signed the same,
viz:
An uct making a £rnnt of lands to the State of
Louisiana, to aid in the construction of railroads
in said State;
An act granting public lands to the State of
"Wisconsin, to aid m the construction of railroads
in satd State;
An act making a i>raut of aln mate sections of
the public lands 10 the State of Aliclugan, to aid
in tlie construction of certain railroads m said
Stitie, and for other purposes:
An act to incorporate St Thomas's Literary
i Society, in the District of Columbia;
! vVn act to transfer certain rights and duties
1 conferred ou the trustees of the town of Yin-
cennes, Indiana, to the Common Council of the
city of Vmcenne.s;
An act for the henc/if of the Hebrew u'ngrega-
lion of the city of Wash ingtoii ;
An act for the iviu f <>f Jr.!m Nugent; and
An act granting public, lands in altenure sec-
tions to the State of Alabama, to aid in the con-
struction of certain lailroads in said State.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, obtained the
floor.
JANIES V. TODD AND OTHERS.
Mr. LETCHER, I ask the gentleman from
New Vink to yield me the floor to have a bill from
(he Court of Claims passed. ]t is for the relief
of n blind man who is here in this House.
Sonaa- bill 7so. 1ST, making appropriations for
the payment of res fain cianns, was taken up, and
ivad a first and second time.
Mr. LETCHER. The Court of Claims has
passed favorably on the claims of James P. Todd,
a person named Reaugrand, and an old man by
the name of Shaw. These claims have been ex-
amined by the Committee of Claims, and they
report unanimously in favor of the bill.
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT OVER—KANSAS BILL.
Air. 1JARKSDALE. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. GROW. That there may be no mis-
understanding m this jlous'1, I will repeat the
statement which I made the other day, and which
pel haos -\\as not then fully understood. The
Committee on Territories are ready—and Inu e
be/ it lor the fouroj* iive weeks—to present a
majority and minority report in reference to Kan-
sas. 1 ask the House to allow these icpoits to
be made now, and ordered to be printed, that the
matt'-r may come up ou the 2,uh of .Inn.', in the
week appropriated to territorial business. We
can then adjourn over next week. That is ail
we ask. It is only asKing of the Hun.se to do
now just what we can do at the time we reach
the territorial busings. I propose to have the
subject set down fo) ihe 2oth of June, simply as
a matter of form, and that the majority and mi-
nority reports bo printed, so that die whole thing
may stand ready for action at the time when we
can bring it up.
Mr. BOYCE. 1 see no objection to that.
Mr. GROW. Then the House can adjourn
over next week.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the gentle-
man propose that the matter then goto the Com-
mittee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union?
Mr. GROW. I propose to postpone the whole
thing to that day when we could make these
reports,.and "when they will come up for action
in the House. It is simply a matter of form.
That is all we ask now. We make no proposi-
tion about reference. I propose to leave them
on that day in just the same position that they
would be in if they were reported on that day,
and then the House can dispose of them. I sur-
render 110 advantages, and 1 ask none of tiie
House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania proposes to make a report from thp
Committee 011 Territories, on the condition that
no action shall be had at the present time, but
that, with the consent of the House, it shall be set
down for consideration the &5th of June.
Mr. LANE. Our whole interest depends upon
the action of the chairman of the Committee on
Territories; and I know that his disposition
toward the Territories is good; but I am sure
that lie must be sensible that, if this report 011 the
Kansas question be taken up on the 25th of June,
it will leave for the discussion of all the territorial
business only two days.
Mr. GROW. It will not, I judge, interfere
with the regular business of the Territories.
That commences on the i23d June; and if the
business be not disposed of on the 25th, we can
postpone this matter to another day.
Mr. LAN lil. If that course be taken, I have
no objection.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Do I understand
that the Lull will have n right to be considered by
this House at the time pioposed by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania?
Mr. GROW. It will be just in the same con-
dition then as if it were reported on that day
from the committee, as we could report it. That
is all we ask.
Mi. SMITH. I understand that this propo-
sition will amount m fact to a special order for
that day.
Mr. GROW. No, sir. ItVill be no special
order.
Mr. SMITH. If so, we know that under the
previous question we would have no chance to
deal with the question.
Mr. GROW. I simply ask the leave of the
House to make a report, and have it set down
for the 2oth of June. I ask no advantage.
Mr. LETCHER. J should like to inquire of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, whether he
proposes to move the previous question, and cut
off debate?
Mr. GROW. I will say to the gentleman that
I am not able to state at this time what policy
may be pursued then. I am not clear about
it m my own mind. All I propose is, that the
bill occupy the same position on that day, as if
it were then reported; and I understand that if
it were reported ou that day, I could call for the
previous question if I chose. At present, 1 am
not disposed to put the bill in a position different
from that which it would occupy if reported on
that day.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand all that; but
it seems to me that an understanding 011 this
measure could very readily be come to between
the two sides of the House. If the gentleman
designs to report it now, and place it under the
operation of the previous question, let him say
so. It will do no harm to let us know.
Mr. GROW. All I ask is that the bill shall
take the same position as it would if reported 011
the day named. Gentlemen, I think, can find no
fault with that. Whether or not the. previous
question is to be called 1 am not able to say.
Mr. LETCHER. What then is the advantage
of reporting this bill at this time r
A Member. To have the bill and reports
printed.
_ Mr. LETCHER. Were any of these railroad
bills printed ?
Mr. GROW. The bill is to admit Kansas
into the Union as a State. There is a majority
