606
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
not relate what is said tolmv«occurredat Louis
▼ille and at New Orleans during that year. Those
are matters which I know only from report.
BUt I wish to remind the citizens of Ohio that,
whilst a majority of their Legislature had tears
to shed over the turbulent elections of Kansas
Territory, it looked with calm and even cold
indifference at the violence, the bloodshed, the
inexcusable wickedness, perpetrated at an elec-
tion held in their own miast. No man has been
punished for these transactions; no man has even
fceen prosecuted. The " cause " of the Kansas
insurgents is commended, by legislative resolu-
tions, to the "warm sympathies " of the public;
but the outrages inflicted on our citizens at home
have not been thought worthy of notice. Une
ears of the Governor and the Legislature were
deaf, pertinaciously, to the appeals of our own
people: they would hear the " shrieks for free- i
aom" afar off, thousands of miles,in Kansas Ter- |
ritory; but a* for the occurrences in Cincinnati—
the destruction of ballot-boxes, burning of ballots,
poll-bo<#s, and tally-sheets, driving of judges
from their places, abusing the Mayor in the exe-
cution of his office, beating and wounding peace-
able voters, firing muskets and pistols into houses
filled with women and children—establishing a
reign of imminent terror throughout one third of
the city, and alarming all the rest—these were
matters of no consequence!
The Senator from Vermont feels the urgency
of this question, and has undertaken, therefore,
to demonstrate that the foray of the Missouri
border-men must have extended into other dis-
tricts than the seven already specified. His
argument depends altogether upon the fact that,
by the census taken in Jannairy, 1855, it was
ascertained that the Territory contained two thou-
sand nine hundred and five voters, whereas at the
election .(March 30,) more than six thousand votes
were cast.
To this, however, a conclusive answer was sug-
gested by the distinguished Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Dougla.8,] upon the spur of the moment;
it is, that the Territory was opened for settlement
late in the previous year, and few immigrants
had time to do more than select their locations,
and mark out the limits of their " cluime" for
preemption; or, at farthest, break up the soil,
and sow grain for the ensuing season, when the
winter overtook them. Without houses or other
shelter—without food, or even a change of raiment
—in a wild country—what course could these men
take, Mr. President, except return to their former
abodes in Illinois, Indiana, and Kentucky, or
seek refuge in the border settlements of Missouri ?
And, sir, hundreds of these very men'—emi-
grants from other States, (some even from New
England,) sojourning in Missouri for the winter
—men who had " claims" staked off, and ccops
planted in Kansas, are styled " non-resiafent
voters," "border ruffians," "Missouri invad-
ers," because they repaired to the Territory in
March, 1855, and voted at the election. Hod
they a right to vote ? To be sure, Mr. President,
their families were not in Kansas, because they
had not erected even cabins upon their farms to
protect those families against the snows of winter;
but they were bond fide residents of the Territory,
and qualified voters in every Conceivable sense.
Even Governor Reeder, as the executive minutes
will show, had not his family in Kansas at that
time; yet no man denies, 1 imagine, that he was
tin actual inhabitant, and,as such, entitled to the
right of suffrage.
These circumstances; Mr. President, show that
the census cannot be taken as a fair indication of
the number of legal voters. It was ordered on
the 15th of January, but the fact is recorded out
of its proper place, in the executive minutes, by
more tnan a month, It only appears after three
entries, dated February 27th, and by that time
the census was almost completed. I do not pre-
tend to give a reason why this was done; but cer-
tainly, if an inhabitant of Kansas, domiciled in
Missouri for the winter, had gone to the records
of the executive office, at Shawnee Mission, he
■could not have learned the time, or the manner in
which, or the persons by whom, the census was
to be taken. When C sar Augustus promul-
rd the famous decree," that all the world should
taxed," notice was given for every man to
return " into his own city;'' and there be assessed;
but when Governor Reeder wished to enumerate
the inhabitants of Kansas Territory, in order to
ascertain the legal voters, it does not seem that any
notice was given, or, indeed, any record made,
until the census had been nearly or quite finished.
Before the 3d of March, as the executive min-
utes show, all the returns of the enumeration had
been delivered to the Governor; so that the cen-
sus was taken at the most inclement season of the
year, in a country where few houses had been
erected, and when one half the inhabitants, or
more, had been compelled to seek shelter at their
former places of residence, or in the neighboring
State of Missouri.
The election was held on the 30th of March,
1855, in virtue of a proclamation dated twenty-
two days previous. Is it wonderful, in such cir-
cumstances, that all those residents of Kansas
who were sojourning in Missouri should have
rushed into the Territory, shoflld have voted, and
should even have returned to their places of tran-
sient abode in Missouri, to await the coming of
mild weather before removing to their farms in
Kansas, and commencing to build their houses ?
The 30th of March is a bleak season in that lati-
tude. It is not a time, sir, at which any man could
well afford to live in tents, or commence, upon
the prairies, to erect a permanent habitation. Is
it wonderful that hundreds of the people of Kan- (
sas, who had returned for the winter to Illinois, j
Indiana, and Kentucky, should have made haste
to regain the Territory in order to vote, and then
sought a present shelter in the cities or towns of j
western Missouri? Is it even wonderful, sir,
that in all this confusion and tumult, when the
Territory was without laws, and almost without
a government; while thousands of absentees en-
titled to vote were speeding toward Kansas; while |
every steamer which ascended the river, day after
day, was crowded with new-comers and return-
ing settlers,—that the vague rumors of a great
Massachusetts corporation, with millions of cap-
ital, organized for the purpose of securing the
best lands of the Territory, and, by pouring in
a flood of New England fanatics, not only ex-
cluding others from a choice of favorable loca-
tions, but establishing- a colony from wh^^f-
fensive operations coiud be set on foot agaidj^Bie
property and the peace of Missouri—even ifHrese
rumors were entirely without excuse, even if
none of the persons sent out by the corporation
had carried arms of a new and peculiarly destruc-
tive character, or indulged the least aggressive
speech or threat—should have influenced some of
the citizens and youngmen of western Missouri,
alarmed for their safety at home, or wishing to
obtain locations in Kansas, or instigated by a
sense of injury, well or ill founded, to join in the
multitude of those who were rushing into the
Territory, or proceed in companies, with arms
displayed, with drums beating, and colors flying,
(although this part, I believe, is mere exaggera-
tion,) and engage in the general disturbance—
some to seek their fortunes in the new commu-
nity, some to create mischief, some to vote, some
to drive voters'from the polls, some to make
speeches, and some only to make a noise ?
Sir, these excesses are not uncommon in the
older States of the Union, and far less in the
western and southwestern States. They were,
upon this occasion, the inevitable results of the
manner in which the census had been taken, and
the suddenness with which the election was or-
dered, the untimely period chosen for it, and the
brief notice to all concerned. I repeat, sir, that
I do not presume to question the motives of Gov-
ernor Reeder in this transaction; he has enough
to answer, to explain, and (if possible) to justify
before God and his countrymen; and I will invent
no charges against him.
Strangely enough, however, the results of the
enumeration in January, 1855, do not materially
assist the Senator from Vermont in proving his
assertion. These executive minutes show that
the principal and almost entire excess of votes—
about which we have heard so much—occurred
inthe seven contested districts. I have taken the
trouble to compare the returns of the census with
the returns of the election, district by district,
precinct by precinct, and such is the result of all
my examination.
The census proves that, on the 15th of Janu-
ary, 1855, there were two thousand nine hundred
and five voters in the Territory. I do not stop to
count the four hundred and eight aliens in addi-
tion, each of whom could vote (by the Kansas
act) as soon as he had taken the oath of alle-
giance, and declared his intention to become a
citizen of the United States. I stand upon the
fact that two thousand nine hundred and five
voters were admitted by the census.
On the 30th of March, more than ten weeks
afterwards, there were six thousand three hun-
dred and thirty-one votes cast—showing an in-
crease of three thousand four hundred and twenty-
six beyond the census. But in those districts and
precincts alone, the returns of which Governor
feeder rejected, the increase amounted to two
thousand two hundred and seventy-nine votes.
Add to these, sir, the excess of two hundred and
seventy in Bull Creek precinct—for that was vir-
tually nullified, also, by Governor Reeder's de-
cision—and we have two thousand five hundred
and forty-nine as the increaoe of votes in the con-
tested districts. Take that sum from the total
already mentioned, and there remain eight hun-
dred and seventy-seven votes, as the increase in
all the other (uncontested) districts. *
Again, sir, without changing the results of the
election, we could reject one hundred and forty-
three votes in Potawatomie precinct, against
which some complaint seems to have been made;
and this would leave an increase of only seven
hundred and thirty-four votes.
Thus far, I repeat, the results of the election in
March, 1855, will not be disturbed—except as
to three councilors and six representatives (the
three representatives, for Leavenworth, having
been chosen again at the May election) in the
: Territorial Legislature. And if we follow the
oounsels of the Senator from Vermont as to the
, tenth representative district—if we suppose the
election to have been vacated, and some other
candidate than Mr. Tebbs to have been elected—
we must reject the excess of votes (one hundred
and fifty-nine J in that district likewise. Thus,
after the mignty achievement of unseating one
representative—for that is all—we should find the
legal voters of Kansas to have increased from
January 15 untftMarch 30, only five hundred and
seventy-five!
And yet, Mr. President, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mri Sumner] who asks us to believe
this implicitly, asks us to believe, also, that when
the constitutional convention met at Topeka, in
October, 1855, the Territory had grown from a
population of eight thousand six hundred and
one, male and female, old and young, citizens
and aliens, white and black, freemen and slaves,
to fifty or even sixty thousand inhabitants !
The Senator from Vermont complains that the
two Houses of the Territorial Legislature, re-
spectively, set aside the second election, held on
the 22d of May, 1855, for councilors and rep-
resentatives of the seven districts.
This, sir, is true; and the question arises, there-
upon, by what authority was that election or-
dained ? The question is not whether the election
for councilors and representatives on the 30th
of March should or should not be allowed to
! stand; because I proceed, throughout, upon the
i idea that to the extent of those districts it was
| irregular and tumultuous. The question is, what
; authority had the Governor in this respect?
, What power had he to order a new election for
any district ? The right of every legislative as-
sembly to decide upon the election of its own
i | members—free of all interference by the execu-
tive, or even the judicial department—is as old as
the first Parliament that ever held a session. Let
us consider, for one moment, the consequences
of a different doctrine. Wherever a protest was
, filed, as these executive minutes show, Governor
Reeder set aside the election—although, in one
i! case, the protectants were the unsuccessful can-
didates. No testimony was adduced; no tr*l was
! allowed; nor was any notice given. And so, it
would seem, elections are to be vacated, mem-
bers elect deprived of their offices, the right of
1 representation taken from the people, and, prac-
tically, the whole legislative power usurped by
the Governor, as often as defeated candidates
choose to protest against the result! Grantad,
