618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
lution, and asked for its immediate coaaidera-
iion:
Resolved, Tl*a* the Secretary of the Navy inform the
Senate what number of commission-, or warrants, wore
issued by the Navy Department to masters m the line ot
promotion in trio Navy, between the 13tli and 16th days of
September, 1855, both days inclusive; how the said mas-
ters have been employed; and what the difference between
Jcave and waiting-oiders pay of said masters and an equal
number of passed midshipmen, from which they weie pro-
moted.
Mr. MALLORY objected to the consideration
of the resolution.
FORT AT KENNEBECK RIVER.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following; reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form the Senate if, m his opinion, the fort at the mouth of
Kennebeck river should bo put in a state of repair, or if
necessary to rebuild the same; and, if so, to furnish an
estimate theiefor.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
On motion by Mr. DURKEE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by him on the 5th instant:
Resolved, That tho War Department furnish the Senate
with an estimate of all deficiencies now due on account of
b&ibOTS and rivers, correctly describing the same, showing
how they have oiigmated.
Mr. DURKEE. I move to strike outWar
Department," and insert " Secretary of War."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DURKEE. I wifl state, for the inform-
ation of the Senate, that the resolution is merely
designed to obtain the facts in regard to some
email amounts which arc due to officers who have
rendered service to the Government in charge of
river and harbor improvements. I have had ac-
counts sent to me to be adjudicated; and when I
presented them to the Department, I was informed
that an appropriation was ncccssary. The objcct
of the resolution is to ascertain the facts.
Mr. STUART. I wish to ask tho Senator a
question. I was not able to understand the object
of his resolution when it was first presented, and
I do not clearly comprehend it now. I wish to
inquire of the Senator, whether he is making an
inquiry after unexpended balances of appropria-
tion?
Mr. DURKEE. No, sir; I have had accounts
sent to nic by officers who have had charge of
these public works, and rendered services for the
last year, and they now ask forpayment for their
services; but there no appropriation to pay them.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to tho
resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. I confess I do not exactly
understand the intention of this resolution, and I
would be glad to have some information in rela-
tion to it. To what deficiencies does it relate ?
Mr. DURKEE. Officers have had chaise of
the public works at various harbors in the West,
and have rendered services for the last year or
two, but there is no means in the Treasury for
paying them. The head of tho bureau has in-
formed me there should be an appiopnation, and
then he could adjust their accounts.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope (he lesolution will lie
over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. Tho resolution has been
callcd up by an order of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Then 1 move to postpone it
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
( THREE MILLION BILL..
Mr. WELLER. I intended to call up this
morning the fortification bill, which was under
consideration on Thursday last; but I do not feel
at liberty to do so, in consequence of the absence
of my friend from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] who feels
interested, as the representative of that State, in
two appropriations which are proposed in the
bill. Those two works are, unfortunately, placed
in the situation of being opposed by the Secretary
of War, who considers them unnecessary. "I
shall, therefore, be compelled, under the rule
which I have prescribed to myself, to move to
Btnke them from the bill. 1 will not call it up,
however, for the reason which I have stated. 1
gave notice, however, on a former day, that I
intended to call up this morning the bill appro-
priating $3,000,000 for increasing tho efficiency
of the Army. I ask the Senate now to proceed
to the consideration of that bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (3. No.
124) to increase the efficiency of theUnitea States
Army, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
appropriate $3,000,000, or as much of that sum
as may be necessary, to be expended under the
direction of the President of the United States,
in preparing armaments and ammunition for the
fortifications, in increasing the supply ofimproved
small-arms, and in applying recent improvements
to arms of old patterns belonging to the United
States, and deposited with the several States.
Mr. WELLER. This bill was reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs, in consequence
of the special message of the President of the
United States of 26th February last, and I ask
for the reading of the letter of the Secretary of
War accompanying that message, which states
the object which we have in view in this ex-
penditure of $3,000,000.
The Secretary read the letter, as foHows:
War Department,
Washington, Felrruary &>, 1856.
Sir: Impiovemcnts in aims and munitions of war
having been recently perfeeted, whereby their efficiency
has been much inci eased, it is very desirable that these nn-
piovements should be applied.as tar and as soon as practi-
cable to the arms on hand, both m the Government arsenals
and in the possesion ol the States. Although oui present
suppl} of arms is as good av, and piobably superior to, those
of the same due of ni.imifdctim; of any odiei nation, we
should huvo, in the use of them in their present condition,
to cope at disadvantage with others who may have been bc-
foiehand with us m the actual application to then aims of
the recent impiovem< nts. It ha* been our policy, hereto-
fore. to cany on,gradually and slowly, the woik of prepa-
ration for military efficiency, both offensive and defensive,
and in pursuance of thi-> pohcj, the estimates of the Wai
Depaitment, tioni year to year, have been limited to the
execution of such woiks only as accorded wiih the ordi-
nary tnean^ of our armouesand aiscnais, with but a small
force, of operatives m employment. The lcgular estimates
hiv-t submitted to Congress are ba^ed on these cotwdera-
lions. In view, however, of the propuety of aiming at
the earliest practicable period military etTiciencv as regards
ai mamentand munitions, (we have if abundantly as regards
men,) it seems proper that, more active and vigorous meas-
uies should now be adopted; that we should mcrea ,e the
capacity for pi eduction and the foice m employ mcnt at our
armoiie-. and arsenals; that we should prep,ire mote rap-
idly aimaments and ammunition lor our fortifications; that
we should increase our supplies of improved small-aims by
the mnnulaetuie of now one*., and by the altetation of those
of pa-f dates of fabrication, including both United States
and State aims, and thru we should ptovide ample supplies
of ammunition, accontotments and implementator the im-
mediate and ntfv f efficient u-e of the whole.
In ordei io effect this, it ^ ncee^saty that more than or-
dinary mean«? he placed at the d^por-al of the Executive ;
and I le-pectfuliv Migcort and icfommend that apphertiion
lie made lor an cailv appiopnation of r>-3,(J:K).OOU (or m-
eirasin-i the military cihcienev of the eountiy, to be ap-
plied a< the (h.-^ciiition of the Picsidunt towaid.- the objects
before stated
I have the, honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant,
JEFF'N DAVIS, Secretary of J Far.
To the President.
The bill was reported to tho Senate without
amendment; and on the question of ordering itto
be engrossed for a third reading, Mr. Hale
called for the yeas and nays; and they were or-
Mr! CRITTENDEN. I should be glad to ask
a single question of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Aiihtaiy Allans. 1 do not wish to ur°ue
the merits of the bill; 1 desiie meiejyto obtain
an answer to an inquiry which will enable me to
vote understandmglv. One of the purposes for
which this money is psked is for " applying
recent improvements to aims of old patterns
belonging to the United States, and deposited
with the several States." 1 wish to know how
these improvements are to be applied to arms
winch are now deposited with the States.
Mr. WELLER. It is proposed to call in
those arms fiotn the States. 1 think when the
annual report on the subject was made last year
by the War Department, there were three hun-
dred thousand of them. Among them are a
great many of the old Hint-lock muskets. They
have recently token that musket, and by rifling
it and putting a new lock on it, with Maynnrd's
primer, it makes, in my opinion, the most effect-
ive weapon ever seen. It has been found that
these old muskets in the hands of the people of
the respective States, now wholly useless, can,
by liding and these other improvements, (the
whole additional cost being only about three dol-
lars on each musket,) be made the most effective
weapon ever used in the Army of the United
States.
Of the $3,000,000 appropriated by the bill, it is
proposed to use $1,250,000 in rifling and putting
new locks on the old muskets. For the sea-coast
and garrison guns mounted there will be appro-
priated $600,000; for the manufacture of small-
arms of new models, $250,000; for the manufac-
ture of small-arm accoutcrmcnts, §100,000; for
supplying ammunition for small-arms, $150,000;
for supplying ammunition for sea-coast, garrison,
and field guns, $450,000; for increasing the ca-
pacity of the arsenals, $200,000. These items
make the sum of $3,000,000, which we propose
expending by this bill. Of course, it is very im-
portant to the soldier that he should have an arm
in which he has the utmost confidence. We think
the improvements which have been made arc of
such a character as to justify our proceeding more
rapidly in their manufacture than under the slow
process which has been pursued heretofore.
The yeas and nays being taken on ordering the
bill to be engrossed for a third reading, resulted—
yeas 22, nays* 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bigler, Bright, Cass, Clay, Crit-
tenden, Fish, Geyer, Tluntei, Ivcrson, Johnson, Jonc.? of
Iowa, Mallory, Push, lteid, Sebastian, Shdell, Stuait,Tou-
cey. Trumbull, Weller, and Yulee—22.
NAYS—Messis. Adam1;, Bell of Tennessee, Collamer,
Fessenden, Foot, Hale, flailan, Houston, Sewaid, Sum-
ner, Wade, and Wilson—12.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read the third time.
Mr. BRODHEAD desired to record his vote;
but the result having been announced, he was not
allowed to do so.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I wish to state, in
a few words, the ground on which I vote against
this bill. In the first place, I think there is no
immediate exigency requiring an appropriation
now of such an amount to be expended under
the discretion of the Executive. The session is
likely to be protracted for at least four or five
months to come; and if such an exigency should
arise, wc shall have ample time to make appro-
priations to meet it. I am unwilling that the im-
pression shall go abroad that this vote of confi-
dence in the Executive, involving an expenditure
of $3,000,000, results from the little speck of war
that may appear in our eastern horizon. I do
not wish to contribute to the current of apprehen-
sion which docs, perhaps, exist in some quarters
of the country on that subject.
Another ground of objection is, that, in my
opinion, such an appropriation as this ought to
be always very specific. I understand itto have
been a fundamental principle laid down by the
father of Democracy in this country, that appro-
priations should always be made as specific as
possible. I oppose this bill as a violation of that
fundamental principle; though, at the same time,
I do not hesitate to admit that, if the exigency
were so pressing that specifications could not be
made with requisite certainty within the time
required of the dilFcrent purposes for which the
money asked for was to be expended, I would
not stand upon this point. Here, however, is a
very laige appropriation proposed to be left alto-
gether to executive discretion. It ought to be
distinctly specified how much is intended for the
improvement'of the small-arms deposited with
the States; how much for repairs and improve-
ments of the old arms; what proportion for the
purpose of manufacturing new descriptions of
arms; how much for ordnance, and for arming
of fortifications; how much for field guns, and so
on. This specification should be made in the
bill, as far as it is possible to make it.
But, above all, is there any deficiency in exist-
ing appropriations to carry on these improvements
cit the present time? I do not know that there is:
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, the
honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,]
ou£ ht to inform us on that point. Is the appro-
priation exhausted for the manufacture of ord-
nance,either for forts or field guns? Is there any
deficiency at all in the amount of efficient small -
arms? 1 thought that a year or two ago it was
supposed we should have some difficulty m dis-
posing of the surplus of small-arms. The com-
plaint was that we were manufacturing more than
was necessary. We were told then that great
expense was incurred in keeping clean the extra
tens or extra hundreds of thousands of guns
which we had, and m furnishing store-room for
them. This I happen to know from having had
IS occasion, at one time in my life, to look a little
I i into these things. I think I have heard it reit-
