THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I), 0.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1856.
New Series No. 8,").
and a minority report. The Committee on Ter-
ritories asks that they be ordered to be printed;
and that they stand before this House on the 25th
of June next as though reported on that day.
Mr. FLORENCE: We shall then have all
tiie information before us.
Mr. GROW. If this is done we are willing
that next week should be passed over without
doing any business, to accommodate gentlemen
on'the other side.
Mr. STEPHENS obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. LETCHER. Suppose the House adopt
the proposition of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania: will not the effect be to make this bill on
that day the special order over all other territo-
rial business ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not understand that
it will. The proposition is to let the report be
made and its further consideration postponed to
the 25th of June, to come up then as though the
report were made on that day, if the committee
were called, and I understand it will be. The
only reason why the committee wish the report
made now is, that the bill and reports may he
printed. If we are to be called on to act on the
bill, then I think that it is right we should have
the bill and reports printed.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman states the case
exactly.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have no objection to the
course suggested. If I am to be called on to act
on the bill on that day, 1 should prefer that these
reports be printed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There is no ques-
tion in the world—none, that this proposition de-
velops a purpose to apply the previous question
to this bill.
Mr. GROW. Let me correct the gentleman.
This is the only reason we have on this side of
the House, to have the report made and the bill
and reports printed before the adjournment.
Everybody knows the existing condition of
things in Kansas. The country looks with anx-
iety to us to see whether anything is to be done
for that Territory. We do not like to adjourn,
then, and go to our recreation, unless this prop-
osition is made and pending, so as to come up at
some fixed time.
Mr. SMITH. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Territories confesses to the House that it
lias not been fixed what policy shall be pursued in
reference to this bill, when the 25th of June ar-
rives. The gentleman's own mind is not made
up. The only purpose is to get rid, as I conceive—
I see nothing else—of the monstrous objection
that otherwise would apply to a call for the pre-
vious question on such an important matter—to
get rid of the objection that members were called
on to vote for a bill which was not printed and
they had not an opportunity to examine. They
do not desire to run such a bill through, as the
monstrous railroad bills were run through, with-
out being printed, and members having an oppor-
tunity to put an eye on them. To do so would
cause such a shock to the public sense of the
country that even gentlemen of the other side
would not seek. .The only design is to have
these reports printed, in order that it may he said,
when the question comes up, as an excuse for
calling for the previous question, that every mem-
ber understands the subject, and why should the
question be discussed? Why not put the bill
right through and pacify the country?
Mr. STEPHENS. Allow me one word.
Mr. SMITH. If the gentleman will say that
he will not call for the previous question there is
an end to the matter.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania expressly says that he wants the bill
to occupy, on the 25th of June, exactly the same
position that it would if reported on that day. Of
course the bill can be reported on that day, and
the previous question called. If the majority sus-
tain that call, then of course 1 should prefer that
the hill and reports are printed in the mean time.
But I trust that the previous question will not be
85
called on that day. Still I can see no improprie-
ty, 1 will state to the gentleman from Virginia,
in letting this report be made now.
Mr. SMITH. If these reports be printed and
laid before members, the excuse for the application
of the previous question will be found in the fact
that they arc well understood by the House. If
these reports are not printed until the subject is
called up, then members will say that they have had
no opportunity to look into the subject, and gentle-
men will hardly have the hardihood—as much
hardihood as has been developed in the proceed-
ings of this House during this session—to have
action on the subject.
Mr. STEPHENS. I would greatly prefer to
read these reports and be prepared for action, be-
cause I want to bring this session to an adjourn-
ment as soon as possible. If the report be made
on the 25th of June, and the matter has to be
then postponed in order that it may be considered,
we will not get to its discussion until July.
Whatever is to be done,should be done speedily,
so that we adjourn at an early day.
Mr. GROW. So far as the printing of the
report is concerned, I will say that that will make
no difference m reference to the action of the com-
mittee. They will use it as no excuse. It may
be understood that they have never been printed,
and that members have no knowledge on the sub-
ject. But 1 would be a fool to stand hero as
chairman of the Committee on Territories, report
the bill, and then allow it to be put in an inferior
position to that which it would be entitled to, if
reported 011 the day to which the postponement
is asked. In this case we ask no favors and shall
grant none. The House can now do as it pleases
with this proposition.
Mr. HAVEN. There is special pleading all
around. What is the reason that the report can-
not be made and now acted 011 ? Why should we
be afraid to meet it now, or any time hereafter?
I submit that there is 110 reason. This is an im-
portant subjoct, it is true. So were the railroad
bills lately passed. Yet we passed tlicm as they
were reported. Gentlemen have considered tins
matter, and they are nearer a conclusion than they
are willing to admit. If there be anything par-
ticular about this, as the gentleman from Georgia
says, it had better be disclosed. The judgment
of the House has to control this thing in the end;
and we must have confidence in each other, or we
may as well go and fight it out elsewhere. Unless
we can come to the conclusion that the report be
received unanimously, and the consideration of
it postponed until that time, I hope somebody
will make an objection, so that we may go on to
the consideration of other business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania asks leave of the House to make a report
from the Committee 011 Territories, with the con-
dition that its consideration shall be set down for
the 25th of June. $
No objection being made, Mr. GROW, from the
Committee on Territories, reported a bill for the
admission of Kansas as a State, the consideration
of which was postponed until the 25th of June.
The majority and minority reports were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw that motion, to allow me to make a
suggestion.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to appeal to the
House that, before adjourning, we should take
from the Speaker's table, ^nd put upon their
passage, the private bills which were some days
since reported from the Committee of the Whole
House. I hope they will be disposed of.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move that five thou-
sand extra copies of the majority and minority
reports submitted from the Committee on Terri-
tories be printed.
The SPEAKER. The motion will go, under
the rules, to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. FLORENCE. Before the motion to ad-
journ over is considered, I wish to say that it
has been usual, during the time of the holding of
the conventions, to have an understanding that
no business should be transacted during that time.
Now, gentlemen upon the other side of the House
who are willing to concede this to us—I say use
because I am 011 the Democratic side of the Rous,
—ask that the same courtesy be extended to them
during the week but one succeeding. I trust and
hope that it will be so understood, and that the
opportunity will be taken next week and the
week after to clear out this Hall, and put it in its
usual summer garb, so that when we come back
from the conventions we may go to work with a
good will, accomplish the business which we are
sent here to do, and go homo to our constituents,
and engineer ourselves back here again, and also
help to elect a President. [Laughter.]
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Speaker, I know that
this matter is not debatable, but I wish to make
this inquiry, and the answer to it will govern my
own action to a great extent, and I have no doubt
it will that of other gentlemen. It is about the
season of the year when the carpets arc usually
taken up, and a change made in the dress of the
Hall. Of course I do not intend to meddle with
any conventions going on immediately, but I
desire to know whether it is the intention that
the dress of the Hall shall be changed? I make
this inquiry with a view to allow gentlemen who
desire it, to take a short recess and go home—in
other words, whether business is to be resumed
on Monday next? If it is, I desire to be here;
but if not, and gentlemen go away, that will con-
trol my action very much.
Mr. FLORENCE. If gentlemen will give
their unanimous consent, I will move that the
Clerk of the House be directed to place the House
of Representatives in its usual summer dress.
[Cries of "That is right."] I offer the usual
resolution to that effect.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. To-morrow and
next day will not give sufficient time to the Door-
keeper to have that done. It will also require a
portion of next week. There will not be, I sup-
pose, a quorum on Monday, but there will be
1 enough to adjourn over from day to day until
I that shall be done, and until a quorum appear here.
I I suppose, myself, that nothing will be done next
week.
Mr. KEITT. That must be the understanding.
Mr. JONES. That is my impression. There
will not be a quorum here next week.
Mr. BARKSDALE. That is the understand-
ing now, and I insist upon my motion.
The question was first putupon Mr. Florence *s
motion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. As there will be no quo-
rum on Monday, I ask that, by unanimous con-
sent, a motion may be entertained, that when the
House meets on Monday, it shall adjourn over
until Thursday.
Mr. KEITT. And then from Thursday until
Monday.
Mr. JONES. It seems to me that we have no
authority to do that.
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, It has been
done in former Congresses.
Mr. JONES. In that way we might adjourn
the House for three months.
* The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Tennessee that the propo-
sition of the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Clingman] is only equivalent to an instruction
to the House, that when it meets on Monday it
adjourn again till Thursday. The House may,
or may not, regard the instruction, as it pleases;
but it stands in the light of an understanding or
agreement, that when the House rneetson Monday-
it adjourn to another day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to remind the
gentleman from Tennessee, that the House has
sometimes made an order of this sort. I remem-
ber that once it made an order to meet at eight
o'clock on Thursday, and then adjourn over tq
