1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
erated on this floor that we are rather overstocked
with small-arms. I admit there are new inven-
tions; there is the Minie rifle and Sharpens rifle.
Other improvements in small-arms may be
effected; and it is proper that we should have a
supply of improved small-arms. I should, with
pleasure, give my voice for an appropriation of
whatever mightbe thought adequate—$250,000, if
you please—for that purpose; because, perhaps,
the old appropriations may not be applicable to
that purpose. I wish in no respect to cramp the
facilities of this Government in arming our forts;
and I am willing to make all the appropriations
for that object which the wants of the public
service call for. The objects of appropriation
included in the schedule which has been read by
the honorable Senator from California are, I
think, very proper, but there is no occasion for
this wholesale appropriation at this time, contrary
to the usual principle and practice of the Govern-
ment in making such appropriations.
Other gentlemen may differ fiom me; and, for
anything that I know, they may entertain appre-
hensions that there is an immediate exigency;
but I think this appropriation is unnecessary at
this period of the session, when wc arc to sit here
for perhaps five or six months more, and when,
so far as 1 can judge, there is no great apprehen-
sion of war. If other gentlemen entertain any
apprehension, I can very readily understand on
what ground they desire this appropriation to be
made speedily, and on what ground the Secretary
of War makes this application.
I do not wish to be understood as implying, in
the opposition which I make to the passage of
this bill, that I have any want of the usual confi-
dence which ought to be reposed in the President
and in the Secretary of War. I do not mean to
make any expression signifying my want of con-
fidence in those high functionaries of the Gov-
ernment; and I trust that neither what I have
said, nor the vote which I have given, nor the
vote which I shall give, will be so understood.
But, sir, we act here now in reference to those
gentlemen precisely as we would act in reference
to gentlemen occupying the same position at any
other time. We are to act upon great, leading,
fundamental principles, so far as we can apply
them to the subject before us. I admit that those
principles are not rigid; but the principle of speci-
fication, and of not trusting more to the Execu-
tive than is actually necessary, is, I consider, a
leading principle which should guide our action.
These are my grounds of opposition to this bill.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, if there be
any Senator who is disposed to vote against this
appropriation because it is not sufficiently spe-
cific, I have no sort of objection to amending the
bill so as to make it conform to the .statement
which I made in answer to the Senator from
Kentucky. In reply to his question, I stated that
we proposed to expend $1,250,000 of these three
millions, in altering the small-arms of the old
patterns. If all those arms which are now in the
hands of the States were sent in,this appropriation
would not be sufficient to effect, that object; but
wc take it for granted that there will not be a
larger number sent m than the $1,250,000 will be
sufficient to repair and make conform to the pres-
ent patterns. The change proposed, as I said
before, is rifling the musket, putting on a new
lock with the modern improvement and May-
nard's primer. We propose to expend $600,000
for sea-coast and garrison guns; $250,000 for
the manufacture of small-arms of new models;
$100,000 for manufacturing small-arm accout^r-
ments; $150,000 for supplying ammunition for
small-arms; $450,000 for supplying ammunition
for sea-coast, garrison, and field guns; and
$200,000 for increasing the capacity of arsenals.
Now, if the only objection of the Senator from
Tennessee [Mr. Bell] be that this bill is not
sufficiently specific, I am perfectly willing to
amend it so as to make it conform to the state-
ments which I have just made; because, as a
general rule, I desire every bill to be somewhat
more specific than this one is, as presented by the
committee.
It is proposed to send a very large quantity of
ammunition and military stores to the Pacific
coast. Every one must see at once that, if wo
should be involved in a war with a maritime
Power, the first blow would be struck on that
coast. It is therefore desired to send a large quan-
tity of arms and munitions of war to that coast,
because we can never have any intercourse between
this part of the continent and California after a
war shall have broken out with a maritime Power,
until we have been able to obtain the supremacy
of the seas; and that, in the present condition of
things, might require some time. In the mean-
while California would stand detached from the
Union. We desire to have guns on that coast at
the navy-yard at San Francisco, suitable for arm-
ing privateers. You have on the Pacific, from the
New England States, an immense fleet of vessels
engagedin the whaling business. Those vessels
could very readily be converted into privateers-
men if they had only the munitions of war, and
the right sort of ordnancc stores with which to
equip themselves. It is proposed that a consider-
able part of this money shall be expended in
sending these things there.
Whether there will be a war or not I do not un-
dertake to say. I have brought in this bill with-
out any reference whatever to that question; but
no one can conceal from himself the fact, that there
is a feverish state of the public mind not only
here but in England, and a portion of the public
press in both countries have brought about an
exasperated state of feeling. Whether that will
eventually result in war no one can now predict.
At all events, it is well enough now, whilst we
have a full Treasury, to make ample provision
for defending ourselves in the event of our being
involved in a war. Senators have, no doubt, seen
a statement to the effect that a large number of
troops have been sent from England to Canada.
Whether they are placed there in anticipation of
a difficulty with us, I do not undertake to say.
I have no other information on that subject than
such as is found m the public prints. But, sir,
I do think it is important that now, while we
have the means, we should do at once what we
propose to do in a long time. The object pro-
posed to be accomplished by this bill would take
several years to accomplish if we were to go on
gradually; but I think it is better (as we have
obtained, I will not say perfection, but have made
vast improvements in arms, both of heavy caliber
and small caliber) to do this at once, and provide
for the proper defense of the country.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I am obliged
to the honorable Senator for the explanation
which he has given, and for the proposition which
he has made.
I have seldom been more embarrassed than I
have been in regard to my vote on this bill. In
the shape in which it stands I have recorded my
vote against it, and shall be obliged to do so on
its final passage, chiefly for a reason which has
been so well assigned by the honorable Senator
from Tennessee, [Mr. Bi:ll.] It is that the
pas-sage of the bill, in its present shape, especially
connected as it is with the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States recommending it, im-
plies and gives the world to understand that there
is an extraordinary occasion, and that this occa-
sion requires and secures, on thepartof Congress,
an extraordinary confidence in the President of
the United States. I do not myself see any such
extraordinary occasion; I am unwilling, by my
vote, to say to the country that there is any such;
nor in the absence of such an occasion do I see
any reason which the President of the United
States can justly call for an expression or mani-
festation of extraordinary confidence.
As things stand, if I had $3,000,000 to expend
for the use of the United States and for its defense,
I think that my judgment would incline me to
appropriate it towards the construction of a rail-
road across the continent, so as to combine our
Atlantic center and Pacific regions, instead of
applying it to these appropriations; but it is easy
always, and generally as inconclusive as easy, to
suggest something better in lieu of a definite plan
which is proposed by another person; therefore,
insomuch as I have no ground to believe that a
majority of Congress would agree with me in
making thnfc disposition of $3.000,000,1 have not
the least objection to agreeing with the committee
and with the Senate in making the appropriation
for the purposes which are intended to be secured
by this bill; and the detailed objects of it as they
arc given to us by the chairman of the committee
seem to me sufficiently plain and satisfactory.
If the bill were put into that shape, making
definite appropriations for specific purposes, I
should cheerfully recall the vote which I have , iJ
given against it, and give my vote in favor of its
I hope, therefore, the honorable Senator will
follow up the suggestion which he has made, and
let the bill be recommitted, or so amended as to
take that shape. I think it will remove very great
difficulties in its passage. Speaking only for
myself, I confess that I do not like to stand here
voting against appropriations to increase the effi-
ciency of the Army, for I believe in an efficient
Army and an efficient Navy; but I do not believe
in expressions of extraordinary confidence in an
Administration at a time when there is no danger,
when there is no crisis to justify a departure from
the principle of jealous watchfulness by the Le-
gislature over the Executive Department of the
Government.
Mr. TOCJCEY. Mr. President, I think the
vote on this bill was taken very unexpectedly. I
can hardly think it was expected that this bill
would pass without some discussion, or without
some movement to put it into a form that would
be acceptable to those who arc in favor of its
general objcct. I should be unwilling for one to
have the bill rest where it is, in a position which
places honorable Senators on the other side of the
Chamber in an attitude which they did not intend
to occupy in regard to it. I should be in favor
of making the bill more specific than it is, and
lcavingless to executive discretion. For one, lam
an advocate of specific appropriations—appropri-
ations as specific as the nature of the case will
permit.
But, sir, I wish to say, with regard to the sub-
ject in general, that I have no apprehension what-
ever that we are in danger of any rupture of our
relations with England unless we seek it—unless
we take the initiative. Why, sir, what occasion
have we to apprehend an y difficulty with a foreign
nation ? Has any nation any ground of complaint
against us? Has Great Britain any ground of
complaint against us? What have we done?
Have we offered any indignity to Great Britain?
Have wc violated a treaty with her? Have we
proposed to do anything at which the Government
of Great Britain can take offense? I certainly
know of nothing. The question with us is, what
will this Government do to enforce its rights
under existing treaties with Great Britain, which
we have not violated—which in our judgment
Great Britain has violated? What have we to
appi'ohcnd because Great Britain has intruded by
her officers and agents into this country—violated
our municipal laws and our rights of sovereignty?
Have they any ground to complain of us? It
seems to me the subject is presented in an alto-
gether erroneous view when the idea isput forward
that we are in any danger from that quarter.
I am glad that on the present occasion meas-
ures are taken by this Government to put our
fortifications and the public defenses in a proper
condition, to make improvement in the arms
which we already have, to carry on the fortifica-
tions which are in progress. We are able to do
it; it ought to be done. If we were (as we are)
in a state of the most profound peace, even with-
out the slightest ripple on the waters, it would be
our duty, it would be our policy, to do it. I
therefore hope that the chairman of the Com-
iwttce on Military Affairs will himself move a
reconsideration of the vote which has just been
taken, for the purpose of making this bill more
specific, for I am not willing that gentlemen on
the other side, who have manifested such a pa-
triotic determination to maintain the rights of this
country, should be placed in the position of giving
votes directly m opposition to the speeches which
they have made, and to the views which they have
professed.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT. It is too late, without a
reconsideration of the vote by which the bill was
ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. WELLER. I suppose it can be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE. You had better move to recon-
sider.
Mr. WELLER. I move, then, that the vote
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time be reconsidered.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
again open to amendment.
