THE' mWfQRWmmAI* .GLOBE,
August 16,
-fcteaimerlm-ger in ditnentfKms than was esv«r-be-
fore known-to traverse <he -oeeaai, and wfeich has
■eiiioe been put 011.the 'British line, and is now in
-cmwraairication between .the two countries. Re-
lying on .die cqnStinuance-o? the,resources whidh
.hwl h'ien affiao-ilsd :io iiiiii:, Mr. Colli-os ,is-about,
«S' I «t«ferstattd-,-t.o bring owtthe Adriatic, a vessel
Which he c tmli d'e n t lya-tr tici pates will tie superior
to (he Persia, the new 6ritish vessel, and will
outstrip her in navigation as much as she out-
•Wipfctheo'ther vessels wfft Which she is brought
■fin'competition. In this "preparation to execrate
the contract in good faith onhispart,ttn«flgiveto
the country thiaatl vantage of dispatch of mails
and dispaiteh'of passengers, he hae^espewdedthe
•'Sum of a 'minion of dollars or thereabouts. The
Adriatic -cost, as I understand, about a million
of .doTlare. "under these circumstances, so pe-
• culiarly •unpropitious and 'discouraging, this ex-
" penditure has been'made. 1 hope they will com-
mend themselves to the country and to the Sen-
ate. 1 believe that,- when Congress enters into
a contract "with one or more of the citizens of
the United -States -to accomplish a great object,
•consistency in carrying out that contract on the
side of 'the •Government is sound policy. As
Congress has already attained the advantages
Which it desired by this contract, it would be ca-
pricious now, tinder the circumstances which I
nave mentioned, to -discontinue it. -Congress will
'find ihat'it can rely -on tlie -enterprise, and upon
the public -spirit, and upon the capital -of the
country to come to its aid, if it shall at "all times
observe perfect good fa'ith, and deal "with liberal-
ity towards those who engage in its service.
'These are the considerations on which I have
made the,motion to strike out this proviso.
Mr. YULEE. 'Though Ishotild like to be heard
on tliis question, I am unwilling to detain the Sen-
ate if they desire to proceed to a vote.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 9,
nays;26; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bayard, Jirodhead, Foster, Hale, Har-
*!an, Jan'«s til' Iowa, ftewaru, Stuart, and Wade—J9.
■ 'IN AYS — Adams, Belt of reimes*ee, -litggn, Big-
>ler, 'Bright, Clay, .Cnste-ndPn, llouolas, Uiu-kee, Gcyer,
Ilgurtfin, liunter, I vcrsou, Jones ot Tt'intessee, Mallory,
Mason, fearce, Pratt, I'ugh, Rcid, Sebastian, ISUdell,
'riKmips&n-of K en tvieky.T combs, TTtimbull, and Yulee
—SB.
So the motion to.strikeout was not agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I do not Icnow whether it will
be the sense of the Senate to adopt any amend-
ment. I offer one, however, as a test of the dis-
position of the'Senate. The Senate passed, .some
time ago, a joint resolution, authorizing the Post-
master General to provide for mail service in
August and September between Charleston and
Havana. The contract now is for running ten
months instead of twelve. In consequence of the
passage through the Senate of that bill, the par-
ties have furnished a steamer, which is now in
the service. As the joint resolution is lying on
the'Speatrer's table in the House, and is notlikely
to be reached, the -Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads have authorized me to offer as
an amendment the same provision which passed
through the 'Senate.
Mr. -HUNTER. I hope the Senator will not
press any amendments on this bill. We had
better take it as it is, and pass'it. It is too late
to make amendments.
Mr. YULEE. I am only performing my duty.
Mr. ADAMS. However willing I might be to
make an amendment under other circumstances,
I am convinccd that an amendment now will
endanger the bill, and I shall therefore vote
against it.
The amendment was read. It is to insert as a
new section;
And be it further enactedy That the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to continue
the mad service between Charleston and Havana, via Key
West, during the mouths of August and September, until
the expiration of tin: present contract term, the 30th of .Imp:,
1859, by a competent steamer, as is now required, ten
months of each year: Provided, The annual expense there-
of shall not excced *$10,000.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not wish to risk the
loss of the bill by this amendment. I wish
briefly to say, not that I regard this as very im-
portant, but Congress has heretofore made this
provision for carrying the mail from Charleston,
touching at Savannah and Key West, to Havana
and back, semi-monthly. The contract, existing
with the frvnser® of {ha Isabel allow® her to
run ten months -in the year, the mails are
sent for two months "by sailing vessels, the result
of which is that there is literally no mail during
the months of August and September It is ,a;
very inip&r.tatit wail to ,a large town in xay £5tate, ■
■where the Government lias two large fortifica- j
'tion's,-a.district court,,-a custom-house, and mil-!
itary stations. It is rather singular tfeat tbey'
should li&ve but two mails a month -for most of
the year, and fortwo months scarcely any. i -do:
not know UHy proposition for a mail t'hat 'strikes i
me as more commanding the attention of Con-
gress than tliis. If this amendment will etMlaft-
fer the bill, of coarse I will not insist on it; bat
bring the facts to the attention tff the Senate,:
After the joint resolution had passed £he Senate.1
the contractor, supposing that it -would pass the'
House, sent a steamer on the voyage. She has
gone on.ouetripto Havana, and has not returned.
As I have before said, if the Senate, think this
amendment,will endanger the bill, I will not insist
on it; but I trustto get the appropriation here-
after.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. YULEE. Assuming it to be ,the sense of
the Senate .that jio .amendment shall be made to
this bill, I will not oS'er further amendments.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment,; and me question was stated to be
on ordering it to a third reading.
Mr. STUAitT. I am not going ito detain the
Senate at this late hour of the night. I have voted
two or three times for an adjournment, and shall
continue todo it as«fte>n as any gentleman makes
the motion. I do not know that I may notunder
certain circumstances be induced to make it my-
self; but I will in * very short time state the rea-
sons why I shall vote against this bill.
X was in the other branch of Congress at the
time when this extra compensation was given.
1 voted for it. I had more than.one purpose in
doing so; but I:had a leading motive, which I will
state. I had seen for some years that the Navy
Department, surrounded as it was by naval ora-
•cers, was incrusted with an impenetrable shell,
that there was no such thing as constructing a
roaval vessel which was worth the lumber that
had been put into her. Year after year largesums
of money, millions, were buried, as I thought, in
that way. Just as often us a vessel started it was
reported that ishe was the perfection of human
ingenuity in ®aval architecture, and yet site soon
proved to be a failure. There seemed to be no
way in the world of breaking up this system ex-
cept by inducing private enterprise to come into
.the arena, and show this Government how to
build ships. To a certain extent this has been
accomplished. Very great improvements have
been made, but vast improvements yet remain to
be made, in my opinion. I giv« it, with great
respect, as my opinion, (and I speak with becom-
ing deference, because my experience in such
■matters is not great,) that very great improve-
ments are yet to be made before naval architect-
ure will come up to what the.times demand.
But, sir, I think that great benefit has accrued to
the country—very much more than has been paid
| for extra compensation to these steamers. I am
satisfied, on a careful examination of this case
made at the last Congress, that there has never
been a fair account between the company and the
Post Office Department. It was shown beyond
all dispute to me, that a very considerable por-
tion of the mail money which was received from
this line has never been credited to it at all; so
that the statement which -has been presented as
showing to the country the receipts and expenses
of the concern is erroneous and improper.
Having entered upon the contract, so far as my
own action is concerned, I have always been dis-
posed to continue it to the end undisturbed. I
thought it was fair, honest, and just; I still think
so. _ I know that very great prejudice has been
excited in the country, from time to time, on this
subject. I know that the people have been ad-
dressed from the stump upon it, and mainly, I
believe, so far as I have ever heard, by persons
who did not understand anything about it. I
have stated that I thought the extra compensa-
tion was properly granted. In relation to its con-
J tinuance, I have always been against giving the
1 notice. At this particular time I think the rea-
sons are stronger against it than they ever were
before. I think the country is interested in bring-
ingthe, structure and speed of vessels, machinery,
and every thing else, to the highest point of prac-
ticable speed that is safe. .My objection is, that
the vessel which is under construction now for
this company will attain that object. I have
no 4©ubt it will excel any other vessel that has
ever been constructed, I thiffk that giving the
notice to the company now is an implied con-
•demnation of their action. It is an implied public
opinion that the efforts of the company, in this
■respect, are to fee a failure. I believe that opin-
ion to be wrong. 1 'believe they will succeed. 1
■believe there ought to be a full opportunity to per-
mit their success; and forthat reason I am against
the proposition.
There is-one other reason which i shall state,
that .does not weigh especially as a public con-
sideration, although to a certain extentit induces
■me,as an individual, to carry out what I consider
-to be fair and just. I alludeto the domestic losses
that.have occurred to one of the members of this
company. His ambition, I know, is involved in
the success of this enterprise. He considers it
the chief object of his life to pufa vessel afloat,
that in consequence of its construction and ma-
chinery will excel any vessel the Cunard line has
been able to bring out, not excepting the cele-
brated Persia. When he is weighed down with
these domestic afflictions—when the only thing
which seems to buoy him up is this feeling of
ambition which he entertains, it is an additional
inducement to me, representing in part the United
States, to be .fan-, just, and, if need be, even gen-
erous.
In consequence of these views, I was com-
pelled of course to disagree with the recommend-
ation of the Committee on Finance. In conse-
quence Of these views I am compelled to vote
against the bill containing the notice. I have
voted to strike it out. I believe it is wrong. I
feel bound to add, that in my opinion influences
have been brought to bear on this subject, of
which we shall feel the result at another session
of Congress—influences purely personal, and not
very commendable in their character on the part
of other individuals—men who, since this line has
broken the ice, established what can be done,
demonstrated the practicability and success of the
enterprise, are now disposed to come in, and not
only participate in this success, but pocket large
sums of money without rendering any equivalent
to the country. I am bound to declare, that in my
opinion the present condition of things at this
time has been in a considerable degree produced
in that way. 1 should be opposed to making any
other contract of this kind with anybody; 1 should
be opposed to extending this contract with the
same individuals. I am entirely in favor, if I
understand it, of the principle of the bill reported
by the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads early in this session, which opens the
whole subject of mail transportation by the ocean
to fair, full, and complete competition. That I
understand to be the effect of that bill. The Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Collasiek] understands
it fully, and will correct me if I am wrong. That
I am in favor of as an abstract and original prin-
ciple, but I am against the motive which has
brought about this action, come from whom
it may, and for whose benefit soever it may b*
designed.
Now, sir, with every disposition to facilitate
the business of the session, 1 shall not detain the
Senate. I think that what I have said entirely
explains my own position on the subject, and
that is all I design or desire to do.
Mr. SEWARD. Some days ago, the honor-
able Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] at
the request of Mr. Vanderbilt, of the city of New
York, introduced a bill authorizing the Postmaster
General to contract with him for carrying the
mail to Southampton in a vessel which had cost
§800,000, which he believes (and he is a very
competent judge of such a subject) will outstrip
any other steamer that has been on the ocean. I
had understood that that bill, it being too late to
press it as a separate measure, would be offered
as an amendment to this bill by that Senator,
or by some other person. I declined to offer
it for the simple reason that,, in offering it, I
should bring myself into conflict with the views
which I had just now expressed in favor of con-
tinuing' the contract with the Collins line; but the
Senate, as well as the House of Representatives',
