vl
mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
• ■ Mr. WELLER. I now more an amendment,
"to come in at the close of the bill, in these words:
To be applied and expended m tlie following manner, to
wit:
For altering small-arms of the old patterns, $1,250,000.
For sea-coast and garrison guns, mounted, $800,000.
For manufacturing small-arms of new models, $-250,000.
For'manufacturmg small-arm accouterments, $100,000.
For supplying ammunition for small-arms, $150,000.
For supplying ammunition for sea-coast, garnson, and
figld gun-, $4o0,000.
•For increasing the capacity of the arsenals, $200,000.
HUNTER. Mr. President, I understand
that the Senator from Tennessee objects to this
bill for two reasons: first, because it is not spe-
cific enough in the nature of the appropriations—
'but that nas been remedied by the amendment
offered by the Senator from California; and, next,
because he was apprehensive that it might pro-
duce or serve lo increase a war panic. So far as
I myself am concerned, nobody would regret
such a tendency more than I should do. As I
said in the debate on the bill for increasing the
Navy, I hope and believe that there will be no
■war. I think there ought to be none, if the pres-
ent matters of difference are properly managed;
but, sir, whether there be a war or not, I believe
that a portion of the surplus in the Treasury could
not be better, more wisely, and more economically
expended than in providing for the fortification
. timd protection of our coast, and in accumulating
such munitions of war as may be necessary in or-
der to protect ourselves against a coup de main, if
one were to be attempted, or any sudden descent
which might be undertaken at any future day by
any hostile Power. I have therefore voted more
liberally for appropriations of this sort than has
been my wont—not because I expected a war,
but, I will frankly say, because, in reflecting on
this subject, which I have been induced to do
somewhat from our recent difficulties, I have
come to the conclusion that, whether there were
war or peace, we ought to protect our coasts. It
is as essential and important, it is as wise and
economical, to do so as it is for the farmer to fence
in his farm.
I was informed the other day—and indeed we
heard from the letter of the general of engineers,
General Totten, which was read—that an addi-
tion, small in comparison with the usual appropri-
ation for fortifications, would place our fortifica-
tions in such a condition that no enemy with a
mere fleet could assail any of our important towns
without encountering danger—without meeting
with a serious and formidable defense. I believed
then that it was wise and proper to take a portion
of the surplus m the Treasury for the purpose of
placing our coasts in such a condition. But this
is not all. It is not only essential to provide a
system of fortifications, but also to provide mu-
nitions of war, which cannot be provided sud-
denly if an emergency should arise.
Mr. WELLER. If the gentleman will allow
me to interrupt him for a moment, I will merely
state that in the report of the colonel of ordnance
it is stated that two thousand live hundred and
forty-seven pieces are required, in addition to
those on hand, for the forts now under construc-
tion; and this number will probably be increased
by each new work which may be authorized, so
that there is already a deficiency of arms for the
forts which we have, and we propose increasing
the number of fortifications. *
Mr. HUNTER. Without this bill, therefore,
it would be necessary to propose to add more
speedily than has heretofore been our wont to our
system of fortifications, because the foits would (
be of no use unless we have guns to put in them.
Sir, I think that the recent experience of the
world has taught us, that the cheapest mode of
defending ourselves in time of war is by means
of fortifications, and by a proper accumulation
and supply of the munitions of war. This
course has this recommendation: it not only en-
ables us to defend ourselves more cheaply, but it
enables us to distribute the expense through a
series of years of peace, and thus we feel it much
less sensibly than we should do if we had to
frovide everything when the emergency arose,
believe, that with a proper system of fortifica-
tions, with a proper provision of arms and muni-
tions of war, united to the system of internal
communication that we have, which wouldenable
us to concentrate troops at any point on the coast
which might be menaced, we could reduce any
attack upon our coast, from any"nation which was
strong only in naval power, to the dimensions of
a mere buccaneering expedition—rather an assault
on private interests, than a serious attack on any
interest large enough to be called national.
Now, sir, to place our country in such a posi-
tion as this, especially by means of an expendi-
ture no larger than is proposed, seems to me to
be of the first magnitude whether we are to have
war or peace. It adds to the sense of security;
it adds to the respect which foreign nations may
feel for us; and I confess that I desire to see this
country placed in such a condition that no foreign
Power shall ever direct a gun in menace upon our
coast without feeling that they do it under the
responsibility of aiming it at those who have
guns enough pointed in return to give them a
Rowland for their Oliver, no matter from whom
it may come. This is a condition in which we
ought to place the country, whether there be peace
or war. I believe that, if placed in such a condi-
tion , we should be more apt to preserve peaceful
relations with foreign Powers, than if we were
supposed to be lying in a defenseless attitude,
subject to an assault from any foreign nation
which might have a ficet strong enough, as it
supposed, to sweep our coast.
If wo can effect this object by such appropria-
tions as have been proposed for fortifying the
coast, for arming those fortifications, forproviding
proper supplies of powder and munitions of war,
which cannot be provided in a hurry, I ask if it.
be not wise, and proper, and economical to do so?
I ask if it be not a proper expenditure and invest-
ment of our surplus money ? Is it not better to
have it in that shape than 111 money locked up m
the Treasury ?
So far as the change of the model of arms is
concerned, I acknowledge that it is a matter of
subordinate importance; but still it is a matter of
importance, and to some extent an appropriation
ought, to bo provided for that object. It is a matter
of some importance, because it is well known that
we depend, so far as defense bylandis concerned,
so far as military defenses are concerned, not only
on fortifications, but on our means of concen-
trating rapidly men who*arc accustomed to the
use of arms, and who have arms in their hands.
To enable us, with the assistance of these fortifi-
cations, to defend the country, in order to avail
ourselves of the immense power which lies dor-
mant in the country, we ought to have a proper
supply of arms, and they should be of the best
model. Now, I understand that by an expense
something like three dollars or three dollars and
fifty cents to the musket, we, can convert the
present muskets, which have been made accord-
ing to the old fashion, into the most efficient
arm perhaps in the world. 1 speak not my own
opinion on the subject, but the opinion of those
who deserve our confidcncc, and who say, that by
such an addition we may make, as its believed, the
best ritle in the world. Some money ought to be
appropriated to that object. If the Senate is not
content to proceed as rapidly to that end as the
bill proposes, still we ought to do something for
that purpose. I believe it would be wise and
proper to do so. For one, T am willing to vote
enough to proceed rapidly, because I wish to see
the country placed, as soon as possible, in a con-
dition in winch she may defyany sudden assault,
any attempt to sweep our cojst by a mere coup de
main. If we have it to do, and if we have the
money in the Treasury, would itnotbe a far better
application to do it afonce, to place ourselves in
a position of safety at once, than to wait four or
five years ?
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I do not rise to
discuss the details of this bill. I approve it, and
shall support it. But my object m rising is to
enter a kind of protest against the sentiments I
have heard advanced here to-day, that it is dan-
gerous to increase our military means because
England might take offense at such a measure,
and that it might augment the irritation already
prevailing m that country. I do not believe in
such a policy of forbearance, as t have already
shown by my action in the Senate.
When the information first reached us some
time since that a peace would soon probably term-
inate the war prevailing m Europe, I submitted
a resolution instructing the Committee on Naval
Affairs to inquire into the expediency of increasing
the Navy of the United States. 1 thought this
was a precautionary measure, dictated as well by
prudence as by patriotism. Before it was in my
power to move the adoption of the resolution,'I
was prevented by an accident from attending the
Senate, and when I was able to resume my seat 1
was told by the chairman of the Naval Committee,
that the subject of the augmentation of our mari-
time force had engaged their attention, and that
he was about to report a bill for that purpose.
This was done within a day or two; and under
these circumstances I thought it inexpedient to
press my proposition. The bill was passed; and
though I think the increase it provides falls short
of what the situation of the country demands,
yet I voted for it with pleasure, as an important
step in the right direction.
Sir, the external circumstances affecting us have
materially changed since the annual estimates
were laid before Congress. We had, indeed, at
that time differences pending with England, but
these differences have since assumed a much more
serious character there and here; and as their
gravity has increased, and with it the public ex-
citement, England finds herself upon the point of
being relieved from a terrible conflict, which de-
manded all her energies and resources, and opera-
ted as a security for her moderation towards other
Powers, inducing her to yield to the suggestions
of prudence what she might refuse to the dictates
of justice. If she is freed from the present strug-
gle she will come out of it with the possession of
a great unemployed force, and with the loss of
much of her military prestige, added to disap-
pointed hopes and wounded national vanity aris-
ing out of the events of a war which have been
more favorable to the renown of her ancient
enemy and recent friend, and always rival, than
to her own.
It might well be, sir, that, in this condition of
comparative humiliation, she might have no ob-
jections to seeking in the West thatglory which
she had anticipated, but had failed to find,in the
East; or, at any rate, these considerations might
operate to render her more tenacious of the posi-
tions she had assumed, and less disposed to meet
us in a spirit of moderation. And certainly, sir,
no man can fail to observe that, as the probability
of peace has grown stronger, the bluster in Eng-
land—I borrow the word from Lord John Rus-
sell, who applied it to Mr. Polk—has become
more violent, till the latter is almost a measure-
ment of the former.
It is not long since this feeling was indicated by
a distinguished review, the North Briton, which
observed by way of warning, or of threatening,
or probably both, that the same fleet which passes
the summer in the Black Sea may pass the winter
in the Gulf of Mexico. It was at no time im-
proper to look at our means of attack and defense,
but it is our especial duty to do so as the affairs
of the country become more critical. There is
one peculiarity in our condition, which our whole
history has disclosed, and that is an insuperable
objection in the minds of the American people to
the permanent support of a great military estab-
lishment. What Mr. Madison called the armor
and attitude of war, will never be assumed until
war is upon us. Of course, our arrangements to
meet it are hastily made, but they are made with
a spirit and energy which no other country has
ever displayed, and which enable us to face events
as they are forced upon us. And I observe that
even the London Times is not blind to this nation-
al characteristic, its vision being obviously ren-
dered clearer by the occurrences in the Crimea.
Speaking of war it says:
Ci Our merchants would find a foe as well as a rival in
every part of the woild. We are aware that we should
have to deal with an enemv inheriting all our enterprise
and dai mg, but not burdened, as we are, by a national debt
and a host of incapables, or tiammeled by a court, an aris-
tociacy, and the routine of which the report from the Crimea
di*oloses -uch hudiy fantastic examples. We do not for-
get how quickly the United States raised the armies that
icduced Mexico and wrested fiom her whole piovinces.
We know that twenty-five millions of men of European
and clncfly Briti-h blood are not to be despised. We could
haidly expect to suffer much less damage than we could
inflict."
The fact is, we have in the United States no
soldiers in the European acceptation of the term;
no class set apart for the business of fighting.
Our embodied military force is too small to form
an exception to this remark; but the whole na-
tion is a nation of soldiers when the safety of the
country demands their services. Habituated
to fire-arms, and fitted by habit for almost any
