1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1347
that Mr. lngersoll had the certificate of the Gov-
ernor of the State, I am informed that Mr.
Naylor had the certificate of the Governor who
went out at the election, and Mr. lngersoll had
the certificate of the Governor who came in at
the same election. Now the facts of the case
were very extraordinary. Mr. lngersoll came
here contesting the seat, with a large majority
against him, and without a shadow of pretext.
The House refused to make the allowance, and
have continued to refuse from year to year, his
political friends being in the majority often. It
is very extraordinary that he should come here
now, and ask for compensation, on this state of
facts.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to say, in reply to
what the gentleman has stated, that I think he is
in error; that Naylor had no certificate of the
Governor. He had the certificate of the return-
ing officers.
Mr. FLORENCE. Of the returning judges.
Mr. WALKER. Will the gentleman from
Georgia allow me to state to the House that I
have paired off with Mr. Davis, of Massachu-
setts, from after Monday next, to Wednesday
week next following, upon all questions of a
political character, and upon the matter of the al-
leged assault upon Mr. Sumner.
Mr. STEPHENS. If it is not the disposition
of the House to pass this bill now, I move the
previous question upon it, and let the vote be
taken upon it when the House is full.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope it will be taken to-
day.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope so too.
The yeas and nays wore ordered on the passage
of the bill.
The question was then taken upon the demand
for the previous question, and there were, on a
division—ayes 55, noes 27; no quorum voting.
Mr. EVANS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to commu-
nicate to the Ilouse, it' consistent with the public interest,
any infoimation in hit* possession m jegaid to the action oi
the leading Powers of Euiope upon the question of pnva-
teering; and if notice ot the action of the late conference
at Pans thereon has been otRciaily communicated to this
Government.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the House is
going to pass from the bill under consideration
because there is no quorum present, I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. GREENWOOD. With the consent of
the gentleman from Tennessee, before that mo-
tion is put, I desire to state to the House that I
have paired off with Mr. Gilbert, of New York,
from the 30th instant to the 21st of June, inclu-
sive, upon all questions except railroads.
Mr. WINSLOW, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to this House a copy of the roportot Brevet
Major S. S. S. Laidlcy, commander of the North Carolina
arsenal, on the timber, iron, and mineral resources of the
Deep River country, m North Carolina.
Mr. STEPHENS. I now call for tellers upon
my call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Tiiorington were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 54, noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am requested
by my friend from Maryland, Mr. Bowie, to
state to the House that he has paired off with
Mr. Granger from this time to the 23d of June
next.
Mr. PERRY. I desire to state that I have
paired off with Mr. Peck from and after to-day
up to the 21st of June on all debated questions.
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL.
Mr. GALLOWAY, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced
a bill for the relief of William Burdell, Samuel
Medary, and others, sureties of John P. Arthur,
assistant quartermaster of the United States
Army: which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD offered the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he
is hereby, requested to furnish to this House a complete
statement of all lands donated by Congress to the several
States and Temtories of the United State*, or to incorpo-
rated companies or individuals therein, together with the
times when, and the purposes forwhich, said lands were
so donated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would say to
the gentleman that these reports have been here-
tofore made, and it will require immense labor to
comply with his resolution. Will thegentleman
modify it so as to require the Secretary to report
the amount that has been donated since the last
reports wore made. I think that would be better.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I apprehend that the
gentleman from Tennessee is mistaken in some
respect.
Objections being made, the resolution was not
received.
MARINE SIGNALS.
An act (S. No. 277) to provide for the general
introduction of a uniform national code of marine
signals was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ALBRIGHT stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Maxwell till the 19th of June.
Mr. KNIGHT asked to introduce a resolution
in reference to the survey of the Ohio river.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. GOODE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to say that I have
paired olf with my colleague, Mr. Grow, till next
Wednesday week on all subjects except the pay
of Mr. lngersoll, and motions to adjourn.
Mr. GOODE, at the request of Mr. Evans,
withdrew his motion.
On motion uf Mr. EVANS, it was
Ordered. That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files! of the iioiue or the papoisin the ease of William
11. Baker, lor releronee to the Court of Claim*.
NEWARK BAY AND HARBOR.
Mr. PENNINGTON asked leave to offer the
following resolution:
Rcsotred, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to lnqniie into the expediency ol continuing the
improvement of Newaik hay and harbor, and that they
have leave to report by bill or otheiwise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
And then, on motion of Mr. GOODE, (at three
o'clock and twenty minutes,) the House adjourned
till Monday next, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 2, 1856.
Prayer by the Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. STUART took the Chair, and called the
Senate to order.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Monday Morning, June 2,1856.
Do me the favor to take the Chair to-day.
Yours tiuly, JESSifl D. BRIGHT,
lion. Charles E. Stuart.
The Journal of Thursday was read and approved.
CENTRAL AMERICA.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate a communication from tho President of
the United States in further answer to the reso-
lution of the Senate of the 17th of January last,
requesting a copy of any official correspondence
not previously communicated, touching the con-
struction and purport of the convention between
the United States and Great Britain, of the 19th
of April, 1850, transmitting a copy of an instruc-
tion of the 24th instant, from the Secretary of
State to the Minister of the United States at
London; which, on motion of Mr. Hunter, was
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
FURTHER ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. PEARCE. I move that when the Senate
adjourns on Thursday, it adjourn to Monday
next.
Mr. ADAMS. From the number of Senators
present to-day, I think it not at all unlikely that
on Thursday there will be a quorum present. I
know of no reason why there should not be, and
why the Senate may not then procecd to business.
If there should not be a quorum present on
Thursday, it will be time enough then, it seems
to me, to adjourn over to the Monday following.
There are more Senators present than I expected
to see this morning, and I have but little doubt
of the presence of a quorum on Thursday. Be
that as it may , I think it better not to adjourn
over until the time comes.
Mr. PE ARCE. Several Senators are about to
leave the city, and that has induced me to make
the motion. For myself, I am at all times ready
to attend to business.
The motion was agreed to.
ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
received from a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives a communication, with a request that
it may be presented to the Senate.
The Secretary read the communication, as fol-
lows:
House of Representatives, May 29, 1856.
Sir: J have seen m the public journals, this morning,
the report of the committee of the Senate, to whom was
leferred a resolution of the Senate directing an inquiry
into an assault made by me on the 23d instant on a Senator
fjom Massachusetts.
It is with unfeigned regret I find in the report that what
I had intended only as a ledress of a personal wrong, had
been construed into, or must necessarily be held as, a breach
of pi ivilege of the Senate.
Whilst making a full and explicit disclaimer of any such
design oi purpose, 1 ask leave to say that, for the occasion,
coiibideiing myself only as a gentleman in society, and
under no oifiei.il restraint as a member of the House of
Representatives, I dul riot advert to, or consider there was,
any alternative or rc*tiamt mipo&ed upon me by reason
that the oiron&e came fiom a member of the Senate.
I had i ead attentively and carefully the speech delivered
in the Senate on the 19th and 20th instant by the Senator
from Massachusetts, and found therein language which I
regaided as unjustly leilecting not only upon the history
and character of South Carolina, but also upon a friend and
relative. To such language I thought I had a right to take
exception under thecncumstances, the Senator Irom South
Catolina, who was alfccted by these remarks, being absent
from tho Senate and the city.
I had reason to believe that the Senator from Massachu-
setts did not acknowledge that personal responsibility for
wrongs in personal depoitment which would have saved me
the painful necessity of the collision which I sought; and
m my judgment, therefore, 1 had no alternative but to act
a-s I did.
That the assault was made in the Senate Chamber was
caused only by tho fact that, after a careful search else-
wheie, on the. previous as well as on the same day, the
offender could not be found outside the walls of the Senate
Chamber, and the Senate had adjourned for more than an
hour previous to the assault.
I submit the foregoing statement from the high respect I
have for the Senate of the United States, and ask that it
may be received as a full disclaimer of any design or pur-
pose to infract its privileges or to offend its dignity. I cheer-
fully add that, should the facts as reported by the commit-
tee of the Senate be nevertheless necessarily considered as
a conclusion of law, my earnest desire is to atone for it, as
far as may be, by this unhesitating and unqualified apology.
Asking that you will oblige me by communicating this to
the Senate as its presiding officer, I have the honor to re-
main, sir, with great lespect, your obedient servant,
P. S. BROOKS.
Hon. J. D. Bright, President of the Senate.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I move that the com-
munication be laid on the table and printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I doubt the propriety of
taking any action on that paper at this time. I
do not know that I have any particular objection
to its being printed; but still I think it is just as
well that it should not be acted upon now.
Mr. BUTLER. It will be printed in the news-
papers, I have no doubt.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Doubtless it will be printed
in the papers.
Mr. BUTLER. Then why not have it printed
by the Senate ?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. It is respectful in its
terms, and there can be no objection to it on that
account. Besides, there are many Senators ab-
sent, who have not heard it read, and it is proper,
therefore, that it should be printed for their in-
formation. It is not proposed to take any further
action upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I prefer that it should go
over.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that it should
be printed, that the facts may be known. The
Senate has sent to the House of Representatives
a resolution respecting the breach of its privi-
leges, and I think the apology should go with it.
However, if the Senator desires that it shall go
over, I will say nothing more than that I think it
should be printed at one©.
