1848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
Mr. ADAMS. As I understand the commu-
nication, it is a response to a resolution passed
by the Senate on a former day. It is addressed
to the President of the Senate for the use of the
body. It is usual when communications are ad-
dressed to the Senate to print them, that each
Senator may have them on his table. This is a
fall disclaimer, as I understand it, of any inten-
tional infringement of the privileges of the Senate.
1 was not in my seat when the resolution referred
to was passed; if I had been I should have felt it
to be my duty to call the attention of the Senate
to what I understand to be the power of legisla-
tive bodies to protect themselves. I have been
called upon in other circumstances to exercise the
power of protecting courts; and my opinion is,
that the courts of the country have as ample
power as the Legislature for the protection of
themselves and of their business. I have no ques-
tion of the power of the Senate, or tho House of
Representatives, to preserve order, and to pro-
tect itself; but the moment it adjourns it has no
more power to punish a contempt against this
body by violating the personal rights of a Sena-
tor, than it would have if a Senator should be
assaulted in his own State after the adjournment
of one session and the next meeting of Congress.
In my opinion the courts of the country have
jurisdiction over it; and if a member's rights have
been violated the courts havo ample power to
punish; but I am clearly of opinion that neither
the Senate nor the House of Representatives has
any jurisdiction over any violation of the per-
sonal rights of a member when the House of
which he is a member is not in session. I should
have expressed these views if 1 had been in my
seat when the resolution was passed, declaring
the occurrence referred to a broach of the privi-
leges of the Senate. It was not an occurrence
over which either the Senate or the House of
Representatives lias jurisdiction.
Tim PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to print.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does it not necessarily
go over when objection is made?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not necessa-
rily, tho Chair thinks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I shall
ultimately object to this motion, but it bus come
in suddenly and unexpectedly. \ am very glad
that the person who has sent us this communica-
tion has thought proper to make an apology of
that kind; but I prefer that no action should be
taken upon it at (Jus time. It ixadelieato matter,
and, without wishing to state any reasons ibat
may provoke a reply, 1 prefer that it should go
over.
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest, as the party
who sends this communication to tin; Senate, is
on trial before the 1 louse of Representatives, that
Eerhaps it is just that he should (here have the
enefitof this paper as his apology to the Senate.
For that reason it seems to me there can be no
reasonable objection to the printing of the paper
now.
Mr. PEARCE. I suggest to the Senator from
Illinois that it is proper this paper should be
printed now, for the reason that it is part of the
history of this transaction. The letter has born
written, transmitted to the President of the Sen-
ate, by him submitted to the body, and read in
the Senate, and, therefore, without reference to
any opinion that Senators may have formed of
its character, it does appear that it should he
printed among the proceedings as a part of the
history of the case. We cannot separate it; and,
as we propose no further action upon it, we do
not commit ourselves to it one way or the other,
and hence it does seem that there is no impro-
priety m printing it.
The motion to lay on the table and print was
agreed to.
On motion of Mr. FISH, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Momdav, June 2, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Danill Waldo.
The Clerk was proceeding to read the Journal
of Thursday last, when
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved that the further
reading thereof be dispensed with; which mo-
tion was agreed to.
ASSAULT UPON MR. SUMNER.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The select com-
mittee appointed under the resolution of the
House, on the 23d day of May, 1856,to investi-
gate tho assault alleged to have been made, in
the Senate Chamber, by the Hon. Preston S.
Brooks upon the Hon. Charles Sumner, and to
whom the House referred the proceedings of the
Senate upon the same subject, are ready to make
a report. There is a majority and a minority
report. I send to the Chair the proceedings of
the Senate referred to that committee with the
report of the majority. Under the resolution
passed by the House on Thursday last, the re-
port is to be laid upon the Speaker's table, and
printed. I do not propose to read the report un-
less it is desired.
Mr. C. then sent up to the Speaker's table the
majority report, and the journal of the commit-
tee, including the testimony.
Mr. COBB, of Geoigia. I hold in my hand
the minority report of that committee, and I sup-
pose that, under tho order of the House, made
last Thursday, all that is necessary to be done
is that it be laid upon the Speaker's table. It will
be printed under that order. I send up the re-
port.
The SPEAKER. The reports and accom-
panying papers will be printed.
Air. CAMPBELL. 1 suppose that it is under-
stood that the reports which have been made
this morning, with the testimony and journal of
the committee, will be published in the Globe as
a part of the regular proceedings of the House
to-day. 1 make the suggestion, that there may
be no misunderstanding about it.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. There will be no ob-
jection to that.
The SPEAKER. Unless objection be made
that will be considered as the understanding of
the House.
There was no objection.
Reports of the Investigating Committee in the ease of
the assault on Mr. Sumner.
MAJORITY REPORT.
The select committee appointed under the res-
olution of the House, passed on the 23d day of
May, 185G, to investigate the subject of the
assault alleged to have been made in the Senate
Chamber, by the Hon. Preston S. Brooks, and
other members of the 1 Fous", upon the Hon.
Charles Sumner, a Senator from the State of Mas-
sachusetts, and to whom the House referred the
proceedings of the Semite, announcing that they
—a codi dinate branch of (Nm^ress—" make com-
plaint to the House of Representatives of the
assault, committed by one of its members—the
Hon. Preston S. Biooks—upon the Hon. Chai les
Sunnier, a Senator from the State of Massachu-
setts," having taken such testimony as was access-
ible to them, beg leave to make the following
report, with the accompanying testimony:
The committee, upon a full investigation of the
subject, concur in the following conclusions,
which the Senate seem unanimously to have de-
clared:
1. " That the Hon. Preston S. Brooks, amom-
ber of the House of Representatives from the
State of South Carolina, did, on the 22d day of
tin1 present, month, after the adjournment of the
Senate, and while Mr. Sumner was seated at his
desk m the Senate Chamber, assault him with
considerable violence, striking him numerous
blows on and about the head with a walking
stick, which cut his head, and disabled him for
the time being from attending to his duties m the
Senate."
2. " That this assault was a breach of the priv-
ileges of the Senate."
3. That u the Senate, for a breach of its priv-
ileges, cannot arrest a member of the House of
Representatives, and, a fortiori, cannot try and
punish him; that such authority devolves upon
the House of which he a member," and, there-
fore, " that it is not within the jurisdiction of the
Senate, and can only be punished'hy the House
of Representatives, of which Mr. "Brooks is a
member."
The committee therefore report back the com-
plaint of the Senate, with the journal of their pro-
ceedings and the testimony taken in the premises,
pursuant to the resolution of the House.
The testimony discloses the following facts:
On Monday and Tuesday, the 19th and 20th
days ofMay,1856,Mr. Sumner delivered a speech
in the Senate, in reply to a Senator from South
Carolina, (Mr. Butler,) and other Senators, an
authenticated copy of which is appended to the
accompanying testimony, and forms apart of this
report.
It appears that, as early as Tuesday, before the
speech was concluded, Mr. Brooks took excep-
tion to the remarks of the Senator; and that on
Wednesday morning, after the delivery of the
speech, he declared to Mr. Edmundson, of the
House, by whom he was casually met,in the Cap-
itol grounds, a short time before the meeting of
the two Houses, that he had determined to punish
Mr. Sumner, unless he made an ample apology
for the language he had uttered in his speech, and
expressed a desire that Mr. Edmundson should
be present as a witness to the transaction; that
they thereupon took a seat near the walk leading
from Pennsylvania avenue to the Capitol, and
there remained some fifteen minutes, awaiting the
approach of Mr. Sumner; and he not making his
appearance, they then proceeded to the Capitol.
On Thursday morning he was again casually
met by Mr. Edmundson at the western entrance
of the Capitol grounds, on Pennsylvania avenue,
a point which commands a view of all the ap-
proaches to the Capitol from that portion of the
city in which Mr. Sumner resides. Hero Mr.
Brooks informed Mr. Edmundson that he was on
the lookout for Mr. Sumner, and again declared his
purpose to resent the language of Mr. Sumner's
speech; and after remaining for a short period,
Mr. Sumner not approaching, the two again pro-
ceeded to the Capitol.
After the reading of the Journal of the House
on Thursday, the death of the Hon. Mr. Miller,
of Missouri, was announced, addresses delivered,
the customary resolutions adopted, and thereupon
the House adjourned.
When the message was received by the Senate
from the House, announcing the death of Mr.
Miller, a tribute of respect was paid to the de-
ceased by Senator Geyer in an address, and that
body thereupon also adjourned. Most of the
Senators left the Senate Chamber, a few only re-
maining. Mr. Sumner continued in his seat en-
gaged in writing. Mr. Brooks approached, and,
addressing a few words to him, immediately com-
menced the attack by inflicting blows upon his
bare head, whilst he was in a sitting posture, with
a laige and heavy cane. Stunned and blinded by
the first blow, and confined by his chair and desk,
Mr. Sumner made several ineffectual efforts to
rise, and finally succeeded by wrenching his desk
from its fastenings. The blows were repeated by
Mr. Brooks with great rapidity and extreme vio-
lence, while Mr. Sumner, almost unconscious,
made fuither efforts of self-defense, until he fell
to the floor under the attack, bleeding and pow-
erless.
The wounds were severe and calculated to en-
danger the life of the Senator, who remained for
several days in a critical condition. It appears
that the blows were inflicted with a cane, the
material of which was about the specific gravity
of hickory or whalebone,one inch m diameter at
the larger end, and tapering to the diameter of
about five eighths of an inch at the smaller end.
It is not too much to say that the weapon used
was of a deadly character, and that the blows
were indiscriminately dealt, at the hazard of the
life of the assailed.
The committee have extended to the parties
implicated the fullest facilities for taking exculpa-
tory testimony. There is no proof to show, nor
has it been m any way intimated, that Mr.
Brooks at any time, in any manner, directly or
indirectly, notified Mr. Sumner of his intention
to make the assault. There is no evidence that
Mr. Sumner ever carried weapons, either for the
purpose of attack or defense; on the contrary, it
appears that he did not anticipate personal vio-
lence until at the instant he received the first blow,
and that he was not armed or otherwise prepared
in any respect for self-defense.
There is no evidence beyond the character of
the attack tending to show an intention on the
part of Mr. Brooks to kill the Senator, his expres-
sions being that he did not intend to kill, but
to punish him; but the committee cannot but re-
gard the assault as a most flagrant violation, not
