1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mb
only of the privileges of the Senate and of the
House, as coordinate branches of the legislative
department of the Government, and the personal
rights and privileges of the Senator, but of the
rights of his constituents and of our character as
a nation. It was premeditated during a period
of at least two days, without any other provoca-
tion than words lawfully spoken in debate in the
Senate Chamber, not ruled out of order by the
President of- the Senate, nor objected to by any
Senator as violative of the rules established for
the government and order of that body.
The act cannot, therefore, be regarded by the
committee otherwise than as an aggravated as-
sault upon the inestimable right of freedom of
speech guarantied by the Constitution. Itasserts
for physical force a prerogative over governments,
constitutions, and laws; and, if carried to its ulti-
mate consequences, must result in anarchy, and
bring in its train all the evils of a "reign of ter-
ror."
The committee therefore, in conformity to the
spirit of the resolution of the House, and their
sense of public duty, are constrained to recom-
mend to the House the passage of such a resolu-
tion as will vindicate its own character and re-
buke the member who has, so unhappily for
himself and the country, perpetrated this great
wrong.
The committee do not discuss the powers of
the House to punish its disorderly members, nor
do they undertake to argue the general question
as to what constitutes a breach of privilege. The
passage of the resolution raising the committee
is regarded as a declaration on the part of the
House of its power to call its members to account
for such acts as violate the privileges of the Sen-
ate. This assault having boon committed by a
member upon a Senator " whilst remaining in his
seat in the Senate Chamber in the jjerformance
of the duties pertaining to his official station,"
and for words there spoken in debate, the com-
mittee have no doubt of the right or power of the
House to adopt the resolutions which they rec-
ommend.
No testimony has been taken, nor arc the com-
mittee aware of any, which shows that any other
member of the House was either actively engaged
in the assault or designed to commit.iny violence
upon Mr. Sumner, nor that any other member
knew the "precise tunc when" or " the place ivhere"
Mr. Brooks would assail him. It does appear,
however, that the Hon. Henry A. Edmundson,
of Virginia, and the Hon. Lawrence M. Keitt,
of South Carolina, members of the House, had
been previously infoimed of the purpose of Mr.
Brooks to commit an assault upon Mr. Sumner,
and that they anticipated that the assault would
take place in or near the Senate Chamber about
the time the occurrence did take place. Mr. Keitt
was in the Senate Chamber and Mr. Edmundson
in a room adjoining it at the time the attack was
made; and it is proved that Mr. Keitt rushed up
with a cane in a threatening manner when the
bystanders attempted to protect Mr. Sumner from
the blows of Mr. Brooks, and that Mr. Edmund-
son entered the Chamber soon after Mr. Sumner
fell
The committee do not feel themselves justified
in expressing the opinion upon the testimony
that either of these members was a principal or
accessory in the assault, but regard their conduct
in the transaction—and particularly in not taking
steps to prevent the perpetration of the wrong, or
to inform the Senator of his danger—as reprehens-
ible. The committee, therefore, recommend the
adoption of the following resolutions;
Whereas, the .Senate of The United States have trans-
mitted to tins House a message, complaining that Preston
S. Brooks, a Representative from tlic State of South Caro-
lina, committed upon the person of Charles Sumner, a
Senator from the State of Massachusetts, while seated at
desk in the Senate Chamber, after the adjournment of
that liodv* on the 22d of May last, a violent assault, which
disabled hint from attending io his duties in the Senate, and
declaring that the said assault was a breach of the privileges
of that body: And whereas, from respect to the privileges
of the lion&e, the Senate have further declared that, inas-
much as the said Preston S. Brooks 13 a member of this
House, they cannot arrest, and, a fortiori, cannot try or
punish him (or a bicach of their privileges, that they cannot
pioceed further in the case than to make then complaint to
this House, and that the power to arrest, try, and punish,
devolves solely on tins body: And whereas, upon full in-
vestigation, it "appears to this Mouse that the said Preston
S. Brooks has been guilty of the assault complained of by
the Senate, with most aggravated circumstances of vio-
lence ; that the same was a breach of the ptivileges not
only of the Senate, but of the Senator assailed, and of this
Wouse, as a coordinate branch of the legislative department
°S ^vernmeut'direct violation of the Constitution of
the United States, winch declares that Senators and Repre-
sentatives " for any speech or debate in either House shall
not be questioned in any other place:" And whereas, this
House is of opinion that it has the power and ought to
punish the said Preston S. Brooks for the said assault, not
only as a breach of the privileges of the Senator assailed,
and of the Senate and House, as declared by the Consti-
tution , but as an act of disorderly behavior: And whereas,
it further appears, from such investigation, that Ilenry A.
Edmundson, a Representative fiom the State of Virginia,
and Lawrence M. Keitt, a Representative from the State
of South Carolina, some time previous to the said assault,
were infoimed that it was the purpose of the said Preston
S. Brooks to commit violence upon the person of said
Charles Sumner, for words used by Inm in debate, as a
Senator in the Senate, and took no measures to discourage
or prevent the same; but, on the contrary, anticipating the
commission ot sucli violence, were present on one or more
occasions to witness the same, as fuends of the assailant:
Therefore
Resolved, That Preston S. Brooks be, and he is forthwith,
expelled from this House as a Representative from the State
of South Carolina.
Rewind, That this House hereby declare it* disapproba-
tion of the said act of Henry A. Edmundson and Lawrence
M. Keitt in regaid to the said assault.
LEWIS D. CAMPBELL,
F. E. SPINNER,
A. C. M. PENNINGTON.
MINORITY REPORT.
Mr. COBB submitted the following minority
report: _ .
The undersigned, a minority of the select com-
mittee appointed under the resolution of the House
of the 23(1 May, 1856, to report upon the assault
alleged to have been made by the Hon. Preston
S. Brooks, a member of the House, from the
State of South Carolina, upon the Hon. Charles
Sumner, a Senator of the United States, from the
State of Massachusetts, on the 22d of May; and
to whom was also referred the message from the
Senate 011 the same subject, finding themselves
unable to agree with the majority of the com-
mittee in the conclusions to which they have come,
submit this minority report as the reasons of their
dissent from the report of the majority.
It appears, from the evidence before the com-
mittee, that on the 19th and 20th of May, Mr.
Sumner delivered in the Senate of the United
States, and subsequently published in pamphlet
form for circulation, a spcech from which we
make the following extracts:
" Bat, befoic entering upon the aigument, t inu«t pay
something of a general chaiacter, particularly in lospome
to what has fallen liom Senators who have raised them-
selves to eminence 011 tln> door in championship 01 human
wrongs; r mean the Senator fiom South Carolina, [Mr.
Bhtlkr.] and the Senator from lilmoi-, [Mr. Oouolas.]
who, though unlike as Don Quixote and Saneho Fan/a, yet,
like this couplc, sally 101th together in the same adventure.
1 legiet much to mi>s the eldei Senator from his «cat; bat
the cause against winch he has run a tilt with such activity
of animosity demands that the opportunity of cxposinglnm
should not bo lost; and it is for the cause that I speak.
The Senator from South Caiohna has read many books of
clnvahy, and believes himself a chivalrous km^ht, with
sentiments of honor and courage. Of course he has chosen
a mUtrp<?«;,to whom he has made his vows, and who. though
ugly to otheis, is always lovely to lnm; though polluted in
the sight of the woild, is chaste 111 his tight—1 mean the
harlot Slnveiy. For ho, his tongue is always piofuse in
words. Let her be impeached in character, or any propo-
sition made to shut her out fiom the extension of hei wan-
tonness, and no cxtiavagancc of manner or hardihood of
assertion is then too great lor this Senator. Thfi frenzy of
Don Quixote, in behalf of Ins wench Dulcmea del Toboso,
is all surpassed. The asseited llshts of >*laveiy, winch
shock equably of all kinds, are cloaked by a fantastic claim
of equality. If the slave States cannot enjoy what, m
mockery of the great fathers of the Republic, lie misnames
equality uudci the Constitution—m other words, the full
power in the national Territories to compel fellow-men to
unpaid toil, to separate husband and wife, and to sell little
children at the auction block—then, sir, the ebivaliic Sen-
ator will conduct the State of South Carolinn out of the
Union! Ilcroic knight! Exalted Senator! A second Moses
come for a second exodus !
" But not content with this poor menace, which we have
been twice told was { measured.5 the Senator, in the unre-
strained chivalry of his natuie, ha- undertaken to apply
opprobrious woids to those who differ from lnm on tin-,
floor. He calls them < sectional and fanaticaland oppo-
sition to the usurpation m Kansas, he denounces as 'an
oncalculatmg fanaticism.' To be sure, these charges lack
all grace of onginalitv, and all sentiment of truth ; but the
adventurous Senator does not hesitate. lie is the uncom-
promising, unblushing representative on this floor of a fla-
grant sectionalism^ which now domineers over the Republic,
and yet with a ludicrous ignorance of his own position
—unable to see himself as others see him—or with an
effrontery which even his white head ought not to protect
ftom rebuke, he applies to tho:,e here who rcvistbis section -
alistn the very epithet which de^i'/mites himself. The men
who strive to -bring back the Government to its ongmal
policy, when freedom and not slavery was national, while
slavery and not freedom was sectional, lie arraigns as sec-
tioiml. This will not do. It involves too great a perversion
of terms. I tell that Senator, that it is to himself; and to
the 'organization' of which lie is the (committed advo-
cate,' that tins epithet belongs. I now fasten it upon them.
For myself, I care little for names; but since the- question
has been raised here, I affirm that the BepubJiean1 party of
the Union is in no just sense sectional > but, more than any
other party, national; and that it now goes forth, to dis-
lodge from the high places of the Government the tyrannical
sectionalism of winch the Senator from South Carolina is
one of the maddest zealots." '
" With regret, I come again upon the Senator froift South
Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] who, omnipresent in this debate,
overflowed with rage at the simple suggestion that Kansas
had applied for admission as a State; and, With incoherent
phrases, discharged the loose expectoration of his speech,
now upon her representative, and then upon her people.
There was no extravagance of the ancient parliamentary
debate which he did not repeat; nor was there any possi-
ble deviation from truth winch lie did not makej with so
much of passion, I am glad .to add, as to sate mm from
the suspicion of intentional aberration. But the Senator
touches nothing which he does not disfigure—with error,
sometimes of punciple, sometimes of fact. He shows an
incapacity of accuracy, whether in stating tlie Constitution
or in stating the law, whether in the details of statistics or
the diversions of scholarship. He cannot ope his mouth,
but out there flies a blunder. Surely he ought to be familiar
with the life of Fianklin ; and yet he referred to this house-
hold chaiacter, while acting as agent of our fathers in Eng-
land, as above suspicion; and this was done that he might
give point to a false contia&t with the agent of Kansas—
not knowing that, however they may differ in genius and
fame, in this experience they are alike: that Franklin,
when intrusted with the petition of Massachusetts Bay,
was assaulted by a foul-mouthed speaker, where ho could
not be heard in defense, and denounced as a i thief,' even
as the agent of Kansas has been assaulted on this floor,
and denounced as a 'forger.' And let not the vanity of
the Senator be inspired by the parallel with the British
statesman of that day; for it is only in hostility to freedom
that any parallel can he recognized."
" But it is against the people of Kansas that the sensi-
bilities of the Senator are particularly aroused. Coming,
as he announces, 4 from a State'—ay, sir, from South
Carolina—he turns with lordly disgust from this newly-
formed community, which he will not rccognixe even as
(a body-politic.' Pray, sir, by what title does he indulge
in this egotism? Has he read the history of ' the State'
which ho represents? Ho cannot surely have forgotten its
shameful imbecility from slavery, confessed throughout the
Revolution, followed by its more shameful assumptions for
slaveiy since. He cannot have forgotten its wretched per
sistence in the slave trade as the very apple of its eye, and
the condition of its participation in the Union. He cannot
have forgotten its Constitution, which is Republican only
in name, confirming power in the hands of the few, and
founding the qualifications of its legislators on (a settled
freehold estate or ten negroes.' Ami yet the Senator, to
whom thatc State ' lias in part committed the guardian-
ship of its good name, instead of moving, with backward
treading steps, to cover its nakedness, mshes forwaid, in
the very ecstacy of madness, to expose it, by piovoking a
compruison with Kansa«. South Carolina is old ; Kansas
is young. South Carolina counts by centuries, where Kan-
sas counts by years. But a beneficent example may be
bom in a day ; and I venture to say, that against the two
centmies of the older 'Slate,' may'be aheady set the two
years of trial, evolving coriesponding virtue,inthc.vounger
community. In the one, is the long wail of slaveiy j in the
other, the hj 111ns of freedom.
"And if we glance at special achievements', it will be
difficult to find anything in the history of South Carolina
winch presents so much of heroic spirit in an heroic cause
as nppeais in that repulse of the Missouri invaders by the
beleaguered town ot Lawrence, wheie even the women,
gave their effective efforts to freedom. The matrons of
Rome, who poured their jewels into the treasury for the
public defense; the wives of Prussia, who, with delicate
finger,clothed their defenders against Fiench invasion;
the mother^ of oui own Revolution, who sent forth their
sons, covered over with pi a} en- and blessings, to combat for
human rights, did nothing of sclf-sacuficeturer than did
these women on this occasion. Were the whole history of
South Carolina blotted out of existence, from its veiy be-
ginning down to the day of the last election of the Senator
to his present seat 011 this floor, civilization might lose—
T do not say how little, but surely les^ than it has already
gamed by the example of Kansas, in its valiant struggle
against oppression, and m the development of a new sci-
ence of emigration. Already, in La.wiein.-e alone, thcie
are newspapers and schools, including a high school; and
throughout this infant Territory there is more of matuie
scholarship, in proportion to its inhabitants, than m all
South Carolina. Ah, sir, I tell the Senator that Kansas,
welcomed as a free State, will be ai ministering angel' to
the Republic, when South Caiohna, in the cloak of dark-
ness which she hugs,4 lies howling.' "
These extracts contain language, which, in the
opinion of Mr. Brooks, was insulting to the State
of South Carolina, which he, in part, represented,
and personally offensive to Senator Butler, of the
same State, his relative and kinsman, and who
was absent from the city at the time of the deliv-
ery of the speech. On the 22d day of May, two
days after its delivery, Mr. Butler being still
absent, Mr. Brooks approachcd Mr. Sumner in
the Senate Chamber, after the adjournment of
that body, and addressed to him the following
language: "Mr. Sumner, I ha^C'read your
speech carefully, and with as mucft calmness as
I could be expected to read such a speech. You
have libeled my State, and slandered my relation,
