1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
628
inspire une profonde aveision aux representans des Etats
du Sud. Octte nomination est un double 6chec qui frappe
d'un cot£ Je paitc Democratique auquol appartientradmm-
isttation du President Pierce, et de l-'autre les Knovv-Noth-
mgs."
The translation of this is:
" At last Congress is oigamzeil. We have grounds to
bopo it will exert itself to regain the time that has been lost.
The new president of the House of Representatives, Mr.
Nathaniel P. Banks, is a black, [laughter,] a member of
the House delegation fiom the State of Massachusetts. In
hisdoublequahtyof acoloied man anil an Abolitionist, [re-
newed laughter.] he ha-: inspired a profound aversion among
the members iiom southern Stated. Tins nomination is a
double blow, winch hits the Democratic parly on one side,
and the Know-Noiiimgs on theothei." [Laughtei.]
That is from a newspaperpublished in France.
The honorable Senator from Michigan read from
one paper which he said was Lord Palmerston's
paper, and he charged its sentiments upon Lord
Palmcrston because it was his paper. This, I
am told, is Louis Napoleon's paper.
Mr. CASS. No, sir.
Mr. HALE. I am so informed.
_ Mr. CASS. The Moniteur is the French offi-
cial paper.
Air. HALE. Since Louis Napoleon estab-
lished the censorship of the press, I believe he
does not allow any opposition papers to be pub-
lished in France. ("Laughter.]
Mr. CASS. Louis Napoleon knew better than
to call Mr. Banks a Negro. He has been in
this country, and he would not publish such stuff
as that.
Mr. HALE. The Senator is arguing from
general principles against a specific allegation;
but that is not fair. I think if Louis Napoleon
had read all that was said in this country about
Mr. Banks, he might very well conclude "that he
was a black man, [laughter;] for, if I remember
coriectly, the Administration papers in this coun-
try have called him a " black' Republican;" and
probably Louis Napoleon supposed that, being
a black Republican, he must, of course, bo a
black man. [Laughter.] I think, therefore, that
this extract is entitled to as much consideration
as the other. 1 have read the Uvo to show that
we ought not to govern ourselves in our action
here by newspapers, and that we may very well
leave our own newspapers to answer such state-
ments. I think the honorable Senator from
Michigan has fallen into the mistake of giving too
much consequence to newspaper paragraphs.
Sir, I think the question of a war with England
is too serious to be treated in this manner. My
opinion is, that the building of the suspension
bridge at Niagara Falls, by which trains of cars
pass and repass every day, has done more to pre-
serve peace with England than the building of
your ten additional sloops ot war, and the passing
of your fortification bill, and the giving these
$3,000,000 to the Secretary of War, will do. An-
othei laige bridge is being built across the St.
Lawrence, at Montreal, by British capital, at an
expense of something like $10,000,000; and when
that is done, it will do more to preserve friendly
relations with England than all the additions you
may make to your Army and Navy for fifty years
to come. If they would build another bridge at
Detroit, I think it would be equally potent in
sustaining the same friendly relations.
But, Mr. President, if we are in such great
danger of war with England that there is a neces-
sity for increasing our fortifications and building
additional sloops of war, why do you not go
where our commerce is? The commcrcc of the
northern lakes and the Erie canal exceeds our
foreign commerce on the Atlantic Ocean; but there
is no thought of danger there. During the past
winter I have been upon those lakes, and the
only show of a naval force that I saw there was
one little steamer, which was hauled up, frozen
in, and covered over with slab covering. That
was the only pretense of naval force on the great
lakes, where our commerce cxceeds that on the
Atlantic ocean.
I believe this is all mistaken policy; we do not
want war. If we are to be believed, and we un-
doubtedly are, we do not want war, and we do
not mean to provoke war. "We mean to stand for
justice and for right; and if so, we shall not have
war. But the fact that in the newspaper para-
fraphs of the London Times and the London
'elegrapli, so peaceable, quiet, respectable, or-
derly, and peace-loving a citizen of this commu-
nity as the honorable Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Foot] is transformed into a Jack the Giant-killer,
bearding Great Britain, and provoking war, is a
proof to my mind that those paragraphs are not
a correct indication either of the state of facts
here or of public opinion abroad. „
Sir, I have not the utmost confidence in the
present national administration; but I have enough
confidence in them to leave to them the legitimate
duties which pertain to the executive, especially
as they have only about eleven or twelve months
left, during which they are to manage the coun-
try. My confidence increases exactly in the in-
verse ratio of the duration of their existence.
[Laughter.] The shorter the time, the greater
my confidence. Still I am willing to leave to the
Administration, while it remains in power, every-
thing that belongs to it. I do not believe that the
success of negotiations, and the prospect of a
friendly termination of our relations with foreign
Powers, will bo increased by the discussion of
them in the Senate.
The honorable Senator from Michigan says
that Great Britain has offered to refer the ques-
tion in dispute to arbitration, but that there is
nothing to reicr, because we know the meaning
of the word occupy." Let me tell him that
that argument is as good in Great Britain as it is
here; they knew the meaning of the word "oc-
cupy" just as well as we do. They may get
their definition from Johnson, and we from Web-
ster, and that, perhaps, is the only difference;
but by the comity of nations, each can read the
other s dictionary, so that they have as good an
opportunity of knowing the meaning of the word
as we have. I remember that, ten years ago,
more or less, we had another dispute with Eng-
land, which Mr. .lames Buchanan, (who then
held the second place in the Government, but
now means to hold the first,) our Secretary of
State, refused to arbitrate. 1 think lie wrolc a
series of letters, in which he demonstrated that
our title to the territory in dispute was so clear
that it would be an impeachment of it if we en-
tertained a proposition to refer it to arbitration,
because that would be an admission that there
was some doubt about it. Such was the purport
of Mr. Buchanan's refusal to arbitrate; but what
was the end of that chapter. The result was,
that land, our title to which was so clear that it
would be an impeachment of it to entertain amo-
tion to refer it to arbitration, was given away
without a reference. We went to the defendant's
side of the docket and made default. Being called
three times solemnly to come into court, we did
not appear, and the British took the whole coun-
try by default. That was a case where our Sec-
retary of Siate demonstrated our title to be so
clear that he would not listen to any talk about a
reference of it.
I shall not undertake to advise the Executive
until I am asked to do so; but, humble as I
am, I desire to say that I do not wish to declare
that I will not consent to refer this dispute to
arbitration. I never had any right which was so
strong in my own judgment that I was not willing
to submit the question of whether it was mine
or not to the independent judgment of an honest
tribunal; and as I would never do so as a private
individual I never would do it as a nation, par-
ticularly when, as the honorable Senator says,
we know what the word means. But we also
know that the British know it just as well as we
do. If that be the case, and if the Administration
of Great Britain offers, in a good spirit, to refer
the question to arbitration, 1 would refer it. I
would not be so arrogant as to say, " My case is
so clear that I will not submit it to an umpire.*'
The very fact that a man refuses to put himself
in that position, and refuses to submit to arbitra-
tion because his right is so very clear that he will
not have it questioned, is sometimes taken by an
uncharitable world to be the evidence, not of a ;
clear conviction in his own mind that his right I
is indisputable as he asserts it to be, but as evi- '
dence of a lurking scepticism that when it comes i
to be investigated it may not be so good and so ,
firm as he has bragged it to be. That is the way *
the world will judge when such a proposition is \
made and refused. I
Having said this much simply to place myself j
correctly on the record in regard to the sugges- .
tion made to me by the honorable Senator from j
Michigan, I desire to come back to this bill. I j
am opposed to it decidedly. There are, to my :
mind, insuperable objections to it. 1 have referred
to the "want of specification in the appropriations,
but that has been obviated, and therefore I shall
not press that point. In the next place, I do not
agree in the propriety of keeping up the national
workshops for the manufacture of arms. But
behind, and beyond this, I go against the bill be-
cause I believe it is an unnecessary, uncalled-for
expenditure of the public money at this time.
Besides, sir, I tlnnk there is great force in the
suggestions made by the honorable Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.] This session will prob-
ably last for some months to come, and it takes
but a little while to hear from Englanu;and if the
emergencies of the crisis should be so great that
the voice of the country should say we were
called upon to rise and giri ourselves for the battle
and prepare for the struggle, there will be time
enough in the protracted months of this session
yet before us to prepare ourselves for any such
extraordinary emergency as that. I voted against
all such bills when we were engaged in a war,
and 1 never regretted it and never repented of it.
When an Administration was in war, I was will-
ing to give them just as much as they wanted to
bring the army home and make an honorable
peace, but nothing more. I was not prepared to
go into the vitals of Mexico, as the Adminis-
tration then in power recommended. My judg-
ment has approved the votes which I gave on that
occasion, and I have never for a moment regret-
ted them. If I was not willing to place extraordi-
nary means in the hands of an Administration
engaged in war, I am certainly not willing now,
when these bellicose—it is a word which has
boon used twice to-day, and I suppose has become
classical, and I can use it without being called to
order for using an improper phrase—when these
bellicose demonstrations are made beforehand, to
give this great additional power to the Adminis-
tration.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 do not rise, Mr. President,
to make a set speech on this subject. It is too
Lite m the day to do that, and it would be in bad
taste; but I desire to enter my protestagainst the
position which has been occupied by the Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] and others, in rela-
tion to the policy and propriety of this measure.
Mr. BUTLER, if my friend from Georgia
prefers to go on to-morrow, I will suggest the
propriety of yielding to me at this time, as 1 have
occasion to ask for an executive session.
Mr. IVERSON. No, sir; I prefer to go on
now; 1 shall occupy but a short time. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee, as T understand, objects to
this appropriation; anions other reasons, because
it may swell the current winch seems to be run-
ning in this country and Great Britain towards a
rupture between that Government and ourselves.
He is apprehensive that a movement of this sort
would offend the delicate sensibilities of John
Bull; and, therefore, he thinks we ought not to
adopt it. Now, sir, for one, I do not know
whether every movement of this Government to-
wards fortifying our coast, and increasing our
national defenses would, offend the delicate sen-
sibilities of John Bull or not. The Senator seems
to think that it may, and that John Bull—that
sturdy and unruly animal—would kick up. I
will not offend the delicate sensibilities and ears
polite of this presence by using an expression
which, doubtless, will be suggested to the mind
of every gentleman present; but I will say that,
if every movement of this Government towards
strengthening our defenses shall make John Bull
restive, and cause him to kick up, kt him kick
and rear as much as he pleases until he is tired.
It is our duty, and the honor and safety of our
country demand that we should put ourselves in
a position of defense.
Sir, according to the proposition and argument
of the honorable Senator from Tennessee, we
should not only refuse to vote this appropriation
to put our national arms in a condition of useful-
ness to the country, but we should stop the con-
struction of our fortifications which have been
already begun; we should not build any other
fortifications; and, to carry out the argument to
its legitimate extent, in order to avoid offense to
the British people, we should disband the Army
of the United States, because, I suppose, that, at
least, would be evidence conclusive to our delicate
and sensible friends on the oth«r side of the water
that we had no hostile intentions towards them.
