1350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
■who is aged and absent, and I feel it to be my
duty to punish you for it."
He then struck Mr. Sumner with his walking
cane, giving him repeated and severe blows.
It appears, also, from the testimony, that Mr.
Edmundson, of Virginia, and Mr. Keitt, of South
Carolina, both members of the House, had been
told by Mr. Brooks that he intended to call Mr.
Sumner to account for the offensive portion of the
speech already alluded to, and did not communi-
cate that fact to Mr. Sumner, or to any other
person as far as the committee are informed; but
neither of them knew when or where Mr. Brooks
intended to execute his purpose, nor does it ap-
pear that Mr. Brooks had informed any other
person of his intention. The question presented
for our consideration upon this state of facts is:
Do these facts involve a breach of the privileges
of the Scnotc, or of the House, or of any mem-
ber thereof, over which the House can take any
remedial jurisdiction, or for which it can inflict
any punishment? and, if so, what course it be-
comes the House to pursue in reference to the
matter ?
Our first inquiry is: what are the privileges of
the Senate, and of the House? Where are they
to be found r Ours is a Government of delegated
power. The Constitution prescribes the duties
of the executive, legislative, and judicial de-
partments of tho Government. It wjII not be
questioned by any one that neither these three
departments combined, nor any one of them
alone, can exercise any power which is not de-
rived from the Constitution. We hold thnt the
privileges of the Senate and of the House must
be looked for in the same instrument, and.that
none exist except those which are expressly de-
clared in the Constitution, or set forth m some
law passed in pursuance thereof, or some rule
adopted under the authority of the same. It
would be strange indeed if the framers of the
Constitution should have denied to all the. De-
partments of the Government collectively, as
well as to each individually, the exercise of any
other than the powers expressly delegated to
them, and yet should have left to the two Houses,
the right to claim and exercise privileges inde-
pendent of the grants of the Constitution.
Congress ean pass no law subjecting any citi-
zen to punishment, unless it Khali be in'pursuance
of a power delegated by the Constitution; nor can
the Executive exercise any authority, unless it be
derived from the same source. If, however, we
are permitted to look for the privileges of the
Senate and of the House to some other quarter
than to the Constitution, it would present the
strange anomaly of denying to the two bodies m
their legislative rapaoKy f'1(' f'X-nch-e of inherent
or inferential power*, the liberty of the
citizen, and yet granting to either one, m its sop-
arate position, the exereise of such t\ power. It
would seem necessary only to state the proposi-
tion, and that its bare statement would carry with l
it its own refutation. " i
It is claimed that the Senate and House each j
possesses the inherent right to declare what its '
pihileges are, and to punish for the violaUon of1
them. If this docn me be t *ue, then the House j
has the power to declare that on act committed !
to-day, which is 111 violation of no provision of ;
the Constitution, no law of the land, no rule of i
the House, and which is therefore, so far as the. i
citizen may be informed, innocent in itself, a vio- i
latinn and a breach of its privileges, and to m- '
flict punishment for the same. j
The admission of such a right would consti- j
tute either House of Congress a legislative, judi- 1
«'ial, and an executive powr combined; having i
the power of a Legislature to pass the law, the j
power ol a judge to expound it, and the power !
to execute it. A more perfect despotism never \
has and never can exist than—if such be the !
fact docs exist in either branch of Congress. j
io appreciate properly the enormity of this;
power and the abuse to which its exercise might 1
lead, it is only necessary to add, that from the |
very nature oi the case this law, thus made, and j
thus cntorccd, is an (x post facto law, directly vio- j
lative of tin: letter of the Constitution and repug- |
nant to the whole spirit of our American institu- 1
tions. i
We are directed by the advocates of these !
privileges to the parliamentary law of England, '
as the source from which they arc derived. We |
cannot recognize that the privileges claimed and
exercised by the British Parliament have been
adopted into our system of government ;and before
the public mind of this country acquiesces m such
a doctrine, it would be well to examine, with
some care, the extent to which it has been carried
in England, and the power which has been exer-
cised by Parliament under its claim. From small
and obscure beginnings, it has been constantly
increasing and strengthening, until its exercise,
even in England, has alarmed the apprehensions
of a people less blessed with free institutions than
we are.
In England the privileges of Parliament rest for
their sanction and support upon the omnipotence
ofParliament. It will hardly be contended that
that omnipotence has been transferred with par-
liamentary law to our Congress. In England
these privileges are still progressing, owing to
the fact that they studiously reject all definition of
them, the doctrine being that their " dignity and
independence are preserved by keeping their
privileges indefinite, and that the maxims on
which they proceed, together with the method of
proceeding, rest entirely in their own breast, and
are not defined and ascertained by any particu-
lar stated laws."
For the purpose of placing before the House for
their consideration some of the precedents of the
Hritish Parliament, we submit an cxtraet taken
from an able minority report presented to this
House m 3N&S, by Hon. P. P. Barbour, ofVir-
gima, in which a few of these precedents have
been collected:
" A man by the name of fhanlield was fined £.">00 each
to four member* whom h<* had slandered. Laid Saviile
wa  committed to the Tower for leftwng to name the per-
son wi'o hud written u lettei to linn, which l\n hament had
thought tieuoheious. In ir>t7, an oi der u <is nuide lor sev-
eral inemlcK of the FToikp to take scuii" of the deputies of
the sei^eaut-at-auiH, and to hruak open the doors and neize
the trunk's and p.ipeis ol one Captain Vernon
u In l(>"4, ;t f-choolma^ter was (jviiiniinni for an Auan
book ; the book was* tunned by the lmn<U< of the hangman,
lie was eonlnied m i\ew ,ue, and then hutn-hed to the
Hly ol St illy. Their is.ic.im; which reniaikal)!e tor the
eapiico whieh dictated the punishment • two person-: wore
placed back to back on a and, with a label-.peeifyniij
the oifense, made to tide in tln« manner round Cliaiing-
cio«; and thai, too, foi aue^tuiy a member^ seivant, m
uolation ol' a j iivtie^e not now claimed. A-, h'jwevei, it
may be objected to Mime of the-e pieeedent* that they
or ( utred in had linn •> —tli.it i*, din ni" the penod of the Long
Parliament—mhuc more modem one-, will now be quoted.
Mm the raM* of Shirley r? Faun, in the twenty-seventh
of ('liarle< the Second, the lloiw of ('ommon-j maintained
that an appeal taken fiorn the Com t of ('hanceiy to the
House oi Louis, by Shnley agam^t Fare, wiio was one of
their members, was a breach of their privileges.
In aiiothei ca-jc, which was an appeal taken by Ciispe
against Uelniahoy, who was a member, they nnpiisonod
tne M'igeants and barristers who had pleaded for Cu^pc,
coutiaiy io an oidei of the House, us lor a In each ol'pnv-
ib'ye.
*• In the ease of Admiral Guflirh, a member, certain per-
!ion< who had tie-pas-,cd on Ins lisheiv were found gutltyof
a bie.u h ot pi ivilege, and w eie ouleu'd to >{<uid commuted,
and were uti"rwanN dwhaiged, atlei being rept imanded on
their knees, mid pa\ mi: the costs. And even a- late a* about
the vear ISLI,Sii Fiancis Ihndett was eomiriticd to the
Towei of London lor a bieaeh ol' privilege in wilting or
publishing a libel, as it was deemed by the iloiise ot Com-
mons. hi lanes moie icrnote, judges weie put in custody
oi the -ciseant-at-.ilins , and in one in>i,iuce, .Judge Beik-
ley was taken oil' his bemeh m Westminster llall, bv the
u.shei of tiie black rod, to the great tenor of bis brethren ;
but the instances quoted, of counsel being imprisoned tor
nijrums? a ratit-e, and person* ordered to be committed for
an alleged tre--pas-\ aie ^tiong illustiatious of ihe position
that no in m or <?et ot men can safely be tru-ted with the
umcstiained power of pidgins? and punishing m then own
ca-e. it irf not sufficient to sav that the limine will not
follow biieh absUid precedents; once let it be settled that
it depends upon their discretion alone to decide whether
theie id a contempt or biuaeh of puvdegr, and to decide
both the kind and meruit} of punishment, without the
power of any other tiibunal to relieve, then, tiie citizen's
t bum to libeity is not a matter of right, but of su{(■'crance.,, ,
And, for the purpose of more full}?- illustrating 1
the extent and enormity of these privileges, as j
! exercised by the British Parliament, we add to j
the foregoing collation a few additional instances, I
although the number could be multiplied indefi- j
nitely. !
a !3th June, 1020.—George Gardner, for scandalizing the '
Justice of thi-5 [loufC, and tor unjustly slandenng the Lord |
Keepej, was oulered to stand m the pilloiy at Westminster,
with a papoi on lu  head declaim^ ins offense, and to ride 1
backward, with the same paper, to the ero^s in Ciieapside, ■
and fo to stand m the pdloiy there, and 50 to rule back- ;
ward to the Fleet. And though the Lord Keeperdid earn-
e^tlvdc.sire this punishment might be forgiven Gaulner, vet '
the House denied it. " |
" l-2th June, 1G-28.—En=i2n Ileyndes, for i2nominiou3 ;
speeches, and a contempt of this hi?h couit of Parliament, 1
was adjudged ' nevei to bear aims, to be unworthy to be j
a soldiar, to nnpusonment duiing pleasure, to bUnd m the j
pillory, and to ask forgiveness, and fined.
"1st March, 1676.—D'r. Carey was fined £1,000 for re-
fusing to discover bis knowledge of a libel, and to be com-
mitted to the Tower until lie pays the same.
a 3-2d February, IGtn —The Hou«-e was informed that
there was a paper delivered at the door, reflecting on the
House, by Robert Crossfield ; whereupon he was called m,
and owned the paper; but, refusing to give the House an
account who printed it, lie was oideied into custody."
It is thus seen that the British Parliament, under
the doctrine of privilege, exercised an unlimited
power of fine and imprisonment, nnd in some of
the cases cited have gone so far as to banish the
citizen from the realm. In other cases they have
caused private dwellings to be searched, and with-
out other authority of law than that exercised by
virtue of their assumed privilege, have seized
and destroyed the property of the citizen. "Will
it be contended that such powers can be exercised
by either House of Congress? If Congress de-
rive its privileges from the parliamentary law,
and that parliamentary law recognizes no other
restraint except the wisdom and the justice of
those who exercise the power, then it is for each
House of Congress, at the time of the commission
of any act which it may think proper to regard as
a violation of its privileges, so to deteimine, to
declare that such act is a violation of its priv-
ileges, and to inflict such punishment as it in its
discretion may determine upon. To this extent
must the doctrine be carried if wc look to that
source at all, to ascertain the privileges of either
House of Congress. The whole parliamentary
law on the subject must either be repudiated or
adopted. If we adopt it, we have then existing
in our country a body of men, authorized, after
the commission of an act, to declare that act a
violation of congressional privilege, fulminate a
punishment for it, and execute the same; though,
. at the time the act was committed, neither the
i person committing it, nor the members of the
| body themselves, entertained the idea that its
! commission would bo attended with such results.
! So monstrous a doctrine, in om judgment, cannot
; and ought not to be maintained.
j We cannot concur m the doctrine that powers,
' such as Ave have seen, have been exercised by
; the JSritish Parliament, under the claim of priv-
\ ilege, exist in the Houses of Congress. The
j framers of our Constitution manifested too much
: care and anxiety for the protection of the liberty
! and property of the citizen, to suppose that they
; intended to clothe each House of Congress with
j such unlimited control over both liberty and
• property. In express terms they declared in tho
; Constitution that "the trial of all crimes, except
j in cases of impeachment, shall be by jury." By
! the fifth amendment to the Constitution, it was
j provided.that " no person shall be held to answer
| for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless
i on a presentment or indictment of a grand jury,
! except in cases ai ising in the land or naval forces,
| or in the militia, when in actual service in time
j of war or public danger; nor shall any person be
I' subject for the same offense to be twice put in
j: jeopardy of life or limb, nor shall be compelled
m any criminal case to be a witness against him-
self, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property,
ij without due process of law."
|i These pro\isionsof the Constitution announce
great and fundamental principles for the protec-
\ \ tinn of the character, reputation, libeity, and
j property of the citizen. Our people have been
j, accustomed to look to them with reverential
1 regard. The idea of depriving a citizen of either
' i his liberty or his property, or subjecting his good
j| name to any unjustimputation, without "due pro-
!' cess of law," shocks all our notions of constJtu-
; tional liberty. Neither the Federal nor State
| Governments, in the exercise of all the powers
[ granted to them respectively, are permitted to set
! at defiance these plain and sacred principles; but
it is maintained that congressioral privilege, more
j potent than all these, rises above the organic
; law, and, planting itself upon the precedents of
the Hritish Parliament, carries in the bosom of
1 members of Congress unknown and undeclared
; laws, which can be declared and enforced by the
paities in interest simultaneously with the com-
mission of the act. If this doctrinc be true, tho
^ Constitution ought to read, that "the citizen
, shall not be deprived of property or liberty,
i without due process of law," unless itbe necessary
; to vindicate the privileges of the two Houses of
; Congress, or some member thereof.
! We find, in the decision to which the majority
