THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OP CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Co.vgress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1856.
New Series....No. 140.
Mr. PTIGH. I propose a compromise. We
have adopted a compensation bill for ourselves,
giving' ourselves a salary. It seems to me that,
if the clerks of our committees were mere scribes,
we could employ them from session to session,
but for important committees it requires some-
thing more. I have endeavored to ascertain from
my friend from Virginia, who is chairman of the
Committee on Finance, what would be a reason-
able compensation to the clerks of these commit-
tees which now ask to have their clerks made
permanent. I think thecleik to the Committee
on Finance ought to have a higher compensation
than the rest. I have drawn this provision as a
substitute for the resolution, and I hope it will be
accepted:
That the following named committee* of the Senate be
authorized to employ one olcik each at the anriuai onnipen-
s-dT'on of £l,4U(h to wit: The Committees on Foreign
Rf J:it!oris, Military Affairs, hitimn AfFan*. Naval Allans,
Judiouuy, Tei ntories, Pri\ ate Land Claims*, Public Lands,
and I'eriMOns, sueh cieik.- to lie -uhji-et to the direction of
the f5ecietary of the Senate dining the rccess.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not now
in order. The first question in order is the amend-
mentof the Senatoi from Delaware to tile amend-
ment of the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. BAYARD. I withdraw my amendment,
and accept the substitute of the Senator from Ohio.
j\Jr. SEKASTI AX. I withdraw mine also.
Mr. PLTGH. The Senator from Pennsylvania
asks me to include the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do so for the reason that
I undeistand the clerk of the Committee on
Claims receives more than the clerk of the Com-
mittee on Finance, and I promised the chairman
of the Committee on Contingent Expenses to
reduce it. Tiieie was an allegation that he re-
ceived over $2,000 a year, audi promised him to
reduce it. I wish to comply with my word.
Air. AVELLER. I accept the substitute. Any
way in the world to bring this question to a con-
clusion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
then,is on the resolution as modified.
Air. PUG-H t wish to insert the clerk of the
Committee on Claims.
Tne PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read
as amended.
li was read, as follows:
Risoheft Thai the lollowiwr named committer of the
Senate be authoi i7<jrl J" finplo\ a elnk each, at an annual
compensation of jfL-KJO, t<> wit: the Committer1:? on i or-
Relations, JUilitaiv Affairs-, Indian -AlTairss, \i\al
Affair*, Judiciary, Ti'inturi'^, PmaU: k.ind Claims, Public
L:md<. and Pensions; <ul'1i clerks to he subject to the
direction of tlie Sccietaiy of the Senate during the lccws.
Mr. B1GLER. I wish to offer an amendment,
to add to the resolution:
That there be allowed and paid to each of the empioves
of the Senate the same compensation that is allowed to
the erepl.ives of the House of Representative": hy a lega-
tion ot tile House of Representatives of the 15th Aiiaurt.
to be paid out of the contingent turn! 01 the Senate,
nnder the dneelion of tlie committee to audit and eontiot
tiie same.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I promised to reduce the
compensation of the clerk of the Committee on ^
Claims to the same as the clerk of the Com- >
mittee on Finance, which is £1,800 a year. ;
Mr. WELLER. I cannot vote to give mm '
moie than the clerk of the Committee on Military ;
Affairs. ;
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend the resolu- ,
tion by inserting the Committee on Commerce. ;
Mr.'PCJGH. I have no choice as to that. I
ilu not object to it if it is stated to be accessary.
1 do not Klung to tliat committee. ^
Mr. FOSTER. I move to add the clerk ot the
Committee oil Revolutionary Claims, who is a
ypvv meritorious man. -
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
quebtum is on the amendment ot the fc-eiiutor
from Pennsylvania, [Mi. I>k;i.er.]
Mr. BlLrGS. i j.ud on the taMe before^ the
Sfiuitoi t'lomOhio a substitute, which has hren
overlooked. 1 want to modify that, and £,iyo
no'ice of tlio modification which I propose. 11 is:
Resolve.!, Tiint sueh oj the committers oi t^e Senate
a* inny d^em it expedient iwaj continue th*u cles'^* dm ins
140
the recess, at the same pro rata compensation as that paid
to the clerk of the Committee on Finance.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposi-
tion of the Senator from Ohio was accepted in
I place of the resolution before the Senate, and
this is an amendment to it.
Mr. BIGGS. My object is to make the com-
mittees themselves responsible, to determine the
question whether they think it expedient to con-
tinue their clerks during the recess, and give
them, tf continued, the compensation of the clerk
of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. PUGH. That gives them $1,800 a year,
and mine gives them §1,400.
The PRESIDING OFFCER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Air. BifiLEn.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is oti the amendment of the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] to insert the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,] to insert the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims. m
The amendment was rejected.
.Mr. REID. I move to insert the clerk of the
Committee on the District of Columbia." I think
that committee has as much use for a clerk during
the recess as the other committees.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Brows-,] who is at the head of
that committee, desired me to state that a major-
. ity of the committee concurred in the necessity
i of that provision.
I The amendment was rejected.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next quos-
i tion is on the substitute of the Senator from
I North Carolina, [Mr. Biggs.]
Mr. BRIGHT. That proposition commends
itself to mv judgment. I think it is the one
which should beadoptcd. It throws the respons-
ibility on the committees to say on their honor
whether or not they need a clerk during the re-
cess.
Mr. IYERSON. I think that is no responsi-
bility at all, because every committee will yield
out of good nature to the clerk.
Mr. CLAY. I will judge of what is to be by
what has been heretofore. Heretofore we have
retained nearly al1 of them, and if it lias been
done heretofore, I think it wtll be done in the fu-
ture. All will get <11,800 then, which is §400 more
than the proposition of the Senator from Ohio.
I shall vote against it.
The substitute of Mr. Bic.os was rejected. _
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to insert $1,000, jn
place of $1,400, in the substitute that has been
voted down. .
Mr. IYERSON. It is too late. The substi- j
tute has been rejected. I
Mr. BRIGHT. I offer it in that shape with
§1,COO.
Mr. TROIBCLE called tor the yeas and nays; ;
and thev were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. What is the question '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the substitute offered by the Senator uom
Indiana, which is the same as that of the Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Bic.c.s,] but fixing tne
rate of compensation at SE6U0.
BRIGHT. For 'he <nkr of si rarin; the
of tlie men sin e, I will insert vl ,;jOU. leav-
it with the coiiuiiiltus to cu-uiy whether they
liei d a clerk.
Mr. "WILSON. 1 v ish to propose an amend -
meift.
<"> r, nlher. That the Sceumiv of tlio Senate sub-
mit to the senate, .it the commencement "t'ti.e ni;;vt se^ion,
" "t ,'eniei.t eVi imt;iw tl.e uuiuli"! of pennon-. MK rc-o-
; utile, co.m.,.1,nation-r, 1-r.cd to et.fl,
o! ;; e uLunt! committee, of tie Senate wli.ei, have em-
plou'd a clerk d-nmi; Hie pie-ent >o-ion : ?I; - ' e  ■•> -
ber of bills. le-olutums, or iepo,-ti icpoitui bj Ci..n -t the
' cjikI committees derml* the pre^eot
Mr. ■
passage
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair ■
decides that the amendment is not in order to
this proposition. It is not germane to it. The'
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Bright.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 15; as follaws:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee,
Big^'ri, Bright, Brodhead, ileii^I;!-, Jones of Iowa, Mattory,
Pugii, Uetij. Sebastian, Seward, Stuatt, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, Wade, and WeiJer—17.
NAYS — Messrs. Bigier, Clay, Fish, Foster, Geyer, Har-
lan, Hon-ton, Hunter, Iverson, Pearce, Pratt, Toomlw,
Trumbull, Wilson, and Yltlee—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the resolution as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS —Mevsrs. Adann, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee,
Burn r, Ilrmht, Biodliead, Douglas, Jones of Iowa, Matlory,
Pil ll, Real, Sebastian, Seward, Stuart, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, Wade. Weller, ami Ytilee—18. *
SAYS — Messrs Bigg*. Fi^li, Foster, Geyer, Har-
lan, Hou-ton, Uuntei, iverson, Mason, Pearce, Pratt,
Toombs, Tiuilibull. and Wilson—15.
So the resolution was adopted.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL. '
Mr. COLLAMER. The committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two.HouseS'
on the bill (H. R. No. 315) having met, after full
and free conference, agree to recommend that the
House of Representatives agree to the amend-
ments of the Senate, numbered as sections three,
four, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, and eleven;
and that the Senate recede from the amendments
numbered as sections five, twelve, thirteen, four-
teen, and fifteen. I will state the amendments
from which the Senate are recommended to re-
cede. One was a provision for allowing mail
i contractors to locate lands as pree'mptorsin quar-
ter sections for stations on the roads in Minne-
sota, east of the Mississippi. , Last year a law
of that kind was passed in relation to coirtraetOTSf
on roads west of the Mississippi river, providing
that they might locate a section for every twenty
miles on the route. It was proposed in this amend-
ment to extend the same privileges to routes in
Minnesota, east of the river. The House disa-
greed to that provision, and the committee recom-
mended the Senate to recede. The twelfth, thir-
teenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth sections, are tft
relation to the overland mail to California.
Mr. WELLER. The substance of the report
is, that the committee sacrifice the overland mail
to California and secure all the other amendments
' by giving that no.
Mr. COLLAMER. And the amendment for
Minnesota.
Mr. WELLER. I wish the Senate to under-
I stand that the compromise is to give up every-
1 thing that California has asked for.
j The report of the committee was concurred in.
I ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
^ The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
' lowing enrolled bill and resolution:
An act to establish certain post roads: and
A resolution giving an increased compensation
to the laborers in the employment of the execu-
I' tive and legislative departments of the Govern-
\ ment in the city of Washington.
'i ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
'! message from the House of Representatives,
i' by Mr. CrLi.OM, their Clerk, announced that the
' House further insisted on their amendment to
'■ the amendment of the Senate, disagreed to by the
! House to the bill (H. R. No. 153) making ap-
! prop nations for the support of the Army for tho
'• year ending; the 30th of .Tune, 185T, asked for a
i' third conference, and had appointed as conferees
I on their part, j\lessi'3. Lewis D. Campbell^
orrj and spivner.
Mr. H ENTER. I move that the Senate further
I. ins'st and aLrree to the conference asked tor by
i the House.
