626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10
I spoke of the danger of increasing that feeling-,
current, or panic, or whatever u may be called,
in regard to war, which exists in our country.
There is seldom a day passes that I do not get
letters fro.rn the interior asking whether or not
.we are to be involved in war. Business is tram-
meled by sucli a fear.
I repeat, that I regret that the honorable Sena-
tor from Georgia has informed us that in his
opinion the danger of war is imminent. Lot me
tell him again, that I said nothing about John Bull
and his sensibilities, and I cared nothing about
them in this connection. I also took exception
to'the bill on the ground that the appropriation
was not specific, and that there was plenty of
time, if an exigency did arise, for voting the
amount necessary to meet it. I said thatwc had
plenty of time if an exigency should arise; but
1 did not sec that there was any immediate
danger of war, and I did not perceive why this
amount could not be as well voted three, or four,
or five months hence, as now.
' Mr. President, I have said this much to explain
niy own course and to correct misapprehensions
•which it has excited. The honorable Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Cass] made some remarks
which, perhaps, call for some further explana-
tion on my part. I am sorry that he is not now
present in the Chamber, but perhaps ho may read
the report of what I may say. 1 can itifoim him
that I did nol. state that this appropriation ought
not to be made, because I thought there was no
danger of war. Why, sir, I said the other day
—and I feci it more strongly since the remarks
of the honorable Senator from Georgia—that if
the Executive and his friends want a war, they
can have it. Although Congress is the proper
war-making power, such is the feeling of the
country, and so largo is the discretion of the
executive Government, that wc may find our-
selves in the course of twenty days involved in
war, or placed in such a position that wc could
not avoid declaring war. The honorable Senator
from Michigan, if he wore here, would under-
stand this point readily. There may be such a
course of action on the part of the Executive as
to concern the national honor, and to involve our
feelings of national dignity and pride of character
to sucli an extent, tfiat we must go to war, al-
though Congress had no deliberate voice m it.
As I said on a former occasion, the appropria*
tion asked for may he proper for accomplishing
the objects proposed. I admit that it may be
proper to make such appropriations, though there
be no immediate danger ot war, when we know
that there may be war; and for myself I cannot
know that there will not be war. The remarks
of the honorable Senator from Georgia have
strengthened me in the apprehension that there
may be a war, and we shall ho involved m diffi-
culty ir lie is the true index of feeling at the other
end of the avenue. My honoiable fiiend from
Jowa, [Mr. Joxxs,j who si(s by my side, says
he hopes there will be a war. The remarks of
those gentlemen are entitled (o some attention.
I confess that the honorable Senator from Geoigia
startled me.
Well, sir, with reference to the bill under con-
sideration, as I have said before, if there be, no
imminent dauger of war, yet if we arc in such cir-
cumstances that we may suddenly find ourselves
involved m a war, whether we will it or not,
there is wisdom in making provision in advance.
The honorable Senator from California,the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, is
better informed on this subject, than I am; but he
will find that I will be the last man to flinch from
any vote necessary to put this country m a proper
attitude of defense, t shall he mote anxious to
do so now than before, since llucvo heard the dec-
larations made to-day. I will now give my vote
for the bill as it stands in the shape in which it
has been placed by the amendment of the honor-
able Senator from California, by the reconsidci-
ation of the former vote and the insertion of
specific details.
I have no desire to trouble the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, but I
wish to ask him whether the $1 ,<250,000 which
he proposes to appropriate for repairing old small-
arms can be expended judiciously within the
present year. It would be more satisfactory if
he would give the Senate the information which
he is presumed to have in his possession. If* it
supposed that this amount can be expended
during the present or the next fiscal year ? The
bill also proposes to expend $450,000 for ord-
nance, which, we are told, is to be sent to Cali-
fornia and elsewhere. Is it supposed that that
can be done at once ! I doubt whether such a
large appropriation can be safely and usefully
expended within a year. The honorable Senator
from Virginia has suggested that it is economical
to make a sufficient appropriation to have all these
things accomplished in the shortest time. That
is not the most effective method of having things
of this sort accomplished. Works of this nature
must be done in a durable and inaskillful manner.
You can have a million dollars' worth of ord-
nance for fortifications prepared within six
months, but what will it be worth ? Not a quar-
ter of what it cost, perhaps. The same remark
is true as to other arms of every description. It
requires great knowledge, great fidelity in super-
intendence; and many things must be considered
in works of this sort. But, sir, 1 shall not detain
the Senate longer. I merely rose for the purpose
of putting myself right.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President,I can hardly
consent that the Senate shall adjourn without
having made such explanations as I think will
satisfy them that the honorable Senator has
quite misapprehended my course of action in re-
gard to these questions, and that there has been
a logical, and 1 trust a patriotic, consistency in
it throughout.
In the first place, I ask the honorable Senator
what would he require of me in regard to the de-
fense of the country under any state of circum-
stances which he supposes to exist? He desires
that the country shall be put into a condition, of
defense for war. The Committee on Military
Affairs have reported a bill for new fortifications.
I have declared my leadiness to vote for that.
They did bring before us a bill making appropri-
ations for new fortifications in Texas, Florida,
and California; and 1 gave my vote in favor of
flint. A bill lias been presented to us for repair-
ing, enlarging, and extending the old fortifica-
tions, and I have already declared that I shalWote
for that. If I have not voted for these bills, it is
only because no vote upon them has yet been de-
manded. The Committee on Naval Affairs re-
ported a bill for the construction of ten wnr-steam-
ers. I gave my vote and my voice without ques-
tion for that measure. To-day the Committee
on Military Affairs ask for $3,000,000 to supply
the fortifications and the armories of the United
States with arms and ordnance. 1 have stated
distinctly that if their bill should be put in the
form now proposed by the honorable chairman
of the Committee on ftftihtary Affairs, at his own
instance, I should vote for tlutt. It has been put
into that form, and I am only waiting for the
question to be taken to vote for it.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to interrupt him5
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Air. IVKliSON.. I made no reference what-
ever to the Senator's votes. They have all of them,
in mv opinion, conformed to the position which
he nrsumed in the early part of the discussion
m reference to our relations with England, [Mr.
Snu'aiid. Certainly.) which I flunk did him
honor. But whenever he has given those votes,
he has taken very good care, as it seemed to me,
to explain the reasons which operated on him for
giving them, and to disclaim that there was any
intention or any effect in those votes towards
bringing on a war with Great Britain. While he
is voting to put the country m a state of defense,
lie seems to be exceedingly anxious to notify
Great Britain that we have not ihe least intention
to bo insulted at anything she may do.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator need
not have repeated any portion of his former
speech, because he stated his position before dis-
tinctly and plainly enough.
Mr. 1VEUSON. 1 spoke only of the Senator's
remarks.
Mr. SEWARD. I have shown the honorable
Senator that m regard to putting the country in a
condition of defense, or of preparation even for
hostile war, my votes have been as bold and as
liberal as the committee of this House represent-
ing the Administration have demanded. He agrees
| that there is a logical consistency in my votes. I
' will now show the honorable Senator that there
is an entire consistence in niy voice upon the sub-
ject, as that has been called in question.
When the Central American question was sent
here by the President of the United Slates, it was
sent as a closed and complete volume. We were
told that the correspondence was ended. I rose
and said that, upon examining the papers pre-
sented to us, I found that we had reached the end
of the negotiation; that on the one side the Amer-
ican Government had explicitly demanded of
Great Britain that she should withdraw from the
Mosquito coast and retire from the Bay Islands,
and confine herself within the admitted bounds
of the settlement of Belize; and that, on the other
side, Great Britain had with equal explicitness
refused to comply with these demands. I said
that insomuch as the negotiations were at an end,
it became the duty of the United States and of the
people of the United States to review the whole
negotiation, and to declare their opinion whether
the positions of our Government were right and
ought to be sustained. After carefully and calmly
reviewing; them, I arrived at the conclusion that
the positions assumed by the Government of the
United States in all their parts were right, and
must be sustained. I have never retracted, and
I will never retract, one word of that conviction.
Can the honorable Senator point to the time or
the place whcie I have made any retraction or
qualification? Certainly, he cannot.
The honorable Senator snys, however, that I
made a warlike speech. He characterized my
speech by another epithet, that I do not choose
to repeat; and so, being pleased to construe that
speech as a warlike one, he contrasted it with the
remarks 1 make now, and gives them an exag-
gerated character of a different nature, and hence
infers that there hps been an inconsistency in my
course. Sir, that speech of mine went to Great
Britain, and if I had been willing I could have
risen in my place here, any day, and produced
the London Times, the comments of which are
frequently read in our hearing, and shown that
the Loudon Times, in one of its articles, assumed
precisely the same ground which I had taken in
regard to the merits of this question, and to the
importance of a relinquishment by Great Britain
to the United States. In another article carefully
reviewing it, the speech which 1 made was repre-
sented by the same London Times as a pacific
speech. Then the honorable Senator from Georgia
is at issue with the other party in this national
controversy—the party across the water—on the
character of my former speech. In England they
regard the speech which I made as a pacific one;
he regards it as a warlike one. Both arc in error.
In considering the subject of our relations with
Great Britain on that occasion, I attempted to
examine it in all itsbearingsand in all its aspects,
and I arrived at the conclusion that there could
be no war growing out of the questions at issue,
because Great Britain was in the wrong, and her
people were intelligent and were in favor of peace;
and that, if needs must be, they would overrule
the action of the Government and acquiesce in thr*
American demands. I still think so. I have had
no fear of a war with Great Britain. But it was
obvious this was an assumption—an opinion; and
therefore it was necessary that I should go further,
and examine the case as it w ould stand if I should
have judged erroneously as to the temper of the
British nation. Then it became a question in
which there was a possibility of war. To that
possibility I addressed myself, and stated that it
arose out" of the fact that the negotiations wero
ended, and the parties were diametrically opposed
to each other in the determination which they
expressed.
Mr. TVERSON. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to put a question to him? *
Mr. SEWARD. Not now. I will presently,
if the Senator will wait. Then, assuming that
aspect of the ease, I said that the question of how
to avoid a war would come up. 1 said that some
might propose that we should offer arbitration,
and my reply was, that we could not offer arbitra-
tion, because of two reasons: in the first place,
we had passed already the point where ive could
offer to arbitrate; and, m the second place, I knew
of no Power in Europe (as a first impression) to
whom we could properly refer such a matter. I
said, however, that Gieat Britain might offer ar-
bitration on her part, and it was not for me then
to say what I would do m that case, but I would
