616
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 26,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
to slavery, and resented the idea of its introduc-
tion. Not at all, sir. . They wished a division of
Territory) and this complaint was inserted
with others, in order to make out a case of usurp-
ation against the Territorial Legislature. The
establishment of a court of chancery was another
pretext for complaint. In their memorial (which
I have here) they implore Congress to allow them
the privilege of holding slaves:
« The memorial of th« undersigned persons, being a com-
mittee appointed by the inhabitants of the Illinois, for the
purpose of laying their grievances before the National Legis-
lature, respectfully showeth:
" That this country is composed of that part of the do-
main of the United States on the northwest of the river
Ohio, which, by the ordinance or compact of 1787, has been
designated to form the western State, bounded by the Mis-
sissippi, the Ohio, the Wabash, a north line drawn troni
Vincennes to the divisional line between the United btates
and Canada, and by this line to the Lake of the Woods and
the Mississippi.
"That for the purposes of a temporary government, it
now forms a member of the Indiana Territory, and is di-
vided into two counties, Randolph and St. Clair.
"That the form and extent of this government have,
from certain circumstances, become not only undesirable,
but productive of the most pernicious effects; and your me-
morialists most humbly solicit your attention while they
detail these circumstances, while they suggest the propriety
of a division of this government, and the erection of that
part of it, above described, into a separate colon^.
'• Your memorialists approach your honorable body with
the more confidence on this subject, since they flatter them-
selves that the nation has become sensible of the situation
in which they have been, their long struggles, their unpro-
tected state, their patient submission to inconveniences,
and their claims to be now heard."
********
"Your memorialists would further beg leave to solicit,
as a thing which would be promotive of the prosperity of
this country, the permission to hold slaves in it.
" The principle of domestic servitude we do not advocate;
yet domestic servitude has found its way into the United
States—it is immovably established there. When an evil
becomes irremediable, is itnot wisdom to convert it, if pos-
sible, to some use?
" However unnecessary this state of servitude may be
thought in the eastern part of this Territory, no man has
doubted its importance here, where, among whites, health
and labor are almost incompatible; here, too, a country to
which it would probably bring back the principal settlers of
Upper Louisiana, since they have been driven from home
by the fear of losing their servants."
I have related the action of the third select com-
mittee upon the Indiana memorial, to which, as
I have said, these two documents were likewise
referred. That report was committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, but 1 cannot find
that it ever came to a vote, or was even dis-
cussed.
The Legislature of Indiana Territory perse-
vered, however, in its application. In December,
1806, it adopted, unanimously, a series of resolu-
. tions upon the subject, and a copy was presented
to the Senate as well as to the House. (Ameri-
can State Papers, "Miscellaneous," vol. 1, p.
467.) I will read one of tfce resolutions:
" Resolved unanimously, That the citizens of this part of
the former Northwestern Territory consider themselves as
having claims upon the indulgence of Congress, in regard
to a suspension of the said article, because, at the time of
the adoption of the ordinance of 1787, slavery was toler-
ated, and slaves generally possessed by the citizens then
inhabiting the country, amounting to at least one half the
present population of Indiana, and because the said ordi-
nance was passed in Congress when the said citizens were
not represented in that body, without their being consulted,
and without their knowledge and approbation."
Upon these resolutions in the House, a fourth
committee was appointed, of which Mr. Parke
was chairman. This committee reported on the
12th of February, 1807, in favor of the rights
claimed by the Territorial Legislature. (Amer-
ican State Papers, " Miscellaneous," vol. 1, pp.
477, 478.) I will not detain the Senate with
reading from this report.
By this time, as we have seen, the question
had become complicated with that of dividing the
Territory; and at the next.session, (December
31, 1808,) a report was made in favor of such
division. (American State Papers, " Miscella-
neous," vol.1, pp. 945,946.) A slight concession
bad been made by the act of February 26,1808,
in respect to the right of suffrage. (2 United
States Statutes, 469.)
On the 3d of February, 1809, the Territory
was divided, and Illinois obtained a separate
government. (2 United States Statutes, 314.)
This was followed by an act on the 27th of the
same month, providing that the members of the
Legislative Council in Indiana should be chosen
by the people. (2 United States Statutes, 525.)
By the acts of March 3,1811, and May 20,1812,
the right of suffrage in both Territories was ex-
tended to the full limit suggested in Mr. Gar-
nett's resolution. (2United States Statutes, 659,
741.)
Here ended the intervention of Congress; but
the Legislature of Illinois Territory followed the
example sot by that of Indiana, and African sla-
very continued to exist there (as 1 have said) un-
til and after the adoption of a State government.
This recital demonstrates another fact. It is,
that legislation can exercise no permanent influ-
ence in deciding whether slavery shall or shall
not be established or even continued. Vain and
futile to the last degree is any enactment on that
subject. The condition of the country, its climate,
soil, and staples of production, the supply of
laborers—these are the decisive elements, and
these, in spite of all ordinances or other statutes,
I will at length decide. It proves, also, that the
institutions, adopted under a territorial form of
j government by the people, do not indicate always
the character of the State after its admission into
the Union. Indiana and Illinois are non-slave-
holding States—not because the ordinance of
1787 so provided, but because the labor of Afri-
| cans was found to be unproductive; and the in-
flux of population from Europe (which began
after Napoleon's downfall) supplied a host of la-
borers in the Northwest, far more efficient, intel-
ligent, and useful than slaves ever can become.
Let us return, however, to the primitive legis-
lation of Congress. Soon after John Adams as-
sumed the presidential chair, it would seem, the
discovery was made that a portion of the domain
which now constitutes the States of Alabama and
Mississippi did not belong to Georgia—as there-
tofore supposed—but had been acquired from
Great Britain by the limits prescribed in the
treaty of peace. And therefore, on the 7th of
April, 1798, a territorial government was estab-
lished over it. Here, certainly, is an occasion
for Congress—fettered by no terms of cession—
to have realized that "American policy" which
the Ohio Legislature instructs me to pursue.
The inhabitants were few in numbfer, and the
slaves less—not so many, at all events, as were
then held in the territory northwest of the Ohio
river. But Congress only extended the ordinance
of July 13, 1787, " excepting and excluding the
last article," over that region—or, in other words,
refused to prohibit slavery at all. (United States
Statutes, vol. 1, pp. 549, 550.)
The next case in order is that of Louisiana.
It was during Mr. Jefferson's administration,
March 26, 1804. The tenth section alone is
worthy of notice. That prohibits the importation
of slaves from any port or place without the limits
of the United States, or of slaves brought into the
United States after a certain period. It should be
mentioned in this connection, that an act of Con-
gress had been passed February 28, 1803, im-
posing severe penalties on the master of a vessel
which imported negroes, from abroad, into any
State whose Legislature had forbidden the traffic.
(2 U. S. Stat., 205.) The Louisiana act, how-
ever, did not prevent the introduction of slaves,
except as before mentioned, from any part of the
United States. (2 U. S. Stat., 286.)
These are all the acts of Congress which pre-
ceded the Missouri question; and from these, I
submit, no argument can be drawn in favor of
.congressionalintervention. Meanwhile, it should
be recollected, five slaveholding States had been
added to the Union—Kentucky and Tennessee
while Washington was President; Louisiana dur-
ing Madison's administration; Mississippi and
Alabama during that of Monroe. Where can we
discover at all the settled "policy," of which we
now hear so much—the determination that no
slaveholding State, beyond the original thirteen,
should ever be. permitted ? Sir, there was no such
policy or determination; it is a mere invention—
! a false coinage of later and degenerate times.
I have'tried the patience of the Senate too much
already to yenture upon a discussion of the cir-
cumstances which attended the application, re-
peated rejections, and final admission of Missouri
into the Union. Suffice it to say, sir, that the j
pretext employed against her—the fact, namely, :
that she was a slaveholding State—is a pretext
employed on that occasion for the first time. It
was denounced by Jefferson (who was then alive)
in the most bitter language; it was denounced,
also, by Madison, by Jackson, and by Harrison.
The letters of all these public men, addressed to
Monroe as President, may be found in the un-
published collection to which I have alluded.
This memorable controversy was the last
struggle of the Federalists, as such, for political
power. It originated with the Hartford conven-
tion; and then, as now, the proposition to exclude
slavery from the new States and Territories went
hand-in-hand with a proposition to alter the nat-
uralization laws. Mr. Madison declares, in the
letter from wl\ich I have quoted, that it was a
scheme of "coalesced leaders" to divide "the
Republicans of the North from those of the
South," and make " the former instrumental in
giving the opponents of both an ascendency over
the whole." The Kansas question of our day is
but a repetition of that performance.
The concession made by the act of March 6,
1820, was unwise, and, as it proved, entirely un-
available. I do not censure those great and pa-
triotic men who assented to it as an expedient for
terminating the dispute. They hoped it would
prove a "compromise" indeed—that it would
settle the question forever—that the Union would
have security and the people an unbroken peace.
In the same situation, assuredly, I should have
done as they did.
But, sir, alas! the mistake was a fata] one. It
brought no security and no satisfaction. It un-
settled all that had been settled before. It only
encouraged new aggression; and in the midst of
our war with Mexico, when the zeal of every pa-
triot should have been kindled with a new flame,
the most hideous feature of ancient Federalism
—clad only in another guise—once more received
the approbation of the House of Representatives.
From the date of the Missouri act, in March,
1820, a hollow truce had prevailed; and the evil
day was postponed, thrice and again, by the
coupling of new States together—a slaveholding
State with a non-slaveholding State—Missouri
with Maine, Arkansas with Michigan, Florida
with Iowa, Texas with Wisconsin. This, sir, is
the "peace" which the Senator from Vermont
accuses the last Congress of having broken; and
if this be peace, tell me, in God's name, what i3
discord!
From the day of its enactment, I repeat, until
the day of its abrogation, with one exception,
never did the representatives of the North agree
to the line of the Missouri compromise. Some
resisted it in the case of Arkansas, and some in
the case of Florida. In the case of Texas, to be
sure, they voted for its application—and because
that would exclude slavery from a portion of the
domain to be acquired. But in no other instance,
sir, from first to last. I shall not relate the troub-
lous controversy which grew out of our Mexican
acquisitionsbut as the Senator from Vermont
was so earnest in his charge that the southern
Senators and Representatives had repudiated a
solemn compact, had violated the pledge of their
fathers, had broken the faith of the nation, I must
refer to an occurrence with which he ought to be
familiar. No Senator denies, I presume, that
Oregon was apart of the original Louisiana Ter-
ritory, and subject, therefore, to the terms of the
(so called) Missouri compromise. On the 15th
of January, 1847, whilst the Oregon territorial
bill was before the House of Representatives,
Mr. Burt, of South Carolina, moved to amend
the clause in which slavery was prohibited by
the addition of this preface:
" Inasmuch as the whole of the said Territory lies north
of thirty-six degrees thirty minutes north latitude, known
as the line of the Missouri compromise."
This was not a proposition that slavery should
be permitted in Oregon, nor that the southern
States, or their people, should have any imme-
diate or practical advantage. It was only to de-
clare that the act of March 6, 1820, was a com-
promise in good faith; or, as the Senator from
Vermont now calls it, a solemn compact, and to
base a congressional prohibition of slavery upon
the fact of its existence. The subject was de-
bated, and came, at length, to a formal vote.
There were 82 members in the affirmative, and
113 in the negative—the former chiefly from the
southern States, and the latter entirely from the
