1352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
duty. Therefore, although a speech delivered in the House
of Commons is privileged, and the member cannot be ques-
tioned respecting it elsewhere, yet, if he publishes lus
speech, and it contains libelous matter, he is liable to an
action and prosecution therefor, as in common eases of
libel.
" And the same principles seem applicable to the privilege
of debate and speech in Congress. No man ought to have
a right to defame others, under color of the performance of
the duties of his office. And if he does so in the actual dis-
charge of his duties in Congress, that Jurms-hes no reason
why he should be enabled, through the medium of the pre-?s,
to destroy the reputation and uivade the peace of other
citizens. It is neither within the scopc of his public duty,
nor m furtherance of public rights 01 public policy. Eyeiy
citizen has as good a right to he protected by the laws from
malignant scandal, and false charges, and defamatory im-
putations, as a member of Congress has to utter them in his
seat. If it were othciwisso, a man's cluuacter might be
taken away without the possibility of lcdress. either bv the
malice, or indiscretion, or over-weening self-conceit of a
member of Congress. It is proper, however to apprise the
learned reader, that it has recently been denied m Con-
gress, by very distinguished lawyers, that the privilege of
speech and debate in Congress does not extend to publica-
tion of his speech. And they ground themselves upon a
very important distinction arising from the actual differ-
ences* between English and American legislation. In the
former, the publication of the debates is not stuctly lawful
except by license of the House. In the latter, it is a com-
mon right, exercised and supported by the direct encour-
agement qf the body. Tins reasoning deceives a very at-
tentive examination."
The suggestion of the differences between
English and American legislation on this subject,
alluded to by the learned commentator, in the
closing paragraph of the foregoing extract, does
not strike our minds with the same force that it
did his, and we pass from the further consider-
ation of this branch of this subject, without
giving this distinction that attentive examination
which he has invoked for it.
It was unnecessary, however, for us to have
considered this branch of the argument, as we
know of no authority derived either from the
law, or the rules of Congress, or even from that
uncertain source of power—parliamentary law
—which requires tho Hnuse of Representatives
to take upon itself the duty of preserving and
protecting members of the other branch of Con-
gross in the exercise of their privilege.
Each House must guard its own privileges and
the privileges of its own members, rxcept so fat-
as both may unite in the passage of laws or joint
rules for the declaration and pjotection of tiioxe
privileges. Although we hare been unable to
acquiesce in the principles of all the precedents
which are to be found in the history of Congress,
yet we find it Unnecessary, in the consideiatinn
of this branch of the subject, to assail any of
those precedents, as none have gone to the extent
now claimed—of onolrlousc assuming jurisdiction
over the privileges of the other, for the purpose
of ailbrding piotection to them.
The only provision of the Constitution under
which the power can be exercised, on whieh the
majmiiy of our committee have relied, is the one
already quoted, which dec,lares that:
£i Each Hou««e may determine the niles of its prorcrdmes,
pum-hit^ members lor disordeily behavior, and, with the
concuirence of two thirds, expel o member."
It is a question which has been much discussed,
and one which itis important to decide correctly:
To what extent is the power given to the two
Houses, by tins provision of the Constitution, to
punish their members? Taking the whole para-
graph in its connected sense, it seems to us that
it has reference to the House while in session, in
the actual discharge of its constitutional duties.
The power of providing rules for its proceedings,
it will be seen, is coupled in the same sentence
with the power to punish Us members for disor-
derly behavior, and the power, with the concur-
rence of two thirds, to expel a member. Ifithnd
been contemplated that the powers conferred in
this provision were to be exercised to the extent
now claimed for them, they would hardly have
been placed in such intimate connection with the
simple power of providing rules for the proceed-
ings of the two Houses. We entertain no doubt
that tho whole of this provision looks to the
session of the House; to the providing of rules
for its proceedings during its session; to punish-
ing its members for such disorderly conduct as
would interrupt us session; and, where that con-
duct amounted to such an outrage upon the rules
and proprieties of the House as would justify it,
to expel the member.
To place any other construction upon this pro-
vision, would be to make the members of each
House, and their moral conduct and deportment,
subject to the whim, caprice, and discretion of a
majority of the body. Extend it beyond the
presence of the session of the House, and it
becomes an unlimited power, operative, not only
during the session of Congress, but during the
recess; to be exercised, not only in reference to
the conduct of members when in Washington
city, or in the District of Columbia, but when
they have returned to their respective homes,
and even when they have gone beyond the limits
of the country. "When you have passed the
limits which we have laid down, there is no other
boundary short of congressional discretion. And
we cannot believe that it was the intention of the
framers of the Constitution to place the moral
conduct and deportment of members of the two
Houses of Congress under the control and dis-
cretion of a majority of either House.
No one can foresee to what results such a dis-
cretion would lead. Why should such power
have been vested in the two Houses of Congress ?
What object could have been contemplated by
the framcrs of the Constitution? We can under-
stand very readily the propriety of granting to
each House the right to punish ita members for
disorderly behavior during the sessions of the
House. For this, there was an absolute neces-
sity. But when we go beyond the session of the
House, beyond even the session of Congress,
we can see no reason why either House should
take it upon itself to review the conduct of its
members, and sit in judgment upon that conduct.
Such unlimited power would not have been con-
ferred by the wise men who framed our Consti-
tution, in such vague and indefinite language.
Entertaining these opinions, we hold that there
has been no violation tn this ease of the privileges
of either House of Congress, or any member
thereof, over which this House has any jurisdic-
tion. Whatever offense may have been com-
mitted is properly cognizable before the courts
of the coumry, and we propose to dismiss the
subject to that jiuisdiction provided by the Con-
stitution and laws of the country for its investi-
gation. We hold it would be improper for the
House to express anv opinion upon the facts,
and we have purposely avoid"d doing so. The
ease will undergo a judicial investigation, and
that investigation should not bo alfected by any
opinion which we may entertain, enher individ-
ually or collectively. Indeed, it would seem that
the Constitution, 111 exempting this class of cases
from the privileges which it grants to members
of Congress, contemplated the impropriety of
any action on our part in reference to them. The
House ought not to desire to influence, by any
expression of theirs, the judicial tribunal which
is to pass upon the facts; and, having no juris-
diction over the matter, should, in our judgment,
remain silent.
It will be seen, from the view which we have
taken of the Constitution on this subject, that we
do not differ from the majority of the committee
upon the fact that the two Houses should have
tho power to protect themselves in their delibera-
tions, and in the discharge of all their constitu-
tional duties. We differ only as to the source
from which that power is derived, and the mode
in which it is to be exercised. Those who claim
for Congress these peculiar privileges look to par-
liamentary law, British precedents, and the ne-
cessity of the case, for their authority. We, on
the contrary, look to the Constitution of the
countiy for the authority, and to the laws passed
in pursuance thereof for the mode and manner of
its enforcement; and it is for the House to say
whether it will rest its claim to privileges upon
the one or the other of these sources of power.
Holding, as we do, that neither House has any
privileges except those which are written and
declared either in the Constitution or some law or
rule passed in pursuance thereof, and that the
facts developed by the evidence show no violation
of any such written and recognized privileges,
we recommend the adoption of the following
resolution:
Resolved. That this House has no jurisdiction over the
assault alleged to have been committed by the Hon. Pres-
ton S, llrooks, a member of this Ilou^e from the State of
tfmuh Caioiina, upon the Hon. Chailes ?unm<n\ a Heriator
from the rotate ol Ma^aehiNett*.; and therefore deem it
imprnpot toexpMijs an\ opinion 011 the subject.
HOWELL COBB,
ALFRED B. GREENWOOD.
Journal of the Committee of Investigation into the
conduct of Hon. Preston S. Brooks, appointed
under the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives, dated May 23, 1856, and testimony taken
before said Committee.
Saturday, May 24,1856.
The committee met pursuant to notice given by
the chairman, Mr Campbell, at eleven o'clock,
a. m., in the room of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Present: Messrs. Lewis D. Campbell, IIoweli*
Cobb, Alfred B. Greenwood, Alexander (X
M. Pennington, and Francis E. Spinner.
The following resolution was transmitted to the
committee by the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives:
May 23,1856.
On motion of 3\Ir. Lewis D. Campbell,
Whereas, it is represented that, on the 22d day of May,
1856, Hon. Preston S. Ciooks, a member of this House
from the State of South Carolina, and other members, either
as principals or accessories, perpetrated a violent assault
upon the person of the Hon. Charles Sumner, a Senator
of the United States from the State of Massachusetts, whilst
remaining in his seatin the Senate Chamber in the perform-
ance of duties pertaining to his official station : Therelore,
Resolved, That a select committee of five be appointed
by the Speaker to investigate the subjcct, and to report the
facts, with such rc&olutions thereto,"as in their judgment
may be proper and necessary for the vindication of the
character of this House, and that said committee have
power to send for persons and papers and to employ a clerk;
also, to sit during the session- ot the Ilou^e.
Ordered, That Lewis D. Campbell of Ohio, Alexandfr
C. M. Pennington of New Jersey, Howell Cobb of Geor-
gia, Ai.trkd 13. Greenwood of Arkansas, and Francis E.
Spinner of New York, be appointed s;ud committee.
Attest: WM. CULLOM, Clerk.
On motion of Mr. Cobb, the chairman of the
committee was authorized to appoint a clerk.
On motion of Mr. Cobb, the chairman was
directed to inform Hon. Preston S. Brooks that
the committee is organized, and that the privilege
is granted to him of attending its sessions to pro-
pound questions to witnesses, and also to request
of him the names of such witnesses as he may
desire to have examined before the committee.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That, loi the purpose of facilitating the investi-
gation, the chairman request Senators, Representative*, and
othccrs of eitiici House, who^e testimony may be desired,
to pieparc, in advance of their appearance bcioie the com-
mittee, a written statement of their knowledge of tho facts,
to be subject to such additional examination as the commit-
tee may see fit to make.
The committee then adjourned until Monday
next at one o'clock, p. m.
Monday, Jlfmj 26, 1856.
The committee met, pursuant to adjournment^
at one o'clock, p. m.
Present—all the members.
The chairman appointed F. II. Smith as clerk
to the committee.
The chairman informed the committee that he
had addressed the following letter to Hon. Pres-
ton S. Brooks:
House of Representatives,
Washington, May 24, i80g.
Sir : I have the honor to mfotm j ou that tho >clect com-
mittee appointed by the House to investigate tho matter of
the alleged a^auit by \ou upon Hon. Chains Sumner, on
the 2Jd instant, have passed an order extending to jou tho
pnvilege of appearing before ltduring the examination of
witnesses, to such quc&tiuiif as you may deoiire to
have propounded to them.
The committee have fmther instructed me to request of
you the names of such witnesses as you may dcsiie to have
suhpenacd in your behalf.
The first meeting of the committee will take place at tho
room of the Committee of Ways and Means, ou Monday
next, at one o'clock, p. 111.
I have the honor to be, sir, very tnilv vonrs,
LEWIS D. CAMPBELL, Chairman,
Hon. Preston S. Brooks, washington, d. c.
The chairman stated to the committee that,
having; been informed that Mr. Sumner's condi-
tion was somewhat critical, lie addressed him,
through his attending physician, Dr. Uoyle, the
following letter:
House of Representatives,
Washington, Mai/ 24, 3 856.
Sir : J have the honor to inform you that the commit-
tee appointed by the House of Representatives to inves-
tigate the matter of the alleged assault upon you in the Sen-
ate Chamber by the Hon. Mr. Brook?, of South Carolina,
and othois, has this day organized, and desires to ascertain
all the facts connected with the unfortunate occurrcnce ad
speedily as possible.
X am authorized by the committee to inform you that the
investigation will bo commenced on Monday next, at one
o'clock, p. m., at the room of the Committee of Waj s and
Means, and that you will be expected to meet it whenever
