1856.
™E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
set forth, npon the cxisttnce of which it is claimed
to I),. pxppd;<>nl that a sale should be decreed;
which f.irt' ni l' to ho proved by disinterested and
e.reditubh; witnesses. Such of the issue contem-
plati d by the limitation^ shall be in existence,
yt tile time of the application for the sale, are to
be likide parties defendant to the bill by guardian
ad hum, together with all who would take the
estatem case thehmitation overshould nevervest
Such of the parties defendant cfs shall be of the
a?e of fourteen years or more, are to answer in
proper person, on oath, and all evidence is to be
taken upon notice to the guardian ad litem, and
m his presence.
The proceeds of the sale are to be held under
the control, and subject to the order of the court,
and are to he vested under its order and super-
vision, upon real or personal security, or in Gov-
ernment or city .securities; and are, to all intents
and purposes, to be deemed real estate, and stand
in the place of the real estate, from the sale of
which the proceed s have arisen, and, as real estate, I
be subject to the limitations of the deed or will. |
Mr. BIGGS. I understood that the order way !
to take up House private bills. I
Mr. IVERSON. Theie is but one other bill j
on the general Calendar, before we reach the pri- i
vate bills, I hope we shall go on regularly. 1
Mr. STUART. This bill ought to be passed. !
The hiii was reported to the Senate without I
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL. j
Mr. PJEARCE. I am prepared to make a re- j
port from the committee of conference on the civil i
or miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
Will receive it.
Mr. PEARCE. The committee of conference \
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on 1
the bill (H. R. No. 201) making appropriations \
for certain civil expenses of the Government for j
the year ending 30th of June, 1857, have met, and ;
have agreed to recommend to their respective :
Houses the adoption of the report which I send
to the Chair.
I beg luave to say, before the report is read,
thai it proposes that the Senate recede from Uni-
term of their amendments, and that the House
I'.c'de from over thirty of their disagreements to
our amendments. There are certain important
amendments on which it would be as well, per-
haps, to state the results of our conference.
In regard to the water-works, we have recom-
mended an appropriation of $250,000, to be applied,
however, only in extinguishing existing liabili-
ties on account of that work, and putting it in a
state uf complete preservation, so that it may be
protected from the weather. "With regard to the
California war bonds, we have adopted the bill
which was submitted in the Senate, with an
amendment which provides that, after the unpaid
coupons are taken off, and after the redemption
and payment of the bonds, they shall be delivered
to the Secretary of War, to be canceled. I be-
hove these are the two matters about which gen-
tlemen h^re had felt most interest. If any expla-
nations are required, as the report is being read,
I can give them. In regard to the Baltimore post j
office, I will now say that we have authorized I
the Piesident to reconsider the selection of the j
sue, and to appoint a commission, which com- I
mission is to select a site for the building, and ;
submit the same to the President for hisapproval. j
If he approve, the decision is to be final; if he '
disapprove, the whole matter is to be referred
again to Congress. !
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will be '
taken on the report without reading it. We have
had the disputed items explained.
The report was concurred in. j
I £*vt!ri to citizens of the United States who may
. discover deposits of g-uano; J
2227
r deposits ol s;uano;
An act (8. No. 239) supplemental to an act
! entitled "An act to amend the several acts re-
speoting copyrights,"approved February 3,1831,
> a n aCt t-° ame,,d an act entitled
An act requiring foreign regulations of com-
! moree to be laid annually before Congress," ap-
i proved August 16, 1842, and for othe? purposes;
, An act (B. No. 182) for the relief of John
, lucker;
: An act (S. No. 109) for the relief of Josiah S.
1 Little; |
; An act (S. No. 280) for the relief of Anthony i
Rankin, of Tennessee;
An act (S, No. 289) for the xelief of the heirs !
of Jabez B. Rookcr, deceased; j
, An act (S. No. 299) for the relief of John M. !
Mcintosh;
An act (S. No. ]fi2) for the relief of John H.
Scranton and James M. Hunt;
An act (S. No. 136) for the relief of Isaac Cook
and others;
An act (S. No. 262) for the relief of James
Davidson, of Kentucky;
An act (S. No. 229) for the relief of P. A.
Cunningham, paymaster United States Army;
An act (S. No. 120) giantins a pension to Ben-
jamin Berry, a soldier of the Revolution;
An act (is. No. 285) granting a revolutionary
pension to Sarah BIounT;
An act (S. No. 1<S1) for the relief of Rebecca
Halsey,•widow of Zephaniah Halsey, an officer
of the Revolution;
An act (S. No. 256) for the relief of Nancy
Bowen and Sarah Larrabee;
An act (S. No. 287) granting a pension to
Nancy M. Gunsally, formerly widow of Lyman
M. Richmond, deceased;
An act (S. No. 296) granting five years' half
pay to Mrs. Ann Turner, widow of Elbert Tur-
ner, deceased;
An act (S. No. 245) for the relief of Franck
Taylor;
An act (S. No. 309) for the relief of Brevet j
Brigadier General John B. Walbach, of the United '
States Army; j
An act (S. No. 375) for the relief of Eliza B. |
McNeill; j
An act (S. No. 345) for the relief of Nathan :
M. Lounsbury; i
An act (S. No. 313) for the relief of Ad am D. i
Steuart and of Alexander Randall, executor of |
Daniel Randall
Executive to report to us whether either of the
existing yards on the Atlantic sea-boafd can be
dispensed with, or their locations changed. Great
bntain, with her great naval resources, finds her
seven navy-yards of Woolwich, Portsmouth,
, 1 cmbroke, Chatham, Sheerness, and
IJaptto rd t amply sufficient for their creation and
maintenance; while we, with about one twentieth
c k<7 existing force, have eight navy-yards. In
number, therefore, I think we have sufficient, but
their locations should be changed.
One of the mostimportant yards of our country,
important 111 every point in which such establish-
ments can be viewed, is within my own State, that
of Fensacola. Located within a deep, capacious
bay, strongly fortified at all approaches from at-
tack, with a deep, frigate bar of easy access in all
weather; having a climate which, on the scale of
heaita, stands the fourth in the Union, and in
which mechanics may work every day in the
year, surrounded by nature with forests of live
oalc, pnse, and cedar, the finest constructing tim-
ber m the -\Vorld; having an area greater than that
of any yard m our country, and nearly as great
as that ot the largest yard of Great Britainwith
j all these rare advantages our Government has
l| almost ignored its existence. Not only have the
h naval ships of the Gulf been permitted to leave
i| tneir station to summer at the North, thus depriv-
,j ing the yard of all advantages from their presence
j: and expenditures, and throwing discredit upon it,
j] but the live oak and pine timber, growing at th"
j' very gates of the yard, have been cut and trans-
:j ported at great expense and loss to northern yards
|j for construction.
A strange prejudice among those who have
long wielded an influence over such matters seems
to have existed against this yard; and it is only
since the present able chief of the Navy Depart-
ment came into office, that we have been able to
have a fiame of a sloop of war placed there, to be
constructed whenever Congress shall order addi-
tional sloops.
But as yet, sir, wc have no ship-house, no
general forge or foundery, no arsenal—all of which
the public interests demand, and all of which I
trust will soon be supplied. The Senate will re-
member, sir, tliot one of my first acts from the,
Na\al Committee of this body was the prepara-
tion of a leport upon the condition of this ytird,
calling th° attention of the country to its rare po-
tation and extraordinary advantages with refer-
ence to the great and growing commerce of the
Gulf of Mexico, already amounting to about four
An act (S. No. 308) for the relief of John H. jj hundred millions of dollars. It is the only point
Scranton and James M. Hunt, owners of the Jj on the enhre Gulf where a yard can be estab-
StNATE BILLS BECOME LAWS. 1
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Wkksier, his Secretary, an- :
nouneed that lie had approved and signed the '
following bills and joint resolutions:
An act (S. No. 407) for the relief of Francis A, 1
Gibbons and Francis X. Kelly; :
An act (S. No. 204) the graduation pe-
riods for lands in the Greensburg district, m the
State of Louisiana;
An act (S. No, 339) to authorize protection to i
steamer Major Tompkins;
A resolution (S. No. 31) for the settlement of j
the accounts of Charles M. Strader and Edward
P. Johnson, mail contractors; and
i A resolution (S. R. No. 24) foi the benefit of
Susan Decatur, widow of Commodore Stephen
Decatur, late of the United States Navy.
NAVY DEPOT AT BRUNSWICK.
The Senate proceeded, as 111 Committee of the
"Whole, to consider the bill (H. R. No. 30j 1
authorizing the establishment of a navy d-pot
on Biythe Island, at Brunswick, on tin- const of
Georgia, and for other purposes. It proposes to
appropriate S200.000 to enable the President of
the United States to purchase a mip foi a navv
depot on Blithe Island, 011 th«*> coas<- of Georgia,
and to erect s.uch buildings and make such im-
provements as may be necessary for the repair of
United States vessel ^ of war, and afford refuge
therefor
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, unwilling
I am to detain the Senate at this closing hour of
the session, I still feel constrained to say a word
or two upon tins subject. Tins bill, aopropna'in*;
$200,000 for the establishment of a'naval uepo'i
and refuge at Brunswick, m the Slot" of Georgia,
came to us from the House uf Representatives
three davs ago, and bv direction of a majori'v of
the Committee on Naval Allans, to whom it was
referred, I reported it to this body on Saturday
night. Believing, as [ do. that die number of our
navy-yards is amply sufficient for our national
wants, I beli"ve also, and I have so expressed my-
self frequently, that the location of some of them
was unwisely determined, and that the public in-
terests demand a change. A resolution was intro-
duced within the past woek, calling npon the
libhed. Depots of coal and supplies, rendezvous,
and ports of refuge and convoy, must be created
! at proper intervals along the route of this vast
commerce; but no navy-yard is required, nor is
there a Mutable point foi one, besides Pensacola.
And yet, sir, at this very session, the depart-
mental estimates for this yard have been reduced
in the House of Representatives about $200,000,
and u was wj*h great difficulty that we obtained
an appropriation for marine barracks, though
m nines ha\e been stationed there for thirty years
past.
1 h :ye, s.r, reported a resolution in the follow-
ing words:
l.c Tiei? thr> Pci'otary of the Nary cause a thor-
O'l-Ji t to be made, by a boaitl of military and
<i.vi! ■ > r;. of top condition an«l pioh:tbio duranon of
ire \\...Ki.-n nock dt the JVnsjieola nav\-yard. together
w i;!1. lee c\pc;i-e oi'nuunlaiiijnc it 111 workm? con-
(i:. i-M , f.iid ai-i 1 co^t of couai urtui^ at .-aid yard, upon
fie ;mpro\v'| :i pet-nam-iif stone dock lor doek-
i.rj r v ia.jx-ti«av;i: whi^t the depth of water ou
Hie PeiitOcOKi hni auiijit-- —
and I exp: ■? to be able to induce Congress, at its
1 iAxt <5 _'NMon. to repair the unwise legislation
wh.eh cn aied ihis do<k. There, is 110 navy-
yar-1, not* is there a position in the country when?
a &i'bstantial stone dock can be constructed with
givao r Sin nor is theie a yard where one is
mere w.Hired. The exiting wooden structure w
a sti ikina- evid^n^e of that extravagant penny-
c*?%v no,] poin)J-f-joh*h" policy which h is governed
the administration of the affairs of this yard, and
I trust that we shnll soon leplacc it by a perma-
nent structure of stone.
Mr. President, i have said thus much of the
superior claims and advantages of this yard, not
in opposition to the proposition befoie us, for
\ concde that we *erjnire n constructing yard
