f 18
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 26,
34th Cong 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
to emigrate, the disproportion between them will, in a few
vearsTbe very area! : and at m> distant period the whole
country will fall into tiie hands oi'ihe blacks. As soon as
Ssd&.o" reaches a certam mi ,Oie while popula-
tl'.n would probably abandon those States to avoid insur-
rection am) wasHacre. What would becomeortile country
in that *uiie' Would the General Government support
the owners of the slaves in their auiliority over them,a!ler
the States, individually, hail lost the power? or the slaves
beina in possesion of those States, and independent of their
owners, would the States be recognized as belonging to
tbein,aint tlit'ir Representatives be received in Congress?
" That it would tie better to compel the whites to remain,
and the blacks to move," kc.
« That slavery is not the offspring of the Revolution; that
It took place in <mrcolonial state; that all further importa-
tions have-been prohibited since the Revolution, under law*
which are rigorously enforced; that in our revolutionary
struggle the States in which slavery existed sustained their
share in the common burdens, furnished their equal quotas
Of troops, and paid their equal share oflaiM! that slavery,
though a national evil, is felt must seriously by the States
to which it exists; that it would be destructive to the whites
to confine it there, and to the blacks, as the distribution of
them nver an extensive territory, and among many owners,
will secure ihetn a better treatment; thai the extension of
it to new States cannot possibly injure the old, as they will
claim all their rights, since no attempt can ever be made or
idea entertained of requiring them to admit slavery; that
an attempt to fix on the States having slavery any odium,
Is unmerited, and would be ungenerous,"
Sir, I can add naught to this testimony or these
arguments; and if the Senator from MWsachu-
setts would follow the example of the sages and
patriots of our Revolution—would hearken to
their counsels, and walk in their paths—how much
better for himself, and for us all! It is the way
of the Constitution—a rigorous maintenance of
equality between the States.
I have no fears of competition between the
labor of white men and the labor of slaves in
our Territories, or, indeed, elsewhere. There
is ample space, ample occasion for both. The
labor of theone cannot be successfully bestowed,
at present, upon those pursuits which are adapted
to the labor of the other. Let the citizens of each
State, or Territory, decide for themselves, with
a view to their own wants and condition, whether
slaves shall or shall not be admitted. Let us have
no prohibitions by act of Congress—no arbitrary
lines. That was a dangerous and almost fatal
error. The wonderful prescience of Jefferson
alone was not deceived by the Missouri com-
promise; and all his predictions have been ful-
filled.
Mr. President, I am neither an enemy of the
negro, nor a friend of the institution by which he
is subjugated. 1 wish the negro well. I wish
him liberty and happiness—but I wish him liberty
at such time, in sucii circumstances, and by such
means, as will not debase and ruin the white man,
or overthrow the great safeguards of our own
liberty, and the liberty of those in whom wfe are
most interested. Let the negro have, at present,
as much comfort and happiness as, in his condi-
tion, can be attained. Let him,not be restrained
by limits within which he must either perish or
subdue his master. He will not be made free by
our intervention. Congress can do him no ser-
vice. Congress can only, whenever it interferes,
add to the sorrows of his condition. Whether
the negro be capable of higher civilization—and,
if so, when or how he will attain it,—these are
questions I am not able to decide. He is now,
even as a slave, far advanced in the scale of prog-
ress, beyond all his brethren in Africa. Free-
dom, thus far, has not advantaged him. The
condition of free negroes, in thenon-slaveholding
States, is worse even, and more pitiable, than
that of the slave. I do not speak of exceptional
cases—of such as have risen, occasionally, above
the level of their race—nor of negroes in the north-
eastern States, or in the northern portion of my
own State. There are not enough, in these local-
ities, to excite the prejudices of the white man.
I speak of those thousands and tens of thousands
scattered along the Ohio river. In Cincinnati,
alone, there are thousands of such who have lit-
erally no rights—menials in every sense—without
protectors or protection—eking out a miserable
existence, dependent on public and private char-
ity, spending a large part of their lives in prison,
exposed to abuse and outrage of every description.
It is a hopeless condition, Mr. President, because
the free negro has no friends. He does not enlist
the sympathy of Abolitionists—for he cannot
vote, ana no assault can be made, through him,
upon the security of the southern States. Indi-
ana and Illinois drive him from their borders; and
if he should turn even to the " free State" men
of Kansas—to the men who are " now battling,"
as the Senator from Massachusetts declares, " for
the liberty of all," they, too, would exclude him
by a fundamental act.
At one period of our history, as I have said,
the emancipation and colonization of the African
was quite practicable. Then did Massachusetts
interpose; and the foreign slave trade, under her
! protection, was too powerful, and, in the end,
' victorious. But now, sir, a Senator from Mas-
! sachusetts rises to denounce the conduct of those
who controlled the destinies of his State, in past
time, as utterly infamous. " The acknowledged
turpitude," he called it, "of a departed genera-
: tion." That Senator deals largely in the classics;
I and I commend him to the words of the Roman
, poet who rejoiced that he had never defiled the
i ashes of his fathers. Sir, I do not owe Massa-
| chusetts any allegiance; I have not a drop of her
blood in my veins. But I will defend the memory
of those wnom the Senator assailed. They were
wise, and even humane, according to the measure
; of their generation; would that we might all be
I as worthy in our own! These were the men who
gave Massachusetts her glory, her wealth, her
freedom. And when the Senator paraphrased
that great adjuration of Demosthenes, he did not
appeal to the spirits'of modern times, of the men
who imagine themselves so much better and
more philanthropic than all their ancestors—but
to the spirits of the mighty dead — of those
who, although they tore the African from his
home and sold him into bondage, would not be
slaves themselves—who trampled under foot the
British stamp-act and overthrew the British nav-
igation laws—who first, at Lexington, and Con-
cord, and Bunker Hill, resisted a monarch in
arms, and poured out their blood to fertilize that
soil whence grew the tree of American independ-
ence. And, sir, if the Massachusetts of this
day does condemn the Massachusetts of yester-
day with such bitterness and mortification as the
Senator pretends, let her now contribute from the
stores of that immense wealth which the Sena-
tor has boasted, to assist the southern States in
restoring to Africa the descendants of the captive
whom sne brought hither.
The new Shibboleth, of which I have spoken,
is not uttered for the sake of the slave; it does
not touch the question of humanity at all. It is
only the watchword of a political crusade, and
j employed to advance the project of humiliating
and subjugating the southern States. To be sure,
sir, we liave heard of the three-fifths clause, so
called, as one which should not be extended, in
its effect, by the admission of new slaveholding
communities. But how can this be material to
the argument? Each slave will be counted, in
£he apportionment of taxes and representation,
whether he remains in Carolina or is taken to a
new State. Opposition to the three-fifths clause,
in the Constitution, is another point of doctrine
taught by the Hartford convention. Why, sir,
what is this clause? It is only that, i$ the ap-
portionment of representatives, as well as direct
taxes, five southern negroes shall be estimated as
three white men. If the " Republican" orators,
so called, would denounce this clause for a dif-
ferent reason—if they arraigned the Constitution
because it had stripped from the slave two fifths
of his humanity ana thus reduced him to a frac-
tion of manhood—there would be some consist-
ency, at least, in their behavior.
Why should not the southern negroes be
counted? The northern negroes are counted—
not as five to three, but as five to five. So are
women, children, persons not naturalized, luna-
tics, idiots, and criminals. If the southern negro
be a human creature, although a slave, wny
should he not be counted as such? Sir, I will
, tell you ? This was a compromise—not one which
1 the South desired, but one which was forced upon
, her by the northern delegates. They admitted
j that the slave was a man; but, said they, he is
; also the subject of ownership, and of taxation!
' And so they proposed, and the South agreed,
that only three fifths of a slave should be esti-
mated for representative purposes; and, as a
recompense for the disadvantage, that direct taxes
should be levied in the same ratio. Thus the
compact was made, and thus it should be main-
tained.
But, sir, the struggleis not for the other House
of Congress: it is for this House, and for the
presidential chair. The northern States are
exhorted to unite against the southern States.
Wherefore? To prevent the admission of a new
slaveholding State? How does that injure us?
Beyond the limits of delegated power in the
Constitution, Ohio cannot be affected by the
action of the Federal Government. She is sover-
eign. She is, in all other respects, independent.
If the Constitution were faithfully executed, in
spirit and in letter, it could make no difference to
us in Ohio, as regards our prosperity, our rights,
our domestic affairs, if all' other States of the
Union tolerated, and even cherished, slavery as
an institution. And so, if the Constitution be faith-
fully observed henceforth, it is of no consequence
—not the least—whether the slaveholding or the
non-slaveholding States be the more numerous.
The Senators from Massachusetts and New
York have marshaled their cohorts to "dislodge"
the South from "high places." This, sir, is
but the prelude to something else. The control
of our Federal Government, when obtained, will
enable their partisans to chastise, afflict, and lay
waste one half the Union. It cannot be done, of
course, as long as the Constitution is observed;
and, therefore, the design may be expressed,
more distinctly, as a design to usurp the Federal
Government, in order, by the force of mere num-
bers, to disregard and destroy the Constitution
of the United States. Sir, it can terminate in
nothing else. Even if Senators on the other side
were ever so sincere in the declaration that they
will not concern with slavery as it now exists in
the States, they could not keep such an assur-
ance; they would be overborne by their own fol-
lowers; and either compelled to violate their word,
or give place to others less scrupulous. For
whenever this triumph of sectionalism shall be
complete—if so terrible a calamity can occur—
the men whom you have taught to believe that
slavery is wicked above comparison, and there-
fore must be prohibited in the Territories, and
abolished in the District of Columbia—the men
who have learned, from you, to interpret the
Constitution as they please—will insist that pub-
lic duty, the voice of conscience, the higher law,
all impel them to liberate the African at once.
And you must yield to the demand—or else, like
the Urirondins, be hurled from your places and
sacrificed to the wrath of the demons you will
have raised and inspired. Then would the sat-
urnalia be celebrated—as when the negroes of
Hayti were emancipated, suddenly to turn upon
and exterminate their masters; when the guillo-
tine would be restored, perhaps for the punish-
ment of those southern " aristocrats" against
whom the Senator from New York inveighed
with so much bitterness. When some new " em-
bassy of the human race" would wait upon the
Senate, with another Anacharsis Clootz at its
head, and behind him ihe fro ward women and
imbecile men, white and black, native and for-
eign, whose congenial occupation is only to outdo
each other in profane and foolish tirades—when
the Deity would be dethroned by formal resolu-
tion, the places of His worship converted into
recruiting stations, and the ministers of His
gospel habitually indulge the arts of an auc-
tioneer.
I implore you, Senators, to pause, to survey
the narrow isthmus on which we stand. This
combination of the northern States against the
southern States, where will itterminate ? Already
from this Chamber the dread appeal has gone
forth. It will either remain unanswered—thanks
to the wisdom of the people—or it will come back,
in another session, with millions of fearful echoes;
and each echo the knell of ruin.
Not such, Mr. President, were the appeals of
Washington, or Jefferson, or Jackson. The
slightest discord between the North and the
South grated harshly on their ears, and filled
their hearts with pain. Jefferson turned from the
very verge of his grave to declare:
" The Missouri question, by a geographical line of divis-
ion, is the most portentous one I have ever contemplated."
(Letter to Monroe, March 3d, 1600.)
Jackson has warned us, in immortal accents,
