1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
629
FORTS AND FORTIFICATIONS.
Mr. VALK, by unanimous consent, offered
the following; resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to this House such information as maybe m posses-
sion of his Department up to this time, as to the condition of
the fortification on Throg'sNeck, Wesehester county, New
Yoik, and known as Fort Schuyler; also, whether or not
said fort is mounted with suitable cannon, and is in a con-
dition to be properly defended ; also, whether or not the
forts and fortifications of the country are in such a condition
as to completion, armament, and defensive efficiency as to
be reasonably secure against attacks by sea or land; also,
whether said" forts, &c., are garrisoned, and if so, by what
number of troops; also, what steps may be necessary (if
any) to place these foits and fortifications in a proper con-
dition to repel aggression.
HON. P. B. FOUKE.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to make a report
from the Committee of Elections. I am instructed
by them to report the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Hon. P. B. Fouke, who has presented
to this House his memorial claiming to represent the eighth
district of the State of Illinois in the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress, was not duly elected as claimed by him. and is not
entitled to a seat in this House, and that said seat is
vacant.
Resolved further, That the Speaker do notify the Gov-
ernor of the State of Illinois that such vacancy exists.
Jlnd resolved further, That the Clerk of this House be
authorized to pay, out of the contingent fund of tins House,
to P. B. Fouke, claiming a seat as the llepioscntative of
the eighth congressional district of the State of Illinois, the
usual per diem and mileage allowed to members of Con-
gress, computing the per diem to the date hereof only.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to know why
the Committee of Elections have not reported in
the case of 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois object to the introduction of the resolu-
tions ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. No, sir; but I desire to
inquire 
Air. CRAWFORD. I rise for the purpose of
claiming the privilege which I have to the floor.
I understand that the resolutions which have just
been introduced will be likely to give rise to dis-
cussion, and I therefore claim the floor upon the
Kansas contested-election case-, which, I believe,
is the business regularly before the House.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Geor-
gia objects, the resolutions reported by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] cannot be re-
ceived.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object, and claim the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The report of the Commit-
tee of Elections upon the Kansas contested-elec-
tion case is then before the House.
APPROPRIATION BILLS REPORTED.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask to report
from the Committee of Ways and Means two
appropriation bills, in order that they may be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. CRAWFORD. There are friends around
me who ask the same privilege, and if I yield for
the purpose suggested by the gentleman, I must
yield to them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. They are appropriation
bills, and ought to be in committee as soon as
possible.
Mr. CRAWFORD. As they are general ap-
propriation bills, I will yield in this case, and
this case only.
Mr. CAMPBELL, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported bills of the following
titles; which were severally read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed: j
A bill making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 3uth of June, 1857; and
A bill making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th' of June,
1857.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled joint
resolution of the following title; which received
the Speaker's signature:
A resolution for the final adjustment of certain
cases of appeal from decisions made by the Aud-
itor of the Treasury for the Post Office Depart-
ment.
THE KANSAS ELECTION.
Mr. CRAWFORD then took the floor, and
addressed the House for an hour. His speech
will be published in the Appendix.
The debate was continued by Messrs. Camp-
bell of Pennsylvania, Smith of Alabama, and
Kunkel. The speeches are withheld for revision,
and will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. STEPHENS then obtained the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Georgia will give way, as it is now growing
late, and is time to adjourn, I will move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not desire to speak
this evening; and with the understanding that I
have the right to the floor in the morning, I will
yield to the motion to adjourn.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting a report on the
commercial relations of the United States with all
foreign nations, in answer to the resolution of the
House, of December 14, 1853.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire,
Mr. Speaker, under the instructions of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to submit a resolution with
reference to the printing of the message which has
been read and of the documents to which the
President refers. t j
1 was going on to say, that this message which i
has been sent in is in answer to a resolution j
which passed this House on the 14th day of
December, 1853, requiring the President of the
United States to report to this House a statement
oftheprivilcgesiind restrictions of the commercial j
intercourse of the United States with all foreign j
nations. Sir, this report has been gotten up, as I ;
stated before, by the State Department. 1 have ;
had the pleasure of examining it; and 1 must say, !
that it is the most complete and reliable document (
which has ever been printed in this country, or '
in any country, upon the subjects embraced. The [
proposition which I shall submit m the form of |
a resolution, coming with the letter from the Sec- i
retary of State, is, to ask that this document may !
be printed by the printer of the House, under the ;
direction of the Secretary of State. The reasons :
set forth in the letter from the Secretary to me will :
explain why the request is made. I
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the i
gentleman that there is nothing before the House. 1
Mi. WASHBURNE. 1 offer the following ;
resolution: j
Resolved, That the ai)*wci of the Pieshlentof the United
States to the resold! lcn of ihe llon^e of Itcpie-jonlaiives, of
December 14,upon the commercial iclations of the ,
United State-* with all loirngn nations, be. primed by the
punter of thin House m quarto foiui, under tli<i direr turn of 1
the Secretary of Slate, who i-. heieln uuthouzecl to < ause
all collections theiein, which, ui fho couise of printing,
liidv be found requisite. to be made, a.id uKo cause to be !
made all additions theieto ot commercial information which, :
subsequently to tne transmission of said answeis to this j
House, may leach the Department or' State, winch shall, by
him, be deemed of sufficient importance.
Now, here are the communications which I
have received from the Secretary of State, and
from the superintendent under whom tiiis work
was gotten up, which will explain the resolution:
Department of State. March 3, 1856.
Sir: f have the honor to submit for your consideration
the accompanying letter, addicted to me by the superin-
tendent ot a report on the commeicial relation^ of the Cut-
ted States with foreign nation*, piepaied at this D^paitment
in answer to a resolution of the IIou^c of Kepiesentatives,
of December 11, winch h now readylor transriusraon,
together with the diait of a resolution then to appended.
1 coneui entirely with Mr. Flavor m ins view of the lm- jj
portance of having thus document p-inted—should such be j!
the disposition ot it which the Iluu^e mav think proper to jj
make—undei the direction of this Depaitmenl. It is ,t vo-
luminous woik. made up. m gieat part, of eompiehen-ne
and complicated tabular statements, which no one can he
supposed so fully to understand those by whom lhe> weie
prepared. Jt seenw evident, that the correcting of a woik
like this for pies^ should not be intruded to the common
proof-readei of the punting ofhee.
The work abounds, alio, with term-i of imusnal occur-
renee—commercial, scientific, and in foreign lanaiiiascs: ';
and, in a report so extensive, enois have, doubtless, oe- ii
curred from misinterpretation, misconception, or madveit- |;
ence—errors which have escaped the eve m the preparation, | i
and in the subsequent copying and comparing, but which !<
would more casilj be detected and rectified in careiully coi- j •
rectmjr a levied proof. \
Additional information, al-o, on the subjects treated of lj
is, by every foieign mail reaching this Department, own of j!
arreat importance in throwing on woik aiieauyper- ji
formed, oi coirectmg prior misstatements ; and, ak-o. uiate [j
rial for the filling up of blanks necessarily left in tabular
statements for the year last past; as well as for modifica-
tions m tariffs, and changes in commercial regulations,
proper to be noted.
The quarto form for the publication of this report is rec-
ommended, chiefly forthe reason that a larger page is requi-
site for the extensive tables with which it abounds than the
ordinary octavo size of our public documents, ft is in such
form that similar works are issued by other Governments.
The report will be transmitted to the House in a few
days.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, W. L. MARCT.
Hon. Eliho B. Washburne, Chairman of the Committee
on Commerce, House of Representatives.
Commercial Office,
Department ok State, March 7, 1856.
Sir: In reply to your veibal inquiry of this morning I
havethe honor to submit to you the following statement*
relative to the report on the commercial relations of the
United States with all foreign nations, which is about to bo
transmitted to the House of Representatives, by the Presi-
dent, from this Department:
1. The resolution calling for this report was offered by
Mr. Faulknf.r, of Virginia, and agreed to by the House*
December 14, 18X1
On the l.">th of March, 1854, a circular to United States
consuls was issued from this Department, (to which tne
resolution of the House had been referred by the President,)
with a view to obtain the materials requisite for preparing
the report.
3. On the 4th of August, 1854, an appropriation of $10,000
was made to defray the expanse. The work was commenced
the ensuing month, and has occupied nearly one and a half
years for its completion.
4. The report is divided into three parts •
Part 1. Commercial Digests, embracing a succinct ac-
count of the history, character, and extent of the commer-
cial relations of the United States with each one of all foreign
nations, more than fifty m number, illustrated by some
hundreds of tabular statements.
Part 2. Comparative Tariffs, comprising tables exhibit-
ing a comparative statement of the tai iffs of all other nations
—about fifty in number—with the tantfofthe United States;
followed by an elaborate series of similar tables, exhibiting
the duties levied by all nations on the staple 0ioductsof the
United States ; aNo, the privileges they aflbid and the re-
strictions they impose on commercial intercourse; also,
their tonnajrc chaiges, their modes of measuring tonnage,
their sanitaiy and colonial regulations, &c., See.
Part 3. Consular Returns, embracing answers to the
circular of Match. 18T>1, (already referred to,) issued by this
Department, ironi about one hundied and thirty United
States consuls.
ft. The leport will probably make, if printed, a quarto
volume about the size ot one of the volumes of Executive
Documents No. 91, con taming the k£ lleporti of Explorations
and riin-veys &c., lor a Railroad to the Pacific Ocean,"
printed by order of the House m 1835, oi the "Coast Sur-
vey," oi the House List of Puvate Claims." Commer-
cial and statistical mattei, like that of the present report,
is gencially panted by other Governments (by Great Brit-
ain, France, Belgium," Austria, Spam, Mexico &c.) in the
l.irye quarto form, for the more convenient airangement of
tabular statements.
6. It is not probable that any considerable appropriation,
if any at all, will be lequired foi this report to be punted
undei direction of the Secretary of State—a balance of sev-
eral thousand dollars of the former appropriation still re-
maining unexpended.
7. This- icnoitwiil make the fourth of the kind which
has appeared smce the establishment of the Government—
the fust having been communicated to the House by Mr.
Secietaiy Jelleiron m 1793, consisting of some eight oi ten
octavo P'l^esj the second by Mr. Pnssyth in 1839, sonic
eighty pages, and the third by Mr. Webster in 1842, about
six hundred pages.
8. The resolution of the House of December 26, 1854, of-
fered by Mr. Fuller, of Maine, is not answered by the
document now tran-mittcd. The consular returns on
<k Ship-buihbng, shipping, See., &c.," called loi by that res-
olution, are in eouise of preparation, and will form another
volume of the repoit, when sent to the House, which will
be duung the piesent session.
9. The repoit on ''Commercial Changes," sent to the
House, Februarv5. 18o6, has no connection whatever with
the present, exceptthat it was prepared by the same hands.
It was tian&tnitted in obedience to the o< t of Congress of
August If), 1^4*2, winch require--; such a report at the com-
mencement ol every session irom this Department; but the
law had lam inoperative for more than eleven years ! This
report is a comparatively small aftau, of some two hun-
died octavo ptiffua, now printed and ready for distubution-
In tutuie, the law can be, and ought to be, obeyed. Some
amendments \\ ould improve it, howevei ; and they may be,
indue time. leeomiiKuided by the Seer^taiyof State, a<*,
also, some provision for a statistical ofiice in this Depart-
ment.
It is very respectfully suggested that, inasmuch as it is
lmpoifant tiiat the liou'-e should comprehend the character
and contents of the repoit about to be transmitted, in order
that they may act understanding^' m its disposition, and,
inasmuch a*-wry little can now be known of it, and, if
printed, months must elapse before it can appear, and, in-
asmuch as the introductory letter ot the superintendent to
the Secretaiy of State gives, m about a do/.cn foolscap
pane*, of oidmaiy writing, a complete resume ot the, whole
leport. it mijrht be well if a lew thousand copies of that let-
ter were printed at onre for general information.
1 have the honor to be, sir, very ivcpectfully, your obedi-
ent servant, EDMUND FLAGO,
Superintendent.
Hon. Ei-nru B. Washburne, Chairman of the Committee
on Commerce, 2Ioiv>e of Representatives,.
Mr. ORR. I would suggest to the gentleman
from Illinois whether, instead of having thia work
