1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tW
committed upon Mr. Sumner by Mr. Brooks ? If
you do, State the facts within your knowledge.
Answer. On Thursday last, after the adjourn-
ment of the Senate, I was Sitting in the Senate
Chamber in conversation with Mr. Crittenden.
The position of my chair being reverssd I did
not see Mr. Sumner. I did not know that either
he or Mr; Brooks was in the Chamber, nor did
I expect any encounter. "While thus conversing
I heard the sound of blows. Upon rising from
my seat and looking in the direction from which
the sounds proceeded, I saw Mr. Brooks strik-
ing Mr. Sumner With a cane. Mr. Sumner was
standing at his desk, and apparently clutching at
the cane or at Mr. Brooks. Almost immediately
he passed from his place between two of the
desks, onS Of which was upset in the effort, and
on the edge of the main aisle he sank down,
whether from exhaustion or because of the ledge
at the edge of the aisle I do not know. _ No blow
was struck after he fell, by which time some
officers of the Senate and other persons were
gathered around him. Mr. Crittenden, whosaw
the affair sooner than I, and rose before me, got
to the spot just as the assault ceased. It was
over in a very short time. I heard Mr. Brooks
say, in reply to some remark or question, " I
did not intend to kill him, but I did intend 40
•whip him." Mr. Sumner was bleeding freely,
but I did not suppose that he was insensible.
The stick used was an ordinary gutta percha cane
and hollow, one piece of it which I examined was
five eighths of an inch in diameter; another piece
of it was near three quarters of an inch in diam-
eter. I saw no one but Mr. Brooks engaged in
the affray.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) What was
Mr. Sumner's position when you saw the first
blow struck ?
Answer. He was standing up, as I have stated,
near his own desk, clutching at the cane or at
Mr. Brooks. You perceive that I did not witness
the beginning of it. All that has been said about
his being seated at his desk when Mr. Brooks first
struck him is perhaps true. I did not see it.
Question. Did you notice, when you first saw
Mr. Sumner, whether his own desk was in its
proper position, or whether it was overturned?
Jlnswer. I think it was in its proper position.
Question. Which desk was overturned ?
Jlnswer. I think it was Mr. Sumner's own
desk.
Question. Was that the only desk overturned?
Jlnswer. I think it was. I saw one or two
desks loosened in part from their fastenings, but
I do not think they were overturned.
Question. What other persons than yourself
were in the Senate Chamber when the affair
occurred, so far as you recollect?
Answer. That is impossible for me to answer,
except to say that 1 was conscious that other
persons were present; and I did not know who
they were until I had risen and looked about.
Immediately after the assault took place, I rec-
ollect I saw Mr. Toombs, and Mr. Stuart, of
Michigan. I also saw Mr. Morgan, of the House
of Representatives, on my right, passing rapidly
to the assistance of Mr. Sumner. I saw Mr.
Holland, the assistant doorkeeper of the Senate,
who also went to Mr.Sumner'sassistance. Imme-
diately afterward I saw Mr. Nicholson, the Clerk
of the Senate. I itlso saw Mr. Douglas, though
not until some time after the assault was over.
Just at the close of it I saw Mr. Keitt advance;
but not expecting anything of this sort it is im-
possible for me to state the facts with precision.
I was in earnest conversation with Mr. Critten-
den when I heard the sound of blows, and then
my attention was directed to the parties. It all
occurred in a very short time—not more than ten
seconds, I should think, from the beginning of
the affair to the end.
Question, (by Mr. Cobb.) How long after the
adjournment of the Senate did this occurrence
take place ?
Answer. I do not know. I suppose at least
twenty minutes. .
Question. Is Mr. Sumner's seat, at which he
was sitting, elevated?
Answer. It is. It is the seat that I occupied
for many years, and a very unfortunate seat by
the way. I had my head cut open while I was
sitting in it, by the fall of an umbrella from the
gallery.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington;) In what posi-
tion was Mr. Brooks standing in reference to
Mr. Sumner when you saw the first blow struck?
Answer. I think he was directly in front of Mr.
Sumner's desk.
Question. What is the width or depth of the
desk ?
Answer. I should think two feet—of perhaps a
little more.
Question. Would it be possible for a person
standing On one side of the desk to reach a person
on the other side, for the purpose of inflicting an
injury, except by some other weapon than the
arm or fist ?
Answer. That would depend very much upon
the activity of the assailant. The person assailed
could very easily get out of the way. The
proper course would have been to have knocked
the desk over. But I do not think the position
would be near enough to fight very successfully,
if the other was disposed to get out of the way.
Question. Do you know anything of the relative
specific gravity of a gutta percha cane and of a
hickory cane?
Answer. I do not.
Question. How thick was the cane used by
Mr. Brooks?
Answer. It -frould be difficult to speak precisely.'
I do not think the hollow of the cane was exactly
in the center. I should think one edge might
have been one eiglith.pf an inch in thickness, and
the other edge perhaps two eighths. There are
fragments of the cane in possession of several
persons. I have one of them in my pocket.
[The witness here exhibited a small fragment
of a cane.]
Question. How many blows did you see struck?
Answer. It is impossible to say. I must have
seen perhaps half a dozen, and heard some four
or five more.
Question. With what vigor were they struck ?
Answer. They were vigorously applied.
Question. How aimed ?
Answer. Chiefly about the head and shoulders.
They could not well have been otherwise.
Question. You say you saw no other person
participating in the affair?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did you see Mr. Keitt in the affair?
Answer. I saw Mr. Keitt just at the close of
it,apparently coming up in the midst of the crowd
which had then surrounded the parties. Mr.
Edmundson I did not see until the whole affair
was over. . -
Question. Did you see either of these parties
about the Senate Chamber prior to the assault?
Answer. They might have been there, but I
did not see either of them.
Hon. Robert Toombs, sworn:
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) What do you
know of the facts connected with the assault
alleged to have been made upon Mr. Sumner in
the Senate Chamber, by the Hon. Mr. Brooks,
of South Carolina, on Thursday, May 23, 1856 ?
Answer. I saw a part of the rencounter between
Mr. Brooks and Mr. Sumner in the Senate
Chamber. I %vas standing in the open space on
the right of the Vice President's seat, in conver-
sation with Governor Gorman, of Minnesota,
when my attention was attracted by the collision;
upon looking in the direction of the noise, I saw
Mr. Brooks and Mr. Sumner. Mr. Brooks was
striking Mr. Sumner with a cane, and Mr. Sum-
ner was either in the act of seizing Mr. Brooks,
or defending himself from his blows. I could not
at the instant toll what was his object from his
motions; almost at the same ms&nt I saw Mr.
Sumner's desk falling over, which separated the
parties a little further from each other, and seemed
to give Mr. Brooks better play with his stick, and
the next lick after that occurrence, was a more
effective one, broke the stick, and lessened the
resistance of Mr. Sumner. Mr. Brooks continued
his blows rapidly with the part of the stick he
held in his hand, until Mr. Sumner sank to the
floor in rather a sitting posture. He then ccased,
and some of the bystanders having by this time
reached the parties, took Mr. Brooks by the arm,
and led him a few paces away from Mr. Sumner.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) You called
this a rencounter. I want to know whether Mr.
Sumner did anything beyond self-defense ?
| Answer. I have stated precisely what I saw. I
I Saw Mr. Sumner attempt to seize the stick, or
ward off the blow—I could not tell which-. - My.
impression was that it was to ward off the blow.
Question. Was there anything more, in .thfr
transaction to give it the character of a rencouriter
or collision ? ■ ' ' . - •
Ateswer. Nothing more. , =
Question. Who were present when, ibis affair
commenced? •• , -
Answer. I do not know that I can: recollect. J.
had been in conversation at his seat a' few rmrmtea
before with my coileagut- iji the Se,nate from the
State of Georgia; then with Mr. Brown., a gen-
tleman from Georgia, whom I hall potseen before
since his arrival m this-cfty. X had some con-
versation with him. Then Governor Gorman
came up, with whom I liad some conversation.
I saw no other person who attracted my attention-
at the time. I was standing nearly facing the
parties, they being a little to my right, and i pre-
sume I must have seen them an instant sooner
than Mr. Pearce did from, his statement of his
position. I afterwards recollected seeing him
walk up the aisle; but there was nothing to attract
my attention. Mr, Iverson and Governor Gor-
man were there. Mr. Crittenden and Mr. Pearce
also were there. They came up when Mr. Sumner
was in the main aisle. In the struggle Mr. Sum-
ner had come two or three seats nearer the Pres-
ident's chair than his own seat. He came around
and sank down on the rim or edge of the aisle.
He was resting there when I got there. Mr.
Brooks kept up his blows with great rapidity
until Mr. Sumner sank on the floor. He was
not striking at the instant Mr. Crittendeii -came
around near to the parties; and I came about the
same time. I heard Mr. Brooks make the re-
mark, that he did not intend to kill him, (Mr.
Sumner,) but that no man should talk in that
way of his State or his absent relative, or some-
thing like that. I heard no conversation between
the parties. It was rather a silent affair; a very
singular one. I did not hear either of them speak
a word before. It struck me that not one word
was said.
Question. Did you hear a word prior to the
blow ?
Answer. Not at all.
Question. In what posture was Mr. Sumner
when you first saw him ?
Answer. He was standing on his feet, or in the
act of rising. My impression is, that his desk
had fallen, or was in the act of falling, when I
first looked around. I think ho was standing up.
My attention was first attracted by hearing blows
struck.
Question. How many blows did you see ?
Answer. I suppose five, or six, or eighti They
were struck very rapidly. After his desk fell,
Mr. Brooks had rather a better chance at him.
He was at a better distance from Mr. Sumner;
but Mr. Sumner's resistance was more ineffectual;
arid he defended himself with rather less vigor
than he had done before. It seemed to me that,
with the first lick after the desk fell, Mr. Sumner
appeared to turn towards the main aisle. I think
that lick was on his head. His resistance seemed
to be ineffectual. There was nothing more than
throwing up his hands.
Question. You speak of resistance. Was there
any resistance more than to ward off the blows ?
Answer. I do not know that there was. When
I first saw them he was standing on his feet, and
I thought seizing Mr. Brooks's arm, or perhaps
to ward off the blow—I could not tell which, Mr.
Sumner was facing me; Mr. Brooks had his back
to me when I first saw them. I recognized them
both the instant I looked up.
Question. Did you see Mr. Keitt?
Answer. I saw Mr. Keitt when I got up near
the combatants with Governor Gorman-, I went
up immediately. By the time Mr. Keitt-had got
to the aisle the blows had ceased. Mr. Keitt was
therewith, I think, a stick in his hands. He
made some observation; I do not recollect what
it was. He was standing in the aisle, and some
words passed from him; I think they were ad-
dressed to Mr. Crittenden. Mr. Crittenden had
made some remark condemnatory of the fightj
which arrested my attention. 1 think the ex-
pression by Mr. Brooks was in reply to him. I
heard some expression in the nature of a threat,
but do not recollect what it was.
Question. Threats to whom? • , ± ,,
Answer. I think they ware teected to Mr.
