2230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 18,
principle incorporated into it, and we must yield
our opposition. Why, sir, this is a fundamental
change of the Constitution of the country. You
may not call it revolutionary, but it will lead to
revolution.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I understand this
principle to be the great principle of English lib-
erty incorporated into our Constitution, and it is
the only means by which the Parliament of Great
Britain have held the King in check. If we sur-
render it, we shall give our own Executive an
arbitrary power unknown to the Constitution, and
not vested in the King of England. It is the only
principle that is left of popular government by
which the supremacy of the popular will can be
maintained in this country, or m England; and
if we give it up to-day, we may just as well give
up the experiment of this Government.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I have refrained
from saying a word on the subject of this disa-
greement between the two Houses; but I think
it very manifest that, as we have haJnhree con-
ferences on this bill, and are now within two
hours of the adjournment, it would be idle in the
Senate to offer any further terms. Sir, I repose
much upon thatgreatmaxim of meeting the enemy
at the threshold—venienii occurrite morbo. This
House of Representatives, of whom 1 speak with
all respect, have tried on more than one bill, and
now, after three conferences, insist to the latest
hour on making the appropriation bills the vehicle
of revolutionary measures. For one, lam pre-
pared to try if. before the American p"oplo, and
to try. with it the strength of (his Confederacy. I
shall vote to adhere, unless the motion be changed
by the chairman of the committee.
Mr. SEWARD. I am sun; the honorable
Senator from Virginia speaks m a .figurative
sense, and not with real meaning, when he says
that he is meeting the " enemy "at the threshold.
The " enemy" m this case is the Hous - of Hrp-
vesentatives. Sir, the House of Representatives
is in no sense an enemy to the Sen.i to of the
United States, it stands in a position of differ-
once, and it may be called collision, but 
Mr. MASON. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator. He is right. 1 spoke in a figurative
wen so in alluding to the House, of whom11 spoke
with great respect; but T spoke of that public
sentiment whhJi the House now represents.
That is the enemy of thi.s Confederacy.
Mr. SEWARD. Thai public Ki-nlnn^nt which
the House in this rase leprc-enN, m my judg-
ment, with great deference to the honmahic
Senator from Vhginia, is the sentiment of <on-
stitutional law, th'e sentiment of devotion lo ci\ if
liberty, the sentiment of the rights of num. It
is altogether a misapprehension to suppose tli.it,
in political differences which arise between the
Senate and the House of liepi eseii la I i\es, either
is actuated by hostile feelings U> t lie of hei, oi by
feelings hostile to the Union, <>r feelings hostile
to the rights of mankind. ICuch party doubtless
thinks it is light, and each party may well, m
good temper and <rood nafme, submit their differ-
ences to the people of the lTmted States, who are
sovereign to us all, and will preserve the Union
and the Constitution.
Air. DOUGLAS. I have been a nu-mber of
two committees of conference on this bill, and I
am pei feetly satisfied that we may as well adhere
now as insist. 1 .-oppose n n no' uupiopn- lo
remark, that the Lv<\* committer, after tii«• fullest
conference, were nnnnimou^iv of tie - o;i.inon that
U was Hiiw'jse foreitheri louse to pnyo*.,. anolher
conference; 1 hat com nut to* s eon id n<-\ or a-ove on
this question; and that, jf the lull weie (j ,u
all, it must be passed by the action of (lie i {<hi.se
overruling a committee. That belief ihe use,
the)e will he no recommendation foi a furtiu r
committee of conference in the othei IIoum', juul
none here. Tim committer weir* unanimous, L
repeat, in recommending tin ir r\\-> s to
adhere to their present position, and noi occupy
further time with the bill. That bewg: iho < asJ,
I shall \ote to ad Ik re at once.
Ouewoid upon the principle involved. T hold
that the prouso of the House is no! ois!v pal-
pably unconstitutional, but directly revolutionary.
ft establishes martial lav/, or makes the will of
tho President the only law for t!m pro-en ion of
hie and property on tho livers and navigable
high u-avs, as well a.y in the Territoi v of ivan.-M's.
it substitutes the wiii of the President as the solu
and only law in the Territory of Kansas, and
elsewhere, for the protection of life and property,
in contravention of any local law which may
exist in the States or Territories. I hold it to be
wholly unconstitutional and revolutionary.
Mr. BUTLER Mr. President, I shall group
what J have to say in about ten sentences, and
those ten sentences will be aimed at the Senator
from New York, [Mr- Seward.] At a time when
we were prepared to take some initiative meas-
ure on this subject, I appealed to the Senator from
New York, as the oldest Senator on the other
side of the House, representing one of the strong-
est States, whether he would consent to an appro-
priation bill to stop the supplies of this Govern-
ment by an amendment of this kind, and he told
me he would not. 1 thanked him. I am sorry 1
made an acknowledgment to one who has vio-
lated his pledge. There is a limit to everything.
He has spoken on both sides. I believe—I say
it here—he has spoken on both sides, and in a
way to®deceive, every time that he has spoken.
The remarks alluded to are as follows. On the
1st of March, 1855, Mr. buti.f.nsaid:
"I intend to close by a question which 1 desire the
honorable Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] to hear,
lie has stated on this occasion, that what he opposed in
this case was the precedent winch thi  wilt t-ct. Now, i
wMi loin, for himself and those who concur with him, to
say, in the presence of ttie Senate, and betore the Uihunal
which we aie now erecting by the tubutarv testimony
which we arc (jiving, whether, if an appiopuation bill should
come from the House of Repiesentatives, next year, with
a provision lepealmg the fugitive slave law, oi theNebra&ka
bill, lie would vote for itr"
On the same occasion, Mr. Seward responded
as follows:
The honoiahie Senator trom £outh Catohna appeal* to
me how 1 would act 111 a ca->e wiiuh lie nna^nio, which
inay happen, and winch may nevei Iiapp"n ; and that is,
that i! Ilieie shall be a House or' Representatives the next
\cai—which i him m (Jod may lie the ca^e—that wiil send
lieu- a bill to lrpcal tho implivo sduve taw, then how will 1
\ore on that?
k* Mi. UctlfKoa That was not the question; which 1 pro-
pound? d.
"Mr. Sr.w utn. If the honoiable Senatoi will wait> I will
Mate in< (juestion and answer it.
"• Mi. UcTLUK. Veiy well, su.
"Mr. Suwahd. When the House of Representatives
send- thai lull here, it will he the beginning ot thai leaction
which, when the fugitive slave law was passed, I knew
\\ as u> bci-iii in the near lutme. The question being staled
in that simple form,of eouxe the honoiable Senator knovvsf,
and eveiv'hody here and iluoughout the coantiy, I trust,
Knows, whatmv answer would tie. I have voted here more
than once lor the repeal of the fugitive slave law ; and
when the question comes, this year, or the next year, or
the \ c.n atter, or so long a* 1 have a place in the Senate, 1
-hall ahvaw vote lorn, when I can vote font constitution-
al!v, and that I can alwa\ s do when it comes heie as asop-
k what I will do if the
II ne\t year send a hill tor the
piottiHe.J Sn, I triift that
bill
*• < >ihei honorable Senaioi
IIihhc ol Kepre^mtati
ic-lo'-ilion ot the Mi
l!u:t lloine ot Rcpie.sentatives. uhethei it be constituted of
ant! iWln.i^ka men. or of Amet inin men, or \\ hates cr mav
he its constitution. will send up -ueh a bill here. 1 think
theneU House will send it, oi at anv i.ite, the ne\t one
anei that ; and when ri .-hall come heje, I will be prepaied
to \ o!<- loi c\-pnncrin<r slavery li oin evei v foot ot the common
tei i iioi \ of the (J nit (Ml States ot Ameuca, when 1 can do
that consuiuiionaUv ; and I can alwavs do it u hen it is in
a sc.,,n.ii.• hill.
'Vow. sir, having thus stated my faith a^ to what T can
do eoiistituineially, and without laetion or icvoltition, I
will tell Hie honoiable Senator tiom South Caiohna—and
th«'ie aie on thi«- tiooi the wune-sc* of what I s-,iy--ihat
uiou'than once sinee the fugitive slave law was pa^-ed, 1
liave w.n ned mv li lends that they niu^t not put upon an
appiopi Mtmn l>i>l, w Jut li niNolvt's iin; payment of the e\
p-Misr«, of l.'.neimnent, a pioviMoit foi the jepeal of the
fugin\ (> slave law, ami I hat, if thev did, they would not have
inv\"'e. 1 can tell 1 he honoiable Senator tiom South
< 'aiouna that Then* ate tho-e hei (.• who will bear me witnes-,
liiat u lu'n it l.a-i hern pioposcd on this lull J have l el used
to gi\e it in)- support."
]\[r. CLA YTOX. Air. President, M'liiln I en-
tirely concur in the utter impropriety of yielding to
tile amendment proposed by the PJ onse of Repre-
sentatives on this appropriation bill, and while I
deeply deplore the position of that Jlouse upon
it, 1 am not prepared to adopt the report of this
committee,-and adhere until all hope of saving
the lull is gone, nor do I see any necessity for
such .i vote. Jt is sufficient to insist. The mo-
miTif a resolution to adhere is adopted, there is
en end of all posMbj e chance of accommodating
tho difference between the two Houses. To
" adhere" is languuce of one House to the other
which, among parliamentary men, is perfectly
understood to he " You must and you shrdl sur-
render;*' and under th-se circumstances we can
expect nothing from them. Why not now, I ]
appeal to g'-iiiienien, leave the door open till the 1
last moment? Do we exhibit less firmness by
saying, " We insist,",than by^aying, " We ad-
here?" I am for insisting, and I will continue to
insist; but I would leave the door open.
I ask gentlemen what is to be the consequence
of the loss of this bill? The President is left
without a dollar to pay the Army, either a man
or an officer. What is he to do under these cir-
cumstances? I see no cours^ left for him but to
call Congress back to another session immedi-
ately.
Mr. CASS. Allow me to interrupt the Sena-
tor, and say he is right in supposing the Army
cannot be paid; but, worse than that, they cannot
be fed.. The result must be the disbandment of
every soldier of the United States.
Mr. CLAYTON. Defeat this bill, and they
cannot be paid, fed, or clothed. Look at it well i'
See what a picture is bef6re you ! If it be pos-
sible to save the country from this calamity, i am
anxious to do it, and I wiil not consent that we
shall adhere till the last instant. If we defeat
this bill I hold it to be the duty of the President
of the United States to call an extra session of
Congress, and then, thank God, you will have
the privilege of working for nothing and finding
yourselves, for the compensation act which you
have passed denies you a sixpence for attending
an extra session more than you get by staying at
home. I say, the President's duty is to call you
back; and I trust lie will do it if Congress shall
adjourn without settling this question.
Disbanding the Army is an appalling calamity.
I cannot look on the refusal of Congress to pro-
vide against it with any degree of patience. 1
entertain the opinion decidedly that the House
of Representatives are in the wrong; but I say
again, that, though prepared to insist, I will not
adhere, because I know well what will be the
immediate and inevitable consequence of that vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do not
understand this question, cither as the Senator
from Georgia or the Senator from Michigan un-
derstands it. I am unwilling that it, should go
before the country with the explanations which
they have made. The clause of this bill to which
the Senate, by refusing to agree, have made an
issue with the House, docs not place all power
in the hands of the President. It directs the Pres-
ident to protect the citizens of the country, on
its national highways, against unlawful searches
and seizures. Does that put all power in the
hands of the President? Is it not his duty to do
that? Have we not laws in existence now which
protect the citizens of tho country on the national
highways? If no*, it is time for us to enact them.
Kir. DOUGLAS. Will my colleague state
what law protects the citizen on the Missouri
•river, except the laws of Missouri.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the laws pro-
tecting the commerce of the United States, and
the licensed vessels of the United States, will pro-
tect them on the Missouii river. If thev do not,
it is time that we had laws which will do it. We
regulate the vessels on that river; we license them.
We have passed a law regulating the boats on the
Missouri river as well as on others; and it is com-
petent for Congress to give the President power to
protect the vessels on the Missouri river as well
as on the Hudson. The acts against which it is
sought to have the interposition of the President,
if commuted on the Hudson river, where the tide
ebbs and flows, would subject the perpetrators to
punishment by death. They would be nothing
less than piracy.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will tho Senator from Illi-
nois permit me to ask him if he undertakes to
maintain, as a lawyer, that the Federal legislation
against crimes covers disturbances of the peace
of the Missouri river?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I undertake t<* say, that
it is competent for Congress to make it cover that
river. Whether the existing law reaches the Mis-
souii river may be another question; but it is
entirely competent to covcr it, and this clause
may do it. I say the legislation of Congress docs
already protect vessels on rivers where the tide
ebbs and flows, and it is just as competent to pro-
tect a passenger on the Missouri river as on the
Hudson; and I say it is our duty to do it.
Then I do not understand that this is a propo-
sition to place all power in the hands of the Pres-
ident. I am as much opposed to that as any man.
If the proposition were, as the Senator from Geor-
