680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
printed in quarto form, as provided for 112 the
resolution, it would not be much more convenient
16 feare-it printed in some smaller shape?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will state that there
me tables which it will be impossible to insert
in a page of less size than is provided for in the
resolution. The size "and shape of the volume
will .be something .like this which I hold in my
hand, which is a similar work prepared in Great
BHIain.
_,Mr. STEPHENS. Must not the resolution
go "Co the Committee on Printing ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. No, sir, it does not
provide for printing extra copies.
-Mr, ORR. I would suggest to the gentleman
that a motion to print extra copies had better be
made, so that the matter maygoto the Committee
on Printing, to ascertain what the cost may be.
If this work is as valuable as I suppose it to be
by the letter of the Secretary of State which has
.beenread, I presume extra copies ought to be
printed.
MrlSTEPHENS. "Why not move that twenty
thousand extra copies be printed?
■ - Mr. WASHBURNE. The resolution I have
offered only provides for the usual number of
copies. I hope it will be adopted in that form.
If it i?s dosirable to print extra copies, we can do
it afterwards.
Mr. ORR. If there nre to be extra copies
printed, it is important that the order should be
made at once, so as to save the expense of double
composition. I therefore submit motion, in con-
nection with the resolution of the gentleman from
Illinois, that twenty thousand extra copies be
printed, which, I suppose, will go, under the
rule, to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from South Carolina will go to the Com-
mittee 011 Printing, but will not curry the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois, It is com-
petent for the House to commit the resolution to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. JOKES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Illinois if he 1ms made any esti-
mate, or received any, ns to what size the work
is likely to be—how many volumes, and how
many pages, quarto, it will be likely to make?
Mr, W ASH BTIRNE. It will make one volume
quarto, I suppose, of about three hundred pages. ,
It is important, as I stated before, that it should
be printed in qiuirto form, because- it embraces
tables which it will be difficult to print on page#
of less size.
Mr. JONES. It seems, Mr. Speaker, to me,
from the pile of papeis upon your .fable, (hat the
work must be a very voluminous one; and the
character of the. work is one that will be very ex-
pensive in printing. It will be fully as large, I
should think, as the large volume of the census
report.
Mr. WASHBURNE. ) hope the gentleman
from South Carolina will not embarrass the res-
olution, as offered, by a motion (opnntany num-
ber of extra copies. Let the resolution pass in
its present form. Let the printing be don<—with
.the usual number of copies—by the printer of this
House. Then, if at any future time the House
shall desire to print extra copies of tiie work, the
order can be made.
Mr, ORR. I did not understand the suggestion
of the Chair in response to my motion. It was
not my purpose to embarrass or postpone the res-
olution of the gentleman from Illinois. I simply
desire that my motion to print twenty thousand
extra copies shall go to the Committee on Print-
ing.
The SPEAKER. The suggestion of the Chair
was that that would not carry the resolution.
Mr. ORR. That was my understanding.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. FLAGLER. I have but a word to say,
and that is in reference to the proposition in the
resolution, thai the document be printed under the
direction of the State Department. 1 do not see,
though I have before read the letter of the Secre-
tary of the State, why this work should be taken
out of the regular order of procedure. We have
a superintendent of the public printing. It is his
duty to superintend the public printing. In this,
as m all other cases, the proof-sheets will from
time to time be submitted to those in the Depart-
ment who are appointed to read and correct them.
If we take the work out of the usual order, and
have it printed under the direction of the Secretary
of State, we may, with the same propriej^, so
order in reference to every other report from the
Departments sent to this House, and which is
ordered by it to be printed.
The objection I have is, that this will establish
a precedent which, if followed out, will leave the
Superintendent of Public Printing, superintend-
ent only in name, and the reports will be printed
under the direction of the Secretaries from, whom
they emanate. I am for having the superintend-
ent discharge his'duty. I do not see why he
cannot superintend this printing with as much
facility and correctness as he does every other. I
am assured that if it be printed under his direc-
tion, in the usual way, the proof-sheets will go
to the Department of State, and there be submit-
ted to any proof-reader designated by the Depart-
ment to oversee and make all necessary correc-
tions. For this reason I prefer that that portion
of the resolution should be stricken out. I think
that this ought to be printed, as other documents
coming from the Departments, under the super-
intendence of the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Mr. Speaker, I
' have watched, fiom time to time, the progress of
' tins work, and am fully satisfied that it is emi-
nently valuable and much needed by thecountry.
I think there are reasons why the views suggested
in the letter of the Secretary of State should be
cariied out. The cleik, or head of the bureau,
who supervised the collection and arrangement of
those statistics, will then be charged with the ex-
amination of the proof-sheets, and the responsi-
bility for errors of printing will be entirely upon
him. It is said by the gentleman from New
York that the Superintendent of Public Printing
could do this. The superintendent has nothing
to do but to deliver the work to the subordinates
under him, take charge of its printing, and sec
that it is returned to him. He cannot, of course,
attend to the proof-sheets. His attention must be
devoted to the general subject of printing. I
j think, therefore, that there is a propriety in
j having that person read the proof-sheets who
i supervised the arrangement of the statistics.
I So far as I am acquainted with the form of the
! book which has been suggested, I think that the
] quarto being adopted instead of the octavo will
j be itself a matter of economy.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire the gon-
| tleman from South Caiohna to modify his motion
| so that the Committee on Printing will be in-
; strucied to repoit to this House the cost oi the
■ work per volume, in the quarto form the bmd-
! ing itself will cost sixty cents per volume. There
1 will also be increased expense for paper and
j printing. Wc may form some idea of the probable
j costofthe twenty thousand cxtracopies; they will
j probably cost not less than $i3(),0UU. As to the
! suggestion of the gentleman from New York,
i [Mr. flagler,] I will say that i do not undcr-
| stand that the resolution intends to lake from the
| Superintendent of the Public Printing the superin-
j trndence of the mechanical execution of the work;
1 only that the work is to be printed under the
- supervision of the State Department, with a view
! to have it correctly done. The Department has
all the original correspondence, and will be com-
| potent to coirect whatever errors may have crept
1 into the text or typography of the work. The
I superintendent will still have the superintendence
1 over this, wluch he has over printing generally.
| He will attend to the mechanical execution of the
■ document; the State Department to the corrcct-
j ness of the text and tables.
! Mr. ORR. I have no objection to the modifi-
| cation proposed by the gentleman from Tennes-
see. J supposed that the committee, when it
made its report, would, if asked, be able to state
! the cost. I accept the modification.
! Mr. JONES. My modification is in these
' words: "and that the Committee on Printing be
j instructed to report the cost per volume of the
' extra copies."
| The SPEAKER. The order for extra copies
! goes under the rule to the Committee on Print-
! ing, but it does not carry the resolution with it.
I The resolution was then adopted.
j return of a bill from court of claims.
i Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, offered the fol-
lowing .resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Court of Claims be requested to re-
turn to this House the memorial of Mrs. Lewri<?ht Brown-
ing and the papers accompanying Senate bill No. 642,.
the same not being within the jurisdiction of said conrt;
which memorial and accompanying papers were referred to
said court under the general order of the House of March
3, 1855.
enrolled bill.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled an act
to admit to register or enrollment the schooner
Zadock Pratt; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Speaker.
executive communications.
The SPEAKER laid before the .House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting a communication of the Secretary of
the Interior in reference to Indian disturbances
in Oregon and Washington Territories, and recom-
mending an immediate appropriation of $300,000;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Department
of State, inclosing a copy of a letter of the date of
the 1st of November last, addressed to that De-
partment by Mr. S. Wells Williams, the inter-
preter of the mission of the United States to
China, setting forth the inadequacy of the salary
allowed by law to that officer, and recommending
the consideration of the subject to Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, transmitting a letter of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, relative to the necessity of fill-
ing up a part of the site of the Norfolk custom-
house, and recommendingan appropriation there-
for; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Aleans, and ordered to bo printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting copies of receipts and
disbursements for the services of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30, 1855;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a communication from the Post Office
Department, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 28th of Fcb-
ruarv, requesting information in reference to the
building m the process of construction at Buffalo,
for a custom-house, post office, &c.
Mr. HAVEN. The reading of that paper
might as well be dispensed with. It has refer-
ence to the Buffalo custom-house and post office.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury Department, in reference to the same
subject, afew days ago, was laid on the table, and
oidered to be printed, and I move that the same
disposition may be made of these papers; and I
shall ask the House, in a few days, to take up
the subject and act upon it.
The communication was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
communication from the Navy Department, trans-
nutting a detailed statement of the expenditure of
the contingent fundfor theNavy Department, and
its several bureaus, for the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1855; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Court of
Claims, returning, in compliance with a resolution
of the House of Representatives of the 7th in-
stant, House bill No. 722, which was referred to
the Court of Claims by a general order of the
House in March, 1855.
j The bill was placed upon the files of the House,
j Also, the depositions taken in the ease of the
| contested election of Delegate from the Territory
I of Nebraska; which was referred to the Commit-
i tee of Elections.
! bennett's digest of pension laws, etc.
! Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask the unanimous
( consent of the House to introduce a resolution.
; Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My motion to
; adjourn is pending. I only waived it to allow
| the Speaker to lay before the House certain ex-
1 ecutivo communications.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the motion. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion, merely for the purpose of having it referred.
Mr. JONES. Well, I withdraw the motion.
