620
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 26,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Government Buildings—Mr. Ball.
Ho. of Reps.
Such things are not congenial to republicanism
and ou^htnever to be transplanted and cultivated
111 Verv soon after my arrival here last December,
I heard many rumorsin regard to the extravagant
manner in which these buildings were being con-
structed, of inexcusable waste of the public funds,
and of the wrong and proscription which had
been exhibited in the management of some of
them. When, by your partiality, Mr. Speaker,
I was assigned to the post of chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds, I
determined to inquire into these rumors. To this
end, I visited the various shops where the granite
and marble were in process of preparation for the
walls; I inspected the buildings, examined the
original plans, and the modified plans; sought m-
formation, and obtained it from whomsoever I
could in reference to the changes in the plans, the
probable cost of these changes, the quality and cost
of materials, the amount and description of ma-
chinery purchased at Government expense, &c.,
&c. It was soon apparent to me that there was
grave reason for believing that sofcte, if not al],
these rumors were well founded, especially those
in reference to the manner in which the%ontracts
had been awarded for the material of the south
wing of the Treasury building. ThuSibelieving,
I asked and obtained the unanimous consent of
the House, on the 7th of April, to the passage of
a resolution calling upon the Secretary of the
Treasury to furnish the advertisements, together
'with the bids or proposals, and the contracts
•which had been made formaterial and workman-
ship of said building; the cost of machinery which
had been procured for setting the stone in the
walls, and all such other information in detail as
would enable us to understand what was going
on in that particular branch of the public service.
On the 29th of the same month, the Secretary
favored us with this information, and the docu-
ment is now before me. It is my purpose, if I
•can have the attention of the House, briefly to
examine the disclosures made in this report. I
am sure gentlemen cannot have examined it with
care, and made the necessary computations prop-
erly to understand it, otherwise no objections
would have been interposed to the introduction
of the resolutions now under consideration.
I have taken the bids contained in this docu-
mentfurnished us by the Secretary,and have com-
pared them one with another. I have carefully
calculated the several items bid for, and in qll cases
where I had any doubts as to the correct method
of making the computations I have submitted
them to an experienced architect, and the only
result to which I can arrive is, that in one single
contract—that of Beals & Dixon—the Govern-
ment has been "chiseled" out of at least one
hundred thousand dollars. Whether this has
been the result of willful corruption or of an inex-
cusable carelessness on the part of those whose
duty it was to make the computations, I am not
prepared to say—certainly the contract was not
awarded to the lowest responsible bidder; very far
from it, as any gentleman may ascertain who
will take the trouble, as I have done, of wading
through the calculations. I will presently take
up some of these bids and compare them, item by
item, with the bids of Messrs. Beals & Dixon,
that gentlemen may see I am not mistaken. 1
will not go into a comparison of all the bids, but
take only those of Mr. Matthew G. Emery, of this
city, and Mr. J. B. Emery, of Baltimore. I take
these bids because I think they are the lowest,
and also because I am acquainted with the gen-
tlemen whom they offer as guarantors that they
will perform their contracts in case they shall be
awarded to them. In both instances the securi-
ty proffered is entirely responsible, as is duly
certified by Mr. Berrett, the? postmaster of this
city.
Messrs. Beals & Dixon propose to furnish
what is known as " Dix Island" granite. Mr.
M. G. Emery proposes to furnish the granite
from a quarry near duincy, Massachusetts.
Mr. J. B. Emery proposes to furnish Baltimore
county granite—than which there is none better;
but in a note appended to his bid, he says, " if
granite from any other quarry is preferred, I
will substitute such other."
All the bids are for the materials ready wrought
to be put into the building. Messrs. Beals & [|
Dixon make their bids in each case so far as [j
relates to the character of the hammering Nos. 1;
I 1, 2, and 3. !
! M. G. Emery, in his bid, says he will furnish 1!
the material wrought to dimensions and molds,
&c., as directed by the Department, and in all '
respects to comply with the advertisement.
J. B. Emery says: j!
" 1 propose to furnish the granite required by the Treas-
ury Department building equal to the sample marked e, ]:
nnd to execute all the work agreeable to your advertise- I
ment for the folio wing prices." j)
I have seen the sample referred to in Mr. Em- ! i
ery's bid, and compared it with that of Messrs. ] j
Beals & Dixon, and can discern no difference ]
in the style of the hammering—if there be any
difference in the quality of the stone it is in favor
of that of Mr. Emery from Baltimore county.
The bids are as follows, to wit:
Cornice, per foot in length:
Beals & Dixon, No. 1, hammering $39 00
M. G. Emery  29 00
J. B. Emery  24 75
Architrave over column, per foot:
Beals & Dixon  44 00
M. G. Emery  32 00
J. B. Emery  30 00
Architraves over antes:
Beals & Dixon, per foot  19 00
M. G. Emery, "   10 00
J. B. Emery, "   9 00
Mr. CRAIGE, (interrupting.) After the vote
just taken it is evident that the House will pass
the resolution. I will suggest, therefore, that it
is hardly necessary for the gentleman to make a
speech upon the subject until we obtain the in-
formation called for by the resolution from the
propjer Department. The gentleman from Ohio,
I have no doubt, from his position, has informa-
tion upon this subject which no other member of
the House has.
Mr. BALL. If other gentlemen have not
looked into this subject, it is no fault of mine.
These things have been done here in open day,
in sight of all who choose to look upon them. I
desire now to call the attention of the House to
'them.
I Mr. CRAIGE. It is certainly a mistake to
I say that other gentlemen have had the same op-
' portunity of looking into this matter that the
gentleman from Ohio has. Of course he has had
opportunities for investigation which other gen-
tlemen have not had. I think, therefore, that it
i is but fair that the discussion of this matter should
J be postponed until we have received this informa-
tion from the proper Department.
Mr. BALL. Mr. Speaker, the session is pro-
gressing, and I think it is full time this matter
was looked into; and what I now propose to do
is to call the attention of members to some of the
developments which are contained in this Treas-
ury document. Nearly a month has passed since
it was laid before this body. For some two or
three weeks it has been in print, and could at any
time have been had by sending to the document-
room for it. Surely there has been ample time
for gentlemen to look it over, and become ac-
Suainted with its main features, if not to go over
le calculations item by item.
Some years ago, Mr. Speaker, when these pub-
lic buildings were being carried on under the
direction of Mr. Fillmore's Secretary of the In-
terior, our friends of the Democratic party were
continually manifesting their vigilance in looking
after those in charge of them. Session after ses-
sion charges of mismanagement and corruption
were made here and in the other wing of the Cap-
itol. Investigating committees were raised, with
power to send for persons and papers and examine
witnesses upon their oaths. Officers were brought
before them, and exactnined and reexamined; wit-
nesses were sworn, depositions were taken, and
in the reports of that day we find that Timmy
Gleason and Paddy Cusack, and Jimmy Duffy and
Jimmy Maher,and Hughy Donohooand Johnny
Schmidt, and all the McO'Bees, and O'Connors,
and McGinnises who had ever shoveled mortar,
or handled a brick, or shouldered a hod about
the Capitol, have their testimony spread out at
full length, to prove that the marble was purchased
in blocks unnecessarily large, or that some other
waste or indiscretion had been committed in the
management of the work by those acting under
Mr. Fillmore's authority. But gentlemen appear
to have changed now.
It is no part of my purpose to enter into any
defense of that Administration; its history is be-
fore the country; it can be judged of by its deeds.
But if that Administration merited censure for
its expenditures upon these buildings, the pres-
ent one is tenfold more censurable; of which gen-
tlemen will probably become satisfied before my
disclosures are through with.
But I must return to a comparison of the
bids. I have been drawn aside by the interruption
of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Craige.]
Capitals of Columns.
Beals & Dixon each $900 00
M. G. Emery "   430 00
J. B. Emery "   400 00
Capitals of Antes.
Beals & Dixon each.  240 00
M. G. Emery "   60 00
J. B. Emery "   58 00
Bases of Antes.
Beals & Dixon, (bid for each)  80 00
M. G. Emery "   16 00
J. B. Emery "   15 00
Shafts of Column.
Beals & Dixon, for No. 1 hammering,
(in one piece) 2,700 00
Beals & Dixon, for No. 2 hammering,
(adopted) 2,450 00
M. G. Emery, (in two pieces) 1,800 00
M. G. Emery, for No. 2 hammering,
(in three pieces) 1,300 00
J. B. Emery, (bid to be done according
to advertisement) 1,200 00
Plain Steps, (per foot in length.')
Beals & Dixon bid  2 00
For each additional three inches in width
up to eight feet, per superficial foot.. 50
M. G. Emery bid   1 50
For each additional three inches, &c.,
per foot    03
J. B. Emery bid  1 50
For each additional three inches, &c... 04
Platforms three feet wide, not to exceed ten feel long.
Beals & Ditfon bid per foot  1 25
M. G. Emery "   87J
J. B. Emery "   85
Balustrade per lineal foot.
Beals & Dixon bid    37 50
M. G. Brtpry "   40 00
J. B. Enrery "   35 00
17,192/e«t No. 1 Hammering.
Beals & Dixoli bid per foot  80
M.G.Emery "   70
J. B. Emery "   65
10,174 feet Nq. 2 Hammering.
Beals & Dixon bid.   60
M.G.Emery "     60
J. B. Emery "   55
10,791 feet No. 3 Hammering.
Beals & Dixon bid  48
M. G. Emery "   50
J. B. Emery "   45
Now, on all these items there can be no mis-
take as to who is the lowest bidder. J. B. Em-
ery is below Messrs. Beals & Dixon on every
item so far, and both he and M. G. Emery very
far below them in the aggregate; but there waa
a lot of rough stone to be bid for, and it was upon
this item, by a hocus pocus mode of computing
the bids, that.the officers at the Department were
enabled to swallow up all the advantage which
the Emerys had over Beals & Dixon in the items
here enumerated. Bidders were requested to bid
for them, stating the prices they were willing to
furnish them for in blocks not exceeding thirty
cubic feet in each; and in blocks containing from
thirty to seventy cubic feet each; and also in
blocks containing over seventy feet each. No
larger figure than seventy feet was named in the
