1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jane 2,
Crittenden, though I cannot distinctly tell whether
to him or Sumner. The reason why I thought
they were directed to Mr. Crittenden was, because
he had made some remark that it was a shame,
or something of that sort.
Question. Do you recollect telling Mr. Keitt
not to strike?
Answer. I think I do. I thought he was going
to strike. He seemed to be excited; he had a
stick in his hand.
Question. Was the stick raised ?
•Answer. I do not know whether it was raised
Or not. I had the impression that he was going
to use it, or rather I was afraid that he might
use it.
Question. What was the position of Mr. Brooks
when you made the observation ?
•Answer. He was standing in the aisle; Mr. Crit-
tenden was there. This excited conversation
was going on; Mr. Crittenden made some such re-
mark as I have stated. Mr. Brooks was standing
in the crowd. Then Mr. Keitt made some excited
remark; what it was I do not recollect. I am not
sure. I would not say that he intended to strike
him.
Question. Did you make the remark from an
apprehension that he was going to strike Mr.
Crittenden, or Mr. Sumner?
Answer. I thought Mr. Crittenden. Mr. Sum-
ner was ten or twelve feet away.
Question. Did you not see Mi. Keitt approach-
ing the scene of the assault until this remaik was
made by Mr. Crittenden ?
Answer. He was standing there when the re-
mark was made, and that was when [ first saw
him. 1 saw no demonstration until that remark
was made; I saw no attempt of his to strike Mr.
Sumner, nor heard any throat of his to Mr. Sum-
ner.
Qiipsfion. IJad you seen Mr. Keitt in the Sen-
ate Chamber before?
Answer. I had not that morning.
him until that time; I saw nothing
the occurrence.
Question. With what vigor were the blows laid
on ?
• 'hisirer. Mr. Crooks seemed to slnke as haul
as he could. 1 tiniiic they were very decided.
They were very rapid, and as hard as ho eould
hit. Thevweie hard licks, and very offcetne.
They made a good deal more noise after the slick
was broken than before. They sounded as if
the end of the stick was split.
Qu.f$/ion. Is Mr. Brooks a man of much size,
or muscular power?
Answer. Yes, sir; he seemed to be a man of a
good deal of activity and strength. 1 should Judge
he'has both.
Question, (by Mr. Comt.) What was Mr. Sum-
ner's size and appearance?
Answer. My own opinion is that Mr. Sumner
was physically, at lea*t, his equal. That was
my judgment on looking at the men. So f.<r as
lean judge, Mr. Sumner is a man of fine phy-
sique; a man of strong muscular fram^ and phys-
ical power. I have but a slight acquaintance with
either. I should think that i\j r. Sumner was
about six feet in height, and Mr. Brooks about
six feet and an inch.
Question* (by Mi. Gref.nwood.) ITow long
do you suppose if, was after the adjournment of
the Senate that this or ,iuen< e took place5
Answer. Mv irnprcs ,on js, that it was about
a half-hour; from a half to three quarters of an
hour. I paid no attention at the time; but from
several circumstances my impression is, that
perhaps it was a little longer than a half-hour.
<iuestion. Were any others present, that von
recollect?
Answer. Judge Iverson was sitting in his seat, j
Mr. h ostei was there, and Mr. Stuart, I think. !
Question. Did you see Judge Douglas on that i
occasion* |
Answer. I did not sec him at the tune. I saw '
him some little time after ihe difficulty was over. ;
1 theii^saw Air. Douglas, Mr. Pitzpatriek, and !
Mr. Shdell, and, I think, two or three others ,
coming m. I hey had been, probably, in the1
iinte-room of the Senate xt the time of the diffi-
culty. They (.ame in immediately after the oc-
currence took place.
Question* (by Mr. Cobb.) Did these gentle-
men come m after all the assistance had" been
rendered Mr. Sumner that was necessary?
f did not see
of him before
Answer. 1 think so. They were then pre-
paring to take him out. I could not be particu-
lar m stating the precise instant in which they
came into the Senate Chamber. 1 recollect gen-
erally, that several persons came in immediately
after the occurrence; but before they came other
persons had rendered all the assistance that could
be rendered to Mr. Sumner. Mr. Sumner asked
for his hat, and several bystanders looked around
among the desks and chairs for it. By this time,
I should suppose there were thirty or forty peo-
ple in the Senate Chamber.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) Have you
any knowledge of any premeditation of this act?
Answer. None whatever. I never heard any-
thing of it until 1 heard the parties in conflict. I
never heard that it was in contemplation, or spo-
ken of in any way—not even in the street—and I
now know nothing about any premeditation. I
have had no conversation with Mr. Brooks,except
what I then had with him in the aisle. I have
not seen him since.
Question, (by Mr. Greenwood.) You said Mr.
Douglas was standing in the aisle at the time the
difficulty took place?
Answer. He was not standing there at the time
the difficulty occurred. I did not see him until
afterwards. I have no idea that he was there.
J was standing talking to Governor Gorman, f
do not recollect seeing Mr. Douglas until after
the difficulty occurred. I had been m conversa-
tion with IS fi. Iverson, Mr. Brown, and Governor
Gorman, alternately. I left my colleague, and
meeting Governor Crorman, I stopped with him
to have some conversation; and while we were
talking this thing occurred.
(Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) Was there
any other desk overthrown than the one at which
Mr. Sumner was sitting?
Amwer. I do not remember. I do not recollect
seeing any. My impression is, that no other
desk was overturned. I noticed more mreference
to the desks while they were looking for the hat
than perhaps 1 should otherwise have done. I do
not think any other desk was? overturned,though
1 am not suie about jt.
J Ion. L. F. S. Foster, sworn:
(by Mi. < What do you
know of the facts connected with (he assault
alleged to have been made upon Mr. Sumner, in
the Senate Chamber, by the Hon. Air. {'rooks,
of South Carolina, on Thursday, May l^ob'?
Answer. I was sitting at my desk on Thursday
last ni the Senate Chamber, after the adjournment
of the Senate, engaged m wi i ting a letter. Accord-
in,-- lo my recollection the Senate adjourned about
one o'clock. While thus engaged m writing, at
about fifteen or twenty minutes past one o'clock,
my attention was suddenly attracted by a noise
paitially behind me as I was sitting. 1 turned
tound to learn the cause, and saw the Hon. P. S.
Urooks, a member of the House of Represent-
atives, striking the Hon. Charles Sumner, a mem-
ber of the Senate, o\er the head with a cane. I
ran to the parties instantly, with a view to stop
the commission of violence; and got partly be-
tween the parties with my face towards Mr.
Biooks, and my back towaids Mr. Sumner. At
about the same instant, one or more persons seized
hold of Mr. Brooks from behind, or standing by
Ins side, and turned him round, with lus face to-
wards the from door of the Chamber. This
stopped the blows; and 1 instantly turned to see
the condition of Air. Sumner, and saw him nearly
prostiate on the floor, suppoitcd by the Hon.
Mr. Morgan, a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives. Mr. Sumner seemed nearly uncon-
scious, and was bleeding freelv from the wounds
on his head. Mr. Morgan begged some one to
call a surgeon, and the reply was, that one had
been sent lor. I ran for a glass of water; and
when I returned with it, one of the pages had al-
ready procured one, and was offering it to Air.
Sumner. It -uas suggested that it would bo best
to convey Mr. Sumner to the ante-ioom and lay
him on a sofa. Mr. Sumner seemed to have re-
covered his consciousness; said he thought lie
could walk; he also requested that the documents
at his desk might be taken care of. He, was taken
to the ante-room, where he remained till the sur-
geon arrived, who examined his wounds and par-
tially dressed them, when he was removed to his
lodgings.
This is a brief statement of the facts which
fell under my observation. The transaction, so
far as the infliction of blows is concerned, was of
very short continuance. In a time of so much
excitement I should hesitate as to giving an opin-
ion for which I should claim accuracy as to tho
precise length. I hardly think it could have ex-
ceeded one minute. Mr. Sumner was in the act
of rising, or had risen, when I first turned my
head, attracted by the noise, and seemed reeling
or staggering under the blows. His desk was
overturned—whether that made part of the noise
which first attracted my attention, or not, I cannot
tell. I cannot tell how many blows were stiuck;
they were struck with extreme rapidity—perhaps
as many as a dozen; but it is with no confidence
that I speak of a precise number.
Question, (by Air. Pennington.) Plow many
blows did you see struck ?
Answer. I have already said that I could not
form any positive opinion as to how many blows
I saw struck. I could not state with any accu-
racy at all. They were struck with extreme
rapidity. I think any one standing by would
have found it impossible to count them.
Question. Were they struck with very much
forcc?
Answer. They were struck with violence; I
should think with as much violence as Mr.
Brooks could use, considering the elevation of
Mr. Sumner's position, and the rapidity with
which they were struck. A man, standing as he
did, and striking as fast as he could an object ele-
vated as Air. Summer was, could not strike with
as much forcc as if he were lower and struck
more deliberately.
Question. Did you see any participation in the
assault by any other person than Mr. Brooks?
Answer. I did not. My eye was fixed intently
i upon him, and if there had been others standing
by 1 should scarcely have noticed it. My object
was to get between the parties, and to stop vio-
lence.
Question. Did you hear any expression upon
the part of any other person in the nature of a
threat ?
Answer. While I was coming around to the
parties,! think I heard broken words, something
like this: "Let them alone;" " ft is all fair," or
something like that—broken parts of sentences.
Question. Dul Air. Sumner strike any blows,
or make any defense?
Answer. 1 think not. His whole manner seemed
to me like a person in convulsions; his arms were
thrown around as if unconsciously. There was
no resistance, as I should judge; 1 did not see
them all the time. From the time that I started
until I got around to where they were—and 1
wentas fast as I could, it took me only an instant
—they were out of my sight. That is all I can
say m regard to it.
lion. Ambrose S. Murray, sworn:
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) What do you
know of the facts connected with the assault al-
leged to have been made upon Air. Sumner, in
the Senate Chamber, by the Hon. Mr. Brooks, of
South Carolina, on Thursday, May 22, 18jG.
Answer. 1 was, on Thurs'day last, the 22d of
| this month, standing near the south entrance of
the Senate Chamber, behind the screen, just back
of Senator Clayton's seat, talking to Mr. Mor-
gan and Air. Simonton. I heard a blow or
blows struck, 1 could not say which, and some
ruslung in the Senate Chamber. 1 immediately
looked around to see what was going on. I
saw Air. Btooks striking some person with a
cane very rapidly. I ran back around the out-
side of the rail, around the Senate passage-way,
and I saw Mr. Brooks continuing his assault,
striking Air. Sumner with a cane over the head
and shoulders, i came up the passage-way, and
there were a number standing around. I saw
nobody interfering to prevent the assault, or
actively interfering, except Mr. Crittenden. He,
apparently, was trying to prevent Mr. Brooks's
assault upon Mr. Sumner. I immediately stepped
up behind Air. Brooks and caught him by the
body and the right arm, drew him back, and
turned him around from Air. Sumner. I then
turned around to Mr. Sumner. He was lying
down, resting partly upon one of the desks that
had been turned over, seeming very much stunned,
and covered with blood.
That was the end of the assault, and all that I
saw. There were a number of gentlemen pres-
