1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2231
gia says, to place all power in the hands of the j
President, I v.-ould be the last man to agree to it. |
I dn not understand that to be the proposition. !
Now, what is the position in which the two
Houses are placed' The Senator from Michi- :
can tells us that it is an attempt by one House !
to coerce- the other, and if this is permitted Con- j
gress will degenerate into a French convention. i
Wineli House has attempted to coerce the other ? j
Has the House of Representatives refused to pro- [
vide for your Army? Has the House of Itepre- j
gentatives taken a step which will disband the j
Army, and leave it to go unfed? No, sir; it has i
provided more than twelve millions of dollars for j
the support of your Army: and what has it re- j
fused to do ? It has refused to place money in the j
hands of the President to execute alleged laws, ]
which the Ilouse of Representatives say are ]
nullities and nothing else; and you, the Senate, ;
have said to the House that, unless it will pro- I
vide money to enforce, the laws of Kansas—the
IdYvS of a bogus Legislature, as that House has
found it to be on examination—unless it will fur-
nish money to enforce such laws, and prosecute
innocent men now confined in tents upon the
plains of Kansas, not a dollar shall be paid to the
Army anywhere else. If is the Senate that has
done the deed; and the Senator says here, that the
Army shall be disbanded, if that be the effect—
that the troops shall not be fed, unless the House
of Representatives will succumb, and appropriate
money to enforce the disputed laws of Kansas.
That House lias made ample provision for the
Army; and the question is, simply, shall the
House of Representatives be coerced into an ap-
propriation of money to enforce laws which have
been found to be void, or shall this appropriation
bill go unpassed? I saf, sir, the responsibility
is here, and it cannot be charged that it is adopt-
ing a revolutionary- measure; hut the responsi- j
bi'fity is upon the Senate, which demands an ap- j
propriation of money to enforce bogus laws in j
Kansas.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, there are j
two points which have not been made m this !
debate. The first is, that this is the first ^ appro-
priation bill upon which either House has insisted
011 incorporating a legislative provision. The
second point to which 1 desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate and the country is, that the ^
House of Representatives receded from a similar ||
provision in regard to Kansas, on the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill, which j;
contained an appropriation to pay ourselves. If jj
this bill contained an appropriation for the legis- .
lutive branches of the Government, it would be a
different thing; but what will be the effect of the (
loss of this bill, even m Kansas, permit me to i
ask3 The President of the United States would !
be obliged to disband the Army; you would have j
three thousand soldiers in Kansas discharged ;
unpaid, and the question would be, on which j
side would they be found? !
* Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from llli- t
no'is [Mr. Trpmbcli.] has assailed with great 1
earnestness the position that I took, but, 1™ust ;
lie allowed to say, not with equal success. VV hat (
does he now contend? He contends^ that the |
Senate is the assailing party; that the Senate, by
not agreeing to the provision of the House of
Representatives, have become the assailants, and j
are disposed to hazard one of the great appro- ;
priation bills of the country. What is the tact.- ■
The Senate and the House have agreed upon an
appropriation for the Army. Both branches say
that the bill ought to pass. We stand on equal
-round The bill has fulfilled its functions ol
pmvtdmsr for the making of all appropriations
renuuvd for the support of your Army: justwnat
it nurnurts to be, and just what it should be
nwkin" appropriations to carry out the existing
punisionV required by law. ^o stand bom
Houses upon equal ground. TV hat then comes
The House annexed to it a totally independent
provision. Is the coercion on our side or tueirs.-
The House say, " We will have this provision
on this appropriation bill, which we sa> is cor-
rect.'' We agree to the bill, with that exception,
but still the House sav it shall not pass with-
out this provision. Who is the assailing paity
there?
That brings us back to the original pnncip.e
should the Senate tolerate an attack not merely ,,
oil its constitutional privileges, but 011 the Con- ,
stitution of the country? The Senate represents
the sovereign States of this Confederacy. It is
an essential, an elementary part of the constitu-
tional organization of the Government; and allow
me to say that if, in 1788, at the period of the
convention, a proposition had been submitted to
make this a mere Government of popular num-
bers, you would not have had a chance for a
Constitution. The tendency of this principle is
to concentrate all power in the House of Repre-
sentatives; to allow thern to annex any provision
they please, without reference to the subject of
appropriation. Appropriation bills are intended
to be bills to carry into effect preexisting laws;
but this would be the establishment of a great
fundamental, unconstitutional principle, irrecon-
cilable with the nature of our Government. That
is the tendency of the attempt of the House of
Representatives. The honorable Senator front
Illinois has taken another ground which to me is
most strange; and that is, that the President of the
United States may use the military force of the
United States on the roads and rivers reaching
Kansas.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "National highways.
Mr. CASS. I want to know what authority
the President of the United States has to go into
Missouri, and interfere with her roads and rivers ? !
It is not the President of the United States who |
protects commerce; it is the law. How is he to j
I ascertain that the laws have been violated, and I
that a force is required to execute them m that 1
1 State' Not by his own act. The Constitution
is \ery clear 011 that point. It presupposes that
the laws will support themselves; but if they do
not, the statute docs not require the President to
step m, but there must lie a report from the
marshal that the power in his hands is not suffi-
cient; then, with the certificate of a judge of the
Supreme Court, he goes to the President. The
President is then authorized to call out the armed
force in the States, but not until then. That has
been the provision of our laws since the adoption
of the Constitution. I repeat my question to the
honorable Senator from Illinois, what right has
this Cono-ress to give power to the President to
call out "the forces in the first instance, before
this state of things has been ascertained by the
proper authorities of the respective States'
Mr.TRUMBULL. I wilianswerin one word.
This provision applies to "the national high-
ways"—not roads going to Kansas., It means
only those highways under the jurisdiction of
the National Legislature. _
Mr. CASS. There is no such thing as a na-
tional Inahway over which the Government of
1 the United States has jurisdiction. T he junsdic-
1 tion with respect to navigation is extended to
rivers of importance, where ooats float eauying
ten tons; but no law of the United States ever
extended to highways. There is no such law on |
our statute-book. It is not the President of the ,
United States, but the laws of the United States, 1
that afford protection to commerce 011 the "vers 1
anywhere. What right has the President to step ,
1,1 and presuppose that the laws will not be cxe- |
cuted ? None at all. He must ascertain that ;
fact in the mode pointed out by law. Iheie 1
must be an attempt to execute the laws by the
propel officer. If he fails from the want of force,
or superior opposition, he must go to the judge ,
and it his certificate. Then the case goes to the .
President, and he orders out the forces m order ,
to carry into effect the laws passed by Congress. ■
TJiat is his power, and all his power, over the |
<mblOCt
Mr' TOOMBS. The reason why the commit-
tee thought proper to make this motion to adhere
is, that our sands are nearly exhausted. _ Iheie
are now less than two hours of tae session left.
' We have had three committees of conference 0,1
this bill. After great deliberation, 011 full eon-
' sulfation, it was the settled opinion of all a.e
, coinniitteesunanimously.tliatanagreemen could
' not be had-, and, therefore, we deemed 1. un ice. s-
*arv to do more. In deference, howeiei. to tae
' opinions of the honorable Senator from Miun-
o-an, whose a-e and experience and patuoti=i.i
; we all so much respect, 1 am peiiectlv wuiinfiiu
alter 111V motion to one of insisting, if he tut..k.
•• if bi'sMhat the House should have an opporoe
"nity to reflect. I mean still w express o-j nm
vote the same determination es  iu
The point which 1 make has ocen
The provision in the bill is, that the President
shall " protect persons and property therein, and
on the national highways leading to said Territory,
lorn all unlawful searches and seizures." As has
been well remarked by the Senator from Michi-
gan, this gives the Presidentabsolute power, with-
outcondition, without any preliminaries. Suppose1
the bill should pass with this provision requiring
the President to give this protection by the Army;
as I stated when I first arose, it would be a
declaration of martial law; and it is against the
Constitution, if it is to be enforced in a State;
because the Constitution expressly provides that
you shall not call out the military to act in a State,
to enforce State laws, except on demand by the
Legislature, or, if the Legislature cannot be con-
vened, on a requisition by the Governor of the
State. If a military force be necessary to execute
a law of the United States, the preliminaries re-
quired, before the President can act, are fixed by
statute, as properly stated by the Senator from
Michigan#
Our fathers were jealous of this power. No
free government ever did, before this bill, propose
to give to its sovereign—to its executive—the
army, and say, " You keep the peace; you pro-
tect property everywhere." Our forefathers in
1787 would not let him use the army at all; he
had to call for the militia. They were jestious
of the whole military power in the States of the
Union. They put only two provisions in regard
, to it in the Constitution. They wanted to keep
it down. The Constitution kept it down; and
this is striking at that constitutional provision.
It says to the President, "Take your fifteen
thousand men, preserve order oil the national
highways as you please, irresponsible to law,
irresponsible to the Constitution, irresponsible to
the courts." Gentlemen talk about disbanding
the Army. Sir, I say let the Army go; let it be
disbanded; but preserve the Constitution for the
protection of the people.
I withdraw my motion to adhere, and move to
insist. .
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler]
has aimed ten round, full, heavy sentences at
the Senator from New York. 1 aia sorry that
he thought it necessary to do so. This is a great
public question; it is a great national question; it
I is a great question affecting the welfare of society
I and the liberties of the country. Ihe isenator
! from New York is but one of the sixty-two mem-
bers of this body—one of the three hundred mem-
bers of the Congress of the United States. It is
aiming quite short of the mark to aim at a single
Senator ammunition and balls that ought m fact
to be directed against the House of Representa-
tives. But, sir, I will show the honorable Sena-
tor from South Carolina that his balls fall harm-
less at my feet. The House of Representatives
last year sent here a civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill, and upon it they sent 
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator from New
York allow me to make a suggestion to lam ?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Michigan
has asked that the motion be changed from ad-
hering to insisting, and the Senator from Georgia
has signified his willingness to, do so. If we are
to insist we ought to do it at once, so as to
  ' 1T  Let us take the
Win",  e,--
send"the bill back to the House.
V°Mr §EWARD. If the honorable Senator had
allowed me 1 should be through in three minutes.
Mr HUNTER. I would not have interrupted
1 the Senator but for the short time we have left,
i Mr. SEWAR.D. I was going to say that last
. year the House of Representatives sent here a hill
i containing appropriations for the civil and mplo-
■, malic expenses of the Government, and upon it
was a condition that the revenue system, the sys-
tem of raising money for the support of the Gov-
eruui^nt, should be chatted J a a material i<
I maintained, that for tlv House of Kor
, auvts to attach a rvvomv: sy^m, v-'m<
subject withm their t'xehisive
aiipropnanon bill, Uuk
■ L'mtfd C?tat''S £ives tho > MI a
' without any um^v. a\ui i V1'>s ' •_
fitiit'ly iinnn'^wy, was ' ,
u-iKku u.v.-.uds 'vvilu-f- - Tm- •"> VS
1 Now, the -M i*-1
lwie, a r. vei.n- V.. 1 •' " •' 5 '
:t.
ml-
^ a
. au
' tins
■ ad ,
and
