1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
ent. My opinion is that twenty persons, or up-
wards, were standing around.
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) Will you name
tlie 01?
Answer. I saw Mr. Poster, Mr. Keitt, Mr.
Crittenden, and a large man, I think the Door-
keeper or Sergeant-at-Arms. I do not recollect
any others now, except Mr. Morgan and Mr.
Simonton. A number of persons, however, came
in shortly after. I think there were twenty or
upwards in the room at the time the occurrence
took place, but I did not know them, or do not
recollect their names.
Mr. Brooks struck Mr. Sumner a great num-
ber of times, I should think from ten to twenty.
It was done in very rapid succession.
Question. Did he strike after Mr. Sumner was
down ? '
Answer. I think not. When I came up Mr.
Sumner was reeling around against the seats,
backwards and forwards, and after I pulled Mr.
Brooks back Mr. Sumner fell over.
Question. Did he make any effort to strike him
again ?
Answer. I caught his arm just as he was in the
act of striking another blow.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) What was
the position of Mr. Sumner at that time ?
Answer. He was standing up, or rather ap-
peared to be reeling around, not defending him-
self at all. The blows were falling very thick
upon his neck and shoulders.
Question. When tlie last blow was struck, was
he still standing?
Answer. He was not standing erect at any time
after I saw him. He seemed to be reeling around
against the desk. There were two or three of
them thrown over—two at all events, and I do not
know but more.
Question. Did you see any person interfere in
support of Mr. Brooks ?
Answer. I do not know that I saw any other
person interfere. I saw Mr. Keitt standing near
at the moment I caught hold of Mr. Brooks, but
I saw no person trying to separate them except
Mr. Crittenden.
Question. Did Mr. Keitt interfere to prevent
their being separated ?
Answer. Not to my knowledge.
Question. Did you hear any threatening lan-
guage from Mr. Keitt?
Answer. 1 did not.
Question, (by Mr. Spinner.) At what time was
the assault committed?
Answer. I do not know. I passed over to the
Senate about the time it adjourned, and the occur-
rence took place not very long after.
Question. You stated that you went outside of
the bar at the time the striking commenced, and
went around, and that when you arrived Mr.
Brooks was still striking?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. What was the distance from the point
where you started?
Answer. I do not know. I suppose about fifty
feet. I went around as quickly as I could.
Question. Butthe strikmghad commenced when
you started, and was still going on when you
arrived?
Answer. Yes, sir, I think two or three blows
were struck before I started. Iimmediatclylooked
around, and went to the place as quickly as I
could.
Hon. Edwin B. Morgan, sworn:
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) What do you
know of the facts connected with the assault al-
leged to have been made upon Mr. Sumner in
the Senate Chamber, by the Hon. Mr. Brooks, of
South Carolina, on Thursday, May 22, 1856?
Answer. I went into the Senate immediately
upon the adjournment of the House, 011 the day
the assault is alleged to have taken place, the 22d
instant. I entered by the private entrance near
Mr. Clayton's seat, and was in conversation with
Mr. Simonton and Mr. Murray directly behind
the screen at the corner. After I had been there
for a few moments I heard a noise, thumps,
pounding, and rustling disturbance. I turned im-
mediately, and there were, perhaps,two or three
blows given with a cane. I stepped one step only
around the screen, and saw Mr. Brooks in the act
of striking directly over Mr. Sumner. I cried
out to those who were around to take him off,
and ran as rapidly as I could, passing by the
Clerk's table and up the aisle. There were other
persons in the Hall; who they were I cannot say.
My eye was upon Mr. Brooks and Mr. Sumner,
rather than upon others. Mr. Murray, who
started at the same time, and went around the out-
side of the bar, got there'the very instant I did.
He caught Mr. Brooks by the arm while in the
act of striking, and I sprung between Mr. Brooks
and Mr. Sumner, and caught Mr. Sumner in the
act of falling, so that my being there at the mo-
ment saved him from falling as heavily upon the
floor as he would otherwise have done. The
blows came with great rapidity. I cannot tell
how many were given, but I suppose fifteen or
twenty, and possibly more. There were but few
persons in the Senate Chamber at the moment,
that I recognized. Among others, I noticed Sen-
ators Evans, Poster, Crittenden, Toombs, and
Bright. I do not recollect now of any others. Of
members of the House, Mr. Murray and Mr.
Keitt were all I recollect of seeing, although oth-
ers came in immediately after. I speak of the
moment when the assault took place as near as
I can recollect, and judge there were twenty or
twenty-five persons in the room at the time.
There might not have been quite as many, and
possibly more. At the time I saw Mr. Sumner,
his head was down, and Mr. Brooks apparently
had hold of his coat collar. I know he had, a
portion of the time. He was standing directly
over him. Mr. Sumner made no effort at all to
protect himself; indeed he was reeling and stag-
gering about; and when he fell was entirely in-
sensible. He did not know me for some time.
These are substantially the facts which came
within my knowledge. Every effort Mr. Sum-
ner made was merely spasmodic, and I do not
believe he was conscious from the first blow.
Question. Have you stated the number of
blows ?
Answer. I cannot state the precise number;
I should suppose there were fifteen or twenty;
there might have been more. They wore given
with great rapidity, and in the excitement of the
moment it would be impossible to tell, for I started
upon a full jump.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) How were
the blows aimed, and with what vigor were they
laid on ?
Answer. I do not think he could have given
them with any greater force. I think he was ex-
erting himself to the full extent of his power.
Question. Upon what part of the person were
they aimed?
Answer. Over the head directly; he was stand-
ing directly over Mr. Sumner. When I first dis-
covered him he was standing, and Mr. Sumner
was sitting; Mr. Sumner had not risen from his
seat; he was behind his desk; his head was lean-
ing forward. Mr. Brooks was standing directly
in front, and hitting him over the head.
Question. Did Mr. Sumner say anything ?
Answer. I do not think he uttered a word; if
he did I did not hear it.
Question. What appeared to be his condition
as to consciousness?
Answer. I have no idea from his appearance, as
I recollect it, that he was conscious, and I thought
of it immediately afterwards, and do not think
he was at all conscious of anything. I judge so,
among other things, from the fact that he made
no effort to defend himself in any way—not even
to defend his head from the blows which were
being laid on, and which he naturally would
have done had he been conscious, and from his
general appearance.
Question. Did anybody other than Mr. Brooks
take any part in the assault, as you saw, directly
or by aiding and abetting it ?
Answer. I saw Mr. Keitt flourishing his cane
near him and uttering something, but I have 110
knowledge what.
Question. State at what period you saw this.
Answer. It was at the moment of iny arrival.
Indeed I saw him on my way flourishing his
cane, but heard nothing he said.
Question. Did any one else attempt to interfere
when you were there ?
Answer. No, sir; there was no interference.
Question. Where was Mr. Keitt standing when
you saw him flourishing his stick ?
Answer. At or near General Cass's seat. lie
was, at that moment, standing still. It was at the
time Mr. Sumner fell, or immediately previous.
Question. Where wag Mr..Keitt at.the time
Mr. Murray separated Mr. Brooks from-Mr.
Sumner? ' . ; -■
Answer. I cannot say where he was at. that
moment. At the time Mr. Sumner fell, my tack
was partially towards Mr. Keitt. As Mr. Stun-
ner fell, my back was turned towards fhe aisle;
perhaps one foot was in the aisle, and the other
upon the rise.
Question. Can you repeat anylanguageused by
Mr. Keitt upon that occasion ?
Answer. I cannot.
Question. Do you recollect whether Mr. Crit-
tenden interfered ?
Answer. I saw Mr-. Crittenden. He was the
only person, with the exception of the reporter
or Clerk—I do not know which, but I am inclined
to think it was the reporter—who did interfere.
He was apparently making his way to the par-
ties for the purpose of making some effort at in-
terference. Mr. Crittenden was making similar
demonstrations. I did not see him take hold.-of
any one, but he evidently was endeavoring to get
the parties separated. My impression is that he
did not take hold of either of the parties.
Question. Were the demonstrations of Mr.
Keitt, to which you refer, before or after you saw
Mr. Crittenden "and the officer of the Senate in-
terpose ?
Answer. They were at the same time. My im-
pression is they were just at the same moment.
It was while I-was passing up the aisle, or at the
moment of my arrival. Of course it was all very .
quick work, and the occurrences were so rapid
that all that was said and done was almost in the
same moment of time.
Question, (by Mr. Cobb.) Did any one take
hold of Mr. Brooks?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Who was it?
Answer. Mr. Murray.
Question. No one else?
Answer. I cannot say that they did. Mr. Mur-
ray and myself arrived there at the same instant
of time. I was nearest Mr. Sumner, and he was
nearest Mr. Brooks. We started from the same
point, but went different routes; he caught the
arm of Brooks,.and I the falling body of Sumner.
Mr. Murray, myself, and other gentlemen,
assisted Mr. Sumner to the ante-room, aftet sev-
eral minutes during which he lay upon the fl-oor
of the Senate unconscious. His wounds were
there dressed by a surgeon, and we again assisted
him into a carriage, when he was taken to his
lodgings. His head bled profusely, and my coat
and shirt sleeves were saturated with blood, while
holding his head from the floor.
Hon. Henry Wilson, sworn:
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) What do you
know of the facts connected with the assault
alleged to have been made upon Mr. Sumner in
the Senate Chamber, by the Hon. Mr. Brooks,
of South Carolina,on Thursday, May 22,1856?
Answer. I was not present. I had left the
Senate Chamber before the occurrence took place.
I learned, as I was passing down the street, that
an assault had been made upon Mr. Sumner, and
I went back. When I arrived he was having his
head dressed in the ante-room. I assisted, and
went with him to his room. I did not see any-
thing of the assault.
Question. Do you know anything of any threats
made prior to the assault by any of the parties
implicated ?
Answer. 1 know of none of my own knowledge.
Mr. Bingham, of the House of Representatives,
said to me just about the time the Senate ad-
journed: "You had better go down with Mr. Sum-
ner; I think there will be an assault upon him."
Said I, " Do you think so ?" He said: " 1 have
heard remarks made, from which I think an
assault will be made.'' I afterwards said to Mr.
"Sumner that I would like to talk with him, anil
I spoke to Mr. Burlingame and to Mr. Colfax
to walk down with us. While I was standing
talking to Mr. Burlingame, Mr. Sumner went to
Mr. Sutton's desk, and then wentoutof theside-
door. I waited, supposing he would come back
and go down with us. But he did not come,
and we left the Capitol, but waited some time
near the porter's lodge until we heard he ha<l
gone home. That is all I know, and it is
merely hearsay. I gave myself little trouble
about it. I went up to his roanl afterwards, but
