1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. PENNINGTON then offered the following
resolution; which was read for information:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
be directed to purehaso for the use of the House twenty-five
thousand copies of" Bennett's Digest of the Pension, Boun-
ty Land and Patent Laws and Foiinsf Provided, That the
co&t of the same does not excced jjl 90 pei copy: Ptovidcd
jurfhrr, That The edition so purchased shall include the laws
relating to pensions, bounty lands, and patents, passed at
the last session of Congress.
Mr. JONES. I object; and I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly (at three o'clock and forty minutes)
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 11,1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain of the
House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was readandapproved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, in answer to a resolution of the Senate
of the 21st ultimo, requesting the President of
the United States to " communicatcto the Senate
any correspondence which may have taken place
between the Illinois Ceiitial Railroad Companv,
and o ny of the Departments of the Government;"
which, on motion by Mr. Jones, of Iowa, was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior in relation to Indian disturbances in
the Territories of Oregon and Washington, and
recommending an immediate appropriation of
$300,000 in view of them; which, on motion by
Mr. Weller, was referred to the Committee on
Militaiy Affaiis, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information respecting the site selected
for the building to be used for the preservation
of the ordnance, arms, &c., of the United States
in the city of Washington, under the act approved
March 3, 1855; which, on motion by Mr. Wel-
ler, was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, information respecting the number
and condition of the Government stations on the
coast of New Jersey, the measures already taken,
and those deemed yet necessary, to afford aid to
shipwrecked vessels; which, on motion by Mr.
Hamlin, was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, a statement showing the number
of messengers and employes, other than clerks,
now in that Department, and the compensation
allowed to each; .which, on motion by Mr.
Hunter, was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, information in relation to the fort at
the mouth of the Kennebec river, with an esti-
mate of the amount necessary to put the same in
a proper state of defense.
Mr, IIAMLIN. I move that this communica-
tion be ordered to lie on the table. I do so, be-
cause the Committee on Military Affairs have
already reported on this class of cases.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WELLER presented a petition of Thomas
Gardner, and other officers of the Army, praying
for an increase of the commutation price of the
Army ration; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WELLER. I present the memorial of
Colonel William Carey Jones, of California, ask-
ing that compensation may be made to him for
services rendered in the State of California. He
was appointed by a former Secretary of State,
at the request of the Secretary of the Interior, to
examine into the land-titles o'f that State. In his
instructions he was told that provision would
be made by future legislation for his compensa-
tion. He was engaged for a period of nine months
in the performance of this service, and made a
voluminous report to the Government, the prin-
ciples of which have all been sustained, not only
by the judgment of the land commissioners, but
also by the Supreme Court of the United States.
He has not applied heretofore for compensation,
nor has it been recommended by the Department,
in consequence of a change having taken place
soon afterwards in the head of the Department of
the Interior. I have no doubt, from a very slight
examination, that everyone will be satisfied that
some compensation should be made to him for
the valuable services which he rendered. I com-
mend the memorial to the kind consideration of
the Committee on Public Lands, to which com-
mittee I move that it be referred.
| The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 present, the petition of own-
i ers, consignees, and pilots of vessels detained
i during the present winter in the port of New
: Castle, representing that the harbor there is in a :
| very imperfect condition, and asking that an
appropriation may be made for the erection of
additional piers. I may state, in presenting this
petition, that the General Government, as early
ns 1804, took possession of this harbor from the
State of Delaware and erected piers there, but
those pWs, owing to the improper position of
some of them, have been injurious, while others
have been beneficial. The harbor has been left
from that time to this in a more imperfect state i
than when ceded to the United States. I think J
j the prayer of the petitioners may well be granted. !
; I move'its reference to the Committee on Com- I
1 merce.
It was so referred. ;
Mr. BAYARD. I present the petition of Mrs. ■
Mary Bennett, now residing in the city of Phil- 1
adelphia, widow of the late Captain Charles W.
Bennett, of the revenue seivicc of the United
States. He was employed m the revenue service,
in California, at the time of the wreck of the brig
Lawrence; and, though a very robust man at that
time, owing to his exertions, and to exposure
in the water for many (lays, m saving the cargo i
and materials of the ve*sel, he contracted an in- j
flammation of the lung?. He was ordered home, j
and came back in an unhealthy state. Subse- ;
quently, when the San Francisco was wrecked, ;
in January, 1654, he was ordered to sea to search I
for her. He was the lieutenant commanding j
during that time, and had but a single officer j
under him. From nn exposure of ten days and
nights off the coast, the inflammation became ■
chronic, settled on the lungs, and brought on an !
acute disease which terminated his life. The j
petitioner, his widow, prays that she may be |
allowed a pension. I will state, further, that this J
officer was the son of a revolutionary soldier. I
move the reference of the petition to the Commit- |
tee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I present the memorial of
James B. Allaire, of New York. The memorial-
ist states that in J828 he invented and patented
a steam chimney, which is now a part, of every ;
steam engine used on river or ocean navigation, i
He says that its economical value, and the great ]
efficiency which it gives to steam engines, have ;
not only introduced it into the river and ocean |
! steamers, but that for the latter it is probably in-
' dispensable. In 1S28, when he patented it, he
freely gave it to the public use. He is now poor,
and he thinks Congress ought to allow him some '
compensation for the dedication to public use of <
this great invention, which is absolutely neces- '
sary in the important service to which it relates. !
The suitable committee,it seems to me, to which !
this memorial should be referred is the Committee i
on Commerce; I therefore move that reference. j
The motion was agreed to. j
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS. j
On motion by Mr. WADE, it was j
Ordered, That Edward Wheeler have leave to withdraw ;
his petition and paper-. i
On motion by Mr. FESSENDEN, it was i
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of Edward Green,
on the files of the Senate, be icferred to the Committee on .
Claim1?. !
On motion by Mr. FESSENDEN, it was j
Orrfem?, That the petition of .Tohn Hmkley, on the files of !
the Senate, be referred to the Committee onlUvolutiouary j
Claims. j
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom the subject was referred, reported
a bill relating to the appointment of officers for
the collection of the customs, and to provide for
their compensation; which was read a first time>
and ordered to a second reading.
REFERENCE OF HOUSE BILLS.
The House bill (H. R. No. 69) making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Acaderhv
for the year ending the 30th June, 1857, was read
the first and second times by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The House bill (H. R. No. 70) making appro-
priations for the payment of in valid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending the
30th June, 1857, was read the first and second
times by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which were theieupon signed by the President
fro tempore:
A resolution providing for the final adjustment
of certain cases of appeals from decisions made
by the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department; and
An act to admit to register or enrollment the
schooner Zadock Pratt.
THE NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. By direction of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, I move that an
order be made by which they shall have power
to send for persons and papers in the prosecution
of their examinations and investigations in rela-
tion to the various memorials that have been sub-
mitted by naval officers, who complain of tho
proceedings of the naval board. The committee
piopose to proceed in the investigation as far as
they have time and ability. There is one case
now under examination. This'application is
made; not because the committee feci themselves
under the necessity of exercising such a power, in
order to enable them to report upon the subject,
but in order to do what may be considered justice
to the person to whom I allude, whose memorial
is before them; and it is rather upon his sugges-
tion (and we suppose that Such.suggestlonjs-Avill
be" made hereafter) that the committee1 apply for
tliis'power.' I hope there will be no objection in
the Senate to the usual order being made, that the
Committee on Naval Affairs have power to send
for persons and papers.
Mr. STUART. Will th« Senator from Ten-
nessee please state again what is his motion?
Mr. BELL. I moved that in the case of the
memorials which have been presented, complain-
ing of the proceedings of the naval board under
the act of the last Congress, power be given to
the Committee on Naval Affairs to send for per-
sons and papers, in order that they may do justice
in the investigation, as far as they have time to,
proceed with it. It is known that we have not'
the power to compel the attendance of any person,
on behalf of an officer whose conduct or character
is supposed to be implicated.
Mr. STUART. Is it a report from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, asking for this authority ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. 1 make the motion
in behalf of the committee.
The PRESIDENT. The Secretary will read
the order proposed by the Senator from Ten-
nessee.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Ordered. That the Committee on Naval Affairs have '
power to f-end fot person.- and papers, to enable them to
investigate matter* pending before that committee.
Mr. STUART. I do not like £o oppose any-
thing for which a committee of this body asks;
but it really seems to me that this is opening a
door that will never be closed. It is an applica-
tion from the Committee on Naval Affairs of the ^
Senate for power to send for persons arid papers, .
to enable them to go into an investigation of every :
ease that has been presented here, where ah officer
complains of tlie action of the late board.' It seems
to me that it will not lead to beneficial results. I
do not know what expense is expected to attend
it, but I apprehend that if gentlemen are sum-
moned before the committee, it will be necessary
