632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
10 pay them for it. While I am willing that every-
thing should be done in connection with this ques-
tion which will throw light on any point that the
Senate is called on to decide, I cannot shut my
eyes to the fact that certain things are occurring
here every day, the tendency of which—I will
not say the object of which, because I impugn no
* gentleman's motives—is simply to create more
f feeling and more solicitude in the community,
f and particularly on the part of the individuals af-
! fected by the action of the board, and their friends,
j ilian already exist; and, so far as I can discover,
* without any practical result.
The Committee on Naval Affairs, some time
since, reported a bill, which I have supposed was
what th^^ifimittee" proposed to do in'reference
ttfthflj-cfcfegtion. ' I was nofaware that they pro-
poSeeMoTlo anything else, nor have I supposed
that1rwas4tt--t&eii'--power to do anything else.
Their power is to propose legislation. That bill,
I repeat, I have understood to comprehend the
scope of all the legislation which that committee
recommends to the Senate on this subject. For
that purpose, such an inquiry as this is not im-
portant at all, because the bill already reported
^ by the committee proposes to transfer any reme-
* dies, so far as they are to bo made, to the execu-
- tive department, where they properly belong. If
*there were to be a trial here, if an investigation
were to be made here by which the Senate should
be called upon to determine the propriety or im-
propriety of the action of the President in any
one of these cases, for the purpose" of reviewing
v his action, thaf .might present ad iffcrent quest ion;
\ b\it X confess 1 should be very slow to "adopt the
vpolicy in such a case as that.
The petitions and memorials in these eases
have been^ very^jjumerous. They tire not yet
'ended; thcjT"arc" coining m every day. If the
CoYnmitfcc on Naval Affairs is' to investigate all
^ th^ allegations which they contain, and to send
\ for persons and papers for that purpose, I say
\ again, it seems to me to be opening a door that
<you will never find an oppoitunity to close. The
only practical result which I ran discover will be
to incur an enormous expense; to throw on the
committee a vast amount of labor; to add greatly
to the excitement and Ui-feeling which exists
among these officers, and between them and the
board and the Department, without producing
any practical good.
"While, as 1 have said, it, is with great reluct-
ancc that I object to anv proposition coming from
a committee of tins body, yet, unless the honor-
able Senator from Tennessee can furnish some
reasons which I have not been able to contem-
plate, I shall feel myself compelled to vote against
this proposition.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Mr. President, the
honorable Senator from Michigan, and every
other Senator, is at, liberty, and he is not. only at
liberty but it is his duty, to say here, by his vote
upon this proposition, whether he will counte-
nance such investigations before the Committee
011 Naval Affairs. Several resolutions have been
offered to the Senate—I do not remember th.it
more than one of them has been adopted—calling
for specific information, so far as it can be ob-
tained, from the naval board, as to the grounds
upon which they proceeded m eveiy individual
case. Another proposition has been offered by
an honorable Senator, [Mr. huRsox,] which, I
believe, is yet pending for consideration, piopo-
sing the appointment of a spccial committee to
carry on these investigations.
The Committee on Naval Affairs have seen
from the first the great responsibility and labor
of undertaking these, investigations. The laboi
would be a matter of small consideration if they
were physically able to perform it. From the
beginning, it lias been suggested that members
of the board ought to be called before the com-
mittee, individually, aiul compelled to state on
oath the grounds on which they have disrated
or dropped the officers who have been placed
either on the retired list or on 1 he dropped list.
Much censure has, af least impliedly, been cast
on those who are responsible for a failure to do
this. Why, sir, if the proposition of the honor-
able Senator from Georgia, to winch 1 have al-
luded, were adopted, I do not know but that the
members of the board might t"el themselves bound
from a sense of self-respect to ask to be discharged
from any further service on the naval committee.
The Committee on Naval Affairs have with
great reluctance come to the conclusion to enter
into a special investigation of the case of any of
the memorialists. They can now do it only so
far as they have power to do it. It may be ne-
cessary for them to get authority from the Senate
to sit during the sessions of the Senate, though
for myself I should regret to be under the neces-
sity of asking such a privilege, because the meas-
ures before Congress arc of such a nature that
every Senator who feels disposed to do his full
mity to the country would wish to hear every
.word that is said and to be present when every
'vote is given. The majority of the Committee
oil Naval Affairs, however, have come to the
'conclusion that it is proper to prosecute this in-
vestigation to such an extent as will be in their
power by the adoption of this order by the
Senate.
' If this power should be granted, and if attend-
ance in the Senate of the members of the com-
mittee should bo dispensed with, they would be
willing to go even to the extent of exhausting
their own physical powers to make such reports
on the memorials submitted to them as would
show reasonable ground to the public for the
action of the board in some cases, and would
show in others that the board was mistaken in
the grounds which they acted in retiring or drop-
ping officers. We should probably be able to
Vshow that officeis wen- placed on the furlough
-list when they ought fairly to have been placed on
| the leave-pay list; and that some who were drop-
: ped ought to have been retained. But whether it
1 tfill be m the power of the committee to do com-
plete justice m all cases, we cannot undeitake to
say. It is possible that they may not be able to
do it; but it will be in their power, after proper
investigation, to place before the Senate and the
country the grounds on which the board proceeded
in every individual ease of complaint. To insuie
this>, howevei, adequate power should be gi\cn to
them.
"We ask this power merely for the purpose of
enabling the committer to place the facts before
the Senate, on the case of each memorialist; but
justice, wherever an individual citizen or officer
is concerned, is a matter of public as well as of
individual consideration. U is a matter which
concerns the chaiactor of the naval board, the
character of Congress, the charac.terof the highest
public functiouaiies of tin- Government. Om ob-
ject is not so much to enable the committee to
extend their investigations so far as to be able to
show the ground onwhieh the board acted m the
several eases m regard to which we have received
memorials or protestations from the officers who
have been affected by the proceedings of the board,
because it is presumed we could probably ascer-
tain that from the officers of the board, from doc-
uments on file m the Navy Department, and from
wi'nesses resident m the city of Washington; but,
sir, there are ea^es where officers, who have been
affected by the action of the board, complain that
they have been removed or disrated on charges
affecting their character, and they think it im-
portant to summon witnesses to disprove the im-
putations which have been cast upon them. It
is on account, of such cases, that it is more im-
I portant that the committee should have the power
of sending for persons and papers. Jtmny benc-
; ccssary for the purpose of doing justice to rhem;
j j or, if they r.-innot accomplish all that they desire,
!i by having witnesses summoned to testify beiore
j' the committee on their behalf, to disprove thealle-
t' gations assumed bv the naval board, at all events,
|| by such a proceeding, the officers will have the
!I gratiiication of having been afforded an oppox*-
ji t unity of overthrow mg the minutations which they
' suppose have been cast upon their character.
! The Senator from Michigan has spoken of the
I expense of this proceeding. Why, sir, surely
| m examinations and proceedings of this nature
.i something must always be lett io the discretion
of the committer, and they ought io be allowed
|! to judge as to rhe expenditure to which they
i' would' feel authorized to go in any particular
'i case. If they should lindtlus course ot examma-
|j tion impracticable in fact, upon a fair experiment
jj being made, they should ask the Senate lor 111-
|j structions as to what they should do with the re-
ij mammg memorials. All these considerations tlie
l! Senate may fairly take into view. I am but an
'' humble member of the committee. I am net
familiar or intimate with naval affairs generally,
nor with the regulations and modes of proceeding
of naval courts of inquiry and naval courts-mar-
tial, nor particularly with the grounds on which
this board may have thought proper to proceed;
but as a member of the committee, and as a Sen-
ator, I should be opposed to proceeding to any
extravagant lengths with regard either to ex-
penditures or any other matter; and I should be
opposed to creating greater excitement than could
possibly bo avoided.
The honorable Senator from Michigan has re-
ferred to the report which has already been made
by the Naval Committee, and the bill which they
have submitted. I am free to say that that bill
was designed to open a way of doing justice to
all officers who have been improperly dealt with.
It proposes to place matters in such a position
that the Executive may summon as"iiia"ny hoards
of inquiry as shall be thought proper, vacancies
j arc provided by that bill, which can be filled by
the President by restoring to the active list offi-
cers who have been improperly dropped, or placed
on the furlough or leave-of-absence list. It also
provides that he may transfer officers from one
list to the other. That, however, is a measure
which is merely pending. Whether it shall be-
come a law or not, depends on the sentiment and
judgment of the Senate and House of Represent- "
atives. From the arguments used and positions
assumed by a great number of Senators, it is ex-
tremely doubtful whether that bill will become a
law; and if not, what will you do? Will you
resort to the ultima ratio in such a case—not the
sword, but a complete demolition of all that has
been done, with a view of giving some improved
condition of efficiency to the Navy—annulling,
annihilating the action of the board, and restoring,
all the dropped, furloughed, and retired officers
to their original position and rank? You have
nominations yet undecided of some two hundred
officers for promotion. What will you do as to'
them ? "'This question stands as a barrier to any
further action on the subject. What are you to
do with the dropped officers ? If you shall repeal
the late law, will they be restored to their ori-
ginal positions ? By the constitutional power of
removal they have been already displaced.
The bill which has been reported provides a
means of inquiry by which, trusting to the justice
of the President, the officers who have been
dropped from the Navy, and who by the law of
the last session continue dropped, may be restored.
We propose to put it in the power of the Presi-
dent, (providing vacancies for that purpose) to re-
store them to their original position. Any inquiry 1 i
which the naval committee can now pursue will
only have a tendency to relieve from imputations
cast on them the character of the naval board, and
the character of those officers who complain that
they have been unjustly and improperly treated, t
No doubt there aie many officers who have been
improperly dismissed—not intentionally, but m
consequence of the infirmity of human nature ' %
and the uncertainty of human testimony. The
majority of the committee propose, as far as we
can, to pursue the investigation into that point;
and, I repeat, this power is asked for the sake of
doing justice, which we might not otherwise be
able to do, to the persons who have been im-
plicated by the decisions of the board, and whose
memorials arc presented to us for the redress of
that great grievance. It is in their behalf that I
am instructed by the committee to ask the Senate
to give them power to send for persons and f
papers.
it is not for me to urge this matter any further.
I have stated as clearly as I could the grounds, as
1 understand them, on which the committee have
asked for this power. They are necessarily
under the obligation of observing discretion,
prudence, and sound judgment, as far as they
possess them, in exercising the power which is
sought. The great object is to leave to no one
any just ground to complain that you have not
afforded the means of a fair and full investiga-
tion. The committee cannot justly feel aggrieved
if the Senate shall refuse to grant this authority, j
It is for the Senate to decide. Of course it is ;
necessary that this proposition should be made ;
openly and be discussed. If honorable Senators •
think, after discussion, that it should be voted
down, we shall, until restricted by an order of
the Senate, pursue our investigations as well as 4
