2332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 18,
Army, and they have attached to that bill a di-
rection as to the manner in which the money
shall not be expended. Under these circumstances,
the Senate refusing to agree, I have dissented,
and dissented on the ground, that a revolution hefe
already been effected m Kansas by the President
of the Untied States, and that this extraordinary
remedy is the only one left to the House of Rep-
resentatives to counteract that revolution, and it
is within the Constitution. Here I stand—I was
right in the former case, I am equally right in
this case. The cases are different, and I am con-
sistent.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me
to suggest to him that he can kill the bill by
speaking? If that is his wish let us know it, and
he can go on to twelve o'clock, and 1 shall inter-
rupt him no more.
Mr. SEWARD. Honorable Senators need
not trouble themselves about my killing this bill.
I have no desire to kill it; but I have no desire to
save it in the shape in which it wilt satisfy them.
They act on their responsibilities, as & do upon
mine. For aught that 1 have to say, they snail
have ample time yet to try the virtue of the House
of Representatives. I do not mean that my own
shall fail. I have no more to say to the Senator
from South Carolina. I have no more to say in
explanation of my own consistency. What I
hav+t-o say now is simply this: that, practically,
the proposition of the House of Representatives
is to repudiate the so-called territorial laws and
Legislature of Kansas. Honorable gentlemen
have got up what is an immaterial, and indirect,
and a collateral issue, upon a proposition connected
with it, in regard to executing laws upon the na-
tional rivers and highways. This I think will
fail them. It does not at all divert mo fiom the
main issue. Who is it that Senators are desiring
to protect in this careful way, by preventing the
President from exercising martial law on the na-
tional highways? Those who stop passengers,
emigrants, citizens of the United Suites, passing
from the States in peace, to {orate themselves in
the Territory of Kansas, and establish a free
State there.
Not one word of complaint has ever come to
the Congress of the United States against obstruc-
tions of flee transit on the national highways,
cxcept to these interruptions of the passages lead-
ing to Kansas, and these obstructions amount to
piracy and murder. How is this piracy and
murder to 1)C prevented by the President of the
United States ? The prousiou is, that ho shall
take care that the laws shall be onibiced against
all unlawful violations of the rights of pei.sons
and property upon the national highways. The
President is not to employ tin; Army to prevent
lawful obstructions, but unlawful obsti uetions
upon the national highways. What the law
allows men to do the Army must permit the m.
Then what the President i* lemured to do is, to
prevent, with armed force if necessary, unluitjul
violations of the rights of persons on the na-
tional highways, and of course he is to do that
in a lawful way and manner.
Mr. President., it is apprehended that great and
serious disasteis will overtake the country m con-
sequence of the defeat of this Army appiopriation
bill. Why, sir, the Army will go oa just as a
did before. Every man will have his rations, anil
every man will have his pay, and the Armv will
perform all its functions and all its duties. VVhat
has the Army to do now? There is war,
foreign or domestic. There is nowhere any use
or employment for this Aimy, m a legitimate
sense, except m the Territory of Kansas, and on
the national highways leading to it. Everywhere
else peace and harmony prevail in the entite ,
country. But if there be any danger of such dis- J
asters, the President is here, his Secretaries cue |
here, and the Congress of the United States yet I
remains. In a hundred days from tins time Con- J
gress will be here again. This Army has had !
no supplies granted by Congress since the 1st I
day of July, and still it goes on. There is no 1
part of the executive Government that has had '
any supplies by law from the national Treasury !
since the 1st of July, and still the Government 1
stands, and the country is prosperous and happy. !
Who will tell mu that the statu of tilings winch I
has existed without any man in the count! y even :
being aware of it from the 1st of July until the i;
18th of August, cannot exist, nnd be continued, !
and will not be, until the first Monday of Decem-
ber? If that is not soon enough, the honorable
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] has
answered his own argument by saying, that the
Presxdcnt can to-morrow reconvene Congress,
and they can take the necessary measures to cir-
cumvent these disasters, and prevent revolution.
Let the House of Representatives adhere. I will
firmly adhere to that House.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I shall detain
the Senate but a short time 
Mr. TOOMBS. I will remark to the Senate
that it takes half an hour in the House of Repre-
sentatives to call the roll.
Mr. BAYARD. I have heard sentiments ex-
pressed here which I do not approve. 1 have
heard the honorable Senator from New York de-
tain the Senate on a personal explanation which
involves only his own personal standing in the
community. I have heard these personal dis-
putes. I should like to say something on the gen-
eral question; I have not spoken on the subject
at all, and I do not feel disposed to let these doc- '
trincs go abroad without a brief reply. It shall !
be very brief, and simply on the question of co- !
ercive legislation on the pait of the House. The ]
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] has boldly 1
presented that question; but 1 say no special j
pleading can avoid the result of the determination •
of the American people; and if there is wrong here j
the wrong is on the pait of the Ilouse of Ilepre-
sentatives, and not on the part, of the Senate.
Now, what is the position of the facts? I go
not into the details of this provision at all. The
Senate and the House of Representatives have
from the commencement of the session differed
as to the causes of the disturbances winch have
existed m Kansas. They have proposed different
remedies. The House has sent us one hill, and
we have sent them another bill, which we call a
peae.e bill—a pacification bill 
Mr. HUNT Ell. The Senator from Delaware
will allow mo to make an appeal to him. If we
are to send the "bill to the House, wc ought to do
it at once.
Mr. BAYARD. It is very hard; but I will
give way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. WILSON. 1 have no wish to take up
time 
Mr. TOOMBS. The motion is to insist and
ask for another conference.
1 he question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays p}; as follows:
V !■] Adams Allen, Bavaid, Bell of Tennes-
see, l!eii);tinni, Bitiler, Uri^lit, Biodlirad, Brown
r.iillej. Ca-^, (,'I.U , I'i.uioti, CntteiNleii, !>o<l^e, Douslus,
Mum*, ru/.jutrick, <;<\ei, HotiMuiu Hunter, Hereon,
Jame-, Jones o! loua, Jom--, ol Tetmewr. .MaNoij , Ma-
son, I'e.uee, I'rau, hi'jh, Kent, Selj.Mun. Slub'li. Stuait,
Tiimiwm oi" New Jcisev, Toombs, Welter, U'li'-rlit, ami
V t! ie«'— .><). ' " '
N AYS ~ Mentis. Bell of New Hampshire, (-oll.uner,
Dinkee, I'Vlu Font, Po-ier, Hale, fJailan, Sewani. Tiujn-
bitll, Wade, ainl U iNon—U.
So the motion was agreed to.
Messrs. Cass, Crittenden, and Benjamin,
were appointed the committee of conference on
' the pait of the Senate.
j PUBLICATION OF DEBATES.
i Mr. CASS. I hope the resolu ion submitted ,
|j by the honorable Senator fiom Mississippi, [Mr. j
jl Drown,1 in regard to the payment of newspapers !
;j for publishing the debates of the Senate, will be 1
i" taken up and passed. j
;| Mr. MASON. I hope it will not be falcon up. |
jj It certainly will lead to a great deal of debate, I i
;i shall feel it my duty to oppose u, and oppose it i
|! very str-muously, and at length. j
|j Air. 1UIOYVN, Will my hiend allow us to i
|j get up the resolution, and then he can move to
!i lay it on the table, and we can consider that as a
|j test vote.
ij Mr. MASON. That will not accomplish my
object. 1 wish to stale the reasons why I have
uniformly opposed it.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I will not now discuss
that question, but it is one which will occupy a
day in its discussion.
Mr BA1ARD. It will not be passed without
debate. I have something to say on it.
Mr. BIGGS. Is there not an order m regard
to the consideutticn of private bills to-day ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does not
exclude resolutions.
Mr. BIGGS. Does it not require unanimous
consent to consider this resolution ?
The PRESIDENT pro temoire* No, sir,
Mr. BiGGS. We have already%passed an
order to go on with the Calendar of House
bills.
Mr. GE\ ER. I call for the reading of the
resolution adopted on Saturday before we pro-
ceed. I think it excludes all business of that
kind.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does not
refer to resolutions. It will be read.
The Secretary read the resolution adopted on
Saturday, on the motion of Mr. Stuart, pre-
scribing what bills should be taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does not
refer to resolutions at all.
Mr. STUART. It does not affect anything
but bills.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
asked the mover of the resolution, at the time of
its adoption, whether lie intended to embrace res-
olutions, and he said not. The question is on
taking up for consideration the resolution of the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.]
Mr. MASON asked for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Secretary, in calling
the roil, will call the name of a Senator but once,
and let those not here at the first call vote after-
wards.
Air. TOOMBS. The Senator need not be im-
patient. lie is a long way from getting this
resolution passed. 1 hope the rule will not be
departed from. 1 give the Senator my word that
he is further from the end of this resolution than
he thinks.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays !&2; as follows:
YK\S —Messrs Holt of Npw Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
7iewe, Bnjrht, Biown, Butler, Clayton, Douglas,
Hale, H.nl.ui, Jame-,, Jones of l< va, Jones of Tennessee,
J'lait, Pugli, riuward, Thomson of New Jersev, YVellci, and
\Vn«tn—19.
N'AYS -MiVNrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigg*, Biod
head, (-lav, Duifcee. Evans, Jb'n/.parnek, Foot, (ievcr
ilou-ton, Ivervnj, Mallory, Mason, lleid, Slidell, Stuart,
Toombs, Tuunbull, Wade, and Yulee—'2-i.
So the Senate refused to proceed to the con-
sideration of the resolution.
WASHINGTON A. EARTLETT.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I beg leave to ask the
indulgence of the Senate for three minutes. I shall
not be long. The Committee on Naval Affairs
made a report upon the memorial of Washington
A. Bartlett, formerly an officer of the Navy. That
report has been misconstrued and misunderstood,
and represented through the country as a sentence
of condemnation on linn, or an expression of
opinion against him. 1 wish to ask the gentle-
man who reported it, whither that is the fair
meaning or was the intent of the committee ?
Air. BHLF.I, of Tennessee. That report was*
made by me under the direction of the commit-
tee, and it was not intended to express an opin-
ion pro or co/i. in relation to the guilt or inno-
cence of Mr. Lartlett. The committee designed
merely to report the evidence. If it is capable of
a diiferent interpretation, it is the result of care-
less composition or careless consideration of the
import of terms. It was not the intention of the
committee to express their opinion on the import
of the evidence, or draw any conclusion pro or
con. in regard to the conduct of Lieutenant Bart-
lett; the object of the committee being merely to
spread before the Senate and the country the evi-
dence.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President 
Mr. STUART, i object to any discussion on
that topic.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
under the inipi ession, that the discussion of the
question raided by the Senator from Kentucky is
not in order.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Tennes-
see appealed to the Senate os an act of courtesy
to allow him to proceed, and I made no objection.
I only want him to say, whether in fact the re-
port did express any opinion on the evidence,
and if 
Mr. STUART. I objeet to any further dis-
cussion.
