1358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 2.
did not find him at home. Mr. Sumner paid no
attention to what I said. I merely said I wanted
to walk down with him, that I wanted to talk
with him.
Question, (by Mr. Cobb.) When was this re-
mark made oy Mr. Bingham ?
Ansiver. After Mr. Sumner had closed his
-speech on the second day, in reply to Messrs.
Cass, Douglas, and Mason.
Question. You were saying you spoke to Mr.
Sumner, and said you wished to go down with
him that day. Did you intimate to him that
you had heard this report?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did you state to him afterwards why
you wished to go down with him that day?
Answer. i do not think I did. I said then I
wanted to talk with him; and I said to two or
three gentlemen that I wanted them to come with
lis; " for," said I, it is possible there may be
some demonstration against him."
Question. Did you at that time, or afterwards,
indicate to Mr. Sumner those words of appre-
hension of yours, prior to the assault ?
Answer. I am not certain whether I did or not.
It is possible i may have done so. I do not know
that I did.
Question. You had no conversation with Mr.
Sumner as to the importance he attached to these
words >
Ansicer. None at nil. I do not know that I
ever spoke to him in reference to those threats,
► or in reference to any threats being made towards
him.
Question. Uad you any other conversation
with him between the delivery of his speech and
the assault?
Answer. I would say it is possible that I had.
When I saw him that night, I told him I had
been hunting for him—that 1 did not know thai
he had gone down. 1 do not know that I inti-
mated to him my reason for wishing to go down
with him, but it is possible 1 may hove done so.
If 1 did, 1 have forgotten it. I had no suspicion
that any such occurrence was goinj; to happen.
.After the Senate adjourned, I sat at mv seat
closing a letter to my wife. As i rose to take my
cane, Mr. brooks was sitting near Geneial i lous-
fon's seat, IIjs eye happened to meet mine, and
we bowed to eaeli other. I went out, and U
never occurred to me that anything of the kind
was to occur.
tlon. John A. Bingham, sworn:
Quest/on, (by Mr. Campbell.) Whatdo you
know of the facts connected with the assault al-
leged to have been made on Mr. Sumner, in the
Senate Chamber, by the Hon. Mr. Brooks, of
South Caioltna, on Thursday, May 22, JWofi?
Answer. 1 kilnw nothing whatever.
Question. Do you knowunyllungof any threats
made by members of the J louse ot Representa-
tives, or others, in regaid to the speech which
Mr. Sumner had made in the Semite?
Answer. 1 do not
Question. Had you any reason to apprehend
that an assault would In; made on Mr. Sumner
after the delivery of that speech?
Answer. 1 can only say that I had no reason to
apprehend danger to Mr. Sumner,except what I
inferred from the language of Senators at the
time he closed his speech. What they said then
led me to believe that an attempt to assail linn
was intended, or was intended to be encoiuagcd.
Question. Were the threats of Senators,' of
which you speak, uttered in debate, or outside?
Answer. They were uttered m debate. I do
not recollect hearing anything of the kind except
what was uttered in debate, coupled with the
manner of Senators. These arc all the reasons
I had for apprehending an assault.
Question, (by Mr. Cobb.) Did you commu-
nicate to Mr. Wilson your apprehensions in ref-
ference to Mr. Sumner?
Answer. I did, before the Senate adjourned,
communicate with Mr. Wilson. I said to Mr.
Wilson that it was my opinion an assault was
intended upon Mr. Sumner, and that he had bet-
ter see to it that no assault was made.
Question. Did you communicate to Mr. Wil-
son that you had heard any threats uttered ex-
cept in public debate ?
Answer. No, sir; } did not intend to communi-
cate anythingexcept my own impression. What
i said was under a little excitement, and was
certainly not intended to be made public. I ap-
prehended that the language used by Mr. Douglas,
" Does he [Sumner] want somebody to kick him ?"
or something to that effect, was designed to pro-
duce or encourage an assault. That was my com-
munication to Mr. Wilson, that he ought to see
to it, and not permit the assault to be made. I
thought he [Mr. Wilson] ought to see that it was
not done; I was apprehensive that such an assault
might follow in consequence of this ebullition of
feeling on the part of Senators. That is all I
know about it.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) What other
expressions were used which led you to believe
an assault was intended besides the one you have
mentioned ?
Answer. There were several expressions be-
sides the one I have quoted, from which it seemed
to me that an assault was contemplated. I think
Mr. Douglas remarked, in substance, that some-
thing would happen to the Senator for his assault
on the Senator from South Carolina, following it
up with the statement, that he knew what would
happen—that as soon as the Senator from South
Carolina returned, he (Mr. Sumner) would go,
and whisper an apology m his ear.
Question, (by Mr. Ureexwood.) Arc you at-
tempting now to repeat what occurred in the de-
bates of the Senate 3
Answer. I am attemptingtorepeatthesubstance
of what I hoard in debate there in reply to Mr.
Sumner; and to state what I infeired and ox-
pressed at the time as a necessary consequence of
such language as that used upon quick and ex-
citable peisons. It is, perhaps, due to myself to
say, that I made that communication to Mr.
Wilson privately; it was not intended to be over-
heard by any one else, or to excite any disposition
m the mind of anybody to do violence. 1 be-
lieved myself at the time, as I have stated, that
there were persons there who would be foolish
enough, moved by such language as was employed
towards Mr. Sumner, to commit an assault upon
Mr. Sumner.
Isaac Holland, sworn:
Question, (by Air. (-ampbf.i.i..) What do you
know of the f.ietjs connected with the assault al-
leged to have been made on Mr. Sumner, in the
Senate Chamber, by the Hon. Mr. Biooks, of
South Carolina, on Thursday, May JirvH)?
Ansu'cr. i was in tins Senate at the time, but
did not see the assault at all, when it commenced.
Hut when J did see the parties, J sawMr. Brooks,
1 presume, striking blows—heavy blows upon
Mr. Sumner. I ran up and observed that, as an
officer of the Senate, i commanded peace. Mr.
Keitt interposed, and said something about not
interfering. Mr. Sumner was then down, and
Mr. Foster and myself went to help him up. I
thought he was very much hurt.
Question. IIow often did Mr. Brooks stiike?
Answer. 1 think some four or five times. I do
not know, i did not see the commencement.
When I heard blows I went up immediately, but
some one had taken away Mr. Brooks, and Mr.
Sumner was down.
Question. State what Mr. Keitt said?
Answer. I do not recollect distinctly what he
said. He was standing there with a stick m his
hand. Mr. Sutton told me that he used threats
towards me, but 1 did not hear them. T got up
as near as 1 could to the parties, but I could not
get near enough to aid in separating them. I
heard blows, and immediately ran up, as an offi-
cer of the Senate, to commanipea.ee. Mr. Sum-
ner was then down. He fell about the time that
I got near him.
Question. Were there any other persons who
showed any disposition to prevent you from pie-
servmg peace ?
Answer. No, sir; no person said a word. Air.
Keitt came to me afterwards and said that he had
understood it had been said that he had struck
me, and he came to tell me that he had not struck
me. i told htm that he had not.
Question. What did he say at the time you
went up to Mr. Sumner3
Answir. I understood him to make some re-
mark telling me not to interfere. I do not recol-
lect his saying anything pIsc, or using; his stick.
Question. What did Mr. Keitt say? That is
the point.
Answer. I do not think he said anything. I
was attending to Mr. Sumner, who was down.
Question. Did you hear him say anything to
anybody at the time ?
Ansicer. I did not.
Question. Now, let me commence over again.
Were you present in the Senate Chamber at the
time Mr. Brooks, of South Carolina, made an
assault on Senator Sumner? If you were, state
what you saw and heard.
Answer. I was in the Senate Chamber. I heard
a blow, and ran up as soon as I could get there.
I saw blows struck. I sawMr. Sumner fall, and
I helped to take him up. I did not see the first
assault upon him at all.
Question. Did any other person than Mr.
Brooks either participate in the assault, or show
any disposition, by words or otherwise, to pre-
vent persons from protecting Mr. Sumner?
Answer. I saw no one attempt to interfere.
There were several gentlemen near at the time;
but no one interfered that I recollect.
Question. Can you name the Senators and
members of the House who were in the Senate
Chamber at the time ?
Answer, i do not recollect any member of
the House who was there. Mr. Foster was
there, Mr. Pearce was there, and, I think, Mr.
Crittenden, and Mr. Fitzpatrick, and Mr.
Toombs.
Question. Did you see any member of the
House near Mr. Sumner at the time you reached
the point where he fell?
Anwer. I do not recollect that I did. Mr.
Brooks stood with his back towards mc at the
time.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) I understood
you to say, that Mr. Keitt came up and stopped
you from interfering?
Answer. No, sir; I did not say that. Mr.
Keitt was standing, and made some remark which
1 did not hear.
Question. What did you understand to be the
object of his remark, or the object of his inter-
position ?
Answer. I believe it was for the purpose of
preventing my interference.
Question. Did you not so understand him; and
did you uot desist in consequence ?
Answer. I did not desist, for I had not inter-
fered.
(luestion. Has Mr. Ivcitt stated since what his
objeet was ?
c.lnswer. He came to me to say that he had
understood that it was said that he had struck
me. I said he had done no such thing. I under-
stood him that his business was to prevent Mr.
Foster and me from interfering, or something to
that elTect.
Question, (by Mr. Cobb.) I want to utidei-
standjpou. Will you state what was the remark
Mr. Jveitt made, and not what you understood
was the effect of it ?
Answer. I did not hear what the remark was;
but he came to me afterwards and said, as well
as I recollect, that he had understood that I had
said he had struck me. I said he did no such
thing.
Question, (by Mr. Cobb.) Then that is all he
has said to you since ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Then all he has said to you since is
that he told you he heard you had said he struck
you, and you told him he did not strike you. Is
that all?
«?/i,steer. That is all.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) Then I am
to understand that he did not tell you that Mr.
Foster was trying to stop Mr. Brooks?
Answer. I understood him to say that.
Question, (by Mr. Cobb.) But you said just
now " that was all." What did he say to you
about Mr. Foster?
Answer. F) p said that he thought that Mr. Fos-
ter and myself were going up for the purpose of
interfering.
Question. Well, what else ?
Answer. I do not recollect.
Question. Then I am to understand that he sup-
posed at the time that you and Mr. Foster were
going up to interfere ?
Answer. Yes.
Question. Did he say anything more ?
Answer. He said something about so many lies
being told.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) Did he make
