1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
em
we can, with such facilities of getting evidence
pro and con. us we may have in our power with-
out the orcW which I have proposed.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to ask my friend
from Tennessee whether the object of this request
for power to send for persons and papers is in
order to enable the committee to ascertain
whether the statements contained in the various
memorials are true or not? Or is it to inquire
into the proceedings of the naval board? Or have
the committee both purposes in view?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not like to
limit or circumscribe the purpose of the commit-
tee by answering: the inquiry specifically, becausc
I do not know what the committee may mean as
to those points. One object is to ascertain the
grounds on which officers have been disrated from
the active list, and placed on the furlough list or
leave-pay list, and the grounds on which other
officers have been dropped. We desire to ascer-
tain, as far as we can, the foundation for the
board's action in each case which is presented to
us for our consideration. As I have already at-
tempted to explain, this is a comparatively easy
task, because we can have access to officers here:
• they can be summoned to come before the com-
mittee, and they would hardly fail to comply.
Thus, through that medium, we can ascertain the
grounds on vvhich the board have proceeded
where the officer feels that injustice has been
done him. Officers may suppose that, if they had
the power to produce witnesses before the com-
mittee, they could disprove the imputations cast
on them by official papers, which may be sub-
mitted to the committee from the Depaitment, or
by the action of the board on their character or
efficiency as officers. This power is asked for
the purpose of enabling the committee to do jus-
tice to the protestants rather than for the purpose
of ascertaining on what particular grounds the
naval board proceeded. I have stated the objects
as clearly as I can.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I shall be very
reluctant to vote against granting the Committee
on Naval Affairs, or any other committee, author-
ity to obtain such information as they may deem
important to the discharge of the duty before
them. I shall be very slow, also, notwithstand-
ing the strong predilections which ( have in favor
of a measure of reform in the Navy, such as that
which has been carried out, to adopt any policy
which may inflict immediate or remote injury
upon any citizen of the United States.
But, sir, not only has this discussion suggested
to my mind the inquiry presented by my col-
league, but additional ones. First, what is the
information to be obtained ? What is the purpose
of that information? And,above all, what appli-
cation is proposed to be made of that information ?
What practical use will the committee make when
they have acquired it? This is, to my mind, a
great difficulty in the way; of the proposition. I re-
member very well that, in the discussions which
have taken place on this subject, covering the w hole
ground, the main inquiry was, what can Congress
do ?—what remedy is it competent for Congress to
offer if wrong lias been inflicted ? The law of
the last session, as I understand it, is not a law
which produces final results; it is a suggestive
or advisory law,—the power of the President,
under the Constitution, being complete without
the law, except so far as relates to the reserved,
list and the full pay of those on that list
We have had an elaborate and a very interest-
ing report from the Committee on INaval Affairs,
.accompanied by abill. That bill proposes certain
remedies for those who it is alleged have suffered
wrong. Pending the passage of this bill, pending
its examination here, the Committee on Naval
Affairs now ask for power to send for persons
and papers to get further information on tins sub-
ject, and to acquire, I suppose, the entire details
relating to the career of these naval officers. Very
well, sir; that is all proper and right enough, if
we can be informed as to the application of that
intelligence when acquired. If the inquiry was
in reference to the character, efficiency, and gen-
eral qualifications of those who have been pro-
moted, and whose names are to be presented here
forconfirmation, I should very readily understand
the application to bo made; but in reference to
those who have been dropped, or furlonghed, or
retired on the reserved list, I inquire what use can
be made of the intelligence which the committee
may obtain ? Will it remedy a single injury ? In
what way? I have not been able to discover in
what way the committee will make application of
this information. Is the committee to become, to
some extent or in some manner, a naval retiring
board, to perform the functions of that defunct
body? Are they to revise this subject, and make
suggestions to the President; and is he, in the ex-
ercise of his constitutional duties,to nominate some
and withhold others ? Is that the remedy ? This
is the simple practical point. I desire very much
to vote for a grant of any degree of authority
which the committee may think necessary, but I
desire first to understand its practical application.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not know how
to answer the inquiry of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, for I am not certain what is ihc drift of
his remarks, except that he is rather indisposed
to grant this power; and he states, as a reason,
that he can see no practical result to come from
it. Does he not think it of importance to preserve
untarnished the character of any officer of the
Navy whom he may know to be worthy, and
who lias been diopped by the naval board? Has
he no desire to sec an investigation which will
exonerate such an officer from the dishonorable
imputations implied in being dropped from the
service? Would that be nothing? Is that ac-
complishing no object? It is accomplishing a
great object to an officer of high and proper feel-
ing, who has been placed in such position before
the country upon charges of which he has no
knowledge, and of which, whatever they may
be, he knows thathe is innocent, and could refute
them if an opportunity were ofieicd him to do so;
and whether he could or not succeed in satisfying
the committee or Congress that he was guiltless,
yet the public would have the power to do him
justice. That is one object that, I suppose, the
committee may think is of some consequence. Tt
will be a consolation to the friends of officers thus
exposed to imputations, which they believe to
be unjust, to have theireonduct investigated, and
reputation restored, though no other relief may
bo extended to them. v
I do not like to be placed in the position of
urging the grant of this power to the committee
on the Senate; but J must answer the question as
to what I suppose and believe Jo 'no the objects
of the committee. If there be any portion of the
members of the Senate who desire to sustain the
proceedings of the board, as far as they can be
rightfully sustained, to maintain the efficiency of
the Navy as far as it is possible to carry out the
objects which led to the passage of the law passed
for that purpose so unani mou&lyat the last session
of Congress—if there are any Senatois who have
this great pubhc interest—the naval establishment
of the country—at heart, they may perhaps per-
ceive that, by the course of investigation proposed
by the committee, something may lesult to show
that the action of the board can be sustained, ex-
cept in those cases in which examination shall
lead to the conclusion that they have made a mis-
take—that they have done injustice, which can
and ought to be remedied by the President, who
has the appointing power in his hands, and can-
do full justice by restoring the injured officers,
which neither the committee nor Congress can do.
Will this be no practical result of the proposed
investigations ?
Again: a number of distinguished members of
the Senate have intimated an opinion, that they
can sec 110 other remedy for the mjusace which
may have been done to gallant, distinguished, and
noble hearts, who have devoted so large a portion
of their lives, not only to the service, but, 111 many
instances, to the glory of their country—that they
can see no other means of redressing the wrongs
which may have been done to the chnrncters of
gallant officers, of restoring them to the con-
fidence and respect of the coun'ry, but by the
utter abolition of all that has been clone under the
late law. I should suppose the honorable Sen-
ators who entertain these sentiments would see
at once that something might result from this
| investigation which would strengthen them in
j the conclusions to which they have come upon
| this point. Those who think there is no other
I remedy than the repeal of the late law may he
| reheve'd from the necessity of* such an extreme
' course by the results of this investigation. It
! may turn out that no injustice hes been done by
: the naval board, which cannot be redressed by
the cooperation of Congress aad the Executive,
without undoing all the good which has been ac-
complished under the late act of Congress.
Again: it may result that those Senators who,
perhaps, are not as sensitive as they ought to be
to the rights of American citizens—who are not
as regardful of the sensibilities which naturally
belong to the officers of the Navy as a class, as
others suppose they should be, and who ar.e
thought to be over anxious to sustain the pro-
ceedings of the naval board, may be convinced
by further examination that it is vain to attempt
to sustain its proceedings without inflicting so
great an amount of injury on individual officers
who have been disrated, or dropped from the
service, as to outrage public opinion. It may
appear by this investigation that the board have
dropped, and thereby cast imputation 011 the
honor of so many meritorious and worthy officers
of the Navy without any adequate cause; and
have disrated so many others—placing some 011
the leave list, and others on the furlough list—
without any just reason for such discriminations,
and have upon the whole done such gross injus-
tice to many officers, that for any object or pur-
pose connected with the Navy, or the promotion
of the public interest, it would be better to abol-
ish the entire naval establishment, anrl to build it
up anew by new appointments and new arrange-
ments. Investigation may lead—I do not think it
will—but it may lead to such a result as that. It
may show that the board have proceeded with so
little care, with so little sense of justice to indi-
vidual character, as well as to the public interest,
and under so great a misconception of their pow-
ers, that their whole proceedings should be set
aside as not fit to be sustained by Congress and
the country.
These are some of the practical results that may
follow from pursuing this investigation. I have
only stated what the committee propose, as far
as they have the time and physical ability, and
not to neglect too much other great questions that
require their attention in the Senate. When I
have said these things, I beg to be understood
that I, as one member of the committee, feel 110
other anxiety on this subject than to do what is"
best, to do justice to the individual complainants
against the action of the board, to do justice to
the board itself, to do justice to the public inter-
ests by sustaining them as far as they can be sus-
tained. If a- majority of the Senate think it is
altogether useless, and have made up their minds
to a course which ought to dispense with this in-
vestigation entirely, they will vote this proposi-
tion down.
Mr. IVERS03ST. The morning hour has ex-
pired, and there was a subject under consideration
in the Senate yesterday, oil which the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] has the floor.^ I
desire to submit some remarks on the proposition
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, in connection
with a similar one which I had the honor to pre-
sent some time since.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I think this is a
privileged question.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask the Senator from Ten-
nessee to let the resolution lie on the table for the
present.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator from
Georgia will allow me to make an explanation
which will not ronuire more than a minute or two.
Mr. I VERSOjNl I yield the floor to the Senator
from Pennsylvania, with the understanding that
this subject shall go over.
Mr. IllGLER. I desire simply to say that, so
far as regards the interest which the committee
very properly take in the character of those noble
men who have so well served their country, and
yet who manifestly feel that the action of the
naval board has cast reproach on their characters
as officers, I am with the committee most heartily.
But, sir, the remarks which I made this morning
were intended to apply distinctly to the question
of legal remedy, and'the application of thehi-
lbrmation which the committee should acquire.
If that be not the purpose, the object of the com-
mittee is a very different one; and I suggest
whether it is not at the same time, to some ex-
en tt, an unusual one. The committee arc to be a
medium of acquiring and disseminating almost
boundless information and facts in reference to
the character, and qualities, and efficiency of those
who have been dropped or furlonghed by the
