624
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2G,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Government Buildings—Mr. Ball.
Ho. op Reps.
the front wall of the Capitol is not good enough
for the back wall of the Post Office.
There will be about twenty-nine thousand sur-
face feet in this wall. Gentlemen can calculate for
themselves, from the data here furnished, what
-will be the probable amount of money wasted in
this operation.
With this brief notice, I will leave the Post
Office and return to the Capitol.
It will be remembered by those of us who were
here during the last Congress, that a proposition
was made for the removal of the old dome, and
the construction of a new one upon this Capitol.
We were told that, if we would appropriate
$100,000, the old one could be taken down and
the new one put up, before our return here in
December last. Many members hesitated to vote
so large a sum for that object; but the money was
finally appropriated.
Well, sir, we went home and returned,but we
saw no new dome. We found the old one partly
taken down, but not a single foot of the new one
erected. But I will tell gentlemen what we do
find. We find a report from the superintendent,
stating that, when the appropriation was made
last year, no estimates had been made; and that
the calculations now were not sufficiently com-
plete to enable him to ascertain precisely what the
cost would be; but that the approximate estimate
for this dome would be $945,000. I have con-
versed with the superintendent and the architect,
to know whether even that sum would be suffi-
cient to complete the job. Mr. Walter, the arch-
itect, states that the dome can be constructed for
the sum of $945,000, provided the remainder of
the iron can be purchased at the same price per
pound at which the iron columns have been ob-
tained—namely, three cents and four tenths; but
Captain Meigs gave it as his opinion that a higher
price would have to be paid; which, 1 suppose,
is a fact.
My own opinion is, that unless we can have
the manner of conducting these Buildings changed,
the military superintendence and the day 's-work
system abolished—the law of Congress rigidly
adhered to—we had better stop the appropriations,
have the buildings all clap-boarded over, and
leave them until a change can be effected. For
one, unless I can obtain some information which
•will satisfy me that I am mistaken in my views
in regard to these matters, I will never vote an-
other dollar of appropriations to be expended in
the construction of civil architecture under mili-
tary superintendence.
Mr. GrOODE. I wish to make one inquiry of
the gentleman from Ohio. He has stated, in the
presence of this House, that we were told at the
lastsession, thatif we would appropriate $100,000
the dome would be taken down ana reconstructed
before we returned here again. I ask the gentle-
man by whom that statement was made ?
Mr. BALL. I did not pretend to say that such
Statement was made by Mr. Walter or by Cap-
tain Meigs. I stated that such an argument waa
used in this House, I think, by Mr. Stanton, of
Kentucky, and perhaps by others.
Mr. GOODE. I desire to say that I feel au-
thorized to state before this House, that no such
statement was ever made by the Superintendent
of Public Buildings.
Mr. BALL. I made m> such allegation.
Mr. KEITT. I was, during that Congress, a
member of the Committee on Public Buildings
and Public Grounds, as I am now, and I wish
to say to my friend, the chairman of that com-
mittee, that that question never did come up, as
far as I am apprised of the acts of that commit-
tee, before that committee. My impression is,
nowe ver, that some one, possibly the then chair-
man of that committee,did make such statement
tipon his individual responsibility,
Mr. CRAIGE. No, sir; the gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. KEITT], All I mean to say is, that it
wus not the action of the committee, nor the action
of Captain Meigs or Mr. Walter. My impres-
sion was, that Mr. Stanton, of Kentucky, the
then chairman of that committee, said it could be
put up for p150,000.
Mr. CRAIGE. The gentleman is mistaken in
that.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentlsman will take
the trouble to look at the debates in the Congres-
sional Globe, he will find that Mr. Stanton did
say that the dome could be put up for $100,000,
and would be done at the opening of the present
Congress. Mr. Stanton also brought here a
drawing from the architect, and exhibited it in
this Hall, spoke of the beauty of it, and urged
upon the House the construction of the new
dome upon the express ground that it would be
an addition to the beauty of the building, and
that it could be put up for that sum of money.
Mr. GOODE. I would ask the gentleman from
Ohio, if he knows that the Superintendent of the
Public Buildings ever has made an estimate of the
cost of the dome, and whether he has ever pledged
his professional character, in any way, as to the
amount it would cost ?
Mr. BALL. I was going on to make the state-
ment the gentleman wishes, and should have
made it before this time if the gentleman had not
interrupted me.
Mr. GOODE. I only wish the gentleman had
made the statement before he made his other
remarks.
M r. BALL. It will be remembered that I said
that argument had been presented here—I did not
state positively by whom. As has been stated by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,]
the design was brought into this Hall; for days it
sat on the mantel to the right of the Speaker's
chair. We were appealed to personally and fre-
quently—not by Captain Meigs or Mr. Walter,
as I am aware of; I did not at that time know
either of them, but by others. But I shall not
discuss this point further. I will content myself
with presenting from the Congressional Globe
the official record of what took place when that
proposition was offered:
" Mr. Stanton, of Kentucky. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
" For removing the present dome over the central por-
tion of the Capitol, and the construction of one upon the
plan designed by T. U. Walter, architect of the Capitol
extension, $100,000.
" Mr. Keitt. Is that to remove the dome on this build-
ing?
" Mr. Stanton. Yes, sir.
" Mr. Houston. I desire to know whether the amend-
ment comes from any committee of this House ? *
" Mr. Stanton. No, sir; I offer it upon my own respons-
ibility. It coraA recommended by no committee, but it
comes recommended by a necessity which every gentleman
who examines the subject must see. The present dome
does very well for the original building; but, as everybody
must see, requires to be changed to preserve the symmetry
of the building when the extensions are completed. It is
important that the appropriation should be made now; and
I understand the change can be made before the meeting
of the next Congress. The architect of the building has
designed a dome, the plan of which I have seen, and which
commends itself to my judgment; and which all who have
seen it say is most beautiful and perfect. It is well known
that the present dome is entirely too low to preserve the
symmetry of the building when the extensions are com-
pleted. It will give it a squatty appearance, if I may be
allowed the expression. Unless this is done the whole pur-
pose of the extension, so far as its beauty of construction
is concerned, will be defeated. Now, sir, I understand that
the plan proposed by the architect is a proper one, and that
it will not be attended with great Cost. That dome has
always been an eye-sore to architects and others who have
taste in such matters; and it seems to me. that now is the
appropriate time to authorize the reconstruction of it. It
can be, perhaps, completed before we get back here during
the next fall."
So much for the dome.
In calling the attention of the House and the
country to these things, a duty has been per-
formed which, to me, is far from being a pleasant
one. It now remains for this body to decide
whether these things are to continue; whether the
only business which Congress has to perform is
to come here from year to year and vote appro-
priations, to be expended just as the Executive,
and those actingunder his authority, may choose,
, regardless of limitations or restrictions.
j "The present Administration came into power
under the most solemn pledges to keep down
agitation and preserve the public tranquillity, to
reform abuses, and to retrench the public ex-
penditures.
In March, 1852, Mr. Buchanan, late Minister
to England, and now a candidate for the Presi- J
dency, in a letter written to some of his party
friends in Baltimore; in response to an invitation
to partake of a festival, used the following re-
markable language:
" Wc must Inscribe upon our banners a sound regard for
the reserved rights of the States, a strict construction of
the Constitution, a denial to Congress of all powers not
clearly granted by that instrument, and a rigid economy in
■public expenditures.
" These expenditures have now reached the enormous sum of
$50,000,000 per annum, and, unless arrested in their advance
by the strong arm of the Democracy of the country, may, in
the course of a few years, reach $100,000,000. The appro-
priation of money to accomplish great national objects
sanctioned by the Constitution ought to be on a scale corn-
niensurate with our power and resources as a nation ; but
its expenditure ou*ht to be conducted under the guidance of
en enlightened economy and strict responsibility. I am con-
vinced, that our expenses might be considerably reduced below
the present standard, not only without detriment, but with
positive advantage both to the Government and the people.
"An excessive and lavish expenditure of public money,
though in itself highly pernicious, is as nothing when com-
pared with the disastrous influence it may exert on the
character of our free institutions. A strong tendency
towards extravagance is the great political evil of the present
day; and this ought to be firmly resisted
The letter of Mr. Buchanan had its influence.
It was soon followed by attacks in the Senate,
and elsewhere, from Mr. Gwin, of California,
and others, upon what was termed ''theenor-
mousexpenditures of the Whig Administration."
The Union, Richmond Enquirer, and other lead-
ing organs of the Democratic party, took up the
cry, and all the hounds of the party were at once
started in hot pursuit. Their nowlings and yelp-
ings about Whig extravagance soon filled the
whole land. It was in vain for any one to at-
tempt to explain or excuse it. You might tell
them as often as you pleased that these expendi-
i tures had been rendered necessary to pay off the
' Mexican war debt; to pay the $15,000,000 in-
demnity, for having " conquered a peace," which
^ we had agreed by treaty to pay; to pay the ex-
; pense of sending troops and munitions of war
I to, and maintaining them in, our newly-acquired
j and our other far-off territories for the protection
' of the inhabitants against Indian depredations,
and to defray the expense of the organization and
j maintenance of civil governments in the Territo-
ries. They were deaf as adders to all these ex-
planations; they obstinately " refused to be com-
forted." They could not think of tolerating a
fifty million expenditure.
Well, sir, the people wanted tranquillity and
economy. They thought all these professions
sincere, and they determined to put out the Whigs
and put in these Democrats who promised them
so much. All that could be said about the long
and faithful service of General Scott, the perils
he had encountered, the battles he had fought,
the victories he had won, the wounds he had re-
ceived, and the blood he had shed in his country's
cause, were of no avail; the people were determ-
ined to have tranquillity and economy, and they
had been deluded into the belief that it was most •
certainly to be found among the .Democracy, and
the Democracy were placed in power. What is
the result? How have these promises been veri-
fied? Why, almost the first thing the President
did, after coming into power, was to unchain and
turn loose a demon of discord, which has been
flying hither and thither, stirring up agitation all
over the country, until this day we have such a
strife amongst the people of our Heaven-favored
land, the like of which has never before been
witnessed. So much for thfe promised tranquillity!
How is itabout the economy and retrenchment?
In what department is it to be found ? Instead of
pur expenditures having been " reduced consid-
erably below fifty millions," as Mr. Buchanan
said he was convinced it could be done " under
the guidance of an enlightened econoipy," the
expenditures have been everywhere largely in-
creased, until they now amount, not to fifty, but
to nearly eighty millions a year; and that, too,
without any part of it being applied to the im-
provement of our great inland commercial high-
ways.
The people have been deceived—betrayed; but,
thanks to our admirable system of government,
the time soon rolls round when they can have an
opportunity to rid themselves of those who vio-
late their confidence. The political waters are
already beginning to move — the day of their
deliverance is near at hand. They only await the
"ides" of November, when they will visit a just
retribution upon those by whom they have been
wantonly betrayed.
Mr. BALL. I move the previous question,
unless some gentleman wishes to reply."
Mr. FLORENCE. I wish to say on# word
