6S4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
retiring board. It is a wider purpose. But I do
not intend, nor have I intended, to take a distinct
position against the grant. My desire was to
obtain more explicit views from the Senator from
Tennessee on behalf of the committee.
The PRESIDENT. The morning hour has
expired. The special order comcs up, which is
the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. PISH. I trust I shall be allowed to say
a word or two. The last remark of the Senator
from Pennsylvania might imply that the com-
mittee are going to investigate the cases of all
those officers who have been acted on by the
board; and I desire to say that the committee
have'no idea of considering any except those
wha may have presented petitions, and thus
brought themselves under the jurisdiction of the
committee.
The PRESIDENT. The Senate will now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Is not this a priv-
ileged question ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that it is not.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the Senator from
Tennessee what makes this a privileged question?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It is an applica-
tion of a committee for the privilege of sending
for persons and papers.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that it is not a privileged question.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I will ask the
Chair whether this question will come up first in
the morning hour to-morrow?
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir, it will be the
first business in order during the morning hour.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that they
li£*d passed a bill to define the jurisdiction of the
district and circuit courts of the United States,
for the district of East Tennessee.
THREE MILLION BILL.
; The PRESIDENT. The Senate will now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, being the bill (S. No. 194) to
increase the efficicncy of the United States Army.
The pending question is on the amendment offered
by the Senator from California, [Mr. Weller.]
Mr. HALE. Does that take precedence of the
subject which was made the special order of to-
day ?
The PRESIDENT. It does, being the unfin-
ished business of yesterday. On the question
before the Senate the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Br6wn] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
Mr. WELLER. I desire that the Secretary
shall read the amendment as 1 have modified it.
I have inserted a provision which authorizes
the President of the United States to transfer the
specific appropriations from one item to another,
if, in his judgment, the public interests shall de-
mand it. It is doubtful whether all the States
•will send in the old muskets for repairs, and I
propose to guard against that.
The Secretary read the am
fied, as follows: |
To be applied and expended m the following manner, to ;
wit: ;
For altering small-arms of the old patterns, including those
now m the possession of the seveial States and Territories, ;
$1 £50,000. i
Foi sea-coast and garrison guns, mounted, $600,000.
Foi nuinufactuung small-arms, of new models, ^2.10,000,
For manufacturing small-aim accoutcrments, &100,000.
For supplying ammunition lor small-arms, $150,000.
For supplying ammunition for sea-eoast, garrison, and
field guiu<, &4."0,000.
For increasing the capacity of the arsenate, $*200,000.
Provided, That the President shall have power, should
he deem it advantageous to the public service and necessary
for the proper execution of the woiks mentioned, to tians-
fer the amounts designated l'oi one or more of those objects
to another of those objects.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I wish to inquire ifit is in order
to ask for a division of the question on the amend-
ment?
The PRESIDENT. It is in order to move to
strike out or to insert.
Mr. HALE. I wish to have the vote on the
amendment without the proviso.
amendment as modi-
Thc PRESIDENT. It is not in order to call
for a division of the question. The Senator can
reach his object by moving to strike out, or by
moving to strike out and insert.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out the proviso.
I think the proviso destroys the specifications.
"While I am up, I wish to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Finance whether we have not
a general law by which appropriations rnny bo
transferred ? I do not remember what it is, but
probably the chairman of that committee knows.
Mr. HUNTER. It strikes me, but I cannot
speak with certainty, that these separate heads
would be transferable under the general law. I
think all appropriations for ordnance and arms
are transferable without this provision, but I am
not certain.
Mr. PI ALE. I have the same impression. The
rule is different in the Army and Navy. In one
Department they have power to transfer, and in
the other they have not.'That is my impression.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot answer with cer-
tainty without examining the law; but my im-
pression is that these appropriations are transfer-
able.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out the proviso,
and on that I ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi is entitled to the floor. '
Mr. BROWN addressed the Senate on the sub-
ject of our existing relations with Great Britain.
After speaking about an hour and a half he said:
I feel suddenly unwell, and am unable to proceed
further. 1 will not ask the indulgence of the
Senate to allow mc to conclude my remarks on
another day; but I wish simply to ask the priv-
ilege of submitting the remainder of my remarks
to the [tress without delivering them.
Mr. TOUCEY,Mr. COLLAMER, and others.
Oh, no; we will hear you on another day.
Mr. ADAMS. I move that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. WELLER. The only objection I can have
to that is, that I believe there is another special
order for to-morrow, and I do not wish to in-
terfere with assignments already made by the
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was a special as-
signment for to-day; but that was laid aside for
this bill.
Mr. WELLER. If this bill will be entitled to
preference to-morrow, as the unfinished business,
I shall have no objection to the course which is
suggested.
Mr. BROWN". I hope the Senate will not con-
sider that I ask for any indulgence. I am will-
ing that the Senate shall take what course they
please.
The PRESIDENT. If this bill be left as the
unfinished business of to-day, it will have prece-
dence to-morrow over any other business.
Mr. HUNTER. Before this question passes
from the Senate, I desire to correct a mistake into
which I fell this morning. In reply to a question
of the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. IIale,]
1 told him that I was under the impression that
these appropriations could be transferred under
existing laws, if there were no such provision as
that which is proposed to be ineoiporated in the
bill by the Senator from California. I find on ex-
amination that I was wrong in that opinion, and
that they cannot be transferred without sjoecial
authority for that purpose.
Mr. IiALE. 1 asked for the yeas and nays
on my amendment, and I desire to have that
question taken before the bill is postponed. I do
not ask to have the yeas and nays taken now; I
merely desire that they shall be ordered to be
taken.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from New
Hampshire has moved to strike out the proviso
in the amendment of the Senator from California;
and on that question he asks for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. WELLER. The only objection I have to
ordering the yeas and nays at the present time is,
thatl may feel disposed to modify the amendment;
and if the yeas and nays shall now be ordered, it
will be out of my power to do so hereafter.
Mr. HALE. Then I will not insist on the
call.
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned until to-morrow.
NAVAL BOARD.
Mr. HOUSTON. Many resolutions have been
presented in reference to the action of the late
naval board, and the difficulties attendant upon
the subject appear to increase. I give notice that
on Thursday next I shall call up the resolutions
which I yesterday presented, and which were
then read for information, as I believe that day
has not been fixed for any other business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MALLOR.Y, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the dooi a
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 11, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniei. Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated, that the first business
in order was the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee of Elections.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. PECK, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Secretaiyof the Interior bo requested
to report to this House what measures have been taken to
cxcctuc the provisions of the " act to giaduate and reduce
the price of the public lauds to actual settlers and cultiva-
tors," approved August 4,1854 ; and what fuitliei legisla-
tion, if any, is necessary to secure the objects, and to carry
out the pioviaions of said act.
ELISHA KENT KANE.
Mr. TYSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following preamble and resolution;
which were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas, the intrepid conduct and scientific zeal of Dr.
Elisha Kent Kane, in lnri lato expedition to tile Folarregions
in search of Sir John Franklin, aided by the officers and
men undei his command, have placed Ins name in the first
rank anion? Arctic cxploreis; and whereas the observa-
tions and discoveries he has made aie impoitant additions
to geographical and meteoiological science, and valuable in
the light which they shed upon the currents of the ocean,
upon the my^teuous changes in the magnetic needle, and
upon the physical laws of this globe ; and whereas the nar-
rative of these heioie labors and then magnificent results
should be widely ditfu&ed, as well to encourage the spirit
of scientific reseaich among om countrymen as to express
the piofound sense wo enteuam of the merits and seivices
of the explorer: Therefote,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be instructed
to inquire into the chaiacter of the book about to be issued
by Dr. Kane, as to letter-press, illustrations and binding,
and leport their opinion of the expediency of ordeimg a
ccitain number of copies thereof lor use and d^tribution.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
Mr. FLAGLER, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the resolution of the
House ordering the printing of twenty thousand
extra copies of the reports of the majority and
minority in the case of the Kansas contested
election., reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Rpioh'fd, That twentv thousand extra nopies of said
report*, a-< presented to the House ou the f>th instant, be
punted Joi the use of the membeis of the House.
Mr. F. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the resolution to print one thousand
extra copies of the report of the superintendent of
the Government Hospital for the Insane, for his
use, reported the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That five hundred extra copies of the said re-
port be printed, to be placed at the disposal of said superin-
tendent.
CLAIMS OF REVOLUTIONARY OFFICERS, ETC.
Mr. BROOM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following bill, of which previous notice
had been given; which was read a first and second
time, and referred' to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims:
A bill to provide for the settlement of the claims
of the officers of the revolutionary army, and of
the widows and orphan children of those who
died in the service.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WALKER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following bill, of which previous
notice had been given; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce:
