1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLGBE.
6§S>
A bill for continuing; the improvement of the
harbor of Mobile, Alabama, at Dog river bar,
Choctaw Pass, and at the Lower Fleet.
PRIVILEGE OF THE FLOOR.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms, and the Door-
keeper of this House, be directed to enforce sttictly the rule
of the Thirty-Second Congress, m regard to persons not
privileged to a place upon tiiis floor.
Mr. ORR. There is no necessity for that res-
olution. Let the Doorkeepers do their duty, and
there will be no necessity for it.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I object to the
resolution.
TERRITORIAL JURISDICTION OF COURTS.
Mr. SNEED, by unanimous consent of.the
House, introduced a bill to define the jurisdic-
tion of the circuit and district courts of the United
States for the eastern district of Tennessee; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. SNEED. I do not deem it necessary that
the bill should be referred to any committee. No
member can possibly object to it, as it simply is
to define by countics the jurisdiction of the cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States, so as
to avoid the necessity, winch exists under the
present law, to introduce proof that certain new
countics have been established in Tennessee, and
framed out of old comities which formerly be-
longed within certain State judicial districts, f
desire to have the bill acted upon and passed at
the earliest possible moment, so as to meet the
necessities of a court shortly to be held in Ten-
nessee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to know from
the gentleman from Tennessee whether the effect
of the bill is not merely to include some new
counties formed in the judicial district, which
were previously existing m old counties?
Mr. SNEED. That is the whole of it.
Mr. HOUSTON. The purpose is to include
by this bill some new countics m the judicial dis-
trict which have been recently formed, but which
existed in the district before.
Mr. SNEED. At an early day, Mr. Speaker,
judicial districts were formed in Tennessee by
certain names. The act of Congress vested juris-
diction over certain counties by name, in the Fed-
eral courts of Eastern Tennessee. At that period
there were comparatively few counties in Eastern
Tennessee; but new counties have since been
formed within the district; and subsequent acts
of Congress, vesting jurisdiction in the Federal
courts of Eastern Tennessee, have referred to
former acts designating the jurisdiction by State
judicial districts. *
It is ncccssary, therefore, under previous acts
of Congress, to prove jurisdiction in every case
of criminal prosecution. It is necpssnry to intro-
duce witnesses, for the purpose of establishing
the fact, that certain counties were embraced in
the old State judicial district; and, as many of
these counties were formed a long time since, it
is difficult now to find old men to prove that fact.
This bill, 1 would further say, has been intro-
duced on the recommendation of the district at-
torney of the United States for the eastern dis-
trict of Tennessee. It is only to define and make
certain by law that which is now indefinite.
The bill was ordered to lie engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read a third time and passed. \
IMPROVEMENT OF THE OHIO RIVER. -
Mr. DUNN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce now a bill, of which pre-
vious notice has been given; and I beg its in-
dulgence simply to remark, that I wish to have
it referred to a select committee of seven—one
from each of the six States which are designated
in the bill, and one from a State further south, on
the waters of the Mississippi, either Louisiana or
the State of Mississippi. I hope the bill will be
allowed to take that direction.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
first and second time by its title, as follows:
A bill enabling the States of Virginia, Penn-
sylvania, Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, and Illinois
to improve the navigation of the river Ohio; and
granting lands to said States in aid thereof, and
for other purposes.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I can see no good reason,
Mr. Speaker, why that bill should take a course
different from that ordinarily taken by bills for
the appropriation of public lands. A good many
bills have been presented here, granting public
lands for certain purposes, and all have gone to
the Committee on Public Lands. It does seem
to me, that this bill should go to some one of the
standing committees of the House. I can see no
reason why it should not take the same direction
as other bills relating to public lands. I hope the
gentleman from Indiana will conscnt to let it take
that direction.
Mr. DUNN. The great object of this bill is
to secure the permanent improvement of the river
Ohio by the means of encouraging and aiding the
States through which that river passes, by grant-
ing them a certain amount of land. Several of
these States have recently taken the matter into
consideration, and have passed some acts of their
respective Legislatures on the subject. It is, in
my judgment, important that we should have
this bill referred to a sclect committee composed
of members from these States; so that the com-
mittee thus brought together can represent what
are the feelings, and views, and sentiments of the
States interested in this matter. I hope it will
take that course, and for that object alone.
The question was taken, and the bill was re-
ferred to a select committee of seven.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY SURVEY,
Mr. HERBERT, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, and,
under the rule, referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the report of the
>Sectctaiy ot the Intenor, communicating tho report and
map of A. B. Oiay, late United Stales nurveyor of the
Mexican boundary, and printed bj Older of the Senate at
the lastscision, be printed, and the map enslaved, tor the
use of tho House ; and that the Clerk of the Iluube be, and
he is hereby, directed to cause to have attached to<>aid report
any memoir, furnished by A. B. Gray, ot the newly-acquired
terntory ttom Mexico, and that one hunched copies ot said
report be appropriated to the uao of A. IJ. Gray.
LANDS FOR SCHOOLS.
Mr. KENNETT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill granting to the inhabitants of
the town of Saint Genevieve, in the Slate of Mis-
souri, for the support of schools, cettain vacant
tracts and lots of land; which was road a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
COLTON'S ATLAS.
Mr. BENSON. I ask leave to introduce a
resolution, in order that it may be referred to the
Committee on Printing. It is as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Piintmar be authorized
to inquire into the expedient of proeuiuig one copy ol'
Coltoifs Atl.i^oftho World, m two volumes, for the use of
each of the s-taudintj committees of the Ilou-e, and  
copies for thence of the mcmbeis ol the llou^e.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 objoct to that.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles, and asking its concurrencc therein:
An act making appropriations for fortifications
and other works of defense, and for repairs of
barracks and quarters, for the year ending the
30th June, 1857;
An act relating to punishment in the Peniten-
tiary; and
A"n act for regulating the terms of the circuit
court of the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN COLUMBIA, S. C.
Mr. BOYCE, by unanimous conscnt, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered , and agreed to:
Rewired, That it be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads to mqune into the expediency
of oideung a public building 111 tho <-ify ot Columbia, South
Carolina, tor the use of the post office and tederal court at
that place.
IMPROVEMENT OF HARBORS.
Mr. WALBRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
introduced bills, of which previous notice had
been given; which were severally read a first
and second time by their titles, as follows, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce:
A bill making appropriations for completing
the harbor at St. Joseph, in the State of .MUr
souri; and
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at New Buffalo, in the State
of Michigan. *
Mr. RICE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice has been given.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object, and
call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the report of the Com- -
mittec of Elections in reference to the Kansas
contested election, upon which the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. WASHBURN. With the consent of the
gentleman from Georgia, I desire to state that on
Thursday next I shall endeavor to bring the
House to a vote upon this report.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, over the way, [Mr. Millson,] two or three
days ago introduced a privileged motion upon
which he desired to address the House. I am my-
self disposed to allow the gentleman to go on with
his remarks this morning; and for that purpose
I would suggest that the regular order of business
be postponed for one hour. I am willing to yield
the floor for that time to accommodate him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it com-
petent for the House to postpone the regular
order of business; but, if it be postponed, it must
be for the day.
Mr. STEPHENS. I suppose there will bo no
objection to the gentleman from Virginia occupy-
ing an hour.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
gentleman from Virginia will proceed with his
remarks.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
A Member. What does the gentleman wish
to speak on?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state. The
gentleman from Virginia on Friday last submit-
ted a motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House referred certain joint resolutions from tho
Legislature of Virginia relating to the action of
the naval board. It is upon that motion that the
Chair understands the gentleman from Virginia
desires to speak. If there be no objection he will
proceed wjth his remarks.
Mr. KELSEY. There is objection.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to say that I did
not ask, and would not have asked, the permis-
sion of the House to speak this morning. The
gentleman from Georgia expressed his willing-
ness to yield the floor for one hour; and T wish
the House to understand that the application was
at his instance, and not mine. I myself should
not again have asked the consent of the House.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 wish to raise a question of
order; not that I have any feeling myself upon
the matter. I do not care whether my colleague,
[Mr. Millson,] or the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] occupies the floor for the next
hour, but I desire that the practice of the House
may be established under the rule.
As I understand it, my colleague, on Friday
last, made a motion to reconsider, which is a priv-
ileged motion that any member of the House has
the right at any time to call up. That, I think,
has been the uniform practice of the House here-
tofore, under the rales. Isubmit, therefore, that
my colleague has the right to call up the motion
to rcconsidcr, and to address the House upon the
motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
a motion to reconsider is privileged above any
other motion of the same grade; but the resolu-
tion before the House is of a higher grade of priv-
ilege, inasmuch as it involves the right of a mem-
ber of the House to his seat.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the Chair
also another reason why the gentleman from Vir-
ginia has not the right to call up his motion now.
Even admitting that the gentleman from Virginia
had the right to call up h'is motion to reconsider,
the fact that the gentleman from Georgia is enti-
tled to the floor would prevent him from calling
it up now.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman from Georgia
yields the floor.
Mr. MILLSON. I merely wish to say, that at
the time I made the motion I was not 'disposed
