THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, .TUNE 11, 1856.
New Series. .. .No. 86.
fractured. When the doctor carac he said that
it was not. He put three or four stitches into
the wounds, and then they took Mr. Sumner
home. I examined his head, and found two large
wounds upon it, and one smaller one under his ear.
His hands, his shoulders, and his back, were
very much bruised. I had a bottle of arnica,
which 1 keep for that purpose, and I stopped
at my boarding house, on my way up, to get it.
The doctor came there and finished dressing the
wounds. He put a bandage over the wounds,
and put some arnica on it. I only say, that the
same licks on an ordinary skull would have
smashed right through. The doctor told me they
would have smashed my head right through. The
licks were fortunately on the thickest part of the
crown.
Clue.-linn: Did you see parts of the stick which
were said to have been broken over his head ?
Answer. Yes, sir; I saw a piece of it in the
Senate.
Question. What was the character of the stick,
and what was the character of the wounds you
saw ? Do you believe, that on other parts of the
head, if the same blows had been inflicted, they
would have produced death ?
Ansioer. I believe, if the licks had been struck
with half the force on another part of the head,
they would have killed him instantly. If they
had been inflicted lower down on the side of the
head, I believe death would have been the result.
I think there is no doubt of it. I have seen a
soldier killed with the end of a raw hide struck
on the side of his head. He never breathed.
Question. Were there any wounds or bruises
other than those you have mentioned?
Answer. There were three on the head—two
Jarge ones and a small one—just back of the ear.
The large ones were cut right to the bone. The
left hand had a black lump on it as large as a
butternut. The right hand was hurt, though not
so badly. Both his arms and shoulders were
black. There was a black streak across his left
arm and shoulders, and across both his thighs.
The latter, I presume, was made m rising up
from his table. The doctor told me that, if no
man had seen the cut made on the right side of
his head, ho would have sworn it was not made
with a stick at, all. it was what we call a thrust-
cut, and was as ragged as if it had been made
with a brick. The doctor and I talked about it,
and he told me that he would have sworn before a
court that it was done with a brick if nobody had
seen it done. There was also a cut on the nose.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) You say you
saw pieces of this stick; are you acquainted with
sticks of that kind? "
Answer. I have never used one.
Question. What would be the weight of it as
compared with a hickory or whalebone stick of
the same size ?
Answer. I could not say. I have seen a stick
which, it is said, is just like this one. This stick
had a sword, or a place for one. I do.not know
that there was one in it; but it was a stick made
for a sword. I should think it was about one
quarter of an inch thick, or a little more, from the
hollow to the outside. I did not examine it so as
to state precisely.
Question. Do you know where there are any
pieces of any considerable length ?
Jinswer. One of the Senate boys had a piece
about four inches in length, but what was done
with it I do not know.
Question, (by Mr. Cobb.) Are you a surgeon?
Jinswer. No, sir.
Question. Have you ever been ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did you ever study for that purpose ?
Jinswer. No, sir, all I know is from practice.
Hon. Warren Winslow, sworn:
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) What do you
know of the facts connected with the assault
alleged to have been made upon Mr. Sumner'in
the Senate Chamber by Hon. Mr. Brooks, of
South Carolina, on Thursday, May 22, 1856 ?
Jinswer. 1 know nothing about it at all except
86
what occurred while I was in the Senate Cham-
ber. I was standing in conversation with friends.
From where I stood Mr. Sum tier was in my view.
My attention was first directed by seeing Mr.
Brooks address Mr. Sumner in what I supposed
to be courteous language. I did not know then
that he was a relative of Senator Butler; but I
was surprised to see a South Carolinian address
Mr. Sumner in courteous language, and that
I attracted my attention. I heard'Mr. Brooks say
' " Mr. Sumner," and Mr. Sumner reply, " Mr.
Brooks." The remarks I did not understand.
When Mr. Brooks struck Mr. Sumner he was
half rising from his chair. He struck him some
half dozen blows before Mr. Sumner rose up.
Mr. Sumner was sitting just next the partition
which separates the lobby from the bar. Mr.
Brooks was before him, Mr. Sumner's desk
between them. Mr. Sumner finally rose and
moved about in a circle towards the right hand,
so that at the close of the contest the position of
the parties was directly reversed. Mr. Sumner
appeared to be bewildered. I do not think he
was stunned by the blow at the time, but he
seemed to be warding off the blow with his left
hand, and grasping at the stick with his right hand,
until he had come around, I think, to the range
of desks before him. When he had got around
some distance lie fell between two desks. 1 do
not think he was knocked doWn. I should think
Mr. Brooks struck him, at least, thirty licks.
He continued striking until the stick was entirely
broken. I think the first two or three blows broke
the stick. Mr. Sumner said nothing but " Oh!"
" Oh Lord!" or something like that. Mr. Brooks
did not strike him after he was knocked down.
Mr. Crittenden approachcd and said, " Don't
strike him," " Don't kill him," or something of
that sort, and Mr. Brooks said, " I do not intend
to." I afterwards met Mr. Brooks, and walked
down the avenue with him, but the meeting was
purely accidental.
Question, (by Mr. Cobb.) I want to ask you
about the length of time from the tune M r. Brooks
commenced addressing Sumner until the com-
mencement of his assault?
Answer. It was very short.
Question. Was there sufficient time to have said
coolly arid deliberately what he is purported to
have said?
Jinswer. I think there was time to have finished
the remarks he is said to have made. I was
struck with his manner. I thought it was a
courteous address. I observed Mr. Brooks some
time previous, sitting in a seat in the Senate.
There were then ten or- twenty ladies upon the
floor. Mr. Sumner was upon his feet during, at
least, two thirds of the contest.
James W. Simonton, sworn:
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) What do you
know of the facts connected with the assault al-
leged to have been made upon Mr. Summer in
the Senate Chamber by the Hon. Mr. Brooks, of
South Carolina, on Thursday, May 22, 1856?
Jinswer. 1 was standing in the Senate Cham-
ber near Mr. Clayton's seat, conversing with Mr.
Morgan and Mr. Murray of the House, when I
heard a blow. I cxclaimed, " What is that?"
and immediately started. One step brought me
in view of the parties. My attention was- di-
rected at once to Mr. Sumner, with a view to
notice his condition. I saw that he was just in
the act of springing forward. As he came upon his
feet I noticed him spin around, and then stagger
backwards and sideways until he fell. Mr.
Brooks was striking him with his cane, which
then seemed to be broken off one third its length.
I rushed up as rapidly as possible, with other
gentlemen, and as I reached him, or near him,
Mr. Keitt rushed in, running around Mr. Sumner
and Mr. Brooks with his cane raised, crying,'' Let
them alone ! let them alone!" threatening myself
and others who had rushed in to interfere. Mr.
Brooks continued to'strike until he was seized by
Mr. Murray, and until Mr. Sumner, who had
lodged partly against the desk, had fallen to the
floor. He did not fall directly, but, after lodging
for an instant upon, then slipped oft" from his
desk, and fell upon the floor. I do not know of
anything further.
| Question. How often did Mr. Brooks strike?
; Answer. With great rapidity; at least a dozen,
I and I should think twenty blows. Mr. Sumner,
at the first moment when I looked at him,seemed
to me to be unconscious.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) Do you
know of any com erf between Mr. Brooks and
any other person, u member of Congress, to at-
tack Mr. Sunnier ' #
Answer. I do not know anything of my own
knowledge. I noticed several persons who were
there. I saw Mr. Keitt there. I have a distinct
recollection of seeing several parties, perhaps not
distinct enough to mention them. 1 saw several
Senators present immediately afterwards, but
whether they were there at the time of the occur-
rence I could not say. My attention was di-
rected especially to Mr. Sumner, and to Mr. Keitt,
who seemed to be acting in concert with Mr.
Brooks.
Question. Do you know of any person or per-
sons who knew that (he attack 'was contem-
plated ?
Answer. Not to my own knowledge. I have
heard it stated that 'Captain Manott and E. C.
Coleman were so informed. I believe Mr. Cole-
man is the correspondent of the San Francisco
Globe. It is, perhaps, but justice to an officer
of thd Senate, Mr. Holland, to say that he inter-
fered with a great deal of energy, just as the
collision ended. Mr. Holland rushed in and
exclaimed, "I am an officer of the Senate,"
raised his hand,and commanded Keitt and Brooks
to stop.
Question. Where was Mr. Keitt when Holland
directed him to desist ?
Answer. He and Mr. Brooks were both just
about where Mr. Sumner's desk ordinarily stands.
His desk was overturned.
Question. State, if you can, what Mr. Keitt
s aid or did from first to last?
Answer. 1 saw him as I was approaching the
parties. I noticed him run in from the center
aisle, and raise his cane. He used the words I
have spoken; or rather my impression is that the
precise expression )vas, " Let them alone, God
damn you."
Question,. From what part of the Senate Cham-
ber did Mr. Keitt come?
Answer. I suppose he came from towards the
Clerk's desk, from the road by which I saw hiro
approach.
Question. Did he strike any blow ?
Answer. I saw him strike no blow. He had
his cane flourishing over his head.
Question. Was that the effect of excitement, or
of a blow aimed at somebody?
Answer. I could not say that it was aimed at
anybody. It might have been from excitement.
He brandished his cane as I have described, and
almost completed a circle around Mr. Sumner
and Mr. Brooks.
Hon. Henry A. Edmundson, sworn:
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) What do you
know of the fa'cts connected with the assault al-
leged to have been made upon Mr. Sumner, in
the Senate Chamber, by the Hon. Mr. Brooks,
of South Carolina, on the 22d of May, 1856; and
state anything you may have heard Mr. Brooks
say in relation thereto, previous to said assault! *
Answer. I was not present when the alleged
assault was made. The first intimation I had
that Mr. Brooks had taken any offense at what
Mr. Sumner said, was on going into the Senate
Chamber on the second day of the speech, when
I heard a gentleman say that Mr. Brooks" had
taken exceptions to remarks made by Mr. Sum-
ner, the day before, in relation to Judge .ButJ^r,
and of the State of South Carolina. The morn-
ing after Mr. Sumner closed his speech, while on
my way to the House with some other gentle-
men, I met Mr. Brooks at the foot of the first
flight of steps approaching the Capitol. 1 accosted
him, saying, " You are going the wrong way for
