626
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 12,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Mr. Brooks and Mr. Sumner—Mr. Butler.
Senate.
to gather the glories of the Senate Chamber and
fight with orators, unless he is prepared to main-
tain the position of an honorable combatant.
Though his friends have invested him with the
dress of Achilles and offered him his armor, he
has shown that he is only able to fight with the
weapons of Thersites, and deserved what that
brawler received from the hands of the gallant
Ulysses.
I must say, Mr. President, that I was utterly
disappointed in the body of the speech. Inde-
pendent of the personalities which have distorted
and disgraced it, there is nothing in the speech to
distinguish it from pretty nearly all the speeches
which he has made upon this subject—and I be-
lieve he has scarcely made any speeches on any
other. He is one of those one-idea men who
always go one way. Whilst this speech has
much of the identity of former efforts, it has j
none of the freshness of their originality. If
there is anything that varies it at all and distin-
guishes it from the others, it is the calico pictures
impressed upon the "warp and woof" of his
former speeches in the form of quotations; some
of which—I say it as a moralist and as a Sen- |
ator—stain the cloth upon which they are im- |
pressed, more by their obscenity than he can
adorn it with the glare of their coloring. |
I have made these remarks upon the character
of the speech. He may regard them as criticism.
Whether my criticism be one that will be adopt-
ed by the public, or such as will address itself to
tho good taste and good sense of this audience, I
know not. I have given the convictions of ray
mind.
After these remarks upon the character of the
speech, I come to make my points; and I will
maintain them, not by general charges without
specifications; not by that proclivity to error and
falsehood which the Senator so decently imputed
to me; not by general declamation from which he
can take refuge in his own authority; but I will
prove them by documents beyond all question.
In the first place, I say that what the Senator
said of me find of the State of South Carolina was
dragged into- the debate by no law of legitimate
association or connection; but it was injected
into his speech positively in disregard of the
tone and spirit of mine—neither in replv to, nor
in recognition of, the kindness and foroearance
which pervaded my speech. Sir, I am now
passing through the last chapter of my public
life. When I came here this year, I said to friends,
" The last thing I would wish is, to have my
name or reputation, if I have any, associated with
party strife, much less with party contentions."
My Speech upon the Kansas question was the
most guarded and remarkable for its forbearance
of any that I have ever delivered. I commenced
it by this declaration : "" -•
" It may be said that I have passed through tlffe ordeal of
experience, and perhaps of time, 4nd that they have had
their influence on my temper; but, sir, I look on anything
like a rupture in civil government, and especially such a
one as would throw us into the horrors of anarchy, with not
the same view as others who may be more intrepid, and
who may think they can come out of it without hazard to
themselves. There is nothing SO mischievous to society as
any movement affecting its stability, uncontrolled by re-
sponsibility and unregulated by intelligence."
Upon another occasion I remarked that I would
be the last man to do or to say anything that
would commit the issue in Kansas to the arbitra-
ment of the sword in the hands of youth. Mine
Was a warning and a kind voice.
Before I proceed with the argument of my main
points further, I -will make a suggestion which
may, perhaps, appear parenthetical. When the
Senator from Massachusetts took hi  seat near
yie, I knew that he was a Free-soiler, or Abolition-
ist, as it * s termed; but notwithstanding that,
I had read some of his productions, and he was
introduced to me, or perhaps, I to him. I had
known many who came into the Senate of the
United States, reeking with prejudices from
home, who afterwards had the courage to lift
themselves above the temporary influences which
had controlled them. 1 supposed that a man who
had read history could not be a bigot. I believed
that one who was imbued with the literature which
that Senator's mind had imbibed, could not sin
in the face of light, and truth, and the lessons of
history. With these views, I did not hesitate to
keep up what my friends complained of, an inter-
course with him, which was calculated to give
him a currency far beyond what he might have
had if I had not indulged in that species of inter-
course. My friends here and everywhere know
it. When I made my reply to him on the Ne-
braska and Kansas bill, I complimented him. I
did not hesitate to compliment him, and he was
gratified at it, for he said so. His opinion of me
as a lawyer was very different then, (if I may be
allowed to speak of what he then said,) not only
on this floor, but to other persons. 1 did not
hesitate to forbear a prescriptive judgment on any
man because he happened to differ with me to-
day or to-morrow; for life, sir, is but a span any-
how. I thought the time might come when the
tide of events would bring to him the awful cer-
tainty of the doctrines which he held, and which
in the first instance, when he came here, he was
not disposed to propagate.
Things stood in this way until one day when
it was proposed here to repeal the fugitive slave
law. I said that I had no great confidence in that
law, and turned to him with an honest purpose,
with no design whatever to provoke anything
like a personal or sectional issue, and asked of
the Senator from Massachusetts whether, if there
were no fugitive slave law, Massachusetts would
be willing to carry out the provision of the Con-
stitution. Then it was, in excitement, or as he
said, " impulse"—an impulse, as I characterized
it then, of the drawer—he rose and asked me if
" he was a dog to do this thing?" I treated this
answer with ridicule; it absolutely did not touch
my heart; and after that I spoke to him.
Three days afterward he came in with a labored
philippic touching me more deeply than he had
before; but he then made, for the first time, a
charge affecting the revolutionary history of
South Carolina, by saying that John Rutledge,
who was honored by Washington and all his
countrymen, and who is a historical character,
had offered, in 1779, in a negotiation with Pre-
vost, at the gates of Charleston, that South Caro-
lina should be neutral during the war ©f the Rev-
olution. I did not wait until the next morning
to reply to him. I responded at once,and I have
no doubt I replied with indignation. I have no
doubt that my heart threw the words upon him.
Mortified vanity has no conscience; it may be
that he did not think he came out of that contro-
versy with as much credit as he should—at least
his friends may have thought so. I gave him
notice, however, that, after that I should have no
communication with him. whatever—the bridge
had been cut down—and I never have had.
Two yearselapsed; and, during that time, I am
bound in justieehere to say, I have scarcely spoken
to, of, or about him; and, perhaps, when I did
speak about him, I said something which he
would hare been gratified to hear. My friends
think that sometimes I did. Whatever the tempt-
ation of my resentment may be, I have passed,
and shall pass, through life with one determina-
tion: if I cannot do justice, I will not do injustice
to any man. I have exhibited here in debate, on
more occasions than one', impatience and excita-
bility. These are peculiarities which have fol-
lowed me from the cradle. Perhaps, sometimes,
anger, in its ebullitions, may have found an ex-
pression from me; but, thank God, I can say it
was but a transient feeling, which at the time
gushed from the heart; it was a feeling which
subsequently was suppressed by reason and re-
pentance. That, however, is a failing which
cannot inhabit the same mind with treachery and
malignity.
Now, sir, I proceed to make my points; and I
shall show that what the Senator said of myself,
and South Carolina, was not in response to any-
thing which I said; that he has gone outside the
record to bring into the debate matters which did
not legitimately belong to it by association or
connection.
I will maintain these three propositions so
certainly that, in my Opinion, there will not be
one mind here, unless it be disposed to mor-
ally perjure itself, which will not acquiesce in
them. I will show that his remarks upon me
and South Carolina were untrue and unjust; the
language used was licentious; the spirit which
prompted it was aggressive; and the whole tenor
and tone of the speech was malignant and insult-
ing.
In no speech which I have made during this
session did I name Massachusetts or South
Carolina. This is a most remarkable thing con-
sidering the nature of the debate. I have culled
what I said, and I have not introduced South
Carolina by name into the debate, nor have I
brought in Massachusetts. Yet, sir, this Senator
alludes to me in two paragraphs. I should like
to know why he did not finish my picture in one
sketch on the first day, when he spoke of me as
being " Don Quixote in love with slavery as a
mistress, because she was a harlot." I dislike
to repeat the obscenity of his illustration. When
he had me under review then, why did he not
finish me in that general sketch ? He took another
night; and during that night the chaotic concep-
tions either emanated from his own mind or were
suggested to it by those busy people who seem
to have control over him; and then it was that he
made this celebrated attack on me, assailing my
reputation as a gentleman of veracity:
" With regret, I come again upon the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Bctler,] who, omnipresent in this debate,
overflowed with rage at the simple suggestion that Kansas
had applied for admission as a State ; and, with incoherent
phrases, discharged the loose expectoration of his speech,
now upon her representative, and then upon her people.
There was no extravagance of the ancient parliamentary
debate which he did not repeal; nor was there any possible
deviation from the truth which he did not make, with so
much of passion, I am glad to add, as to save him from the
suspicion of intentional aberration. But the Senator touches
nothing which he does not disfigure—with error, sometimes
of principle, sometimes of fact. He shows an incapacity
of accuracy, whether in stating the Constitution or in stating
the law, whether in the details of statistics or the diversions
of scholarship. He cannot ope his mouth, but out there
flies a blunder. Surely he ought to be familiar with the life
of Franklin; and yet he referred to this household charac-
ter, while acting as agent of our fathers in England, as
above suspicion; and this was done that he might give poin t
to a false contrast with the agent of Kansas—not knowing
that, however they may differ in genius and fame, in this
experience they are alike : that Franklin, when intrusted
' with the petition of Massachusetts Bay, was assaulted by a
I foul-mouthed speaker, where he could not be heard in de-
fense, and denounced as a' thief,' even as the agent of
I Kansas has been assaulted on this floor, and denounced as
a* forger.' And let not the vanity of the Senator be in-
spired by the parallel with the British statesmen of that
day; for it is only in hostility to freedom that any parallel
can be recognized.
" But it is against the people of Kansas that the sensibil-
ities of the Senator are particularly aroused. Coming, as
he announces, 'from a State'—ay, sir, from South Carolina
—he turns with lordly disgust from this newly-formed com-
munity, which he will not recognize even as 'a body-
politic.' Pray, sir, by what title does he indulge in this
egotism ? Has he read the history of ' the State' which he
represents ? He cannot surely have forgotten its shameful
imbecility from Slavery, confessed throughout the Revolu-
tion, followed by its more shameful assumptions for Slavery
since. He cannot have forgotten its'wretched persistence
m the slave trade as the very apple of its eye, and the con-
dition of its participation in the Union. He cannot have
forgotten its Constitution, which is republican only in name,
confirming power in the hands of the few, and founding the
qualifications of its legislators on ' a settled freehold estate
and teii negroes-' And yet-the Senator, to whom that
' State' has in part committed the guardianship of its good
name, instead of moving, with backward treading steps,
to cover its nakedness, rushes forward, in the very ecsia y
ofrnadness, to expose it by provoking a, comparison with
Kansas!"
Now, Mr. President, I am going to state a prop-
osition which will startle the Senate; what ne
here undertakes to quote as the constitution of
South Carolina, in reference to the eligibility of
members of the Legislature, is not to be found in
it at ail. How did he bring it in in response to
any speech of mine ? He has sworn in his affi-
davit that what he said was fairly in response to
the speeches which I had made. I put tne ques-
tion to Senators, and I shall pause for their sen-
tence: how dare he,from anything in my speeches,
put his finger—his profane finger—upon the con-
stitution of South Carolina ? Is that a response
to anything which I said ? My speeches heretofore
delivered are upon record, and can be referred to.
I neither alluded to the constitution of South
Carolina, nor did I mention South Carolina in
the whole debate; and yet in his affidavit he says
that all these are fairly referable as a response
to the remarks of the Senator from South Caro-
lina! What he has quoted here is not in the
constitution of South Carolina; and when he un-
dertakes to subject me to the seventy of his cnt-
icisms, as a blunderer in the statements of law and
constitution, let hint stand convicted of one of
two things—either that he did not read the con-
stitution of South Carolina himself, and adopted
