2236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 18,
liberately charged upon the Republican party that
their object is " the spoils of office, or the disso-
lution of the Union, ami lias paraded Rej*c u-
c«khM and Disunion m large letters under that
charge, and then has placed my name and action
on a former occasion as proof of that charge, and
in conjunction therewith has added the names of
Messrs. Seward and Chase, then members of the
Senate, and ilu-ir votes on my moiion as proof
of the charge, 1 propose briefly to state from the
record what was said and done on that occasion,
both by myself and those two gentlemen.
I read from the Congressional Globe, February
7, 1850:
"Mi. IJate. I have received a petition from inhabitants
of Pcnnsv iviuita and Delaware, stating tliat they Micve
that the Fedeml Constitution, Mi giving its support to tin-
very, violates the Divine law, and makes war upon human
rights, and is inconsistent with republican principles, ami
that the attempt to mute slavery and Irei-dom in one body
politic ha-" already liroiislit upon the country great anil man-
ifold evils, and iW fully pioved that no sneli union can
exist but bv the sacrifice ol It pedum to the supremacy ol
slavery. Tliey, llierellire, respectfully tokt'ongi ess lo pro-
nose, without delay, some plan lor the immediate ami
peaceful dissolution of the American Union. I tliist,as
the Senate decided yesterday thai n was m outer to receive
resolutions threatening to do the same thing forcibly, they
will at least receive a petition asking tliem to do it peace-
ably."
The question of reception was raised, and a
protracted debate ensued. 1 closed the few re-
marks I made on that occasion with these words:
u i hopo the petition will be disposed of m the usual way,
and laid o« the table, though I win not make the mouon to
do it."
Mr. Seward, whose name and action on tliatoc
casion arc also lug^od in by the reverend Chaplain
to prove that Republicanism and disunion aie one
and the same, moved to add, alter the petition
was received—
" That it Ik* referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
wtth m-tiuetums to report, without unrun«onnblc dHay,
that the Senate 1m* neither the power nor the deposition
to entertain the linesman"
And the samo gentleman further said:
" I hare considered --1 was going on to say—the course
taken bv a ih.-tinjiu^hed and lamented Mate-man in {he
other Hou-us upon ihooce;i ion of pie^-ntaiion of petitions
of a character similar to that winch is now piesenred—I
mean the late John Uumev Admin; and f am satisfied, as
he whs, that the putitnm ouj$t t to be tvonved, by way of
viudicalnif.' the ri'.'hl of petition. 1 have no more sympathy
than he hnd wah the object of n petition which pi ays lot a
dissolution of thi-t Union. I him no tV<ir of a dissolution j
of the (!mou I brhevo it was noi made by madwu, w  r I
can madmen destroy if; ami I Mie\e none but madmen
would pontiim lor it-, dissolution, and m\ rule ahva.\« is in
regard to m.uim<'n to h.vve no <>ourrovei^y with them."
Mr. Clmsc epoko as follows:
" l am unwilling, mi, to a vote upon that question at
tlii-* time, utiles I have an o|ipoirunny alfoided im- to as
sign the mi-ons !or liiat vme, in order lii.it they may
outwuh (he vote iwll. I am one 01 tlio^ewlni believe 111 <i t
the right of' petition belong to ih > p.>opl.\ and I hat it i- not
wiilnn the eoiKtiiutional [unvcr of lin- body, or ol any other
Icgislauvi- body, to abridge that light"-—
and much more of the same soil. Messrs. Sew-
ard, Chase, arid myself, ult disclaimed any sym-
pathy with ih« object of the petition; we simply
desin-d to vindicate the rijjht to peiition. Mr.
Seward, in closing the debate, Haiti:
" We art* all asMm^t even the thought of dissolution.
Under tln^e i*nruiiwanee<. !  haU von  lor r<'<-<-ivint( the
petition, tor the reason I h.tve already a>-.iyrri'*<i. and i
think tl the right way to vindicate the ii^hl ot petition,and
tin* wnv bi>t e.ikulrited io >uppro.- the agitation."
And,sir, notwithstanding these distinct avowals
of our purpo^p simply to vindicate the right of
petition, and the strongest expression^ of devo-
tion to the Union, the reverend Chaplain of this
body, susuumn:; to us members the relation of
their spiritual teacher, whose appropriate func-
tion would be m the hour of* sickness, and pos-
sibly of dissolution, to stand around their bed-
side administering the consolations of that reh- :
irion of which he is a professed minister, lias seen j
fit to make hnnwelf an instrument of emulating |
the f'-ulost slanders against some of th  hi. i
Sir, 1 am represented by the Chaplain not only 1
as presenting Inn iwitstinq upon a petition tor the
dissolution of this Union. I shall make no mo-
tion, nor join in any reproach against ministers
of the Gospel for meddling with politics. I leave
that to theeioquentdenunciation so freely poured
forth on another occasion, when three thousand
clergymen of New England romo.is'rated against
the repeal of the Missouri conipiom:se. I will
only add that, if the Secretary of the Senate, tiie
Sergfiaiif-at-Arms, or any other officer of the Sen-
ate, shall so far forget what I think belongs to
the proprieties of his position as to libel any
member of the Senate as the reverend Chaplain
has myself, I will vote for his immediate dismis-
sal from otiice. If our Chaplain is entitled to any
extra compensation, it should come from the
political clubs which circulate such pamphlets as
the one he has published. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BIGLER. I move to amend the resolution
by adding the following:
That there be paid out of the contingent fund of the
Senate to such of the employes of the Senate who<e pay
has not been increased at the present session, or whose sal-
ane* do not exceed $2,nOU, twenty per cent, on their pay
now fixed by lav>', for tne last fiscal vetir.
Mr. EVANS. I think it will be better to put
an end to this whole discussion. The contingent
fund seems to be a fund that is grappled at by
everybody, and I therefore move to lay the res-
olution and amendment on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. EVANS. I move to refer the resolution
and amendment to the Committee to Audu and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I will vote for the payment
of this Chaplain on the ground, that chaplains
ought to be employed, and that when employed
they ought to be paid, and that with his services
in any other capacity, though I regret to sec him
departing from his high vocation, 1 have nothing
to do.
Mr. BUTLER. Allow me to say one word
in reference to this gentleman. The pamphlet
alluded to is an anonymous production, and such
aa has often been resorted to by clergymen in
England, by Bishop Burnett, Home Tooke,and
others, and they have never been questioned or
called upon for writing under an anonymous
name. He has not written it as a clergyman.
Mr. HALE. Vou da not deny that he is the
author?
Mr. BUTLER. You say so?
Mr. HALE. I do.
Mr. BUTLKR. Well, that is enough.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Bk?ler.]
Mr. CLAYTON. It is a proposition to pay
the employes of this House the same sum that
is paid to the officers of the other House, and no
moie. Why should not our officers have the
same sum that they have? I can see no reason
for the diJlerence.
Mi. PKARCB. It is in fact allowing the
House to fix. the amount of the .salaries that we
shall pay to our olTiceis. 1 cannot subsenbe to
that. The House may do as they please with
their own officers; but here we have on deliberate
consideration arranged the salaries, and I am not
willing to depart fiom that scale.
Mr. COLLAMER. If tins amendment be
added to the resolution, I shall insist on a divis-
ion of the question on the adoption of the reso-
lution as amended. I may be willing to vote for
one biamh of the resolution, and not for the
other. 1 inquire of the Chair whether, if it be
added, we shall be at liberty to divide the ques-
tion ?
The PRESIDENT pro tanpore. The question
j now is on the amendment of the Senator from
[ Pennsylvania.
] Mr. "COLLAMER. Bui, if it be adopted, can
[ we divide the resolution ? ^
The PRESIDENT pm tempore. No, sir, it !
lid aincs a part of the resolution, and the question j
will be on the resolution as it is. j
.Mr BIGLER. I can see no well-founded ob- 1
jeetion to my proposition. It is the iatc of salary
fixed by the lIou<?e. They have added twenty
per cent, to their officers.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask for the yens and
nays on the amendment.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 withdraw it.
Mr. PUGfi. I think this discussion will ac-
complish no purpose. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on thi table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WADE, and others. It is twelve o'clock.
Mr. HALE. 1 object to any further proceed-
ings. The hour of twelve o'clock has arrived.
The clock has struck twelve, and I refuse to vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
Call the roll.
The question being taken hy yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Mer^rs. Adam?-. Henimnm, Bin??, Bijrler, I'riglit,
Butler, Clav, Clayton, Douglas, Evan*, Fitzpatnek,
Foster, Hat Ian. Houston. Hunt'-r, James, Jones* of Iowa,
lones of Temievee, Malioiv, Pratt, Re id, Sebasti-m,
Seward. ^Udell. Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson
of New Jeivry.WtdkM, ami Wrighr—30.
NAYS—Me^rs. Brodhead, Coliamer, Foot, Pearce,
Toombs, and Wade—ti.
So the resolution was adopted.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed divers enrolled bills; which
were signed by the President pro tempoi-e, and are
as follows:
An act for the relief of Captain Thomas Ap.
Catesby Jones;
An dct for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-,
resentatives of Ignaeio Dclino; _ -
All act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Mrs. Magdalene Bionun, widow of De la
Rondo;
An act for the relief of Peyton G. Ivmg. late
receiver of public moneys at Monroe, Louisiana;
An act for the relief of Villiam B. Cozzcns;
An act for the relief of William Humphreys,
Jr., owner of the fishing schooner Good Ex-
change;
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Louis Ileffgio;
An act for the relief of Hi'iiry L. Robinson;
An act for the relief of Edmund Mitchell;
An act for the relief of the sureties of the late
Lieutenant Charles E. Jarvis, of the United States
Army;
An act for thp relief of John Nash; and
An act for the relief of the hell's and legal rep-
resentatives of Bernard Hemkin.
Mr. HUNTER.. I believe it is usual to notify
the President that the Senate is ready to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
twelve, fixed by the resolution of the two Houses,
having arrived, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to announce that the Senate is adjourned sine die.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, August 18, 185G.
The House met at nine o'clock, a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
CREEK AND SEMINOLE INDIANS.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to appeal to the House
to take up and consider Senate bill (No. 462) for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Creek and
Seminole Indians, of August 7, !856.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. X desire to have
the Journal read.
The SPEA KER. The Journal is not piepared
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make this state-
ment ill lelerence to that bill: On Saturday the
Senate ratified a treaty made with the Creek and
Seminole Indians, by winch it becomes necessary
to make additional appropiiations. In addition to
that, the conditions of the treaty with the Semi-
noles provides for lidding the State of Florida
of the remainder of the Seminoles in that State.
This matter has been fully examined hy the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs. We
have the estimates of the Secretary of the Interior
relating to it. It is a Senate bill, and unless now
acted upon it must fail. 1 believe, from my ex-
amination of the bill, that it ought to pass with
ail amendment, providing that it shall not take
effect until the Indians consent to the amend-
ment which tiie Senate made to the treaty.
Mr. JONES. I ask for the reading of the
Journal.
Mr. CARLILE. I object to taking up that
bill.
Mr. JONES. I want to have the Journal read.
The SPEAKER. Tiie Chair has announced
to the House that the Journal is not prepared.
Mr. JONES. Then read what is prepared.
The SPEAKER. oThere is no part of the Jour-
nal ready.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to suspend the
rules, that the reading of the Journal may be dis-
pensed with.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the officers of the House—and it is due to them
