1856,3
APPENDIX TO THE COWGRESSIOISAI- GUQflBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Mr. Brooks and Mr. Sumner—Mr, Butter.
Senate.
it from others, or that, if he read it, he could not
understand it. I intend to dwell upon this point
■with a view to convict him—not that I am going
to vindicate the constitution of South Carolina,
but 1 will convict this rhetorical jurist—this man
who undertakes to sit on the tripod, and publish
the oracles of Delphi, to sit upon me as a lawyer!
My God, what have I come to! A man who
never managed a case (as far as I know) in court,
to sit on myself who hive been thirty-five years
engaged in law, either in appearing at the bar, or
expounding it on the bencn!
1 have never delivered a judgment on a ques-
tion of law here, as a member of the Committee
on the Judiciary, whether I have made the ma-
jority or the minority report, when that Senator ,
has not concurred with me; or if he differed it has
been on sectional questions on which he has been
overruled by the overwhelming authority of the
Senate. Yet, a man who has agreed with me
always—and that is the only baa sign about it
[laughter)—undertakes to sit in judgment on my
legal attainments! If his authority is worth any-
thing, it is with me, for he has concurred with
me. On all the contested-election cases, we ftave
agreed, except, perhaps, in the Phelps case. There
he may have differed from me; but if he did the
Senate overruled him.
That, however, is not the question which I was
approaching. I said that what he stated in ref-
erence to the constitution of South Carolina was
not in response to anything which had fallen from
me, and that there was no such thing to be found
in the constitution of South Carolina as he has
quoted. I will read the clause:
" No person shall be eligible to a seat in the House of
Representatives, unless he is a free white man, of the age
of twenty-one years, and hath been a citizen aijd resident
of this State three years previous to his election. If a resi-
dent in the election district, he shall not be eligible to a
•eat in the House of Representatives, unless he be legally
seized and possessed, in his own right, of a settled freehold
estate of five hundred acres of land, and ten negroes; or of
are4l estate of the value of one. hundred and fifty pounds
sterling, clear of debt. If a non-resiilgnt, he shajl be le-
gally seized and possessed.of a settled freehold estate
thereto of the value of Sv« hundred pounds sterling, clear
«f debt."
£ venture ta say that neatly half of the mem-
bers of the Legislature of South Carolina, partic-
ularly those who come from the towns and cities, j
do not own a negro at all; and very few of them, j
as my colleague knows, own five hundred acres I
of land. Merchants do not want it; lawyers do j
not want it. The tenure by which they hold i
their offices is mainly by the latter clause, which
the Senator left out, that a man to be eligible to a
seat in the Hquse of Representatives must own
property to the amount of one hundred and fifty
pounds sterling, clear of debt. That is a little
over seven hundred dollars. Now I have got
him; I call on Senators to conyict him. There
is but one verdict which can be rendered. HJe
has gone out of the way to assail the constitution
of South Carolina, and, in assailing it, he is guilty
of the worst of all faults. I cannot fconeeive of a
worse predicament than his, who, professing pe- ;
dantic accuracy, and sitting in judgment on the
quotations of others, is reduced to the alternative
of admitting that he never read what he quoted,
or, if he had read it, could not understand it, or
garbled it.
Again, sir, he says the constitution of South
Carolina is republican only in form. I say there
is no State in the Union whose constitution gives
a more enlarged right of suffrage. I ha,ve not the
provision now before me, but I can state what
mv colleague knows to be the fact, that every free
"white man of South Carolina, of the age of twenty-
one, has a right of suffrage, provided he pays
seventeen shillings of tax. I may' be mistaken,
perhaps, in the amount.
Mr. EVANS. There is no tar at all required,
if he is a resident, and has resided six months in
the election district. Then he is entitled to vote
without property qualification.
Mr. BuTJLER. If he has resided there for six
months, no property qualification is required;
but, if he has not resided so long, he must have
a very small amount of land. Our people do not
even pay a poll-tax. Here is the provision of
the South Carolina constitution:
" Every free while man bf the ue qf. twenty-jope year*,
bang a citi^aof thfagtate, and,rfsipea therein two
years previous to the day of election, and who hath a free-
bold of fifty acres of land, or a town lot of which he hath
been legally seized and possessed at least six months be-
fore such election , or, not having such freehold or town lot,
hath been a resident in the election district in which he
offers to give his vote six months before the said election,
and hath paid a tax the preceding year of three shillings
sterling towards the support of this government, shall have
a right to vote for a member or members to serve in either
branch of the Legislature, for the election district in which
he holds such property, or is so resident."
The Senator has presumed to characterize her
constitution as republican only in form, when it
has the freest and most enlarged right of suf-
frage of any State in the Union. I grant you
that, when the Legislature comes into operation
under the constitution, there are conservative ele-
ments which, I thank God, have withstood the
wild feeling of what is called the progress of the
times; but it does not become me to allude to
them now.
I come next to an allegation which, if the
Senator were here, I think lie would not look me
in the face when I repeat, and that is, his inso-
lent and untrue charge of the " shameful imbe-
cility" of South Carolina during the war of the
Revolution in consequence of slavery. Sir, in-
gratitude is the monster of vices, and when it is
associated with injustice, it ought to be condemned
by the consuming indignation of even those who
may to-morrow be our adversaries. What are
the facts? The news of the battle of Lexington
was carried to Charleston by express; and the
very day they received the intelligence the Liberty
men, as they were called, broke open the arsenals
and distributed the arms. It was but a few days
afterwards before Boston sent a vessel to South
Carolina for bread and wine. We sent them, I
think, $3,500 worth of provisions, and seventy
barrels of wine—the Maine liquor law did not
prevail in Boston at that time. [Laughter.] We
gave them bread; and, I answer for it, South Caro-
lina has never asked pay for her hospitality. She
would never brook the thought of asking pay for
the bread she poured out uppn her countrymen-
countrymen they were, sir. Massachusetts was
without po wdex then, and. we furnished her with it.
- Here I will say, lesi-I forget it, that the battles
of Lexington ana Bunker Hill in the Revolution,
I regard as the battles of Marathon and Salamis.
They gave the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
an immortality for commencing the glorious con-
test which has resulted in the independence of
these United States; and I shall be the last man
to touch the laurel crown which grows from the
blood that enriched the soil upon which those
battles were fought. The very pow*£er that was
used after the.batUe of Bunker Hill was furnished
by South Carolina. Here is the entry, not only
iji the history of Sonth, Carolina, but in the, his-
tory of Massachusetts.. In Rarasay 'a History of
the Revolution in South Carolina, volume 1, page
43, you will find:
"At the time all these military preparations were making,
the whole quantity of pQwda? in the. provinca did not ex-
ceed. three thousand pounds. The people not originally
designing a militaiy opposition, no care Was taken, to pro-
vide stores; but now, reduced to the alternative of'fighting
or submitting, extraordinary methods were taken tp obtain
a supply. The inhabitants of East Florida, Mv^ng. never
joined in measures of opposition to Great Britilin, the ports
at that province were open for the purposes, of trade.
" Twelve pejsons, in vyhieli number were included Cap-
tains Tempkere, Cochran. 8tatter, Tufts, Joyner, Messrs.
Tebant, Williamson, and Jenkins, authorized by the Coun-
cil of Safety, sailed from Charleston for that coast, and,
by surpn>a, boarded a vessel near the bar of Sti Augustine,
though twelve British greoa$ers of the 14th reginvent
were on board.' They took out fifteen thousand pounds of
powder, for which they gave d bill of exchange to the cap-
tain; and, having sec wed a safe retreat to themselves, by
spiking the guns of the pefrder vessel, they, set sail for Car-
olina. Apprehending that they should lie pursued, they
steered for Beaufort. From that place, the/ cam? by tbe
inland navigation, arid delivered their prize to the Council
of Safety, whilst then: pursuers were looking for them at
the b^rof Charleston. This seasonablesuppiy enabled the
people of South Carolina to oblige their suffering brethren
m Massachusetts, who, though immediately exposed to the
British army, were in a great measure destitute of that ne-
cessary ankle of defease."
In a book published in Boston, entitled "Deal-
ings with the Dead," I find these entries:
" Our southern con&deiates are entitled to ctvilify, be-
cause they are men and brethren; and they are entitled
to kindness and courtesy from us of Boston, because we
ewe them a debt of gratitude, which it would be shame-
ful to forget. Since we, of tbe North, have presumed to he
vfifarteken upon tbip occasion, let u* do the thing' decatim
I et orrwite,' Resides, owftien&of «jlis South are nOtoriot Ijr I
testy and hot-headed; they are, geographically, children of
the sun. John Smith's description of the Massachusetts
Indians, in 1614, Richmond edition, 2,194, is trijly applica-
ble to the southern people, ' tiery kind, but, it their fury,
no less valiant.'
" I am no more Inclined to uphold the South, in the
continued practice of a moral wrong, because they gave us
bread when we were hungry, as they cettsurfj! did, than
was Sir Matthew Hale to decide favorably for the suitor
who sent him the fit buck." * * * *
" June 24,1774. Twenty-four days after the port bill went
into operation, a public meeting was held at Charleston,
South Carolina. The moving spirits were tbe Traptprs
and the Elliots? the florries and the Clarions, the Gads-
dens and the Pinckneys, of that day; and resolutions were
passed Hill of brotherly love and sympathy for the inhab-
itants of Boston." * *   * *
" New York, August 15, 1774. Saturday last Captain
Dickerson arrived here, and brought three' hundred and
seventy-six barrels of rye from South Carolina, to be sold,
and proceeds remitted to Boston, a present to the sufferers;
a still larger cargo is to be shipped-for tb# kike benevolent
purpose." * * * « *, *
" Let the work of abolition go forward ity a> dignified and
decent spirit. Let us argue; and, so far as ws" rightfully
may, let us legislate. Let us bring tie whole world's
sympathy up to the work of emancipation. Rut let us not
revile and vituperate those who are, to all intents and pur-
poses, our brethren, as certainly as if they lived just over
the Koxbury line, instead of Mason and Dixon's. Such
harsh and unmitigated scoffing and abuse, as we too often
witness, are equally ungracious, ungentlemaaly, and un-
grateful."
The Senator says that the southern States, in
consequence of slavery, betrayed during the rev-
olutionary war a " shameful imbecility. I chal-
lenge him to the truth of history. There was
not a battle fought south of the Potomac which
was not fought by southern troops and slave-
holders, even if you choose to exclude Pennsyl-
vania, which was at that time a slaveholding
i State. Muhlenberg's continental regiment was
always with them, and I love to allude to it; but
not a New England squad,company, or regiment
ever passed the Potomac; and yet the Senator
says that but for northern aid the southern States
could not have sustained themselves.
Sir, who fought the battle of King's Mountain ?
It was not fought by anybody in pay. Patriots
fought it, but they never received a dollar. That
battle made an impression, perhaps, the most
remarkable of any during the war. It turned the
tide of events. ' Who fought the battle of Cbw-
pens? There was none in that battle from, the
'.north of Maryland. Her commander, Howard,
is perhaps, in some respects, the hero of that
action. Colonel Washington,commander of the
cavalry) ai>d Pickens, a citizen of South Carolina,
and one of the hereos of the revolq^onary war,
commanded the militia, and they, never shrank
frorn. their post. It has been said of the South
Carolina xnilitia, during the revolutionary war,
that they were oply raw troops, who stood to
their guns and position, whenever they were
mustered into the service, and called upon toper-
form duty. Who fought the battle of Hohkirk's
Hill ? General Greene Was the commander; and
he afterwards became a slaveholder,.aqd, of his
own choice, lived and died in asputh.ern State,
among friends apd comrades in arms. Who
fought the battle of Eut&w? Was there any New
England regiment, or company, or squad there ?
JSot one. That, battle, the most distinguished
which has ever been fought iii the southern por-
tion of the Confederacy, w^s fought by southern
slaveholders from MarylantLvirgipia, South Car-
olina, North Carolina, and Georgia. They were
exclusively southern troop?,. In the face of these
facts, the Senator said the imbecility of the South,
arising from slavery, was such that they could
not fight their battles without aid.
Shame! I call upon the shade o£ Hancock and
Adams to look down atid reprove a degenerate
son who can thus invade, the very sanctuary of
the history which has given them immortality.
Do you think that, sir, by this reprark I re-
W>aeb the troops of New England? No, sir.
hen Yorktown surrendered, there was not a
New England regiment there; I have a list of
the troops who were present. But because I say-
that southern troops and those from Pennsylva-
nia alone engaged in these distinguished battles,
do I reproach the troops of Massachusetts,? God
forbid f They were under the command of Wash-
ington at the time when he, went to Y<*rktown,
and, as was his duty, he seat, then to defend the
vulnerable points'of New:York and; Boston.
Now I wilt make a'remark which I -hope the
Senate will remember: Notwithstanding their
