185$.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£237
to make the statement to the House-—that for |
many years the Journal has not been read on the j
last day of tin - session. i
The "question was put on Mr. Clingmajj's !
motion; and, on a division, there were—ayes 91, {
not-s 28. ;
So (two thirds* having voted in favor thereof) '
the rules wore suspended, and the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickin-s, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had agreed to the report of its
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the Post Office appropri-
ation bill.
resignation of a member.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from William A. Richardson, a
member of the House from the State of Illinois,
notifying' him that lie had addressed a letter to
the Governor of Illinois, resigning his seat as a
member of this House, to take effect from the
25th instant.
new member.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Speaker, the Hon. Thomas
P. Akers, who has been elected a member of this
House fiom the State of Missouri, in the place
of Mr. Miller, who died since this House met
in December, is present. 1 hold in my hand the
certificate of his election, and I desire that the
oath be administered to him.
Mr. Akers advanced; and the Speaker admin-
istered to him the oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States. j
creek and seminole treaty. \
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis- |
souri [Mr. Phelps] asks the consent of the ;
House to take from the Speaker's table a Senate ;
bill for fulfilling the stipulations of the treaty j
with the Creek and Seminole Indians of the 16th |
of August, lS.r>6. |
Mr. ALLISON. I raise the point of order, j
that the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] !
cannot take the floor from my colleague, [Mr. .
Knigiit,] who was entitled to the floor on Sat- |
urday evening, on a motion to suspend the rules. j
He has the floor on that motion. j
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well j
taken; but the gentleman from Missouri a&ks the :
unanimous consent of the House. !
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
THOMAS H. RAIRD.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the motion of Mr. Knight to suspend the rules
for the purpose of having taken from the Speak-
er's table, and "considered at this time, Senate
bill (No. 438) from the Court of Claims for the ,
relief of Thomas H. Baif'd, on which the yeas j
and nays had been ordered. j
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury j
to pay to Thomas H. Baird, administrator of the ;
estate of Absalom Baird, deceased, a commis- ;
sioned surgeon in the army of the Revolution, j
£10,074 84, with interest from October, 180(3, to ;
June, with certain deductions. _ _ j
The question was taken; and it was decided in j
the affirmative—-yeas 1"23, nays 44-, as follows; i
VEAr> — Messrs.. AlhnsUt, Allixm, Raibour, Barclay, j
Bai k-d.ile, Bonbon, l]illnighur*t, Bishop, Bli-s, Bowie, ;
Bianeh, Brenton, Biooni, Butfintou, Cadwalader, James ;
H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, C\uuthers, Chatlee, |
Ezra CLuk, CIa\vM n, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cox, Cra- ■
gin. Cunthack, Dauirrli, Henry Winter Davis. Timothy j
iKivi?, Dean. Dickson, Dodd, DmlVe. Edie, EdmundKm, ;
Edward-, Emuc, Kthcridsje, Eustis, Fiairler, Floienee,
Fo^ei, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J l> Fallot. Guiding, ■
Gilbeit. Giantrer, Gteenwood. Harlan, J. >Joni<on Harris, ,
Harrison, Hav'-iu Heibert, Holiou'.iv. Thoina* K. Horton, j
Valentine B. Hoiton, Howaid, HujjhMon, Ks-Uey, Km?, (
Kuanp. Kuiffht, Kemvlron, knox, Kunkel, Lake, Mace, •
Maue-ou, >lcCan\. KUliaii MilU'r, Miliward, >Iooie,Mor- ,
gan,Momli, Mou.Muna}, Norton, Andiew Oliver,Parker, j
l'earce, Peiton, Pennm^on, IViry, Pettit, Pike, IViiigle, 1
Puiyear, Ready, Rieaud, Ritchie, R]veis,^a2;e, Sapp, .
Scott, Seward, Sherman, Simmoiw, Sneed, Man- |
ton, ^lephens Stranahan. Swop". Tappan, Thoinnztou, .
Todd, Tmifon, T>-on, Vad, Vaik, VVaiie, VValbiirige, :
Waldron, Cadwalader <,\ Vva-hhuine, Elhhu B VUudi-;
buuio, Israel Washburn, \\VI<h, Whitney, Williams,:
Woo,|, Woodruff, and VVoodwouh —1"23. !
NAYS — H^nvy Henii'-tt, Hendlev S. Bennett, i
Boyce, John P. Campbell, Cathie, Ca^kie, Chnjiman, j
Jloweli Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, fiaige, Davidson, ■
Denvei, Faulkner, Goode, Thomas L. Harris, Hickman,!
Hotfman, Houston. George W, Jonep, J. Olancy Jones, '
Kelly, Letcher, Lumpkin, Maxwell,McMuffin, McQueen,
MdKon, Nichols, Orr, Peck, Phelpe, Ruffm, Sandidsie,
Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stew-
a<t, Talbott, Taylor, Thurston, Ttippe, Wheeler, and Zol-
heotfer—44. ' ,
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
read a third time,
Mr. KNIGHT called the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was read the third time.
Mr. KNIGHT moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
- The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 64; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs Allison, Barbour, Barclay, Benson, BjI-
lmghuist, Biisliop, Bb-s, Bowie, Brad^haw, Brenton, Broom,
Butfimon, Cadwalader, Jaincr- II Campbell, Lewis l>.
Campbell, Chaffre, Lzra Clark, dawson, Comms Covode,
Ciagin, Cullen, Cnmbaek, Damreil, Henrj Winter Davis,
Timothy Davi^-, Djck, Dickson, Uurt'ee, I^Jte, Ed\vaidt>,
Etberulge, Flagler, Florence, Foster, Ileniy M- Fuller,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, (Jallowav. Robert B. Hall, J.Moirison
Harri.s, Harrison, Herbeit, Thomas It. Hort(m, V alentuie B.
Horton, Hovvitrd, lliiiih.-ton, Kel^ev, King, Knapp, Knight,
fCnowlton, KunkeJ, Lake, Leiter, Mace, KiJlian Miller,
Millward, Moote, Mornil, Molt, Murtay, Norton, Parker,
Pearee, Peiton, Peninngmii. Pem, Petm, Pikf, Pnngle,
Ready, Rioauri, Kirch)« , Rivers, Roberts, Sapp, Seott. Sher-
man, Simmons, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Stranaban,
Swop°, Tappan, Thorinsjlon, Thuii ton, Trafton, Trtppe,
Ty>on, Vail, Valk, Wade, Waldron, Walker, Cad waiader
C. VVrashburne, Ellihu B. Washbiirne, Welch, Williams,
Wood, Woodruff, Woodvvorth, and ZoUieoffer—IW.
NAVS—Me>srs. Aiken, Albright, P aiks(3aJe, HendleyS.
Bennett, Roeoek, Boyce, Brooks, Burnett, John P. Camp-
bell, Cai hie, Caiuthers, Ca*>kie, Chngman. Howell Cobb,
Wdiiamson R W. Cobb, Colta\, Craige, Davidson, Dean,
Dodd. DowdeJl, JidinuiuKon, Lmne. Ev.m>, Faulk-
n T, Ciidihngs, Goode, Greenwood, Harlan, Thomas L.
Harris, Haven, Hickman, Hollman, Houston, (Jeorjie W.
Jones, J. Glaney Jone^, Knox, Letehei. Liuupkm, Matte-
son, Max\v«*ll. McMullin, Me(iuefn, .Mili.-on, Motgan, Au-
di ew Oliver, On, Porter, liutfin. Sandidsre, Savage, Samuel
A Smith, William Smith, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor,Todd,
Underwood, Walbrnige, Israel Washburn, Wbeelei, Whit-
ney, and John V, Wright—64.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. KNIGHT moved to reconsider the tote
bv which the bill was passed, and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dicicin-s, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had agree'd to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on House bill (No. 901)
making appropriations for certain civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1857.
Also, that the Senate had passed House hill
(No. 215) to authorize the circuit court of the j
District of Columbia to decree the sale of real
estate m certain cases. j
ENROLLED BILLS. I
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled j
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act to regu- '
late the diplomatic and consular systems of the (
United States; when the Speaker signed the same, i
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled ;
Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill making !
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and >
judicial expenses of the Government for the ;
year ending June 30, 3357; when the Sneaker;
signed the same. ♦ '
"Mr. DAVIDSON, from tV Committee on !
Enrolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bilk ;
of the following Utks; when the Speaker signed ,
the same:
An act making appropriations for light-houses, ■
light-boats, buoys, &c., and^ providing for the (
erection and establishment of the same, and for j
other purposes; and
An act making appropriations for the transpor-
tation of the United States mail, hy oc -an steameis
and otherwise, during the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1^57.
EXTRA PAGE. j
Mr. BARKSDAXK asked the unanimous con- !
sent of the House to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the Hohcip of Representatives
be, and he m hereby, authorized to pay to William I?. Shver,
an e\tia page, The ?aim of two dollar's per day, frum tlie 9th
day of February until the close of Uie session, With the
usual extra eompfnsauon.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
Mr. BARKSDALlS moved to suspend the
rules.
The ^les were suspended, two thirds having
voted in favor thereof.
Mr. BARKSDALE moved the previous ques-
tion on the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the consent
of the gentleman from Mississippi to propose an
amendment to the resolution, that the Clerkshall
he directed to pay the extra compensation voted
the other day to the employes of the House pro
rata to those who were in the employ of the
House prior to the organization of the House at
the present session. 1 think it is but right, if this
extra compensation is to be paid, that those who
were in the employ of the House at the com-
mencement of the session should share in it in
proportion to the time for which they were em-
ployed.
Mr, BARKSDALE. I should be very glad to
accommodate my friend from Tennessee, but I
cannot yield for that purpose.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to bo put; and under the
operation thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BARKSDALE moved to reconsider the
vote adopting the resolution, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, informing the House that he
had, on this day, approved and signed bills and
joint resolutions originating in this House of the
'following titles:
An act to continue the land office at Vincennes,
Indiana, and to ascertain and adjust the titles to
certain lauds in the State of Indtanaatid Illinois,
formerly included within the Vincennes land dis-
trict;
An act for the relief of Larmne Kirby;
An act for the relief of John Poe, of Louisville,
Kentucky;
An act to establish certain post routes;
An act making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1857;
An act to extend the jurisdiction of the corpo-
ration of the city of Washington over the lower
Eastern Branch, or Navy-Yard bridge, and to
regulate travel on the upper Eastern Branch, or
Benning's bridge, and for other purposes;
An act making appropriations for fortification*
and other works of"defense, and tor repairs of
barracks and quarters, for the year ending 30th
of June,1857;
An act for the relief of Talbot C. Dousman;
An act for the relief of the representatives a,n:d-
sureties of Robert King;, deceased;
A joint i\ solution giwngan increased compen-
sation to all laborers in the employment of the
executive and legislative departments of the Gov-
ernment, in the city of Washington; and
A joint resolution for extending the time for the
creditors of Texas to present their claims.
ASSAULT UPON MR. GRANGER.
Mr. SIMMONS. I rise to what i suppose to
be a privileged question. I have just been in-
formed, that this morning, on the last day of the
session, a colleague of mine, the Hon. Mr. Gran-
ger, was assaulted in an omnibus on his way to
the Capitol
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to the gentleman
from New Yo k —and I know that he will not
object to what 1 am going to say — that he will
ailow a report to bo made from a committee of
conference on one of the appropriation bills which
is now ready to report. Let the busmes.- of the
House be transacted, and then let the gentleman
bring up his resolution.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 do not gi?e way I am
informed  *
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must state
