2238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 18,
■what is ' the proposition ha makes to the
UOUSG.
  Mr. SIMMONS. I wish first to state the facta.
Cannot I be allowed to state the facts upon my
honor as a member
The'SPEAKER. The gentleman can make no
statement. He must submit his proposition, and
the Chair will submit it to the House.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, sir, I submit the fol-
lowing resolution, and demand the previous ques-
tion upon it: #
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed to in-
vestigate tne alleged assault upon Hon. Amos P. Gkano&u,
a Representative from the State of New York, by Hon.
Fayrtte McMullin, a Representative from the State of
Virginia, on the morning of the 18th instant, and that they
report their action to this House on the second Monday
of December next.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. X submit the ques-
tion of order, that the resolution does not involve
a question of privilege. . .
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the resolution involves a question of privi-
lege. The question is upon the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. McMULLIN. I most respectfully ask
the unanimous adoption of the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Messrs.
Simmons, Smith of Virginia, Pettit, Edik, and
Fuller of Maine, to constitute such committee.
, ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled an
act making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1857; when the Speaker signed
the same.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL—REPORT OF
CONFERENCE COMMITTEE.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. The com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses, on House bill (No. 201) making
appropriations for certain civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1857,have met, and,after fall and free conference,
have agreed to recommend to their respective
Houses, as follows;
That the House of Representatives do concur in the sec-
ond amendment of the Senate, winch is as follows:
" Insert after the word < nppiove'm the following:
" That the sum of $200,000 be, anil tlie*.une i-t hereby, ap-
propriated, to enable tiio President to proeine anil pav tor a
Rite for a building for the accommodation of the United States
courts in the city of Kaltitnore, and to eieet thereon a liie-
prool bmlding lor such purpose, on such plan as the Pi evident
nitty approve: Provided, That no part of Hie money shall bo
applied for the erection o( muoIi l>uddm  till a ennttaet
shall be concluded with responsible parties, with detailed
plans and otunateh, to erect and complete said building,
according to such plan and estimate-*, and to deliver the
same to Hie United States for or within the sum above ap-
propriated, after paying thereout for the land eoutiaeted tor
by the President, under the authority of law, f«r the site of
Much building"—
These words:
"And the further sum of $907,000, to enable the Presi-
dent to purchase the lot, and repair the building thereon,
conditionally purchased by him of the Merchants' Exchange
« company, tor a post office, tn the said eity of Ihililmore."
With the following amendment:
Strikeout the Senate's amendment, and in lieu thereof
Insert the following:
And the turthei suin of $H00,000, or so much thereof a3
may be necessary, (oj a po,-a olfiee in the <-j d city; and the
President is hereby authorized to lei.onsider the conditional
contract heretofore made by him with the Merchants.' Kv-
ehange Company, and to appoint a fommi^ioner, to whom,
together with another eommi Mmier to be appointed by
the Mayor of Ihiltnnoie, he <hall lefer the que-tion of the
selection of a sit**, or site and building, tor said post olheo ;
and, if said commissioner-? disagree, they^hull choose a
third ; and the said commissioner shall make their decision
and submit the panic to the President for Ins appioval; and
if the President approve their selection, hi-, approval shall
be final; and, if he disapprove their selection, the whole
subject shall be leferred by hmi to Congress at then next
session.
That the House do concur in the nineteenth
amendment of the Senate, with an amendment:
Strike out the Senate amendment: " For continuing
the construction of the Washington aqueduct, §500,000;"
and insert m heu thereof the lollowmg:
For paying existing liabilities for the Washington aque-
duct, and preserving the work already done fiom injury,
such sum of money as shah be necessary, not exceeding
§250,000.
That the House do concur in the twentyneev-
enth amendment of the Senate, with an amend-
ment:
Strike out" thousands," and insert" hundredsso that
the paragraph will read:
For enlarging and shelving the law library room, and a
new carpet, and other furniture for the same, $400.
That the House do concur in the forty-sixth
amendment of.the Senate, which is as follows:
For additional compensation and mileage of members of
the House of Representatives, and Delegates from Terri-
tories for the present Congress, $773,43*2;
With an amendment to add the following:
And to enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives
to pay the additional compensation to its employes, and
others, authorized by the resolution of the House of August
15, 1856, a sum sufficient for that purpose is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, and is hereby added to the contingent fund of^
the House of Representatives.
That the House do concur in the forty-seventh
amendment of the Senate, which is in these
words:
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, in the office of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall be authorized to take nine clerks
of class three, in charge of branches of service, and put
them in class four; and, in addition to those now allowed
by law, the Postinaster'General shall be authorized to em-
ploy four clerks of class one; and the sum of $6,600 is
hereby appropuated out of any money m the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to pay such increased coinpensa-
tionxan<l the clerks thus authorized, including arrears now
due to temporary clerks, to the 30th of June, 1857;
With the following amendments:
Strike out from the words, " And be it further enficted,
That,*' to the words, " in class four andand strike out
" $3,600," and in lieu thereof insert " $4,800."
That the House do concur in the fifty-first
amendment of the Senate, which is as follows:
Sec. 8. tflndbe it further enuctcd, That the Secretary of
War is hereby authorized and directed to pay, to the hold-
ers of the vvai bonds of California, the amount of money
appropriated by an act of Congress, appiovcd Augusta, 18.34,
m payment o/ " expense* mcuired and now actually paid by
the State of Calitointa, m the suppiession of Indian hostili-
ties within the said State prior to the 1st day of January, anno
Domini 1834," to wit: the sum of $y:H,2.>9 6.">, under the
following restrictions and regulations : Any and alt of said
bonds, prior to their redemption by the Secretary of War,
shall be presented by the holders thereof to the commis-
sioners appointed by the State of California, under an act
of the Legislature of said State, entitled "An act concern-
ing the war debt of this State, and piovidmg for the i ademp-
tion thereof," approved April 10, 1850, who shall compute
the amount due upon each bond on the i20th day of Decem-
ber, 1853, and liuloise tlieieon the amount vo found by them
to be due ; they shall also certify, by their mdoiseinent on
each bond, its genuineness. Upon piesentation to the Sec-
retary of War of any bond, or bonds, thus indorsed, it shall
be his duty to draw his warrant in favor of the holder or
holders thereof, for the amount indorsed thereon as due by
said commissioners, upon the Secretary of the Treasuiy,
who is hereby dnected to pay the same: Provided, That said
payments shall not, m the aggregate, exceed the amount
of money nppiopiiated by act of Congress approved August
5, IK>4 : sind proruied further, That no payments shall be
made except upon sm h of the afoiesaid bonds as are certi-
fied and dnceted to bo paid by the  aid commissioners of
the State of California, by an older in writing upon the Sec-
retary of War. Said bonds, after the payments .is above set
forth shall have been made, .shall bo returned by the S<*cre-
taiy of War to said commissioners, who shall leeeipt to him
for the same:
With an amendment to strike out in the Senate
amendment all after the word " bonds" where it
first occurs, and insert,in lieu thereof, the follow-
ing:
Of the State of California the amount 01 money appio-
priatcil by act or Congiess, approved Way ■ >, ]8j4, 111 pay-
ment of expenses incurred, and now actually paid bv the
State of California, for the suppression of Indian hostilities
within the saulState, puorto the first day of January, anno
Donnni 1851, under the following iestnetions and lobula-
tions Hefoio any bonds shall be ledeemed by the .Secre-
tary of War. they shall be presented to the boaid of com-
missioners appointed by tin' hegi-latme ot said State, by
an act approved April ID, 18.36, and the amount due and j
payable upon each bond be mdoised thereon by said com-
nussioneis. Upon presentation to the Secretary of War
of any bond or bonds thus indorsed, it shall be his duty to
draw'his win ant in tavor of the hohie; or holders thereof,
for the amount certified to be due upon tie'same: Provided,
That said amounts in the abrogate shall not exceed the
amount of money appiopuated bv act of Comrn -s, approved
August 5, 1851. Said bonds, aftet redemption, and after
taking otf the coupons that may remain unpaid, shall be de-
livered to the Secretary of War to be canceled.
Mr. Speaker, that proviso limits the amounts
of appropriation to the amount appropriated by
the act of August, 1854. It does not provide for
the payment of any interest. It only provides
for the payment of these bonds under the act of
the California Legislature—the commissioners of
that State to certify to the genuineness of the
bonds. The appropriation is limited to the
amount of the appropriation made in 1854.
Mr. ORR. Suppose the appropriation is in-
sufficient to pay the bonds ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then the Government of
the United States is not liable to pay an additional
dollar. There is no assumption in this amend-
ment of any amount exceeding that formerly ap-
propriated, #924,000.
Mr. ORR. I hope the reporters will be partic-
ular to take down that remark.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The committee also rec-
ommend that the House do concur in the fifty-
seventh amendment of the Senate, with an
amendment, as follows:
After the word " commission," in line twelve of said
amendment, insert the words, " of three."
This amendment limits to three, the number of
commissioners to ascertain the expenses incurred
by the Territory of Oregon in the suppression of
Indian hostilities.
That the House concur in the sixty-third
amendment of the Senate, with an amendment,
as follows:
Strike out the words, "whenever it shall exceed," in
lines seven and eight in said amendment, and insert the
word "exceeding."
This is a mere verbal amendment, designed to
make good English in the clause in reference to
paying fur the publication of the Congressional
Globe.
That the Senate do recede from the following
amendments:
Twenty-fourth amendment, making an appro-
priation of |15,000 for printing the works of
General Greene.
Twenty-sixth amendment, which makes an
appropriation of $10,000 for the Washington In-
firmary, thus reducing the appropriation to its
original amount, §3,000.
Thirtieth amendment, appropriating §2,500 for
lighting Georgetown with gas.
Thirty-second amendment, appropriating $600
for pay of messenger in IVavy Department. That
is provided for in the joint resolution for pay of
messengers and laborers.
Thirty-eighth, thirty-ninth, and fortieth amend-
ments, in reference to the purchase of Audubon'a
Birds of America, and Quadrupeds of North
America, for presentation to foreign Govern-
ments. The Senate receding from these amend-
ments : c.'storcs the original number—one hundred
each — of those works.
Forty-third amendment, appropriating §590 to
pay to "P. .La Fontaine, of the Miami tribe of In-
dians, under an award of commissioners on
claims against that tribe of Indians.
Forty-fourth amendment, which appropriates
#100,000 to carry into effect an agreement of
Samuel Harney with certain bands of Sioux In-
dians.
Fifty-second amendment, • providing for a
survey for a ship canal across, the Isthmus of
Darien.
Fifty-fifth amendment, appropriating $10,000
for repanmg capitol buildings in Nebraska.
Fifty-sixth amendment, providing for a contin-
uation of the compilation and publication of the
"American State Papers."
Sixtieth amendment, providing for the appoint-
ment of an agent to enroll Cherokees east of the
Mississippi river.
The committee recommend that the House
concur in the following amendments of tha
Senate:
Third amendment, which is a mere verbal one,
in connection with the Baltimore city post office
—substituting " buildings" for " building."
I^ifth amendment, appropriating §86,000 for
completing marine hospital at Cincinnati.
Sixth amendment, appropriating $13,401 30
for improving battery and streets around the post
office and custom-house at San Francisco.
,, Thirteenth amendment, changing the rate of
j! pay of oflicers of the exploring expedition to the
i| China seas and Behring's Straits,
ii Twenty-fifth amendment, which appropriates
§10,494 40 for restoring the plates of the Japan
exploring expedition, destroyed by fire at Phila-
delphia on the 11th of April last.
Twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth amendments,
i extending the streets in Washington to be lighted
! with gas.
I Thirty-first amendment, appropriating §6,000
j for constructing culvert over Tiber creek, on In-
! diana avenue.
! Thirty-third amendment, providing for plans,
