1384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
when he came in, he thought Mr, Sumner could
go. I recollect very well saying to Dr. Boyle, that
as strong as I was myself, I could not go there
without being more or less excited, and, of course,
if I could not go without being excited, it would
be impossible for Mr. Sumner to go without ex-
citement. The doctor agreed with me. I said I
did not want Mr. Sumner to refuse to go to court, !
unless the doctor would say he did not think it !
best. He agreed with me, and said he would f
state to the court he did not think it prudent for i
Mr. Sumner to appear that day. 1
Question, (by Mr. Pennington-.) Did you hear j
Dr. Boyle say anything about the character of j
the wounds, and the hazard of life? i
Answer. I have already stated, that he said j
he could not tell the extent of the injuries. The |
only danger he feared was, that erysipelas would ,
set in in consequence of fever, and he wanted Mr. •
Sumner to keep perfectly quiet. He nlso re- ^
marked, that they were the4 worst wounds of the 1
kind he had ever seen. He said, that if lie had i
not known the fact, he would have sworn that j
they were not inflicted with a cane; lie should ;
have supposed that they were inlhcted with a |
brick, or something of that kind. ;
Question. Did he say anything of what would •
have been the effect of such a blow on other per- '
sons? :
Answer. Pie remarked to Mr. Thnyer, who '
was in the opposite room, that such a blow in- j
/licted on a weak man would have stunned him; j
he would not have been able to lise after the first ,
blow; butthatMr. Sumner having so much vigor, ;
being in so good health, and such a strong man, j
was better able to withstand them, but he was '
paralyzed from the effects of the first blow. He '
remarked, that such a person as Air. Sumner or
himself, or myself, might have been able to rise '
from such a..blow, but that a weak man would i
not have been. At the time of this occurrence, I !
did not think of being called before the commit- j
tee, and did not chaige my mind with what oc- i
curred, but the facts I have slated i remember >
distinctly. As I have, refinred to Mr. Riv-ts, I
ought, perhaps, in justice to ail (he putties, to
Ktote all the facts in idem ice to the com < jvm bon.
Mr.Ricaud, of Mary land, was present, and stated,
emphatically, that such a thing cooid not be
countenanced, and ought to he put down. 1 ,
merely state this in justice to Mr. Rivers.
Dr. M. S. Perry, sworn:
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) Are you a phy- ;
sician ? * j
*Answer. Yes, sir. !
Question. Of how many years* practice ? !
Answer. T\venty-fi\e. i
Question. Do you know anything with regard :
to this assault3 Did you witness it5
•Answer. No, sir; i did not see Air. Sumner
until Sunday. I arrived m the city Satuuby
evening; saw him Sunday morning. ;
Question. Did you examine his wounds 2 j
•Answer. Yes, sir. i
Question. Stare, if you please, the character of
his wounds, and the number.
Answer. I did not examine them very critically. 1
I did examine the wounds upon the back of hi-? !
head. There were two cuts upon the back pan;
one upon the right of the median line, and one
upon the left; the one upon the left was about ,
two inches in length. Apparently, at the time,
they were doing very well; 1 did not disturb th^m.
Upon the right side of the hend was a pulpy
feeling, which I disliked. The wound upon the
left side had healed, or nearly so, vhen I JirM saw
it; in the one on the right side there was perhaps
an inch, or three quarters of an inch, which h.id 1
not adhered. He had some bruises about him—
one upon the left hand, where the blood had set-
tled under the skin; he also has a slight one upon
the right hand. These were the only bruises I
saw. I did not examine his body.
Question. Did you regard those wounds as en-
dangering the life of Mr. Sumner ?
Ans:vft\ I did not suppose, at the time, tlmy
would endanger his life, and 1 do not think now
there is much danger. Up to yesterday he ap-
peared very comfortable. Still his nervous sys-
tem has received such a shock that i told him
he should be very careful, or reaction would come
on. I did not consider, and 1 so told him, that
he had then come to the crisis. Yesterday after-
onon I fcaw him. H« tlieii had a very hot skin—
was in a very excitable condition. His pulse
was over ninety—quite full; a very different state
of tilings from what he had had before. I told
him then that reaction was coming on, and that
he would be able to find out something by to-day.
Last night he had a very uncomfortable night—
great pain m the back of his head especially.
The glands on the back of his neck werobegin-
ning to swell. He was quite feverish through
the night. This morning they sentfor me, and I
met his physician. I didnot consider myself as his
physician,and therefore did notprescribe. I met
nis physician: we saw that suppuration had taken
place in the wounds on the right side of his head.
The wound had nearly closed over The physi-
cian had the night before applied collodion, which
prevented the escapc of pus. His head was
hot; his pulse one hundred and four He was
very nervous and excited. We opened the wound,
and there was about a table-spoonfull of pus dis-
charged, which had gathered under the scalp.
Of course, he was very much relieved from the
extreme suffering he had had during the night.
What the result of this state of things will be it
is impossible forme to say; but I tlunk he is not
out of danger. 1 think now the ease is at the
critical period.
Question. Was there any fever before yester-
day ?
Answer. Not when 1 have seen him. My own
impression was that fever would not ensue if he
could be kept perfectly quiet, but his nervous
system had received such a shock from excite-
ment and from the wounds that he was in a criti-
cal condition. There had been up to this time
very little leaction, but now he is beginning to
feel the result of it. His whole system is m a state
of excitement.
Question. State whether you regard the treat-
ment of his physician as proper?
[Air. Campbell here stated that he asked this
question at Dr. Boyle's request.]
Answer. I have not seen anything that, was not
perfectly proper. 1 tlunk the fe\er now is the
result of local inflammation. The collodion closed
over the wound, and prevented any discharge of
pus. I h;>\c se' n nothing myself which 1 do not
i'" ;ud perict'tly professional. I had not seen Dr.
Bo\ le Mini this morning. 1 did not consider the
easi. as one ui winch I was called upon to inter-
ten* protessiosi.illy. '1 was here merely as a per-
sonal friend of Air. Sumner, and did not come
as his phy-ueian. When 1 met Dr. Boyle this
morning, and heard his reasons for acting, (came
to the conclusion that everything m the manage-
ment of the ease was entirely professional.
Question. State whether wounds such as you
saw upon Air. Sumner's head, math; with a stick
three quarters of an inch m diameter, the ordi-
nary length of a walking stick, would be calcu-
lated to produce death?
Answer. Any blow received upon the head with
a stick of this kind, which would produce insen-
sibility, is always productive of danger.
Question. Cave your opinion as to what would
have probably been the lcsult had his wounds
from these blows been inflicted lower down upon
the side of the head, instead of the back'
Ansiri r. If the blows root ived had been inflicted
upon any portion of the head where the bone is
thinner, of course the danger would have been
increased. Any blow received upon any part of
the head with sufficient force to cut through the
scalp down to the bone, I must say, would be
attended with a great deal of dangei to life, not
only by producing concussion of the brain, but
erysipelas might be very likely to follow from
ihe external. I think that is the danger now.
Erysipelas very often causes death, but perhaps
it will not rt suit m that way m this case. Per-
haps it may result favorably.
Question, (by Mr. Pexxin'gtox.) From the
first moment you saw Mr. Sumner, has he been
m a condition that you, as his physician, would
lccommnid him to go out?
Answer. He has been m that condition that I
told lnm, and told his brother, it would not be
safe to go through the excitement of any exposure
of any kind. 1 consider it very important that
he should be kept quiet.
_ Question. From your knowledge of the wounds
inflicted has there been any time when it would
have been prudent and proper for him to leave his
lodgings >
•Answer. No, sir.
Question. Would notthe danger of doing so be
imminent in his critical condition?
Answer. I think so. That is the opinion I have
given to him from the time 1 first saw him.
Question. With a cane of the specific gravity
of this suck, (producing a hickory cane,*) would
blows indiscriminately dcalt'about the head of a
person be safe against death ?
Answer. Such blows would certainly endanger
the life of the subject.
Question. At what time did you first see these
wounds?
Answer. Sunday morning.
Dr. Cornelius Boyle—recalled.
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) Has there
been any change in the condition of Air. Sumner
since you testified before the committee yester-
day ?
Answer. Yes, sir. I was called this morning
at about half past nine o'clock, to meet Dr. Perry
in consultation. This is the first time I have met
any medical gentleman there. When I visited
! Mr. Sumner 1 found him excited and feverish,
his pulse about a hundred; at one time it was a
hundred and three, and at another ninety-eight,
so that it would average about a hundred. It was
caused, in my opinion, by the closing of the
wound, by the application of liquid cuticle, (a
solution of gun cotton and chloroform,) which I
applied to the wound yesterday. It closed up the
wound, and prevented the flowing of the pus,
which, of course, caused him to be excited and
restless. 1 opened the wound this morning, and
he was immediately relieved; and he has felt a
good deal better ever since. I am poulticing it
now. We have given him no medicine up to to-
day, with the exception of Congress water. We
have to-day ordered five grains of Dover's pow-
ders every three hours, just to allay the excite-
ment.
Hon. Alfred Iverson, sworn:
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) What do you
know of the facts connected with the assault
alleged to have been committed on Air. Sumner
in the Senate Chamber by the Hon. Air. Biooks,
of South Carolina, on 22d May, 1856?
Answer. After the adjournment of the Senate,
I remained in my seat, just at the right of the
Vice President's chair, the second seat nearest to
the area, from the Vice President's chair. I re-
mained there reading some communications, when
I heard a blow, which, I suppose, was the first
blow that was struck. I heard a scuffle, and some
disturbance, perhaps the overturning of Air. Sum-
nei 's> desk, which I afterwards sa\v was over-
turned. 1 rose up and looked on from that time
until the end of the difficulty. I think I saw the
whole of the balance of it. I remained at my
seat until just at the close of it. I did not move
from my seat,'but looked on tolerably deliber-
ately. After I heard the first blow and the scuffle,
1 looked up and saw what I suppose to have been
the second, blow. Then Air. Sumner and Mr.
Brooks were both standing erect. Air. Brooks
was striking, and Mr. Sumner, as t thought, was
striving to grasp Air, Brooks. The second blow,
or the rirst I saw, struck him over the head. The
contest was carried on; at one moment Air. Sum-
ner seemed to be pressing towards Air. Brooks
as if to grasp him; then Mr. Brooks would recede
backward, and strike him over the head. At
another moment, Mr. Sumner would change his
position, and seem to be attempting to dodge the
blows, or bending down somewhat sideways.
Then Air. Brooks would strike him again: then
Air. Sumner would seem to throw up his hands
as if to ward off the blows, and kept moi ing grad-
ually down towards the aisle. His position was
changed several times, until at the conclusion Air,
Sumner got fully into the middle of the aisle.
Finally, both of them got into the aisle leading
from the Vice President's chair to the mam en-
trance, and near the door. The last blow struck
by Air. Brooks was over the head, and the stick
shivered. Immediately after that some one seized
Air. Sumner by the lappcl of his coat. I thought
at the time that it was Air. Brooks, but would
not be ccrtain that it was Air. Brooks; somebody
did, and jerked him backwards, and he fell on
his stern, leaning with his head and shoul-
ders up against the legs of a desk. I thought
that it was Mr. Brooks who took him by the
lappel of his coat, but it may have been some
