038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
indelible records ? And shall he who bravely
encountered the elements in the cause of benev-
olence and science, to the imminent hazard of life,
be less cherished? So much Dr. XCane has done
aiid' endured.
Some of the ancients, wo read, honored civil-
ians as well as soldiers; and surely in no age,
ancient or modern, should the daring navigator
and discoverer command less of his country's
- admiration and. bounty. The brave man who
plants the flag of his country in the enemy's camp
is worthy of distinction, but not more so thanhe
Who extends the limits of civilization and human
knowledge, at the risk of life and the loss of
health and comfort. The most desperate in battle
dp not evince a higher degree of true couragc.
Whosoever compares the present map of the
world, with physical geography as known to the
ancients, will be prepared to appreciate the value
of discoveries, and the merits of those who have
Ktlded so much to our knowledge of the forma-
tion of the globe on which we live—a knowledge
illustrative of all our accepted theories of the
wonderful structure of the universe—of astronomy
and geography; all tendingto the ends of civili-
zation and Christianity. vVhoever attempts to ,
gather up and contemplate the boundless and bnl- ]
Rant achievements of navigators, from the days
ofScylax,theGreek,fivc hundred and twenty-fwo
years before the Christian era, down to Tudda,
the Jew, may find it difficult to determine exactly
what navigators arid explorers did accomplish in
that age of the world. But beginning with Paul,
the Italian, in 1296, and tracing the achievements
of Mandeville, of Cadamostd, of Columbus, of
Vespucci, of Magellan, of Cabot, of Cavendish,
of Sir Francis Drake, of Walter Raleigh, of Cap-,
tain Cooke, and others, in past centuries, and j
those of Humboldt, of Franklin, of Ross, of Rich- i
ardson, of Parry, of McClure, of Kane, and |
others of the nineteenth century, will be justly j
impressed with the invaluable services this class
of scientific and devoted men have rendered to
their fellow-men; how much they have contrib-
uted to the ends of civilization—to the purposes
of human knowledge, and of their genuine merits
as a class. They are entitled to the gratitude and
admiration of the whole human race, and will be
to the end of time.
If it bo objected that this is the purchase of a
book, my answer is, that Congress has frequently
purchased similar books, und" that had Dr. Kane
submitted a detailed report, it would have been
printed without objection, and cost the Govern-
ment double or treble the aggregate amount of
all the books the doctor's fiiendsdesire Congress
to take. The Government of Great Britain has
expended millions to accomplish what Kane has
achieved, and would give millions to morrow, i
doubt not, to have his discoveries accredited to a
subject of that Government. ' And shall wo hes-
itate, sir, to take a few thousand books as a token
of national respect for the expedition and its
loader? Other explorers have been the recipi-
ents of direct reward, and other reports have been j
published at the cost uf vast sums, Hat the ;
doctor's friends are not willing to place1 luni in a i
position so repugnant to his own feelings. Pei- ]
naps Congress has gone too far in this way; but, j
eir, this case of Dr. Kane may safely be made an
exception to any general rule. It is in this spirit j
that 1 shall go for the purchase. Parallel cases |
will seldom occur. Many a session will come j
and go, Mr. President, before another American
citizen, m the capacity of an explorer, will !
achieve so much or attract so large a share of the
world's admiration and gratitude. j
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, with no view, !j
or desire, or intention of prolonging the debate on -
the subject of the resolution which the honorable !
Senator from Pennsylvania has submitted, I will
ask him to accept tins resolution m lieu of his 1
own; and then I shall ask the Senate to let the
subject he over until another day: ij
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be in- 'j
stxucted to purchase, foi tin; use of tiie Senate, ibn thou- j|
sand eopic-> or' iir. Kaue'.s Nairativc of Inflate expedition I
to the Arctic region^, fiom Messrs. Ohilds & Peterson: j
Provided, The price shaiinot exceed five dollais per copj, j
Mr. BXGLER. I accept that amendment. ;
Mr. SEWARD. I move to postpone the sub- 1
ject until to-morrow. I
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to suggest to my 1
honorable colleague, who has accepted the modi- ;
fication proposed by the Senator from New York,
an amendment to the resolution to enlarge the
scopo of the inquiry. I desire to have it read for
the information of the Senate; and I have no
doubt it will commend itself to the favorable con-
sideration of my colleague, and that lie will ac-
cept it.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment,
as follows:
Provided, That if the said committee should be of opin-
ion, upon thorough examination, that the said Dr. Kane
has gieatly aided the cause of science, and imparled in-
formation useful to his Government and countiy, and should
deem it inexpedient to agiee to purchase a book not offi-
cially made, and not yet published ; that then, and in that
ease, the said committee leport a bill authorizing the pay-
ment of $10,000 or ^20,000 to the said Dr. Kane, or such
sum as they may think right or proper.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I concur
in the eloquent remarks which my honorable
colleague has made respecting the merits of Dr.
Kane. I had occasion to do the same thing, al-
though not in such eloquent terms, when I brought
forward, a year or two ago, the bill providing
for the rescue of his expedition. But, sir, the
official report of Dr. Kane is not yet made. The
book proposed to be published contains his per-
sonal narrative and Ins speculations, I presume,
respecting the formation of the Arctic regions. It
may turn out, however, that the committee may
find, on inquiry, that it is inexpedient to purchase
$50,000 worth of the book for the Senate, and
$50,000 worth for the House, and that it would
be preferable to pay Dr. Kane at once from the
Treasury, as we paid Commodore Perry for his
services in Japan, §10,000, or $20,000, or $55,000.
I will go for the largest sum. That would be a
saving of §>SO,000. 1 am rather inclined to think
that this would be the host way of complimenting
Dr. Kane. It would leave the book publishers to
proceed on their own account. I mean no disre-
spect to the book publishers of Philadelphia, for
1 believe they are the best in the United States;
but I do entertain some doubt as to the propriety
of going into partnership with individuals in pub-
lishing any book, however meritorious, which has
not yet been examined by an oificer of the Gov-
ernment. The report which the Secretary of the
Navy so well commends to the consideration of
Congress has not yet been made. I therefore
suggest to my honorable colleague the propriety
of enlarging the scope of the inquiry in the way
J. have suggested.
Mr. BXGLER. It is but justice to Dr. Kane,
that 1 should say that, so far as I understand his
feelings, he is unwilling to come before Congress
in the position of one asking forpecumary reward.
Ho is exceedingly sensitive on that point; and is,
as you are aware, sir, anxious that no movement
on the part of his friends should hear that con-
struction. But, that Dr. Kane, like any other
eminent scientific man whose labors have attracted
attention throughout the whole country, should
be solicitous to receive some recognition at the
hands of Congress, is very proper. I am not
willing to accept the suggestion of my colleague;
X prefer that the proposition shall rest where 1
presented it. IVIy proposition is not with a view
of rewarding Dr. Kane directly; although it is
true that it is to his interest that the publishers
should succeed with the work; but he would have
no act of Congress looking to his pecuniary re-
ward ; yet a recognition of a service on the part
of an American citizen which has commanded
the respect and attention of the Royal Geograph-
ical Society of England, with no particular preju-
dices in favor of our people, must be desirable to
Dr. Kane, as it is to ins friends. As I have said, ■
1 believe the influence of such a recognition would
be most salutary. It is that kind of stimulont !
which leads to the exercise of the best talent of |
the country m any and every capacity. It is that i
kind of recognition of the daring men who have !
distinguished themselves oxi the lield of battle, I
which has added so much to the glory of our !
country and to the interest of our history. It is
with this view that the friends of Dr. Kane desire
thatCongress may take a few copies of this book.
It will be, I venture to sav, oneof the most inter-
esting of the kind that has ever been presented to
the country, and one which some of my constitu-
ents, who know most about it, are exceedingly
anxious to obtain.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I am sorry
to differ with my honorable colleague, because we
are both aiming at the same thing. We both de-
sire to obtain a recognition on the part of Congress
of the valuable services of a fellow-citizen of ours.
I propose to do it in the same way in which we
recognized the services of Lafayette; the same way
in which we recognized the services of Commo-
dore Perry, who opened Japan to our commerce;
the same way in which we have recognized the'
services of other eminent men. My honorable
colleague proposes that the services of Dr. Kane
shall be recognized by going into a partnership'
with a book-publishing firm in Philadelphia in
publishing the narrative of his Expedition. He
{proposes to aid Dr. Kane in that way. i am in-
clined to the opinion (though I advance it with
great deference) that it would be more compli-
mentary to Dr. Kane to pay him a sum of money
at once from the Treasury. I know such a i*cc-
ognition would not be at his solicitation; but Com-'
modore Perry did not solicit the honor of a like
character which he received. I know Dr. Kano
does not solicit the mode of recognition which I
propose; but, if he is to be complimented, I wish
it to be done in the usual way.
But, sir, I perceive that the morning hour is
fast being consumed, and several gentlemen about
me are impatient to make reports. I know it is
their right to have the floor at this time, or I
should proceed further.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] to postpone the consideration of the
resolutions and the amendments proposed until
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill making
a grant of land to the State of Mississippi, to aid
in the construction of the Ship Island railroad in
that State; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on iJubhc Lands.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(H. R. No. 156) to define the jurisdiction of the
district and circuit courts of the United States for
the district of east Tennessee, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred House bill (No. 68)
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1856, reported it back with sundry amend-
ments.
DISTRICT COURT AT -WYTHEVILLE.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask leave, on the part of
the Committee on the Judiciary, to report a bill
(S. No. 156) changing the time of holding the dis-
trict court of the United States at Wytheville, in
the western district of Virginia. It is impoi tant
that the bill should be passed now, so that pro-
cusses may issue in time to be returnable to the
term provided for in the bill; and therefore I hope
that it may be put on its passage at once.
The bill was read a first and second time by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that the district
court of the United States required by law to be
holden at Wytheville, in the western district of
Virginia, shall hereafter commence its session on
the first Monday of June and November in each
year, instead of the time now fixed by law; and
that all actions, suits, recognizances,"processes,
writs, and proceedings now pending, or which
may be pending in that court,returnable thereto,
shall be proceeded with as if the time of holding
the sessions were not altered.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reaping, read the third time, and passed.
^ REPORT ON KANSAS .AFFAIRS.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, the Com-
mitiee on Territories, to whom was referred so
much of the annual message of the President of
the United States as relates to territorial affairs,
together with the special message of the 24th of
January, 1856, in regard to Kansas Territory,
and the message of the 18th of February, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate, of the 4th
