628
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 12,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Mr. Brooks and Mr. Sumner—Mr. Butler.
Senate.
relative numbers compared with the pay list of
New England, you may take the fighting days—
if you have a mind to compute it as you would i
labor—you may take the fighting days during
which the troops of South Carolina were engaged,
and in the computation the balance will be found
greatly against Massachusetts. If you have a
mind to draw some other test—if you wish to >
test the question of sacrifice, and measure it by \
blood, South Carolina has poured out hogsheads
of blood where gallons have been poured out by
Massachusetts.
In proof of this I give a list of battles fought
in South Carolina, and each was a bloody battle:
Battle of Fort Moultrie.
Battle of Stono.
Siege of Charleston.
Battle of Camden
Battle of Hanging Rock.
Battle of Musgrove's Mill.
Battle of Blackstocka.
Battle of Georgetown, and the battle at Black
"VVings; by Marion.
Battle of King's Mountain.
Battle of Cowpens.
Battle of Fish Dam Ford; by Sumpter.
Battle at Ninety-six.
Battle at Fort Galphin.
Battle at Fort Watson.
Battle at Fort Mott.
Battle at Hobkirk's Hill.
Battle of Granby.
Battle of Cedar Spring.
Battle of Hammond's Store.
Battle of duinby.
Battle of Eutaw.
Battle of Rocky Mount.
Battle of Port Royal.
Battle of Tulafinny.
Battle of Coosahatchie.
Battle of Waxham settlement, between Beau-
foi t and Tarleton.
Battle of Cloud's Creek.
Battle at Hays's station.
Bloody battle of Kettle Creek ; fought by Gen-
eral Pickens.
Battle of Houck's defeat.
These were all fought in South Carolina, and
in which South Carolinians were engaged, and
were bloody battles. In addition there were al-
' most daily skirmishes fought by Marion and
Sumpter. •
ButI do not blame Massachusetts, for I have said
she had glory enough, and she was covered with
glory enough by taking the bold stand which she
did inputting the ball of revolution in motion; but,
when the Senator undertakes to cast reproaches
on the history of South Carolina, he will have to
take hard comparisons. She got bread from her
comrade. The man who now reproaches South
Carolina, as I said a little while ago, is a degen-
erate son reproaching the dearest and nearest
comrade of his mother. You cannot get over the
errors he has committed in history; you cannot
obviate the malignity with which the arrow has
been shot. Whether he shot it with the reckless
aim of one who had his hand upon the bow, and
directed the shaft conscious that it had been dipped
in the poison of bthers, I know not; but I have
unmasked him; I have detected and exposed the
man who charges me with error, and such a pro-
clivity to ferror that I cannot observe the line of
truth without such deviations as to bring on me
the censure, not of one intentionally guilty of
falsehood, but one who, under the gust and whirl-
. wind of passion, cannot observe the line of truth.
I have detected him; I have exposed him; and
now I demand of the Senate a verdict of guilty.
I pause, sir.
But now, since he has given his testimony, I
will ask that the testimony of another man may
be read—the opinion of Daniel Webster with re-
gard to the revolutionary history of South Caro-
lina and Massachusetts.
The Secretary read the following extract from
Mr. Webster's reply to Mr. Hayne, delivered
January 21, 1830:
" Then, sir, the gentleman has no fault to find with these
recently-promulgated South Carolina opinions. And, cer-
tainly, he need have none; for his own sentiments, as now
advanced, and advanced on reflection—as far as I have
been able to comprehend them—go the full length of all
these opinions. I propose, sir, to say something on these,
| and to consider how far they are just and constitutional.
I Before doing that, however, let me observe, that the eulo-
gium pronounced on the character of the State of South
, Carolina, by the honorablegentlemau,forherrevolutionary
I and other merits, meets my hearty concurrence. I shall
| not acknowledge that the honorable member goes before
| me in regard for whatever of distinguished talent, or dis-
tinguished character, South Carolina has produced. I
, claim part of the honor—I partake in the pride, of her great
names. I claim them for countrymen—jone and all. The
Laurenses, the Rutledge3, the Pinckncys, the Sumpters,
' the Marions—Americans all—whose fame is no more to be
j hemmed in by State lines than their talents and patriotism
were capable of being circumscribed within the same nar-
row limits. In their day and generation they served and
honored the country, and the whole country; and their
renown is of the treasures of the whole country. Him,
whose honored name the gentleman himself bears—-does he
esteem me less capable of gratitude for his patriotism, or
sympathy for his sufferings, than if his eyes had first opened
upon the light of Massachusetts, instead of South Carolina?
Sir, does he suppose it in his power to exhibit a Carolina
name so bright as to produce envy in my boson) ? No, sir,
increased gratification and delight, rather. X thank God
that, if I am gifted with little of the spirit which is able to
raise mortals to the skies, I have yet none, as I trust, of that
other spirit which would drag angels down. When I shall
be found, sir, in my place here, in the Senate, or elsewhere,
to sneer at public merit, because it happens to spring up
beyond the little limits of my own State or neighborhood ;
when I refuse, for any such cause, or for any cause, the
homage due to American talent, to elevated patriotism, to
sincere devotion to liberty and the country; or, if I see an
uncommon endowment of Heaven—if I see extraordinary
capacity and virtue in any son of the South—and if, moved
by local prejudice or gangrened by State jealousy, I get up
here to abate the tithe of a hair from his just character and
just fame, may my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth!
" Sir, let me recur to pleasing recollections—let me in-
dulge in refreshing remembrance of the past—let me remind
you that, in early times, no States cherished greater har-
| mony, both of principle and feeling, than Massachusetts
I and South Carolina. Would to God that harmony might
I again return! ^ Shoulder to shoulder they went through the
Revolution—hand in hand they stood round the administra-
tion of Washington, and felt his own great arm lean on
them for support. Unkind feeling, if it exist, alienation and
distrust, are the growth, unuatural to such soils, of false
principles since sown. They are weeds, the seeds of which
that same great arm never scattered."
Mr. BUTLER. Sir, Daniel Webster is a Doric
statue upon a colossal pedestal raised by the
hands of patriots—raised by the hands of states-
men, a pedestal which is imperishable as long as
the achievements of heroes, patriots, and states-
men can be transmitted to posterity by history.
His tribute to South Carolina is worth something.
It is the tribute of a statesman and an orator—of
a man who could lift himself above the bigotry,
and even prepare to be crushed under the wheel
of wild fanaticism. It is such a tribute as was
paid by an orator like Pericles, who had guided
the helm of State, who had an Athenian spirit of
patriotism, who was an orator and a statesman.
Who is he that now gives a different opinion of
South Carolina ? Is it not a Cleon—one whose
warfare is to assail his antagonist by crimination,
calumny, and private slander—a man who draws
his Similes from obscene sources, and always
thinks he has conquered when he has mortified
and hurt the feelings of his adversary ?
Sir, when I look at the evidence to which I
have adverted—-when I allude to the opinions pro-
nounced between the two gentlemen—between
Mr. Webster and the Senator from Massachu-
setts, who is absent—I can well say,
, " Look upon that picture, and then upon this"—
I will not finish the quotation; I shall say noth-
ing in this debate but what I believe to be true.
If I were to undertake to compare the Senator
from Massachusetts with the coarseness of Cleon
in some of his similes and his grossness in some
of his attacks on his adversary—I mean in point
of taste—I might do injustice to my own crit-
icism, because I believe the Senator is a man who
understands the use of language—a gentleman
who has gone back to classic fountains, and in
that respect I separate him from Cleon, but other-
wise not at all. Let the young men and boys
who hear me go and read the life of Cleon, ana,
when they do, let them read the notice which
even Grote attaches to it, the author who has
taken the most favorable view of that demagogue
—whp could, never lift himself above the local
prejudice that surrounded him, and always pan-
dered to it in order to obtain a conquest over his
rival, who was in power, and was maintaining the
honor and dignity of his country.
Now, I come to another branch of the subject,
and it is, I confess, the sorest one of all. The
Senator has made a very grave charge upon John
Rutledge—not upon South Carolina in Uiat point
of view. The facts in relation to that transac-
tion are these: When General Lincoln was called
to the command of the southern army, Prevost
was in possession of Savannah, and Georgia in
fact was under British authority. When Lin-
coln took command of the southern troops, he
conceived the bold experiment of crossing the
I Savannah river and reclaiming Georgia. His
wily adversary, who was in Savannah, took ad-
vantage of his being at Augusta, about one hun-
dred and fifty miles above, crossed the river at
Savannah, and made his way to the gates of
Charleston. When he reached Charleston, there
were but about six hundred troops under the com-
mand of Moultrie, and as many under Pulaski.
He had about four thousand. The militia, and,
I believe, even the women, kept watch the whole
night for fear the town would be stormed. In
order to gain time, a parley was proposed the
next day. Rutledge sent three different commis-
sions. He knew that Lincoln would be upon
the British if he could only detain them for a iky.
That parley was regarded by his friends as a
stratagem. Some of his enemies were disposed
to assail him for it. Whilst they were on that
very parley, Moultrie said that Rutledge had no
right to touch the garrison; he himself was com-
mander-in-chief, and Rutledge could do nothing
as Governor to comply with the terms which, for
I appearance sake, he had proposed. Here .is the
j notice of it by the historian.
" It was presumed by the garrison that General Lincoln,
with the army under his command, was in close pursuit of
General Prevost, but his precise situation was unknown to
every person within the lines. To gain time in such cir-
cumstances was a matter of great consequence. A whole
day was therefore spent in sending and receiving flags.
Commissioners from the garrison at Charleston were in-
structed to propose ' a neutrality during the war between
Great Britain and America; and that the question, whether
the State shall belong to Great Britain or remain one of the
United States, be determined by the treaty of peace between
these Powers.'"—Ramsay's History, vol. 2, p. 27.
Whilst they were upon that parley, it happened
that Lincoln came up and drove off Prevost.
That very proposition of Rutledge resulted in the
safety of Charleston. Some of his enemies have
said that the terror of his situation was so great,
the women and children being in the town, with
only twelve hundred troops to defend it, that he
was willing to capitulate on such terms as would
save innocence from the dangers of a storm. His
friends have given it a different complexion. Be
that as it may, everybody knows that the Gov-
ernor of South Carolina at that time had no power
to make such an engagement. Prevost knew it
just as well as anybody else. If he had agreed
to it, I presume Rutledge could have drawn out
of it the next day, on the ground that there was
no authority to make the stipulation. It was
during the time when this matter was under con-
sultation, that Lincoln came up and drove off
Prevost, and fought the celebrated battle of Stono,
so much spoken of in the southern country.
But suppose that John Rutledge could have
subjected them to the terms which the gentleman
has censured—for he is not only a superior lawyer
to sit in judgment on everybody else's law knowl-
edge, but it appears he is a military man, though
I never heard of it before—suppose that Jonji
Rutledge had stipulated, as far as he could stipu-
late, that the people of Charleston should be
remitted to British protection as long as they ob-
served their parol, was it anything more than his
own countryman, General Lincoln, did, on the
22d of May of the following year ? General Lin-
coln was severely censured for his act; but it was
. done from feelings of humanity. He could have
evacuated the city of Charleston, and saved his
army, as Washington did at Philadelphia, but,
instead of that, he agreed to stand by tne houses
of the women and children in Charleston at all
hazards, and run the risk of the censure pro-
nounced on him by military men. He capitu-
lated; and what were the terms of the capitula-
tion? That the militia should be under British
protection, and should not be disturbed, in person
or property, as long as they observed their parol.
That was the act of Lincoln. He could do no
more. The military men who were under his
command were subject to be exchanged as pris-
oners of war. The Senator has gone out of his
way to pronounce a judgment against Rutledge,
to which his own countryman has been actually
