1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
630
of February, 1836, requesting transcripts of cer-
tain papers relative to affairs in the Temtory of
Kansas, having- given the same that serious and
mature consideration which the importance of the
subject demands, beg leave to submit the report
which I hold ill my hand.
I am also directed by the committee to state
that the bill, the outline of which is given in the
closing passage of the report, will be submitted
on Monday next.
Mr. BUTLER. I think that, in regard to mat-
ters of this kind, (and such was the opinion of
old Senators—-Mr. Calhoun particularly,) it is the
duty of the chairman of the committee to read
the report.
Mr. CASS. Let us have it read.
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir; I prefer that course.
Mr. COLLAMER. A portion of the commit-
tee who have had this subject under considera-
tion, not being able to agree with the majority in
the report submitted by tile Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] present a minority report.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senator read it
himself, or have it read bv the Secretary?
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 "wish to read it myself
when the proper time shall arrive, as it is in my
own handwriting.
Mr. WELLER. Several standing committees
desire to make reports, and I hope they will be
allowed an opportunity to do so before the read-
ing; of this voluminous document.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The request for the read-
ing of the report has been made on all sides, and
I trust an opportunity will now be allowed me to
x-ead it. I should be glad to yield to my friend
from California, but at least half a dozen Senators
made a similar application before he did: and, if
it were complied with, the whole day would be
consumed. If the report is to be read, I prefer
to do so at once, so as to have it disposed of
immediately.
Mr. JOHNSON. T wish to make a suggestion
to the Senator from Illinois and to the Senate.
There is a matter in connection with this subject
which, for the sake of economy, ought to be at-
tended to at once, if possible. A" motion was made
some time since for printing extra numbers of the
President's special message of February 18th,
relative to affairs in Ivansns Territory. The usual
number of the document was ordered to be printed
at once, and I am informed by the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing that the type is still stand-
ing from which extra numbers might be printed,
although the time has expired within which we
can require the printer to keep the type standing,
according to the law. The printer is imperatively
called on for the use of the type for other public
printing. When the time lias expired within
which he is required to keep the type standing to
await special orders for extra printing, a charge
can be made for lecomposition. I understand
that the public printer has the type still standing,
although the required tune has actually expired,
so that if an order were made at once, there will
be no charge for recomposidon. As the only
object of delaying the order for printing extra
numbers of the documents regarding Kansas
affairs has been to continue debate on the general
subject, I suppose that debate can be continued
on the report which is now presented. For this
reason, 1 suggest the propriety of disposing now
of the motion to print extra numbers, which is
still pending. By this course, we shall save an
expense which will be incurred if we delay the
order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to my friend
from Arkansas, that however desirable may be
the object which he suggests, it will be impossi-
ble to accomplish it, because there are several
gentlemen who wish to speak on the subject, and
they have already been postponed for other busi-
ness. It is not, X think, considered very import-
ant to print extra numbers of the document re-
ferred to, unless it shall include the large book of
territorial statutes which was sentto us, but which,
I believe, was excepted from the motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If there is to be debate on
the proposition of the gentleman from Arkansas,
X ask him to waive it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to my
friend from Arkansas that he had better with-
diaw it for the present.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw it at any rate
until the reading of the report, merely suggesting
that the difficulty raised by my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Fessenden] can easily be obvi-
ated by an agreement (which is very common
here) that the gentleman entitled to the floor on
that motion shall be entitled to it on this ques-
tion.
Mr. DOUGLAS proceeded to read the report
of the Committee on Territories, which occupied
two hours.
Mr. COLLAMER read the minority report,
signed by himself. Its reading occupied an hour.
Mr. StTMNER. What is the question before
the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT. There is no question be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move that the majority
and minority reports be printed for the use of the
Senate. That will present a question.
The PRESIDENT. The question will be on
the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. SUMNRR. In those two reports the
whole subject is presented characteristically on
both sides-. In the report of the majority the true
issue is smothered; in that of the minority, the true
issue stands forth as a pillar of fire to guide the
country. The first report proceeds from four Sen-
ators; but against it I put, fearlessly, the report
signed by a single Senator, [Mr. Collamer,] to
whom I offer my thanks for this service. Let the
two go abroad together. Error is harmless while
reason is left free to combat it.
I have no desire to precipitate the debate on
this important question, under which the coun-
try already shakes from side to side, and which
threatens to scatter from its folds civil war. Nor,
indeed, am I disposed to enter upon it until I have
had the opportunity of seeing, ill print, the elab-
orate documents which have been read to us to-
day. But I cannot allow the subject to pass away,
even for this hour, without repelling, at once,
distinctly and unequivocally, the ussault which
has been made upon the Emigrant Aid Company
of Massachusetts. That company has done noth-
ing for which it can be condemned under the laws
and Constitution of the land. These it has not
offended m letter or spirit; not in the slightest
letter, or in the remotest spirit. It is true, it has
sent men to Kansas; and had it not a right to send
them ? It is true, I trust, that its agents love free-
dom and hate slavery. And have they not a right |
to do so ? Their offense has this extent, and
nothing more. Sir, to the whole arraignment of
that company, in the report of the Committee on
Territories, 1 now for them plead "Not guilty !" i
and confidently appeal to the country for that |
honorable acquittal which is due to their patriot j
services. j
The outrages in Kansas are vindicated, orexten- I
uatcd, by the alleged misconduct of the Emigrant i
Aid Company. Very well, sir; abad cause is nat-
uniiiy staked on untenable ground. You cannot i
show the misconduct. Any such allegation will
fail. And you now begin your game with loaded
dice.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, 1 do notintend
to inflict a speech on the Senate to-day, nor to go
into a discussiou of the topics which the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] has brought
forward. I only wish to say, in regard to his prop-
osition to have the majority and minority reports
go out together, that we will meet him on that
point; and wo will vote for printing the highest
number which he may propose of the two reports,
so that they may go to the country together. I
am gratified that he is satisfied with the presenta-
tion of the case on his side. All we ask is ail
opportunity to respond to his proposition; and
we will vote for printing the largest number
which he may suggest. ,
The Senator says he wishes emphatically to
repel the assaults which he thinks the report
makes on the emigrant aid society. What am I
to understand by his denunciation of the report?
He certainly dopa not intend to deny the truth of
any one fact which the report contains! What,
then, is he going to deny ? Why this emphatic
denunciation, when there is not a fact stated in the
report which he does not know to be true, and
which I will not prove to be true by official doc-
uments signed by the officers of the aid society
; itself? By his emphatic denial is the country to
I understand that he intends to disprove the facts?
He knows the time will never come when he will
| controvert the truth of any one fact which is
stated in our report with regard to the emigrant
aid society? Whether their action is laudable
or treasonable is another question; but that the
charter is truthfully set forth, that its objects and
aims are copied from its own official proceedings,
and that every statement of a fact is truly made,
cannot be controverted. This he knows as well
as I do. I do not intend to allow denials of the'
truth of facts to be interposed to screen men from
the consequences of their action, when that action
is avowed and susceptible of proof; hence the
Senator's denial cannot be interposed. It -is a
denial of facts which he knows to be true; it is a
denial of facts which shall not be controverted.
If, instea'd of denying, he proposed to justify
them, I would willingly hear him; but he cannot
be permitted to deny them. Our statements are
based on the records of the legislative proceedings
of the Senator's own State, and on documents
attested by the signatures of the officers of the em-
igrant aid society. The facts shall not be derisd.
When lie comes to offer his apologies, or his ex-
cuses, or his justification for them, I shall be glad
to hear anything which he may bring forward in
vindication of the enormity of their conduct; but
let him not make broad denials unsustained by
proof.
The Senator says that we begin our game with
" loaded dice." I understand that to be a gam-
bler's phrase. He may be able to explain it; cer-
tainly it will require explanation before the ma-
jority of the Senate will be able to understand it.
If he means that he is prepared to go to the coun-
try to justify treason and rebellion, let him go;
and I trust he will meet the fate which the law
assigns to such conduct. If he means that the
hopes of his party are to produce a collision in
Kansas, In which blood may be shed, that he may
traffic in the blood of his own fellow-citizens for
political purposes, he will soon discover how much
he will make by that course. We understand
that this is a movement for the purpose of pro-
ducing a collision, with the hope that civil war
may be the result if blood shall be shed in Kan-
sas. Sir, we are ready to meet that issue. We
stand upon the Constitution and the laws of tho
land. Our position is, the maintenance of the su-
premacy of the laws, and the putting down of
violence, fraud, treason, and rebellion against the
Government.
The Senator stakes himself on the minority
report. I say that report justifies foreign inter-
ference in Kansas; while the majority report
denies the right of foreign interference. Taking
that minority report I can justify under its prin-
ciples every act that has been done in regard to
Kansas, either by persons from Massachusetts
or from Missouri. The majority report denies
the right of any man to violate the law, and to
pervert the principles of the Kansas-Nebraska
act, whether he comes from the North or the South.
Tho minority report advocates foreign inter-
1 ference; we advocate self-government and non-in-
j terference. We are ready to meet the issue; and
i there will be no dodging. We intend to meet it
boldly; to require submission to the laws and to
the constituted authorities; to reduce to subjection
those who resist them, and to punish rebellion
and treason. I am glad that a defiant spirit is
exhibited here; we accept the issue.
I will say no more now. At an early day I
shall take occasion to express my opinions on
the whole question, if my health and strength
and voice will permit; and I shall hold myself
responsible to vindicate every position assumed
in the majority report.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I think it is
perfectly palpable that we cannot go into a dis-
cussion of the points involved in these two re-
ports intelligently at this time. I hope discus-
sion will be postponed until the two reports shall
have been printed, and until Senators shall have
| had an opportunity of reading and studying them,
in order that they may be properly discussed.
, Certainly no one, on hearing papers read, the
j reading of which consumes three or four hours,
i can undertake to discuss in a proper manner the
\ points involved. This is a matter of too much
| importance to the whole country to be considered
: thus suddenly and without preparation. If we
! attempt it we shall find ourselves engaged in the
; discussion of topics that are not involved in the
I issues before us. I hope, therefore, that the dis-
! cussion will be postponed for at least one week;
