1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
other person; I am not-certain; the motion seemed
as if it was intended to jerk him down, or pull
him away from the spot he tlien occupied. I
distinctly saw the seizure, and the pull or jerk;
but, as the back of the person was towards
me, and I was looking at Mr. Sumner, I could
not be certain as to the person who did it. I
wont up immediately and saw Mr. Sumner lying-
in a rccumbent posture. I also saw Mr, B.
standing near; that he was hurt over his eye,
and asked him how it happened? He said it was
from the recoil of his stick. Mr. Sumner was
lying down, and uttering groans of distress, but
was soon taken up and carried through the area
into the ante-room of the Senate; afterwards I
did not s.ee him. These are the material facts.
There was no blow struck after Mr. Sumner was
prostrated. He was jerked down on the floor by
a violent effort, either by Mr. Brooks or some-
body else. It may have been some of his friends
who took hold of him in the effort to draw him
back. I am confident that his fall, or sinking
down to the ground, was the immediate effect of
that force exercised upon him.
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) Did you see
any other person present?
Answer. I recollect observing Mr. Foster, the
Senator from Connecticut. I saw him rush up
just as I got into the aisle, and, as I thought,
attempting to interfere. He was endeavoring to
run up and seize upon Mr. Brooks or Mr. Sum-
ner; I do not know which. He was evidently
endeavoring to interfere to stop the combatants.
I remember seeing his countenance distinctly,
and do not recollect recognizing anybody else at
that moment. After the fight was over I went up
close to where Mr. Sumner was—there was a
considerable crowd. I looked around and saw
several whom I recognized. I saw Mr. Critten-
den. I also saw my colleague, Mr. Too'vibs. I
saw Mr. Brooks standing near the aisle among
the Senators' desks, about where the contest
commenced. I went up to "him and asked him
how the wound over his eye occurred, and he
stated it was the recoil of his own stick, perhaps
at the time it broke.
Question. Did you see Mr. KiAtt ?
Answer. I did not see Mr. Kcitt; at least I do
not recollect having seen him. I met a number
of gentlemen whom I recognized in the aisle and
in the crowd, after Mr. Sumner was down, and
before he was taken wp; I do not know the num-
ber. They seemed to be standing round to
ascertain what had occurred; but no one was then
taking any part in the transaction.
Question. Can you name those who were there
at the time of the assault?
Answer. I cannot name any except M*r. Foster.
I think he was sitting in his seat. I think that
perhaps my colleague, Mr. Toombs, was also in
:ii.-i scat; but I cannot state positively. I do not
know that I saw him until afterwards. I was
very busily engaged when the occurrence took
place. I had just returned from Georgia, and
was reading my papers and letters I heard the
first blow very distinctly. I looked up and saw
Mr. Brooks and Mr. Sumner both standing erect
upon their feet, and the scuffle going on. Mr.
Brooks, 1 think, acted with a great deal of delib-
eration. "When Mr. Sumner would attempt to
reach him, ho would recede, and at the same time
strike over his arms and at his head. I think
there were some five or six blows in all that I
saw. The blows did not come very fast. There
may have been more than that; but my impres-
sion is there were not. The last blow was struck
over the'head in the aisle. No blow was struck
after Mr. Sumner was down. The last blow
struck was the one by which the stick was broken.
I saw that, and am positive of it. I saw the frag-
ments flyabout; and they were afterwards picked
up by the pages, and one of them brought to me,
which I examined.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) Did you see
Mr. Sumner strike any blow ?
Answer. I do not think I saw him strike any
blow. His efforts seemed to me to be very con-
fused, as if he did not know exactly how to
defend himself, but was trying to ward off the
blows.
Question. Were not his efforts rather of a con-
yulsive character than otherwise ?
vinswer, I cannot say that it so struck me; ne
E
was making great exertions to defend* himself to
prevent the infliction of the blows.
James Y. Davis, sworn:
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) Have you
tested the comparative weight of gutta percha,
hickory, and whalebone canes, of the same size?
Answer. I have.
Question. Which did you find to be the heav-
iest ?
Answer. The whalebone and hickory canes
were about of the sairfe weight, and heavier than
the gutta percha one. The whalebone and hick-
ory weighed each eleven and a half ounces; the
gutta percha eleven ounces. They were all of
about the same size; the guttapercha cane was
perhaps a little the shortest. If they had been
all of the same length, the gutta percha cane
would have been as heavy as either of the other
two.
Question. Had the gutta percha cane you
weighed anything like a hook, as you see on the
one I show you '
Answer. No, sir; it had merelya straight piece
projecting out; it was not curved like this.
Question. Which was the shortest of the three
sticks ?
Answer. The gutta percha was the shortest.
Question. From your knowledge thus derived,
which material is of the heaviest comparative
specific gravity ?
Answer. I should not think that in the three
canes there would have been any difference if
they had been precisely of the same size; as
regards the gutta percha cane, I think, as I have
already stated, that it would have been as heavy
as either of the others if it had been as long.
Question, liow were they as to pliability ?
Answer. The hickory was the stiffest of the
three; the other two were about the same as to
elasticity.
Question. How about their hardness ?
Answer. I think the hickory cane would be the
toughest; the whalebone and the gutta percha
canes are liable to snap or break.
Question. I mean which is hardest as to its
capability of indentation ?
Answer. I do not know.
Question. Was the gutta percha cane you ex-
perimented with hollow?
Answer. I think it was.
Question. How thick was the rim ?
Answer. I think about three-sixteenths of an
inch.
Question, (by Mr. Greenwood.) Are you a
manufacturer of canes ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Do you deal in them ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. When did you make this examina-
tion ?
Answer. Yesterday.
Question. Was it since you have been sub-
penaed?
Answer. No, sir; Mr. Pennington requested me
to make the examination; since I made it I have
been subpenaed before the committee.
Edwin D. Coleman, sworn:
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) State to the
committee what you know in regard to the cir-
cumstances attending the assault by Mr. Brooks
upon Senator Sumner.
Answer. I know nothing at all in relation to it.
I was asleep in General Denver's room at the
time the assaultwas said to have been committed,
and I was at a loss to know why I was subpe-
naed.
Question. Did you hear of any threats before
or subsequent to the transaction ?
Answer. No, sir. I had several conversa-
tions with Mr. Brooks upon general subjects,
prior to the alleged assault, and I have spoken
with him several times sinco, but I have never
heard a word from him in relation-to the matter.
Mr. Sumner I am not acquainted with.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) Have you
ever heard of any premeditation upon the part of
Mr. Brooks or others of this assault ?
Answer. I have never heard from any person
that such an assault wag to be made. I may
have heard some passing remark that some per-
son ought to punish Mr. Sumner for such lan-
guage spoken towards Judge Butler. But it was
a mere passing remark, not from any party im-
plicated.
Question. Did you-"bear the remark -from any
member of Congress ? — " ' -J
Answer. No, sir; not that I recollects i I am. .
often in company with members of-Congress, tind
others, and have heard this matter canvassed;
but I do not think that I have heard such a remark
made by any member of Congress,-.
Mr. Cobb moved that Mr. Brooks, Mr. Kcitt,
and Mr. Rivers, be informed that they can read
the testimony taken before the committee, and
then be heard as witnesses, or have other wij>
nesses examined if they see proper so to do.;
which motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. Cobb the committee then
took a recess for half an hour..
The committee having reassembled','Mr. Camp-
bell stated that he had informed Messrs. Rivers
and Brooks of the order of the committee; -{hat
he had been unable to find Mr. Keitt, but had
sent to inform him.
Hon. James B. Ricaud, sworn: - -
Question, (by Mr. Campbell.) Do you know
anything of the facts connected with the alleged
assault on Senator Sumner?
Answer. Nothing in the world. I had never
heard that the assault was contemplated, and
heard nothing in relation to it until after it was
committed.
Question. Did you hear any conversation be-
tween Mr. Risers and any other person on the '
subject?
Answer. On Wednesday, I think it was, I had'
a conversation with Mr. Rivers. Mr. Rivers
was reading the speech delivered by Mr. Sum-
ner. He called my attention to it, and asked me
if I had seen the speech. I replied that I had
read it. He asked me what I thought of it. I
told him I thought the speech was very violent
and very offensive, showing a great deal of feel-
ing and a greatdealof malicious preparation. Mr.
Rivers remarked that he thought it was very out-
rageous upon Senator Butler; that it charged him
with direct and open falsehood; and thathe hoped
when Judge Butler came back he would resent it;
that he would whip him, and put his foot upon
his face. I replied that I hoped he would do
no such thing; that Judge Butler was an old matt
—a man whose reputation was very high, and"
deservedly so; and that any such attempt on his
part would but create a false sympathy for a man ■
whose race I thought was nearly run; that it
would be very imprudent to advise Judge Butler
to such a course. At that time I had not heard,
and did not know, that Mr. Brooks was a nephew
of Judge Butler. I think I heard the fact the next
day for the first time.
Question, (by Mr. Pennington.) Who "wo#,
present when this conversation took place?
Answer. The conversation, when it com-
menced, was between Mr. Rivers and myself.
During the conversation—perhaps near the close
—Mr. Orr, of South Carolina, passed down the
aisle, and, having been absent for some time, I
spoke to him and shook him by the hand. He was
the only other person present during any part of
the conversation, and my recollection is that Mr.
Orr was not present when the remarks were made
by Mr. Rivers.
Adam J. Glossbrenner, sworn:
Question (by Mr. Campbell.) State whether
you have in your possession a piece of the stick
with which it is represented the assault was com-
mitted by Mr. Brooks upon Senator Sumner?
Answer. I have a fragment here present which
was handed to me within a short time after the
occurrence, and before I had hoard of it from any
other quarter. Mr. Edmundson stepped into my
office with the stick:, and requested me' to take
charge of it, which I did, putting it into my
safe. He informed me that an assault had been
committed by Mr. Brooks upon Mr. Sumner;
and I think he stated that this was the stick used.
I have measured the stick carefully. The frag-
ment 1 have is the head of the stick, the smaller
end having been broken off. It is twenty-one
and three quarter inches in length, one inch thick
at the large end, and three quarters of an-inch
thick at the small end. The cane is hollow, the
hollow being three eighths of an inch-in diame-
ter at the small end, and seeming to increase
proportionally to the head. ."
On motion of Mr. Greenwood, the committee
adjourned until to-morrow, at ten o clock, a, in.
