2240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 18.
The SPEAKER. It will if the House shall
lav the motion on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand fur the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Houston
and Morgan were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
~ayes 96, noes 88.
So the previous question was seconded.
The mam question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. PENNINGTON demanded the yeas and
nays on Mr. Campbell's motion.
• The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the motion to insist be
voted down, will it not be in order to move that
the House recede from its amendment, and agree
to the Senate amendment?
The SPEAKEPv. It will be in order.
Mr. FLAGLER. Will not a motion to adhere
have precedence of a motion to recede ?
The SPEAKER. It will not; a motion to re-
cede has precedence.
Mr. STEPHENS. To vote down the motion
to insist, and then to recede from the House
amendment, and agree to that of the Senate, is
now, in my judgment, the only way to save the
bill.
Mr. COLFAX. If this motion is agreed to,
cannot the Senate recede ? [Loud cries of " Or-
der! from every part of the Hall.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide ques-
tions of order as they arise.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion, and it was decided in the negative—yeas
98, nays 103; as follows:
YEAH—Alexis. Albiigtit, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Barclay,
Ilenr.v Keimett, Beiwm, Ui^liop, Bh-s, Brad-
6liaw* Brcnton, Bulhnton, .fainc-; II. Campbell, Lewis I).
Campbell, Chatlee, Ezra Clatk, dawson, Coluix, Comiib,
Oo\od<;, Cragw, Cunibaek. DamieK, Timothy Davi-, Bonn,
Dick. l)i<i<M>n, Dodd, Durtee, Edie, KdwauK, Kmne, FLi! 
lor. Galhnvaj, (.Hiding-., Gilbeu, Granger, Grow, Koheit 15.
Ilali, Harlan, Hollow-ay, Thomas It. Iloiton, Valentine B.
Ilortou, Ifujilwton, Ke!>ey, Km«r, Knapp, Kui?ht, Knowl-
tou, Knox, Kunkel, Loner, Marte<ou, iUeCaiiy, killian
Mtllt'r, Morgan, Morrill, Mou, Muriay, Nichols, Nouon,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, lVmee, 1'oUon, I'onumston, Perry,
Petut, Pike, PrifigUi, Ritchie, Robert*, Robihon, Sage, Sapp,
Scott. Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stninahan,
Tapp.iti, Thiomjzioii, Thursiou, Todd, TnUton, Wade,
YVakenian, Walbiidsre, W.tUlron, Cadwalader C. Wasli-
bmne,. Elhlm B. Wa^hlmrne, Ismel Washburn, Welch,
Wood, Wondrurr, and Woodvvorlli—9H.
NAY'S—Ativan, Ak« UaiJ^d-do, llPiulley S.
Beniieti, Bocook, Bowie, Boyee, Btaneh, Brooks, Btooni,
Bnnnu!,{ 'adwakuler, John P ('amphell, ("ai I lie, (\u nilier*,
Cadue, CluijrniiOi, Howell C<d>l,, Williamson K. W. Cobl.,
Co.\, Ciai«e. Cullen, JluviiKon, Hoaiv Waller Ihiv;-. Den-
ver, Dovvdell, Edmund-on, Elliott, EunIi*> Kvain, fan I li-
ner, Florence, Foster, Henry ,M. Fullei, Thoma** J. I>.
Puller. (Jontlc, Gieenwoud, J . iMorti-on IJ.iriis, Samp-on
W. Harm, Thoma-. L. Uain , HatriMni, Haven, lleiheri,
Iheknnn, Hollman, Hou-ton, Georje W. Jones, J. GUuiev
Join"', Kelly, Kulwell, Lake, l.etcher, Lindley, Lumpkin,
Alexander K. Marshall, Ihmipluev Mai-diall, S.umnd S.
Maishall, Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith "Hilloi,
IVlilHou, Millwaxt, Moure, <hr, Peek, Phelps, Pouei,
Powell, Purvear, Qiutinan, Ueadw Rieatid, Rivera, Uiilliu,
Uu-t, Sandidjje, Savage, Howaui, Shoitei, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Ste-
phen*, Sttjwau, Swop.-, Tallnnt, Taj lor, Tuppe, Ty-un,
underwood, Vuil, Valk, Walkei, Wells, Wheelei, Whit-
ney, William-*, Wmt-low, Daniel B. Wnglit, John V.
Wn lu, and /aiUicoil'er—lOd.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Pending the above call,
I\h\ E I'iJERIDGE stated that he had paired
olf villi Mr. I) \v.
Mr. HOWARD staled (hat lie had paired off
will) A'lr. Oliv lii, of Alissoun.
A me^a^" was received from the Senate, by
Amjl'Uy Dicki.vs, their ^Secretary, notifying the
Hoiuso th.it the Senato had passed bilk of the
Hou-'C uf nie following titles:
A bill (Xo. for ihe relief of the heirs nnd
le^al representative*? of Alr,^. Alagdalene Jjrontin,
widow of l)e la Rondo;
A bill (No. 31f>) for the relief of tlie heirs and
legal reme.sentauves c f Ii^nfioio Delmo;
A bill (>To. 3 H) (oeoiii'M-m the title ofRuhama
Whir,rak'T and Rebecca Winttaker, to eerrain
lamb-, in the S.au; of Lou istai'v1,
bill (No. ,'-U6) for the n !•< f «-f the heirs and
)e«ril iepi,-ientat)ves of Bernaui llenikiii;
A bvili (No.334) forthe relief of William B. Coz-
A bill (No. 335) for the relief of Henry L. Rob-
inson;
A bill (No. 338} for the relief of John Nash;
A bill (No. 332) forthe relief of "William Jones;
and
A bill (No. 37) for the relief of Peyton G.
King, late receiver of public money at Monroe,
Louisiana.
Also, that the Senate had concurred in the
amendments of the House to bills of the following
titles:
An act (S. No. 377) for the relief of Ambrose
Lanfear, of Louisiana;
An act (S. No. 2'22) for the relief of Abraham
Kintzing; and
An act (S. No. 270) for the relief of Hannibal
Faulk and Eliza S. Collier, (formerly widow
Scriber,)and the heirs and legal representatives
of Benjamin Seriber, deceased.
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 move that another com-
mittee of conference be appointed, and on that
motion I call for the previous question.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled tin act (II. R. No. 201)
making appropriations: for certain civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
day of June, 1857; when the Speaker signed the
same.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN".
Mr. CLINGMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania toallowme to moveanamend-
ment to his motion, that the House recede from
its amendment, and agree to the amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. KUNREL. No, sir, I will not. I insist
on my motion.
Mr. CLINGMAJST. And by factious opposi-
tion you will defeat the biii.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the motion of the gentleman fium Pennsyl-
vaniais not in ouler, the same question having,
in substance, been just voted on.
Air. KIJNKEL. The motion just voted on
was a motion to insist 
Mr. RUST. I call the gentleman to order.
Does he fake an appeal?
Air. KUNKEL. I do; and call for the yeas
and nays on the appeal.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION.
_ Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, (the Hen,no concurring,) That the tune fixed
by the re«Jol in urn of the  , tor the adjoin nmerit of the
jne^ent M'svion ol fongies^, be, aui the --ame is hereby,
extended to Monday, the ISih m-t.uit, at two oVlock, p. in.
The SPEAKER. It is not a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. OOl'H. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of its introduction. „
Mr. KUNKEL. If ^emlemen will a^ree to
another committee of conference, 1 will not ob-
ject.
Air. Coin*. The gentleman seeks to defeat
this bill by factious movements.
Mr. SI I ERMAN. 1 demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to .suspend the rules.
Mr. KUNKEL. I ask if that motion takes
preeedeneo of the appeal ?
j The SPEAKE1L It is a motion to suspend
! the rules, and takes precedence,
j Mr. AlILLSON. I modify my resolution by
: filling the blank by inserting the day upon which
! the resolution was passed—the 22d ultimo.
■ MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
, A snrav Difkivs, theirSeetefary, announcing that
; the Senate had passed, without amendment, bills
of the House of the following titles:
j A bill (No. 196) for the relief of Antoine Robe-
; (lean;
j A bill (No. 2^ for the relief of Edmund Mitch-
; ell;
A hill (No. 350) for the relief of the heirs and
; legal representatives of Louis Reggio;
| A bill (No. 368) fni the lehef of Ursula E.
Co!>b, widow of Chaile^ Cobb;
] A bill (No. 373) forthe relief of John Con-
nolly, late a private m company A, sixth infan-
| try, United SmIps \rniy; and
! A bill fNo. 377) for the relief of Abner Dick-
! son, a soldier in the war of 1812.
> And that the Senate had passed, with an amend-
ment, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House, a bill of the House of the
following title:
A bill (No. 226) to authorize the legal repre-
sentatives of Pascal L. Cerre to enter certain
lands in the State of Missouri.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION—AGAIN.
Mr. HOUSTON". I suppose 
Mr. RUST I call the gentleman to order.
Debate is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON, f was only going to appeal
to the House to let the majority express their
opinion upon receding. [Cries of "Order!"
" Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MORGAN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk commenced the call of the roll, but
was several times interrupted by messages from
the President and Senate, and by reports of en-
rolled bills, as follows:
ENROLLED BILLS.
Air. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 377) for the relief of Ambroso
Lanfear, of Louisiana;
An act (S. No. 222) for the relief of Abraham
Kintzing; and
An act (S. No. 270) for the relief of Hannibal
Faulk and Eliza S. Collier, (formerly widow
Scribei,) and the heirs and legal representatives
of Benjamin Scnber, deceased.
MESSAGE FRO'M THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
I the United States, by Sidney Webster, his Pii-
vate Secretary, announcing that he had approved
and signed a lull to authorize the circuit court of
the District of Columbia to decree the sale of real
estate m certain cases.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asiujuy DieKtvs, their Secretary, announcing that
the Senate had passed, without amendment,
House bills of the following titles:
A bill (No. 244) to amend an act pnsscd on the
3d of March, 1819, entitled " An act authorizing
the sale of certain military sites;"
A bill (No. 260) for the relief of the legai rep-
resentatives of Thomas Gordon, deceased;
A bill (No. 2G9) for the relief of the sureties of
the late Lieutenant Charles E. Jarvis, United
States Army;
A bill (No. 275) for the relief of Thomas
Ap Catesby Jones;
A bill (No. 331) forthe relief of John Otis; and
A bill fNo. 46S) providing an increase of pen-
sion to Daniel Waldo, of Onondaga county, New
York.
Also, that the Senate had passed a resolution,
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House, extending the time of adjournment
till two o'clock this day.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Sidney Webster, his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the House that he had
approved and signed an act makingappropriatioris
for certain civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1857.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DURFEE stated that Messrs. Purviance
and Warntr, being both ill, had paired off.
After the call of the roll was concluded,
Air. CRAIGE moved (at fifty-three minutes
past eleven o'clock) that the readingof the names
be dispensed with.
Air. PRINGLE, Air. SHERMAN, and others,
objected.
The Clerk then read the names; when the result
was announced—yeas 131, nays 68; as follows:
YHAS — 51<.:,is. Aiken. Ball, Barksrfale, demltey S.
•i Bennett, Boeoek, Bowie. Boyce. Bratieli, Brentou. Biooks,
| Broom, Harnett, CddwaUriei, J.unes U. ('amphell, Jobn P.
Cainp'H-ii, lenvu" I). C'luipbeli, C.irlile, (.\iturhei>. Ca.-kie,
1 Chng'nrm, Howell Cobb, VViMiain-on II. W. Cobb, Col-ax,
' Covod". Cox, Ciaisje, Cullen. Davidson. Henry W'nter
' Davis Timothy Davi-*, Denver. Dickson, Dowdell. Edinund-
I son, Elliott, Ethendqe, Eu->ti.-, Evan-, Faulkner, Flagler,
jt Florence, Foster, IJeniyM. fuller, Thomas J, D. Fuller,
!i Goode, Greenwood, J. Morrison Hams, Sampson W. Har-
