1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in the power of those present to have separated
Colonel Brooks, or to have rescued Senator Sum-
,ner, so as to have prevented the-former from
accomplishing his purpose. Such was the con-
clusion of my judgment at the' moment of the oc-
currence, and such it is now.
"JOS. H. NICHOLSON.
" Washington, May 27, 1856." «.
" Question, (by Mr. Allen.) What Senators
were present at the time ?
" Answer. Senators Toombs, Pearce, and Crit-
tenden were seated in their respective chains just
preceding the affair. During its occurrence, and
towards the close of it, I observed Mr. Crittenden
near the parties, evidently striving to terminate
the assault. I cannot nflw say I observed any.
other Senators until the affair was over.
" What members of the House of Represent-
atives were present ?
" The only member of the House of Represent-
atives whom I recognized was the Hon. Mr.
Keitt, of South Carolina, who approached the
parties about the same time Mr. Crittenden
did."
"-Question propounded to Governor Brown of
Mississippi. Please to state to the committee the
cause of the assault committed by Mr. Brooks
upon Mr. Sumner, as stated to you. Did Mr.
Brooks state to you the cause of his assault upon
Mr. Sumner, and the language which he ad-
dressed to Mr. Sumner just before the assault?
If so, please to tell the committee what his lan-
guage was, or what the cause of the assault.
" On the day of the occurrence, and shortly
after, I met Mr. Brooks in company with Mr.
Keitt, on the avenue, nearly opposite the Union
buildings. After the usual salutations, Mr. Keitt
mentioned what had occurred, and was proceed-
ing to give some account of it, when Mr. Brooks
interposed with this remark: 'The town, I sup-
Fose, will be full of rumors, in a few hours, and
desire my friends to understand precisely what
I have done, and why I did it. Regarding the
speech of Mr. Sumner as an atrocious libel on
South Carolina, and a gross insult to my absent
relative, Judge Butler, I determined, when it was
delivered, to punish him for it. To-day, I ap-
proached him, after the Senate adjourned, and
said to him: Mr. Sumner, I have read your
speech carefully, and with as much calmness as
I could be expected to read such a speech. You
have libeled my State, and slandered my relative,
who is aged and absent; and I feel it to be my
duty to punish you for it: and with that I struck
him a blow across the head with my cane, and
repeated it until I was satisfied. No one inter-
posed, and I desisted simply because I had pun-
ished him to my satisfaction.'
"This is substantially, and almost literally,
the statement of Mr. Brooks. The conversation
then turned on other points and phases of the
affair.
"A. G. BROWN.
"Attest: Asbury Dickins, Secretary."
" In the Senate or the United States,
May 28, 1856.
" Resolved, That the above report be accepted, and that a
copy thereof, and of the affidavits accompanying the same,
be tiansmitted to the House of Representatives.
"Attest: ASBUHY DICKINS, Secretary."
The chairman informed the committee that,
under their directions, he liad this morning called
on Mr. Keitt, and informed him, in person, that
the committee had directed him (the chairman)
to say that he (Mr. K.) should have the privilege
of reading the testimony, of testifying himself,
and, if he saw fit to do so, of calling in any wit-
nesses he might see fit to have subpenaed.
On motion, the committee adjourned until to-
morrow, at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Friday, May 30, 1856.
The committee met pursuant to adjournment.
The chairman presented a report and resolu-
tions relating to the subject-matter before the
commiltee, for its adoption.
Mr. Cobb asked for a separate vote upon the
adoption of the report, and upon each of the res-
olutions.
The report is as follows:
[Here follows the report, which is published
on page 1348.]
The question being taken, it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 3, nays 2; as follows:
Yeas—-Messrs. Campbell, Pennington, and Spinner.
Nays—Messrs. Cobb and Greenwood.
So the report was adopted.
The following is the preamble and first resolu-
tion:
Whereas, the Senate of the United States have trans-
mitted to this, House a message, complaining that Preston
S. Brooks, a Representative from the State of South Caro-
lina, committed upon the person of Charles Sumner, a
Senator trom the State of Massachusetts, while seated at
his desk in the Senate Chamber, after the adjournment of
that body on the 22d of May last, a violent assault, which
disabled him from attending to his duties in the Senate, and
declaring thai the said assault was a breach of the privileges
of that body : And whereas, from les-pect to the privileges
of the House, the Senate have turthei declared that, inas-^
much as the said l'rcstou S. Brooks is a member of this i
House, they cannot arrest, and, a fortiori, cannot try or j
punish him for a breach of their privileges, that they cannot i
proceed further in the ease than to make their complaint to j
tliis House, and that the power to arre>t, try, and punish, j
devolves solely on this hodv: And wherea^ upon full in- j
vcstigation, it appears to this House that the said Preston -
S. Brooks has been guilty of the assault complained of by [
the Senate, with most aggravated circumstances of vio- i
lence; that the same was a bicach of the privileges not
only of the Senate, but of the Senator assailed, and of this
House, as a coordinate branch of the legislative department
of Government, in direct violation of the Constitution of
the United States, which declares that Senators and Repre-
sentatives " tor any speech or debate in either House shall
not be questioned m any other place And whereas, this
House is of opinion that it has the power and ought to
punish the said Preston S. ISioolss for the said assault, not
only as a breach of the privileges of the Senator assailed,
and of the Senate and House, as declared bv the Consti-
tution, but as an act of disorderly behavior: And whereas,
it further appears, from such investigation, that Henry A.
Ediuundson, a Uepiesentative fiom the State of Virginia,
and Lawrenr" M. Keitt, a Representative from the State '
of South Caiohna, some time previous to the said asrault, j
were mfoimed that it was the purpose of the said Preston S
S Biookfc to commit violence upon the person of paid
Chailes Sumnei, for woids used by lnm m debate, as a j
Senator in the Senate,and took 110 measures to discouia^e i
or prevent the same ; but, on the contraiy, anticipating the j
commission of such violence, weie present 011 one or more 1
occasions to witness the same, as fnends of the assailant: !
Therefore, \
Resolved, That Preston S. Brooks be, and he is forthwith,
expelled from this House as a Representativ e from the State
of South Carolina.
The question being taken upon th« above pre-
amble and resolution, it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 3, nays 2; as follows;
Yeas—Messrs. Campbell, Pennington, and Spinner.
Nays—Messrs. Cobb and Greenwood.
So the resolution was adopted.
The following is the second resolution:
ResolvedThat this House hereby declare its disappro-
bation of the said act of Henry A. Edmundson and Law-
rencc M. Keitt, in legard to the *aid assault.
The question being taken upon the above reso-
lution, it was decided m the affirmative—yeas 3,
nays 2; as follows:
Yeas—Messrs.. Campbell, Penntmrton, and Spinner.
Nays—Missis. Cobb and Greenwood.
So the sccond resolution was adopted.
The chairman was thereupon directed to report
the resolutions to the House, with the accompa-
nying report of the committee.
O11 motion of Mr. Cobb, it was
Ordered, That the chairman be duected to audit the ac-
counts of the Clerk for his services wlnJe attending on the
sessions of the committee.
The committee then, on motion,adjourned sine
die.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. MACE. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Thursday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is not in the
power of the House to dothatwithoutaquorum.
I would inquire if the Chair entertains the motion ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to submit the motion, and the gentleman from
Tennessee can have a division upon it if he de-
sires.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I suppose that, by
unanimous consent, unrass it is ascertained that
there is no quorum present, there can be no diffi-
culty in adjourning over. If my friend from Ten-
nessee insists upon his call for a division, I sug-
gest to the gentleman from Indiana to withdraw
his motion, and let us adjourn from day to day.
Mr. JONES. I ask for a division upon the
motion. I am willing to come here each day and
move an adjournment.
Mr. MACE. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I believe it was generally
understood, on Thursday last, when the resolu-
tion was passed then to adjourn, that we would
to-day-adjourn over until Thursday;"'aAd* there
certainly was a quorumpreseilt when that ai'dfei'-
standing was had. It seems to We that it would
not be establishing an unsafe precedent to adjotim
from this time until- ThursSny. Iam not satis-
fied in my own mind that there is-not a quorum
present, and I do not know how the gentlemdn
from Tennessee comes to the conclusion that there
is not. ' -
Mr. BARBOU'R. I ask unanimous consent to
present a resolution in reference to printing ehctra
copies of the reports made this morning.
Mr. JONES. I object, until it is ascertained
whether there is a quorum present or not.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Thursday next. - •
Mr. JONES. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to say
that I have paired off with Mr. Lumpkin*, of
Georgia, until a week from next Friday, upon all
votes taken in the House.
I would also say that, as the report made this
> morning contains important matter, I do not pro-
; pose to call it up until there is a full House, which
will probably not be until after two weeks from
this time.
Tellers were called for upon the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn over. - -
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Trafton
and Branch were appointed. . " - -
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 28; a further count not being.demanded.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and there were—
yeas 52, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Carbour, Barclay, Rend-
ley S. Bennett, Bingham, Bishop, Branch, Cadwalader,
John P. Campbell. Lewis D. Campbell, Carhlc, Caruthers,
Howell Cobb, Collax, Cox, Cragm, Cumback, Do Witt,
Eriie, EdmuiK^on, Eimiu, Eusus, Evans, Florence, Grow,
llairison, Hoffman, Ilotlowav, Huglwton, George W.Jones,
Konnctt, Lmdlty, McQueen, Kilhan Miller, Moore, Nich-
ols, Pennington,'Puiviance. Xleade, Roberts, Rust, Scott,
Swopfi, Thui^ton, Wade, Walbndge, Walker, Cadwalader
C. Washburne, Ellihn B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
and Watson^-.52.
NAYS—Messrs. Williamson It. W. Cobb, Dam re U, Dean-,
Dickson, Dodd, Edwards, Knight, Knox> Leiter, Meacham,
Morrill, Norton, Bobbins, Spinner, Thorington, and Traf"
ton—16.
No quorum having voted, the motion was not
agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WALBRIDGE stated that Mr. Waldrom
had paired off, for two weeks, with Mr. Allen,
of Illinois.
Mr. COBB. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the liberty
to nominate a Speaker pro tempore of the House
until Thursday next.
Nq objection being made,
The SPEAKER nominated Mr. AjKEN,ofSouth
Carolina, as such Speaker pro tempore.
Mr. FLORENCE. On Thursday last I an-
nounced to the House that I had paiied off with
Mr. Grow until Wednesday of next week. I
have now agreed with that gentleman to extend
the time until this day two weeks, except upon
motions to adjourn, upon questions relating to
taking off duties upon railroad iron, upon grants
of land to States to aid in the construction of
railroads, and upon miscellaneous matters.
On motion of Mr. COBB, of Georgia, the House
(at twelve'o'clock and thirty minutes) adjourned
until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 3, 185G.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a cor-
rection of the Journal. The Journal does not
'' show that the resolution and report of the Senate,
,j on the subject of the alleged assault on a member
j; of that body, was referred by the House to the
!| select committee which reported yesterday. I
ij move, therefore, that the words,Si and to wlfom
!j was subsequently referred the resolution and re-
!! port of the Senate upon the'same subject, be
