1856.]
APPENDIX to the congressional globe.
631
34th Cong....1st Sess.
▼err sanctuary of republican liberty. What
would you think of * reckless man who should
set fire to his own house, or should go about
claiming the privilege of throwing his fire where-
evcr he could among the moat combustible ma-
terials, and say he had the right to do bo, on
the ground that he was a freeman, and could do
as he pleased. Away 'with such liberty! Lib-
erty that is worth anything must be in the har-
ness of the law.
Liberty of speech and liberty of the press
must hare two restraints. The first is the high-
est, which will always govern a class of men
who cannot violate it—the obligations of honor,
decency, and justice. Another restraint upon
licentiousness is that a man may publish and
speak what he pleases with a knowledge that
he is amenable to the tribunals of the law for
what he has done. Congress cannot pass any
statute to say that men shall not write against
religion, or against the Government, or against
individuals. Neither can Congress pass a law, nor
can any State pass a law depriving the tribunals
of the country of the right of saying whether
you have gone beyond the1 limits of liberty, and
have used your power, under that name, with
criminal recklessness, with a licentious indiffer-
ence to the feelings of individuals and the conse-
quences upon society. I do not wish to live in
any community where it is otherwise.
The press is losing its power, and it ought to
lose it; for it is now beginning to be an engine
of private revenge, and individual expression,
instead of being a responsible organ of public
opinion. Suppose I were to go to New York,
and indict one of the editors there whom I could
name, for the most atrocious libel that has ever
been uttered upon the South. I will not name
the editor, but he has uttered a sentiment akin to
one which has been expressed by the Senator
from Massachusetts. I saw in a New York
paper—I have alluded to it heretofore—a state-
ment that the southern States are too feeble and
■weak to take any part in a war—that all they can
do is to take charge of their negroes! It said
that if a war should take place between England
and the United States, the English fleet would only
have to go to the capes of the Chesapeake, ana
the effeminate masters would be kept at home.
Fifty thousand slaves, inured to toil, could be
mustered into service, and they would have the
power to put their masters to the sword; and
when the declaration of peace should come, the
result would be thefreedom of the slaves and the
proscription of the masters! Suppose I should
go into the community where this libel was
uttered, and indict a man for such a sentiment as
this, what would be the consequence in the
present state of public opinion ? It is idle, worse
than idle, to talk about that as a remedy.
Liberty of the press! Sir, that man has franked
twenty thousand of his speeches; and some of
them, if I am not misinformed, were printed long
■before it was delivered. To bring him within the
privileges of parliament is a mockery—a perfect
mockery.
Now, Mr. President, I approach another most
painful part of this case, and I come to it in no
bad temper; for, God knows, if my heart could
be read, there is no one who would sooner than
myself have averted the state of things which
now exists, if I could, consistently with my honor
and the honor of the gentleman to whom I shall
allude. The resolutions of Massachusetts under-
took , before any evidence was heard, to pronounce
sentence on Mr. Brooks. Sir, I will tell you who
Mr. Brooks is, and why he felt so deeply in refer-
ence to these abominable libels. I do not allude
•to him now as my hereditary kinsman; I think
that is the smallest view to take of the matter; but
I am his constituent. I live in "Ninety-six"—
a district through which, if you pass, you will
read upon the tombstones epitaphs which would
reproach him for tame and ignominious submis-
sion to wrong and to insult.
He has as proud and intelligent a constituency
as are to be found in any part of the globe. I am
his constituent. But more than that, he has worn
the epaulet and the sword; he has marched under
the Palmetto banner, and his countrymen have
awarded to him a sword for his good conduct in
the war with Mexico. That sword was in some
Mr. Brooks and Mr. Sumner—Mr. Sutler
W
Senate.
measure committed to him, that he might use
it, when occasion required, to maintain the honor
and the dignity of his State. When he heard of
this speech first,and read itafterwards, this young
man,"in passing down the street, heard but one
sentiment, and it was, that his State and his blood
had been insulted. He could not go into the
drawing-room, or parlor, or into a reading-room,
j without the street commentary reproaching him.
j Wherever he went, the question was asked,
"Has the chivalry of South Carolina escaped, and
[ is this to be a tame submission ?" What advice I
. would have given him I do not now undertake to
I sa£*
I But, sir, when this was said to this gentleman
wherever he went, he felt that if something was
not done he could not face his constituents with-
out losing his usefulness, and without there being
a taint on his honor and on his courage. He may
have been -mistaken in some respects. His
coming into the Senate house was no option of
his. When he formed his determination, as I
am informed,—and I have kept aloof from con-
versation with him,—I judge from the evidence
he had no purpose to profane the Senate house.
I say the Senate house had been profaned before.
I had rather to-morrow take ten blows inflicted
on my body, than have the gas of the rhetorician
poured out upon my character and State.
The Senator from Massachusetts chose to
make his place here one from which to assail the
history and reputation of South Carolina, and
to assail an absent constituent of the gentleman
who has taken redress into his own hands. In
such a condition of things who could be placed in
a situation more difficult? Surely, Mr. Presi-
dent, something is to be pardoned to the feelings
of a man acting under sensibility, and under the
dictates of high honor. If any one was here,
placed in a situation to feel the touching appeal
made by the ghost to Hamlet, "If thou nast
nature in thee, bear it not," he was the man.
Now, I ask the Secretary to read the extract
which I have marked in the book which I send
to him, and I do not intend to say where it comes
from till it is read.
The Secretary read as follows:
" Do not believe that I am inculcating opinions, tending
to disturb the peace of society. On the contrary, they are
the principles that can preserve it. It is more dangerous
for the laws to give security to a man, disposed to commit
outrages on the persons of his felloW'Citizens, than to au-
thorize those, who must otherwise meet irreparable injury,
to defend themselves at every hazard. Men of eminent
talents and virtue, on whose exertions, in perilous times,
the honor and happiness of their country must depend, will
always be liable to be degraded by every daring miscreant,
il they cannot defend themselves from personal insult and
outrage. Men of this description must always feel, that to
submit to degradation and dishonor is impossible. Nor is
this feeling confined to men of that eminent grade. We
have thousands in our country who possess this spirit; and
without them we should soon deservedly cease to exist as an
independent nation. I respect the laws of my country, and
revere the precepts of our holy religion; I should shudder
at shedding human blood; I would practice moderation and
forbearance, to avoid so terrible a calamity; yet, should I
ever be driven to that impassable point, where degradation
and disgrace begin, may this arm shrink palsied from its
socket if I foil to defend my own honor'"
Mr. BUTLER. Who uttered that sentiment?
It is the sentiment of a gentleman whose speeches
have always commended him to me. It is a sen-
timent worthy of the ancient days of Boston when
Dexter spoke. This is a northern man speaking;
and I adopt his language. 1 say with him that,
when things" tend to tnatimpassablepointwhere
degradation and disgrace begin, may my arm
shrink palsied from its socket if I fail to defend
my own honor! "
Sir, that sentiment was uttered at a time when
clergymen confined themselves to the pulpit, and
preached against crime and vice; when tney did
not use the pulpit as a recruiting station to issue
Sharpe's rifles, and to mingle in all the bitter strife
of the forum and the Agora. It was uttered when
Boston knew how to respect the feelings of others.
1 concur in all that is said by Mr. Dexter. I
deprecate blood and violence. I will not utter
all that my heart prompts me to say, for fear of
encouraging young men; but this 1 will say, that
no son of mine should ever submit to insult
without satisfaction.
[The honorable Senator, at this point, yielded
the floor at the suggestion of Mr. Clay, on whose
motion the Senate adjourned.]
Friday, June 13,1856.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, whilst I am
indebted to my friend from Alabama [Mr. Clay]
for asking that this debate Bhould be adjourned
over until to-day, I regret very much that I did
not finish my remarks yesterday; for I do not wish
to detain the Senate on this subject longer than
justice and propriety, and a regard to the ques-
tions involved require.
Of course, Mr. President, it is obvious that I
have become involved in this controversy in such
a way as to make me, I hope, justly sensible to
all the consequences which may grow out of the
issue—not that I hold myself at all, directly or
indirectly, responsible for the consequences which
have followed the extraordinary speech which
was delivered by the Senator from Massachu-
setts; but there are questions which have grown
out of the assault that followed the speech, of a
graver import than at one time I had thought the
subject could assume. I think the resolutions
from Massachusetts will present questions here
for the consideration of the Senate, and I may
say for the consideration of Congress, of a char-
acter never presented before.
I had yesterday spoken of those resolutions
only in one point of view—so far as they de-
nounced the assault of my friend and relative,
Mr. Brooks, as a violation of the freedom of
debate. I had not ventured to speak of the reso-
lutions as I intend to do before I have closed my
remarks. From conversation with others, as well
as from my own reflections, I am satisfied that
they are resolutions of dangerous import and
precedence, utterly unknown in the history of
this country before. I think they show that one
State of the Confederacy may make a fearful issue
in the Congress of the United States, under the
immunities and privileges which by courtesy are
sometimes extended to States, but would not
otherwise grow up. If it is in the power of-Mas-
sachusetts or South Carolina, or in the province
of any one State in the Union—Wisconsin or
Texas—to make such a quarrel as must neces-
sarily result in an angry controversy that may
array the different sections of the Union against
each other, it is one of the most dangerous views
in which the power of a State Legislature can ex-
ercise the privilege or courtesies which have been
awarded to it.
Sir, I have intimated this much with a view to
show that I intend to denounce those resolutions—
to denounce them strongly—not that I denounce
the individuals who passed them. I hope that I
can go higher than the resentment to the mere
individual who may assault the history of my
State, or who may impugn my character. This
is a question that goes deeper and higher—very
far beyond anything which is involved in a mere
personal controversy. I will reserve those re-
marks on the resolutions until after I shall have
finished what I intended to say yesterday in re-
lation to the actual state of things growing out
of the speech delivered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
I said yesterday that my friend, my represent-
ative, my relative, one who is associated with me
by more ties than either of these—had taken
redress in his own hands—had resorted to his
own mode of redress. I said that there were con-
siderations connected with the occasion which,
though they could not justify him before a legal
tribunal, would excuse any man of his character
and position, representing such constituents as
he represented, and bound in some measure to
sympathize with the opinions of the section with
which he is associated. It was impossible that
he could separate himself from those conclusions
which others might not appreciate, and somecould
not understand. But I say that gentleman dare
not—I do not say 1 would have advised him—
but in his estimation he could not go home and
face such a constituency without incurring what
is the worst of all judgments—the judgment of
the country against a man who is placed as a sen -
tinel to represent it.
If, in the course of these proceedings and the
events which have grown out of the speech which
has been made by the Senator, it shall be said
that Massachusetts can be justified by falling
back on an opinion which will justify her Sena-
tors and Representatives, itis, 1 must be permit-
