1368
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 9,
inserted, so that the Journal shall read: " Mr.
Lewis D, Campbell, from the select committee
appointed on the 23d ultimo, to investigate the
alleged assault on the Hon. Charles Sumner by
the Hon. Preston S. Brooks, a member of this
House, and to whom was subsequently referred
the resolution and report of the Senate upon the
same subject, made a report," &c.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Journal will
be so corrected, if there be no objection.
No objection was made.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. CAMPBEL.L. I now move that when
this House adjourns, it ad journ until Friday next.
It is evident that there will be no quorum here
this week. Many members have gone to the Cin-
cinnati convention; and I think it is due to them
that we should not make any effort tp transact
business until their return.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I fully concur
with the gentleman from Ohio that there will be
no quorum of the House before Friday next; but,
if there is any one provision in the Constitution
more plain than another, it is that less than a
quorum can adjourn from day to day; and my
own opinion is, that less than a quorum cannot
adjourn for a longer period than from one duy to
the next. Therefore, I ask for a division on the
■motion to adjourn over, to see if there is a quo-
rum present, and a body competent to adjourn
over.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is evident that my friend
from Tennessee designs to be here every morning
at twelve o'clock, and, I doubt not, luive the
Journal read, and then move to adjourn. I there-
fore withdraw my motion; for if a division is had.
it is evident that less than a quorum will be found
to be present, and less than a quorum is not com-
petent to pass the resolution which I have pro-
posed. I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES. That is very sensible.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
the House (at twelve o'clock and five minutes)
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o Yluck, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
"VVkdxesuay, Jane 4, 1850*.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois I move that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Saturday next.
Mr. JONES, of TennesjM'c. [ call for n divis-
ion on that motion; emd I notice that here-
after, as long as no quorum i>-> present, i shall
call foradivision whenever the motion i.c> made to
adjourn over. I come here for that purpose: and
I would rather come twiee a day than to permit
130 plain a provision of the Constitution to be vio-
lated.
Mr. TRAFTON. I differ with the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] in his construction
of the Constitution upon this matter. As a gen-
eral thing, i think his opinions are piettv relia-
ble, but in this particular instance he evidently
misapprehends the Constitution, I (an see noth-
ing in the Constitution 
Mr. COX. I do not wish to imerrupt the gen-
tleman; but is this question debatable ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, it i? not.
Mr. TRAFTON. Well, sir, then I wish to
call the attention of the gentleman from Tennes-
see ^to the matter. Jf he will examine into the
subject, I think he will see that his construction
is wrong.
Mr. JOKES. The gentleman will find that the
Constitution provides that less than a quorum
may adjourn from day to day,and, as a matter of
course, cannot adjourn for a longer period.
Mr. TRAFTON. If the question is debat-
able I have the floor.
Mr. NICHOLS. I hope the motion to adjourn
over will not be persisted m. It is evident that
there is no quorum present, and that we cannot
adjourn over without, if objection be made. I
think that to meet and adjourn from day to day
is as much as we. can expect; and I hope, there-
fore, tliat the motion to adjourn over will not be
persisted in.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from Tennessee insist on his call for a di-
vision ?
Mr. JONES. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I will withdraw
my motion.
Mr. COX. I understand that there is a com-
munication which perhaps ought to be laid before
the House, and for that purpose 1 will withdraw
my motion to adjourn.
Mr. JONES. I expect we had better transact
no business with less than a quorum.
Mr. COX. Then I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. TRAFTON. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House then (at ten minutes past twelve
o'clock) adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
' o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 5, 1856.
Mr, STUART called the Senate to order.
The Secretary read the following note:
June 5, 3S56.
Do rnc the favor tu take the chair to day.
Vom>, fruly, JESSE D. RRIGT1T.
IIou. C. E. Stuart.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN".
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered. That the hens of Win. It. Paj e, deceased, have
leave to wjtluhaw his petition and papers that they maybe,
releried to the Court of Claim-*.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June f>, 18f)(j
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. THORINGTOX. 1 move that the House
do now mljourn.
]\Ir. TRAFTON. f desire to offer a resolution,
which is, I bi'heve, m order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I must object to
any resolution*. We cannot do any business.
.Mr. TRAFTON". I think if the gemlum.tn
would hear the resolution read, lie would not
object to jt.
Mr. JONES. I could not allow a
to pass under the circumstances.
Mr. FLORENCE. What is the resolution
about ?
A Member. It is to send the Sergeant-at-Arms
to Cincinnati to bring back the members.
Mr. TRAFTON. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. JONES. Can the Chair entertain that
motion when it is evident that there is no quorom
present?
The SPEAKER. It is very apparent to the
Chair that there is no quorum present.
Mr. JONES. There was a genera! understand-
ing among members of the House when we ad-
journed last week, that there would be no business
done this week, and 1 am for adhering to that
understanding. There are not members enough
in the city to do any business, and I am not wilhng
to be a party to doing anything.
Mr. THAFTON". Move a call of the House.
Mr. JONES. I do not want a call of the House.
I do not want to make any show of who is here,
and who is not here. 1 am willing to abide by
the understanding of the House last week.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a question of or-
der. I submit that there is no question before the
House that is debatable.
The SPEAKER. IgPhe Chair thinks that de-
bate is not in order. The Chair decides that the
resolution of the gentleman from Massachusetts
is not in order.
Mr. TRAFTON. Can it not bo read by gen-
eral consent?
Mr. JONES. No, you cannot do anything.
Mr. NICHOLS, I wish to ask a question of
the Chair, If the resolution of the gentleman
from Massachusetts be in reference to a call of
the House, is it not in order?
t The SPEAKER, The Chair has read the res-
olution, and that is not its purport*
Mr. FLORENCE. Or if it proposes to adopt
some means to enforce the attendance of a quorum
of members.
The SPEAKER. Less than a quorum can
order a call of the House, but not pending a
motion to adjourn.
JONES. I wish to* ask the gentlemen
from Massachusetts and Pennsylvania if they
really want a quorum here ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. TRAFTON. The Constitution provides
that less than a quorum may compel the attend-
ance of absent members.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the resolution of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts is clearly not a call of the House in accord-
ance with the rules; buta call of the House itself
is not in order ppndmg a motion to adjourn.
Mr. PURYEAR. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. TRAFTON. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not oidered.
The House was divided on the call for the
yeas and nays, and there were 16 in the affirma-
tive, and 15 m the negative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THORINGTON. I withdraw the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and thereupon (at
ten minutes after twelve o'clock) the House ad-
journed until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock.
any resolution
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June G, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was rend nnd approved.-
And then, on motion of Mr. THORINGTON,
(at twelve o'clock and thirty seconds,) the House
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock,m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday,June 7,1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. THORINGTON. I move that the House
j1 do now adjourn.
!i The motion was agreed to; and (thereupon at
twelve o'clock and one minute) the House ad-
journed until Monday next at twelve o "clock* m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 9, 1856.
Prayer by the Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain
to the House of Representatives.
The Secretary read the following note from
the President of the Senate:
June 9,18o6.
Sir t Do me the favor to take the-chair to-day.
Yours truly, j. D. BRIGHT,
Hon. Charges E. Stuart.
Mr. STUART took the chair, and called the
Senate to order.
The Journal of Thursday was read and appro ved.
APPOINTMENT TO THE CHAIR.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Piesident, I am
sure the wuggestion I am nov/ about to make can
be ascribed by no one to any pergonal considera-
tions. It would give me great pleasure to vote
for placing you in that chair, sir, but I objoctto
the authority by which you now occupy it, I
deny that the President of the Senate has any
right, by letter, to delegate his power to preside
orerthis body. A similar instance occurred onco
before in the Senate—I do not know whether any
vote was taken upon it, but it was acquiesced
in, and admitted on all sides, that he had not this
power. Air. Atchison, a particular friend of
mine, then occupied the chair. It is a small afi'air
now, but J think the Senate ought to have a little
care of its own rights.
I shall not take up the time of the Senate in
discussing this question, I do not believe that
the President of the Senate has any power,
except he be present here, and authorizes, while
he is present, another member, for his personal
relief, to act in his place for the moment; but to
