1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1369
depute from day to day is more than he has a
right to do. I think this is so plain and obvious
that no argument is necessary on the subject. It
would give me great pleasure to vote for you, sir;
but I object to your presiding in that chair under
the. authority by which y%u are now sitting in it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I think this question is an
important one. There is no man here whom I
should be better pleased to see in the chair than
yourself, sir, and I would vote for you with great
pleasure, but 1 am very well satisfied that you
have no authority, as derived from the President
of this body, to occupy the chair. As remarked
by the Senator from Kentucky, I think the Presi-
dent of the Senate cannot confer the power.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
will indulge the Chair a moment in stating his
own position. Undoubtedly the Senators who
have spoken have spoken their precise feelings
on this subject; and I think I may say with pro-
priety that I have no desire to occupy this posi-
tion. My action has been based upon the rule
of the Senate, in compliance with the request of
the President of the body. The twenty-third
rule provides:
" The Vice President or the President of tlie Senate pro
tempore shall have the right to name a member to perform
the duties of the chair, but such substitution shall not
extend beyond an adjournment."
When the President of the Senate left the city,
he left with me several appointments written by
himself, which were to be presented each day,
with a note stating to me how long he should be
gone, and requesting me to present those notes to
the Senate, and occupy the chair agreeably to
his request. I shall certainly be willing to take
any course that is agreeable to the Senate.
Mr. CUTLER. Mr. President, I recollect very
well when this question arose before. I believe
it was on the second day after I took my seat in
the Senate; and I shall never forget the discussion
which took place upon1 it ip the course of the
proceedings that followed. Mr. Dallas, then
vice President, was sick, or so unwell that he
could not attend here in person. He wrote a note
to Mr. Atchison, requesting him to take the chair
while he was in the city. Some contended that,
constructively, he was so far present in the Sen-
ate, that he could call a member to the chair
within the meaning of the rule which you have
just read. A different view was taken by many.
I recollect that Mr. Benton, of Missouri, then
one of the oldest parliamentarians in the Senate,
said that he agreed entirely with the proposition
which had been suggested, that there is no such
thing as the appointment of a member to occupy
the chair except by the Vice President or the
President pro tempore in the Senate house itself,
and that the substitution continued no longer than
the adjournment of the Senate.
The delegation of authority, in writing, by the
President of the Senate when he is not here, is
not what was contemplated by the rule; audit
might lead, as you, sir, will readily see, to great
abuse. 1 recollect the course of proceedings on
the occasion to which I have alluded was unan-
imously to elect General Atchison to the chair.
Mr. CLAYTON. Make that motion now.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the honorable
gentleman who now occupies the chair be unan-
imously elected President pro tempore.
Mr. CLAYTON. I second the motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let the Secretary put the
question.
Mr. CASS rose at his desk, and said: I will
put the question. It is moved that my colleague
[Mr. Stuart] be appointed to occupy tempora-
rily the chair of the President of the Senate.
The motion was unanimously agreed to.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill (S. No. 9) to amend the naturalization laws,
with a view of postponing it until next Saturday,
when I shall ask the Senate to permit me to be
heard upon the subject. I know there are other
special orders that will intervene to postpo ne action
on it for a longer time; but the Senate has not
been in the habit of sitting on Saturday, and my
proposition will interfere with no one, for those
who do not think proper to attend need not do
so. I ask that the bill may be taken up with a
view to make it the special order for half past
twelve o'clock on Saturday, with the understand-
ing that I may be permitted to address the Senate
on that day.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and its further consideration was postponed to,
and made the special order for, Saturday, at half
past twelve-o'clock.
MEMORIALS.
Mr. PRATT presented a resolution of the
Mayor and City Council of Baltimore, Maryland,
in favor of an appropriation for the erection of a
marine hospital at that place; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FOOT presented three memorials of cit-
izens of Vermont, remonstrating against the'
further extension of patents granted to Cyrus H.
McCormick, Obed Hussey, and to Moore and
Hascall, for improvements in reaping and mowing
machines; which were referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
HOUSE BILLS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk,
announcing that the House of Representatives
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tion:
H. R. No. 134. An act authorizing a settlement
of the accounts of Charles P. Babcock, late Indian
agent at Detroit, in the State of Michigan.
H. R. No. 208. An act for the relief of Wil-
liam Humphreys, Jr., owner of fishing schooner
Good Exchange, lost at sea.
H. R. No. 226. An act to authorize the legal
representatives of Pascal L. Cerri to enter certain
lands m the State of Missouri.
J. R. No. 8. Joint resolution authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to settle the accounts of
Oliver M. Wozencraft.
Subsequently these bills were referred to ap-
propriate standing committees—Nos. 134and 8 to
the Committee on Indian Affairs; No. 208 to the
Committee on Commerce; and No. 226 to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. EUTLER. Mr. President, for consider-
ations entirely personal to myself, so far as re-
gards the time, I now give notice—as I see the
Senators from Massachusetts are not ill their
places, and as lam very desirous that they should
be in their places when I make the remarks on
the subjects which have given rise to so much
excitement in the country—that I shall ask leave
on Thursday next to take up the Kansas bill, or
the resolutions from Massachusetts, if they shall
come here, with a view to deliver my views on
some of the topics which were brought into de-
bate by one of the Senators from Massachusetts
on the 19th and 20th of last month. I promise
the Senate that I shall approach the subject with
no recriminative spirit. I shall make the issues
on the record itself; and I shall endeavor, with as
fair a mind as I can possibly exert on the sub-
ject, to direct my remarks in such a way that
they may correct public opinion North and South,
East and West. I shall not promise that I will
not use fairly the weapons of debate, but I shall
use them in reference to the issue which is made.
Now, I give notice that I shall ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up this question on
Thursday next, that I may acquit myself of this
duty, for I do not know how long I can remain
in the city.
Mr. TOUCEY. I move that the Kansas bill
(S. No. 172) be taken up at this time, for the pur-
pose of making it the order of the day for Thurs-
day, at half past twelve o'clock, if that will meet
the views of the Senator from South Carolina.
The motion to take up tlie bill was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I would suggest that, when
that bill was last postponed, it was postponed on
the motion of the houorablJUBcisator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade,] who is not now present, and who,
I suppose, according to the courtesies of the Sen-
ate, has the floor when the bill is again called up.
I certainly do not wish to interfere at all with the
Senator from South Carolina; but in that state of
fact, I suggest whether it would bo quite cour-
teous to the Senator from Ohio to make this bill
the special order at the time named, with the un-
derstanding; now proposed ? It was made the spe-
cial order for Friday of last week, but the Senate
adjourned over. I have a few remarks to submit
on the same subject myself, and 1 hoped to be
able to get the floor next after the Senator frop
Ohio"; but of course I must take nay cliance in
regard to it. . * -- ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion submitted by the Senator frowi
Connecticut [Mr. Toocey] to postpone the further-
consideration of the bill until Thursday- next,-.at-
half.past twelve o'clock, and make it the special
order for that time. ' '
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill to restore order and peace in Kansas; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there be no objection
I ask that the bill may remain in its present po-
sition and be printed.
Mr. PRATT. I think it would be proper to
let it go to some standing committee. That is
the usual course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on Ter-
ritories have already reported on this subject, and
1 do not kno'w that there could"be any object in
sending it to them. If there should be u re-refer-
ence of the whole matter hereafter, this may go
with the other bills on the same subject. I pre-
fer that it should not be referred now. It is a
short bill, and if it were printed every one would-
understand it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to print the bill. ;
Mr. ADAMS. I suggest to the Senator from
Illinois that, if he does not wish to refer-it tft the
committee, but desires to offer it as a substitute
for the committee's bill, he can have it printed,
with the understanding that it will be offered
hereafter as a substitute for the bill of the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did notpurposeto offer
it as a substitute for any bill that is before the
Senate. I do not know that it is .inconsistent -
with any other. I will state in a word all that
there is in the bill. It contains but two sections.
The first section provides for annexing the Ter-
ritory of Kansas to the Territory of Nebraska,
and extending the territorial laws of Nebraska—
they have already had a Territorial ^Legislature
there—over Kansas. It also makes provision
for the counties to remain as they are, and for
the laws of the Territory of Nebraska to have
full force in Kansas. The second section pro-
vides for abolishing all the offices and all the laws
now m existence in the Territory of Kansas.
My objcct in introducing the bill is to throw
in a proposition, (if it be worthy of any consid-
eration,) which will, I think, if adopted, give
immediate peace to the country. I do.not wish
.to discuss it at all now. It is a proppsitien which
struck me as being one that might be worthy of
some consideration, and I should be exceedingly
glad if it strikes other minds in the same way.
There is a state of things existing in tlie country
which, I apprehend, all good men on all sides de-
plore; and it is with a view to put an end toitthat
I have asked leave to introduce the bill. If it is
desired to refer it to the Committee on Territo-
ries, I shall, of course, make no particular objec-
tion to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Has the bill been intro-
duced?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill has
been introduced and read twice, and the question
now is on the motion to print it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course it will be printed;
but I move that it be referred to the Committee on
Territories. I think it involves certain grave
questions that ought to receive a thorough invest-
igation. I am not atall displeased at the present-
ation of a bill of this kind, for Nebraska and
Kansas having been organized under the same
organic act, this measure is a tribute to the cor-
rectness of the principles involved in the Kansas-
Nebraska bill. It is an acknowledgment that
the true solution of any difficulties in Kansas is
under the Nebraska bill, and that the legitimate
results of that bill will correct all the evils there.
In Nebraska the bill has had a fair operation, for
there have been no emigrant aid societies to inter-
fere, no false systems of emigration, no attempt
to control the institutions of that Territory by
people outside. I find that my colleaguo has
struck on the true principle—that the only way
to restore peace is to leave the_ people to manage
their own affairs. His proposition is a tribute to
