THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fobrth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 23,' 1S56.
New Series No. 1.
THIRTY-FOURTH CONGRESS.
SECOND SESSION. .
IN SENATE.
" Thursday, August 21,1856.
Pursuant to a-Proclamation of the President
of the United States, calling Congress together in
extraordinary session this day, Senators assem-
bled in their Chamber at twelve o'clock meridian.
There were present-—
From the State of Veimont—Hon. Solomon Foot.
From tlie State of Massachusetts—Hon. Henry
Wilson.
From the State of Rhode Island—Hon. Philip
Alien.
From the State of Connecticut—Hon. L. F. S.
Foster and Hon. Isaac Toucey.
From the State of New "York—Hon. William H.
Seward.
From the State of .New Jersey—Hon. John R.
Thomson and Hon. William Wright.
From the State of Pennsylvania—Hon. William
Biglerand Hon, Richard Brodhead.
From the State of Delaware—Hon. James A.
Bayard and Hon. John M. Clayton.
From the State qf Maryland—Hon. James A.
Pearce and Hon. Thomas G. Pratr.
From the State of Virginia—Hon. R. M. T.
Hunter.
From the State -of'North Carolina—Hon. Asa
Biggs and Hon. David S. Reid.
From the State of Sou(h Carolina—Hon. Andrew
P. Butler and Hon. Josiah J. Evans.
From the State of Georgia—Hon. Alfred Iver-
son.
From the State of Florida—Hon. Stephen R.
Maiiory and Hon. David L.- Yolee.
From the State of Mabama—Hon. Clement C.
Clay, Jr.
From the State of Mississippi — Hon. Stephen
Adams and Hon. Albert G. Brown.
From the State of Louisiana—Hon. J. P. Benja-
min and Hon. John Slidell.
From the State Texas—Hon. Sam Houston.
From the State of Arkansas—Hon. William K.
Sebastian.
From the State of Tennessee—Hon. John Bell
and Hon. James C. Jones.
From the State of Kentucky—Hon. John J. Crit-
tenden and Hon. John B. Thompson.
From the State of Ohio—Hon. George E. Pugh
and Hon. Benjamin F. Wade.
From the Slate qf Indiana—Hon. Jesse D.
Bright.
From the State qf Illinois—H.on. Stephen A.
Douglas. .
From the State of Michigan—Hon. Lewis Cass
and Hon. Charles E. Stuart.
From the State of Wisconsin—Hon. Henry
Dodge and Hon. Charles Durkee.
From the State of California—Hon; John B.
Weller.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators will
please come to order. The Secretary will read
the proclamation of the President of the United
States.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
By the President of the United States of America.
A Proclamation.
Whereas, whilst hostilities exist with various Indian
tribes on the remote frontiers of the United State?, and
whilst in other respects the public peace is seriously threat-
ened, Congress has adjourned without granting necessary
supplies for the Army, depriving the Executive ot the power
to perform his duty in relation to the common detente and
security, and an extraordinary occasion has thus arisen tor
assembling the two Houses of Congress: 1 do, therefore, by
this my proclamation, convene the said Houses to meet at
the Capitol, in the city of Washington, on Thursday, the
21st day of August instant; hereby requiring the respective
Senators and Representatives then and there to assembly
to consult and determine on such measures as the state ot
the Unxon may seem to require
In testimony whereof i have caused the seal of the
.. 1 United States to be hereunto affixed, and signed Uie
I J same with my hand.
Done at the city of Washington, the 18th day of August, m
the year of our Cord one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
six, and the independence of the I'mt^d States the eiehty-
first. FRANKLIN PIERCE.
By order:
W. L. Marcy, Secretary of State.
ORGANIZATION.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary acquaint tne House of Rep-
resentatives that a quorum of the Senate is assembled, and
that the Senate is ready to proceed to business.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives,by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that a quorum of the House had assem-
bled, and was ready to proceed to business; also,
that the House of Representatives had appointed
a committee, to join such committee as may be
appointed on the part of the Senate, to wait on
the President of the United States, and inform
him of the organization of the two Houses; and
that the committee on the part of the House of
Representatives consisted of Messrs. Phelps,
Morgan-, and Cullen.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Resolved, That a committee be appointed to join such
committee as may be appointed by trie Hou-^e of Represent-
atives, to wait on the President of the Unite:1. States, and
inform him that a quorum of each House is assembled, and
that Congress i> ready to receive firmi him any communi-
cation he may de:-ire to make.
The committee appointed on the part of the
Senate consists of Messrs. Iyerson, Allen, and
Jones, of Tennessee.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT. .
A message from the President of the United
States was received, by Mr. Sidney "Webster,
his Secretary, which was read. [For the message,
see the proceedings of the House of Representa-
tives.]
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the message be
printed, and that ten thousand additional copies
be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS OF THE SESSION.
Mr. HUNTER. I offer the following joint
resolution:
Resolved, (tlie House of Representatives concurring,)
That so much of the 21st joint rule as requires six days
from the commencement of the session before resuming
the consideration of bills, resolutions, and reports remain-
ing undetermined at the close of the last session, be sus-
pended during the present session, so far as relates to the
bill (H, R. No. 153) making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending lite 30th of June, 1857.
I will state that the object of that resolution is
to confine the action of this called session of Con-
gress, so far as bills are concerned, to that single
bill which occasioned the call. I hope that may
be the pleasure of the two Houses, as we are
anxious to adjourn as soon as we have disposed
of the necessary business of the country. That
being accomplished, we shall have done all we
proposed to do when we agreed to the adjourn-
ment on the 18th instant.
Mr. SEWARD. I understand the effect of
this resolution will be to abrogate the rule so far
as it affects the Army appropriation bill, which
failed between the two Houses by the adjourn-
ment. Having no desire myself to expedite the
passage of that particular bill, as it has been
amended in the Senate, by striking out the in-
hibition against employing the Army to enforce
the acts of the Territorial Legislature (so called)
of Kansas, and at the same time having no dis-
position to embarrass the House of Represent-
atives in its action upon the subject for which
Congress has-been reconvened, I should, if I
were at liberty to vote, vote against this reso-
lution. As it is, I will call for tlie yeas and nays
upon it; stating for myself that I am unable to
vote, because t have paired off, as to voting at
this session, with the honorable Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] so long as lie shall be
out of his seat.
The PRESIDENT pre tempore. The Chair
understands there is no objection to the consider-
ation of the resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
: taken, resulted—yeas 35, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennes-
see, Benjamin. Biggs. Bjgier, Bright, Brodhead, Brown,
; Butler, Cass, Clay, Clayton, Crittenden, Dodge, Douglas,
' Evans, Hunter, iverson, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory,
' I'earce, Pralt. Pngti, R"id. Sebastian. Plideli. Stuart,
Thompson of Ke-ntneky, Tnoinson of Kew Jersey^ Toucey,
WeHcr, Wrc'Su. and Yulee— 35.
NAYP—ilessrs. Durkee, Foot, Foster, Houston, Wade,
; and Wilson—6.
So the resolution was agreed to.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER. I offer another business res-
olution that may be necessary to enable us to act
on executive business:
Resolved, That the standing committee* appointed dur-
ing the last session of the Seriate be, and they hereby are,
reappointed and continued during the present session.
Mr. SEWARD. I suggest the addition of the
words, " as they stood at the adjournment."
Mr. HUNTER. I accept that amendment.
The resolution as amended was agreed to.
BILLS OF THE LAST SESSION.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. CtLi.0M,th<"ir Clerk, an-
, nouncing that the House had passed a joint res-
olution, providing that such bills as passed both
I -Houses at the last session, and for want of,time
were either not presented to the two Houses for
the signature of their presiding officers,or, having
been thus signed, were not presented to the Pres-
ident for approval, may be now reported or pre-
sented to the President as if no adjournment had
taken place.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to that matter, I
do not see how we can agree to it. We cannot,
certainly, without a violation of the rule, take up
a batch of bills and pass them by joint resolu-
tion. Those bills have failed; they failed to receive
the President's signature; they no longer appear
either on our Calendar or on our table; and the
usual course heretofore has been to renew proceed-
ings, and institute the bills de novo. I see no other
course which is consistent with our rules. It is
entirely novel for the two Houses to attempt to
pass bills by a joint resolution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I cannot concur with my
friend from Virginia in the view which he takes
on this point. These bills are not dead—they are
saved By thejjeint rule of the two Houses in
my opinion, fliat rule covers all bills that were
" remainingundetermined in eithe>-House"at the
close of the last session, which stt.nd over until
the nsxt session of the same 'Congress, in the
same position in which they were left. These bills
were " undetermined " in the one House or the
other, for the reason that, al though they had passed
both Houses, and some of them received the signa-
tures of the presiding officers of the two Houses,
and others had not,In all cases there was an act
still to be done before they were " determined"
in the two Houses, and that act was for the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills to present them to tlie
President of the United States for his signature.
Until that committee perform that duty. these bills
remain m the Senate "undetermined" by the
Senate, ill the hands of one of our committees,
who had not discharged the duties imposed upon
them, and not discharged it for the reason that
they had not time; hence those bills remain " un-
determined" as much as if they had not reached
their third reading. Tlie object of our joint rule
is, that when business is perfected in part but
not determined by final definite action, it shall
not be lost because of that omission for the want
of time, but shall stand over m the precise posi-
tion in which it was lelt. I hold, therefore, that
it is our right and our duty, as these bills remain
undetermined, and as they are suspended and
protected by the joint rule of the two Houses, to
present them now to the President for his signa-
ture, in obedience to the Constitution.
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand it, this is not
business "undetermined" by the two Houses,
for the two Houses hove passed upon it, and the
presiding officers ot both Houses have signed the
