1370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
the correctness of the Nebraska bill, and a con-
demnation to those outside interferences, which I
am glad to perceive.
While that is the case, there is, however,
another ^principle which his bill will violate. The
laws of Nebraska have been made by the people
of Nebraska, and the laws of Kansas by the peo-
ple of Kansas. The proposition now is to abolish
the laws of Kansas, and to put the people of Kan-
sas under the laws of Nebraska, which they had
no voice in making. If it be true, as has been
alleged, that the people of Missouri invaded Kan-
sas, and made their laws for them, and if that be
a great outrage, my colleague's bill involves the
same principle by legislating the people of Kansas
under the laws of Nebraska. I think it violates
the 'great doctrine of self-government, and should
be thoroughly investigated before we act upon it.
I would, therefore, rather take time to look into
it. I will not discuss it now. If it shall be
referred to the Committee on Territories, 1 assure
my colleague that he shall have a report on it at
the earliest period, when we have an opportunity
of acting on it. There will be no unnecessary
delay growing out of its reference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not object to the
reference of the bill to the committee; but if there
be no objection I should like to hare it printed.
I wish to say a word in regard to an intimation
thrown out by my colleague, that the bill is a tribute
to the principle of the Kansas-Nebraska act. It
is well known that I think the Nebraska act has
no fixed principle m it; that it has no principle
which can be proclaimed alike in the North and
South. It is understood differently in different
parts of the country. My colleague himself will
not get up in the Senate now, and tell how he
understands that bill. If the question were put
to him, whether the Territorial Legislature of
Kansas has a right to exclude slavery, I doubt
very much whether he would answer it. If the
question were put to him, whether, in thcabscnce
of any legislation in the Territory of Kansas, the
owner of a slave has a right to take him there
and hold him as a slave, 1 do not presume we
could obtain any answer to it. In the South it
is understood lliat tin1 owner of a slave nuty take
him to Kansas, and hold him there as a slave
under what I conceive to be the delusive idea of
" State equality."
But while that is the understanding of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill in the South, no one advo-
cates it on that principle m the North—very far
from it. My colleague himself will not say here
upon the floor of the Senate that, according to his
understanding of that bill, a slaveholder has the
right, before any Territorial Legislature meets, to
go into either of those Territories with his .slave,
and hold him there as such. Nor, I apprehend,
will he say that the Tenitorial Legislature of
Kansas has a right to exclude slavery. Then the
fact that I have introduced this measure cannot
be regarded as an admission of the correctness of
the principle of the Kansas-Nebiaska act.
I am vciy free to say, that this is not such a
bill as I would prefer. I think the occasion of all
the mischief in Kansas has been the passage of
the Kansas-Nebraska act repealing the Missouri
compromise. I would be glad to'restore things
to their former position, and pursue a different
course.
Cut my object 111 introducing this bill is not to
answer fully my own expectations. 1 would be
willing to go further; for, sir, I mean to occupy
conservative ground 011 this question. I am sorry
to see strife in Kansas. It affords me no pleasuie
to hear that free-State men or pro-slavery men are
shot down. It affords me 110 pleasure to hear that
our fellow-cUizens are marshaled against each
othrr it\ that Territory, or in any other quarter of
tne Union. Itgivcs me no pleasure to know that !
a state of case has arisen when the army of the !
United States must be called into the field to pre-1
vent collision between our own citizens. 1 rcret 1
it; and I would be willing to yield much, wry '
much, to adopt some plan which would stou this
strife. r |
We know the origin of the strife. It is, in the '
lirst place, as I think, in an unfortunate act; and
subsequently, in the assembling of a Legislature!
as many belies, elected by persons from Mis-
souri; and the immediate difficulty now arises out
of the action of that assumed legislative body. I 1
thought, sir, that we could end the present troubles >
by getting rid of that legislation—foryou will ob-
serve that it is only as a temporary arrangement
that I have introduced this bill; not as a perma-
nent policy. I trusted we should all be willing to
yield much—I hoped my colleague would—to end
this strife. I think every good man should be
willing to concede something in order to restore
peace in Kansas.
This is the spirit in which I have introduced
the bill. It may be objectionable—it is objection-
able, if you please—in the point of view which is
presented, that the people of Kansas should be
placed under the territorial laws of Nebraska
when they had 110 voice in enacting them. Grant
it; but would it not be better that this should tem-
porarily be so than that we should have civil war
there? Another election will be held soon, and
this objection would then be remedied. Why,
sir, the Territory of Kansas is to-day placed un-
der the authority of a Governor whom the people
of Kansas did not elect—under the authority of
judges whom they did not appoint—under the
authority of marshals and attorneys whom they
did not select. I now leave out of view the ap-
pointments made by the pretended Legislature;
but all those officers whom I have named are con-
fessedly appointed by the General Government;
the people have had 110 voice in their selection.
This is objectionable in the point of view that
every people should have the right of self-gov-
ernment. Hut, sir, we cannot carry this prin-
ciple of self-government out to its fullest extent at
once. I do not mean to be understood as object-
ing, or thinking it wrong that the officers of the
territorial government should be appointed by
the President under the authority of Congress.
I believe the General Government lias power over
the Territories, and ought to exercise it properly;
and I think we are now witnessing the scenes that
arc transpiiing in the Territory of Kansas, be-
cause it has not been so exercised.
Then, sir, I apprehend, properly understood,
the proposition which 1 have made is not to be
regarded as an indorsement of the Kansas and
Nebraska bill. I should be willing, temporarily,
to indorse almost any principle which was not
most manifestly and outrageously oppressive, to
get rid of the pn sent state of things. It is 111 that
spirit that I have introduced this bill. I do not
intend to discuss tin1 matter at this time, and
should have said nothing, except Cor the sugges-
tions of my colleague. [ shall make 110 objection
to the bill being referred to the committee, but
should like to have it printed, 111 older that Sen-
ators may see what it is.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course the bill will bo
printid. There will be 110 objection to that, if
it be allowed to take the usual course.
I, sir, am as anxious as my colleague is to have
peace and quiet ristoied in Kansas, and T am
willing to yield all that ought to be yielded in
order to accomplish that desirable object. I am
willing to yield what the people whom he defends
will not do—that is, implicit obedience to the laws
of the land. Yield that, and you will have peace
iu Kansas. The tiouble in Kansas arises from
the fact that there isabody ofmenin the minority
who will not yield to the laws; who Will notobey
the judicial process issued by the courts; who set
at defiance the constituted authorities, and insist
that 1110b violence shall prevail over the laws and
constituted authorities of the country.
Now, sir, what I am willing to yield on that
point is to require obedience to the laws of the
land. But will the proposition of my colleague to '
legislate these people from under their own laws
into another Territory, and compel them to yield I
obedience to laws which they had no voice 111 1
making, remedy the evil? It is only legislating
this difficulty—or civil war, as he calls it—into
another Territory, and making it cover a much
larger space than it^iw does. You have strife and
turmoil in Kansas; and now you propose, instead
of compelling the rioters and the rebels to submit
to the law, to legislate them under another system
of laws, in anotherTerritory, and allow the strife j
to go 011 there, and have the same struggle in I
Nebraska and Kansas which is now confined to 1
Kansas. '
Sir, I am not willing to inflict all the curses of
the strife which now prevails in Kansas 011 the
people of Nebraska. They are innocent. They
nave obeyed the fundamental law of the Terri-
tory. They have yielded obedience to the con-
stituted authorities. They have observed the
organic act—the Nebraska bill. The principles
of self-government have prevailed there, accord-
ing to that bill. Abolition societies and emigrant
aid societies have not interfered there to pervert
the terms and the meaning of the law of Con-
gress in order to get up strife. The very fact
that both Territories were organized under one
law, with precisely the same provisions, and in
the one there is peace and quiet, and in the other
controversy, strife, and violence, shows that there
was a fault; and the fault is foreign interference
in Kansas. Strife and violence are the fruits of
that foreign interference. There is non-inter-
ference in Nebraska, and peace and quiet are the
fruits of it. I am not willing to legislate these
evils into Nebraska, in order to get up the same
strife there which is raging in Kansas.
But to avoid the real point, my colleague sug-
gests that the principle of the Nebraska bill, if it
has a principle, does not prevail to the fullest ex-
tent in Nebraska or in Kansas. He says that the
marshals are appointed by this Government.
Well, sir, the marshals of Illinois are appointed
by this Government. He says also that the dis-
trict attorneys are appointed by this Government
for Kansas and Nebraska. Yes; and so they are
in every State in the Union. He says the judges
there arc appointed by this Government. So they
are; and the United States judges in every State
in the Union are appointed in the same way, and
those judges have the same jurisdiction in these
Territories that the United States judges have in
New York, Virginia, Illinois, and every State in
the Union, and 110 more, unless the Territorial Le-
gislature confers it upon them. They have the
jurisdiction of the United States district judges,
and such other jurisdiction as the Territorial Le-
gislature may confer by law. If the Territorial
Legislature does not choose to confer local juris-
diction 011 them, they have none. If it does
choose to confer local jurisdiction, it confers it
on them, and they are judges for that purpose by
the act conferring it on them.
Then what becomes of this case? All the local
officers of the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas
are appointed by the people there as similar offi-
cers are in the different States. Their constables,
their sheriffs, their clerks of courts, their judges
of probate, their ministerial officers, arc all ap-
pointed by themselves in such manner as they
by law prescribe, as hlceofficers are m the States.
The United States officers, charged with func-
tions of a national and general character, are
appointed by this Government, as the United
States officers in every State in the Union are.
My colleague might make an argument to show
that Illinois is not a free State, governing itself,
because this Government appoints postmasters,
land officers, pension agents, district attorneys,
marshals, and a long list of Government agents,
to perform genera! duties belonging to the United
States, but not pertaining to the local affairs of
the State.
However, sir, I have replied to all this hereto-
fore, m the Senate and before the people. I will
not extend the discussion. My object was not to
laise <1 debate now, but to suggest, simply, that
this bill, so modest, so biief as it is, ought to bo
referred to a committee, in order that we may see
whether it will remedy the evils or not.
My colleague has also said, that the Nebraska
bill contained no principle which could be pro-
claimed alike in the North and the South. He
had better read the proceedings of the Democratic
National Convention at Cincinnati, as he is so
good a Democrat, and acts with that party. He
will find that its principles are there proclaimed,
INorth, South, East, and West, every where alike
—proclaimed by a unanimous vote of that con-
vention, composed of members from every State
in this Union. Massachusetts and South Caro-
lina, Illinois and Louisiana, Ohio and Virginia,
understand the hill alike. All true Democrats
understand it alike, and have no trouble in con-
struing it. The only difficulty in construing the
Nebraska bill arises with the men who are op-
posed to it, and who are determined not to be
satisfied with it. When its fiiendsgct together—■
when Democrats from every State of the Union
get together—they understand one another pre-
cisely, and use language so unequivocnl that it
cannot be misunderstood. They say the great
principle of the Kansas-Nebraska bill was
