644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying for an amendment of the
bounty land law of March 3, 1855; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of New
York, in favor of the settlement of the claims of
the officers of the revolutionary army and their
representatives to half pay, and an amendment of
the pension and bounty land laws; which were
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Jo-
seph Webb, praying for an increase oi pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. HAMLIN. I present a memorial numer-
ously signed by citizens of Maine, asking for a
modification of the bounty land law of March 3,
1855; and I ask that it may be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FOOT. The Senator from Maine will
" allow me to suggest, that inasmuch as the Com-
mittee on Public Lands have already reported on
that whole subject, and the question is now be-
fore the Senate, the memorials in reference to
that matter should lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN. I knew that the committee
had reported a bill, but I did not know whether
they had considered all branches of the subject.
That being the case, however, I move that the
memorial he on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 have received another me-
morial on tiie same subject, asking for such an
amendment of the present law as will allow parol
evidence to be taken in certain cases. Tlie^bill
reported by the committee covers this case. The
memorialists also ask for a grant of land to all
who served for a shorter period of time than that
already fixed by law. I move that it lie upon
the 'table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. IVE11S0N presented a memorial of in-
spectors of the customs for the district and port
of Savannah, Georgia, praying for an increase of
compensation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. BlCrLElt presented the petition of Prances
C. Elliott, widow of Commodore Jesse D. Elliott,
praying for the reimbursement of the expenses
of her late husband, incurred while m command
of the Mediterranean squadron in the year 18.'!5;
which was referred, with the paperson file, to tho
Committee on Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
of Nancy M. Gunsally, late the widow of Ly-
man M. Richmond, who died of disease con-
tracted in service in the late war with Mexico,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was
refened to the Committee on Pensions
for
Also, three petitions of citizens of Iowa, praying
r the establishment of a mail route from Cedar
Rapids to Toledo, in that State; which were rr
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, two petitions of citizensof Iowa,praying
for the establishment of a mail route from Cedar
Rapids to Lafayette, in that State; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I present a petition of
settlers upon and near the agency or Old Mission
Reserve, atPort Atkinson, in Winneshiek county,
Iowa, praying for the right of preemption to the
lands settled by them. As the subject has been
reported on by the Committee on Public Lands,
I move that the petition bo ordered to lie upon the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of
John S. Vandyke, praying to be allowed back
pay, pension, and bounty land as an officer in tho
military service of the United States; which was
referred to tho Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Elizabeth
Srnoot, one of the heirs of Robert Speiden, a sol-
dier in the war of 1819, who died of disease con-
tracted in the service, praying' to be allowed a
pension and bounty land; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of Wil-
liam De Buys, praying for the reimbursement of
the amount of a certain Treasury warrant paid
by him on a forged indorsement, while treasurer
of the branch mint at New Orleans; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a pe-
tition of citizens of Knox county, Indiana, pray-
ing that the land office at Vincennes may be con-
tinued, and the time expended for ascertaining
and adjusting land titles in the States of Indiana
and Illinois, formerly included within that dis-
trict; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD,
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of L.
C. Sartori, a lieutenant in the Navy, who has
been placed upon the reserved list, praying to be
restored to his former position in the service;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PRATT. I present the memorial of Com-
modore Philip F. Voorhees, complaining of the
action of the late naval board in his case, in con-
sequence of which he has been placed on the re-
served list. The commodore has been provident
enough to furnish me with a number of copies of
his memorial, which I intend to have laid on the
table ofSenators; and I invoke for the paperacare-
ful perusal. I move that the memorial be ordered
"to lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
petition of Van Rensselaer Morgan, a lieutenant
in the Navy, who has been placed upon the re-
served list, praying to be restored to his former
position in the service; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I hold in my
hand a memorial from the Legislature of the State
of Texas, which 1 intended to present to-day; but
owing to the fact that the Senator from Missis-
sippi' [Mr. Brown] has an unfinished speech
which ho intends to deliver to-day, I will post-
pone the presentation of this memorial until Tues-
day, when I will ask leave of the Senate to present
it, and to accompany it with some explanatory
remarks. I give this notice, so that that day may
not be fixed for any special order.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Onlcrcil, That tho petition of the le/ial lepresentativcs of
George Mayo, deceased, on the lilos of the Senate, bo re-
feiied to tho Comuntteeon tho Pobt Office and Postlloads.
On motion by Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, it was
Ordocd, That Snrepta Cleveland have leave to withdraw
hor meuioual and papery.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, it wa3
Ordered, That ilicpctition of John B.arnl Thomas John-
son, on tho filoa of the Senate, be referred to the Committee
on Claims,
Oil motion by Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the. petition of N. I!. Hill, administrator of
Gilbert iStalkei, on the tiles of the Senate, bo referred to
the Court of Claims.
On motion by Mr. BROWN, it was
Orrfcied, That the petition and papers of the owner of
the steamer Fanny be withdiaw   fiom the files of the Sen-
ate,and t cleared to the Committee on Commeico.
ATCIIAFALAYA RIVER.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
nrmli-cd, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate any infoim.ition in lu-s i>o«cs-
Mon in relation to the improvement oflhc b.u m the Atcha-
ialaya river, in the State of Louisiana; find also to inform
the rienaie whether, m hi* opinion, it would be expedient
to make an appropriation or a survey oi th* saino.
RED RIVER.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
lution; winch was considered by unanimous eon-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate any information in Ins posses-
sion in iH.Uiun to the improvement of the lull*? ot Red rive
_ .    .4 .   i > iiii.l tAiniin-iri tiir i' WllCfllf!
at or near Alexandria; and also to mibrm the Senate whether
m his opinion it would he expedient to make an appiopna-
tion i'or a survey of the same.
colton's atlas of the world.
Mr. FOOT. I offer tho following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Contingent Fund
of the Senate be directed to inquire into the expedient-) of
purchasing for the use of the Senate copies ot Col-
ton's Atlasi of the World.
I will merely state, on tho occasion of present-
ing tho resolution, that it is not my purpose that
the Senate should purchase any quantity of this
work for distribution to Senators, so that they
may retain them as their own property; but inas-
much as it is the latest and most complete atlas of
both hemispheres, and one to which all Senators,
more or less, h ave occasion for frequent reference,
the object of the resolution is simply to consider
the propriety of purchasing a limited number of
copies of the work, to be kept in the Secretary's
office, in order that Senators may be accommo-
dated with them from time to time. It is not
subject to the objection of being a resolution pur-
porting or intending to purchase this work as the
property of Senators, and to be delivered to them.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
The PRESIDENT. With what number does
the Senator propose to fill the blank?
Mr. FOOT. I propose that the committee shall
fill the blank on reporting the resolution. It is
simply a resolution of inquiry.
The resolution was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Silas H. Hill, William B, Todd, Samuel
Bacon, and other citizens of the District of Co-
lumbia, reported a bill to incorporate an insurance
company in the city of Washington; which waa
read a first time, and ordered to a second reading.
He submitted a report on the subject; which waa
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom were referred a petition of the in-
habitants of the collection district of Teche, Lou-
isiana, praying for the removal of the custom-
house, in that district, from Franklin to Berwick
City; and the petition of citizens of Louisiana
against the removal of the custom-house from
Franklin to Berwick City, submitted an adverse
report; which was concurred in.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom were referred the petition of
Mary Haubbert, praying to be allowed bounty
land for her father s services; the petition of Jonas
P. Levy, praying for bounty land for services in
Mexico; and a petition of citizens of Brooklyn,
New York, praying that the public lands maybe
divided into farms and granted to actual settlers,
submitted adverse reports; which were concurred
in.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of Joshua Shaw, of Bordentown, New Jersey,
praying for an allowance of a balance of an appro-
priation to compensate him for a percussion cap
invented by him, reported a bill for his relief;
which was read a first time, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading. He submitted a report on the sub-
ject; which was ordered to be printed.
He, also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution of the Legislature of
California in relation to a military road from Sac-
ramento Valley to Crescent City, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to lie upon
the table.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
petition of John H. Scranton and JamesM. Hunt,
praying for compensation for carrying the mail
i on Pugct's Sound, reported a bill for their relief;
which was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading. He submitted a report on tho
subjcct; which was ordered to be printed.
bills introduced.
Mr. WADE, by unanimous consent, previous
notice not having been given, asked and obtained
leave to introduce a bill to amend ail act entitled
"Anactmoreeffectuallytoprovidefor the punish-
ment of certain crimes against the United States,
and for other purposes;" whicli was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to introduce three bills, of
which I have not given notice. I wish to intro-
duce them now, because the Committee on Com-
merce have given notice that they will call up
bills of this character on Monday, and I should
like to have these bills introduced and referred to
that committee.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce the" following bills; which were road
