1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Politics of fhe Country—-Mr. Washburn, Jr., of Maine.
Ho. or Rbtps.
he is omnipresent in this debate, but he is omni-
present everywhere out of the debate. He says
that 1 " overflowed -with rage at the simple Sug-
gestion that Kansas had applied for admission as
a State, and, with incoherentphrttees, discharged
the loose expectoration of his speech, nor# upon
her representatives, and then upon her people."
I said it was a fra«d, and the Senate said so.
Whv did he single me ottt ? Agfci&, alluding to
me, he said:
" There wis no extravagance of the taicient parliartient-
arv debate Which he did not repeat; nor was there any pos-
sible deviation from truth which he did not make, with so
tnucU of passion, 1 am glad to add, as to save him from tha
suspicion of intentional aberration."
I do not "know that I have ever been an Imita-
tor in my life. Those who know me best say
that I am rather siii generis. I never borrow from
Demosthenes, and palm it off as my own. As for
my deviation from the truth, let me ask, did he
tell the truth when he quoted the constitution of
South Carolina, and there was no such clause in
it as he stated ? Did he tell the truth when he
undertook to say, that her imbecility was shame-
ful during the Revolution? I have shown that
she absolutely sent bread to Massachusetts. Did
he tell the truth when he meant to impute to me
what he has charged here? I retort upon him
everything that follows.
I retort on him the very language which he
applies to me. He accuscd me of such a pro-
clivity to error that I could not conform to the
line of truth, or was continually deviating from
it. I have convicted him before the Senate, by
the evidence which I have adduced, of calum-
niating the history and character of South Caro-
lina, and of misrepresenting her constitution.
He has done this, not in response to anything
I had said, or anything whicn Was legitimately
connected with the debate. He has undertaken
to charge me with ignorance of the law and the
Constitution, which is perfectly independent of
his arbitrary dictum—the dictum, allow me to say,
of a man who has never conducted a great law
case in'this country. I believe no one would buy
an estate worth $10,000 upon his opinion of the
title. I would not engage him to conduct a cause,
not that he is not a clear man, but I would not
trust him as a lawyer. And yet he undertakes to
be my judge. What right has he to pronounce
judgment on me as a lawyer? I am reduced to a
pretty predicament at this time of life, if I am to
be subjected to such a judgment! It is a judg-
ment about which I care little; and 1 do not sup-
pose any man would give fifty dollars for it even
in Massachusetts.
"He cannot ope his month bat ont there flies a blunder."
I sincerely hope that what he has said is a
blunder. 1 do not know but that he may have
thought he would escape scrutiny and exposure.
I hope that, when he opened his mouth and said
what he did in reference to these matters, it was
a blunder. He said of me, " the Senator touches
nothing which he does not disfigure." I can say
of him he has touched nothing which he has not
misrepresented, except it be in his general decla-
ration, and there is no detecting a man in that; it
is a matter of taste. I appreciate highly the com-
pliment I received this morning in the Boston
Courier as to the merit of my speech. The
Senator says of me, that "the Senator touches
nothing which he does not disfigure—with error
sometimes of principle, sometimes of fact." I
apply this to him with this exception: I say error
nearly always of principle, sometimes of fact. I
'leave the Senate to decide between us in that re-
spect. . Again he said of me:
" He shows an incapacity of accuracy, whether instating
the Constitution or in stating the law-^whettfer in the de-
tails of statistics or the diversions of scholarship."
I shall not compete with him in scholarship,
for I should be vulnerable there; but" men who
live in glass houses should never throw stones."
Of all the things which that Senator ventured to
dp, 1 think he exposed his house most when he
made that assertion, with the detection which 1
have fixed upon him of error, injustice, and ma-
lignity. It is nailed upon him, and he cannot
get rid of it. I care not how far fanaticism may
undertake to influence the judgment of public
opinion, it cannot alter the truth. Truth is
sometimes slow in making its impression on the
public mind, but, when made, it is evidence which
rtroduces a belief that cannot be resisted. That
belief will grow out of my statements, my re-
marks, and my references, and is just as certain
as the truth of the evidence, and he cannotescape
I from it.
Mr. President, I have detained the Senate much
longer than I wished. When I gave notice that
I should speak to the resolutions of Massachu-
I setts, it was with perfect confidence that the Sen-
I ator would be ih his seat. Finding that these
resolutions were not here, on Monday last I gave
notice that I should speak on Thursday, still con-
fident that he would be here? Yesterday, having
heard that perhaps he would not be present,!
inquired in as delicate a manner as I could when
he would be here ? Although our relations are not
friendly, I did not wish to assume a position
which would be even apparently inconsistent
With fttir chivalry and bearing. I inquired
whether he would be in the Senate within a fort-
night, and, if so, I said 1 would postpone my re-
marks. Finding that it was his purpose to go,
in a few days, to Massachusetts, and that he
would not be likely to return for three or four
Weeks, I could notallow the opportunity to pass.
I have stated these foots to show that I do not
stand here taking advantage of his absence. I was
willing to wait any reasonable time, but I could
notallow error to prevail longer in relation to my
State,my friend, or myself. This is my position.
Sir, if there is any one individual who more
than another regrets the. occasion on which I
have spoken, it is myself. I have no temper for
strife. I am passing through the last chapter of
my public life, and I have no wish to identify my
name with anything like a personal controversy.
I have never sought it. When the question comes
to be examined and 8olved, Who waBthe aggress-
or? it will be found that it was not I on any
Occasion. I^admit that 1 have three peculiarities
of matiner—impatience, excitability, and perhaps
absent-mindedness. They are peculiarities which
have followed me 'from the cradle. But, sir, I
hope 1 have never known the time when reason
ana repentance would not suppress even a tem-
porary injustice. If injustice is done to me, or
a wrong or insult offered, I never stop to parley
in words. 1 ask justice, and if it is not given,
I never would be in the wrong if I could help
myself; but When I am in the right I donot think
any man can blame me for vindicating my princi-
ples.
Now, sir, I appeal to the good sense? of this
country. I appeal to the lessons which its grave
history inculcated. I appeal to the position which
it occupies in relation to the history of the world,
and to the high responsibilities which now rest
on this Confederacy, not to allow it to be dissolved
in blood. If we are to separate, let us have com-
mon sense enough to do it in a way becoming in-
telligent men, who have learned their lessonsfrom
the highest sources of intelligence and wisdom.
If we are to live together, let it not be upon the
terms prescribed or intimated by the tone and
temper of the licentious and aggressive language
of the speech delivered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. It is impossible for self-respect to
allow me to rfit here and listen quietly to such a
speech. If there were separate confederacies
to-morrow, he dare not utter it without subjecting
himself to a peril Which he will not encounter
 ow. He would then put his section in a posi-
tion to make War, and he would be responsible to a
highertribunal than that of those who have erected
themselves into it tinder an influence which I
think must perish; and I hope the day is fast
coming when the fires of that limited sectionalism
will bum out, or will be reduced to the ashes of
disappointment and disgrace.
POLITICS OF THE COUNTRY.
SPEECH OF HOnTl WASHBURN, Jr.,
OP SJAISTE,
Ik tbk House or rgprestentatives,
Juiie 21,1836.
Tlre 'Honse being in the Committee of the Whole 'on the
Mate of the Union,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, said:
Mr. Chairman: In this year, 1856, a great
moral and political battle is to be fought. It is
the old quarrel-—the strife of centuries and con-
tinents—but one of its decisive conflicts is here
and now impending. As it shall be decided, so
will run the history of America and of mankind
for ages. The cause, so distinctly presented;
the parties, so boldly arrayed; the theater, so
vast and commanding; the time, so quick and
ripe; raise it to an elevation immeasurably above
any controversy which the world has witnessed
for two hundred years. In this elemental war—
this struggle of principles—Bhall justice, truth,
and humanity prevail, and give the future to an
earnest, increasing, generous civilization, under
whose beneficent sway the earth shall be subdued,
the forces of nature laid open, and the laws of
human progress truly interpreted and made sub-
servient to the advancement and welfare of the
race ? or, failing, shall this civilization itself, the
; child of so many struggles, agonies, and hopes—
" The heir of ail the ages in the foremost files of time"
! —be left to the fate which everywhere and for-
! ever attends the supremacy of wrong, fttlsehood,
and inhumanity ?
| Sir, it is for you, for the representatives of tha
| peop^| here, but rather for the people themselves
in the primary places of power, in the forum
which precedes tne caucus and the ballot-house,
to answer. The powers of right and wrong are
face to face; and, voluntarily or otherwise, upon
the one side or the other, you are all enrolled in
the service.
The old controversy goes on, but the issues
change. No longer have men to array them-
selves against the particular and individual wrongs
which the reformers of past ages denounced and
resisted. Not alone the work of Luther, not
merely the work of Hampden, not of Milton,
Marvell, and Sydney, of Washington and Jeffer-
son, is for this time or for you—but another tad
greater, as embracing theirs and that of every
reformer and philanthropist, of every law-giver
| and statesman, in the annals of Christendom. Itis
i yours to deny, to encounter, and to exterminate
the monstrous delusion, that man can rightfully
and justly hold property in man. Since the days of
Luther, no such cause, in the vastness ofits issues
has summoned men to the battle-fields of princi-
ple and opinion. That slavery is right is now
upheld ana maintained openly, boldly, defiantly
before the world, and impiously before heaven.
We are told that it is founded in truth and justice;
that it is so wise and proper that it ought not
to be limited in its benefits to any portion of the
country; and that to enlarge its area is a duty so
high &nd compulsory as to justify the breach of
compacts and compromises, and the violation of
the most solemn pledges of honor and good
faith.
This is the doctrine of to-day, spoken in words
by the representatives of half of the'States in the
union, and written legibly—ay, sir, in letters of
crimson, which neither heat, nor frost, nor thun-
der shall obliterate, in their works and deeds.
There is at last no room for error, doubt, or de-
ception. No longer do slaveholders excuse the
system of slavery, and bewail the misfortune or
its existence. They justify it, and plant them-
selves upon it as a blessing, which they propose
the people of the free States shall enjoy as well
as themselves, whether they will or not, or have
no advantage from the common territory of the
nation; for they know full well—none better,
because they have seen it all their lives—that
where slave labor is permitted, free labor is vir-
tually excluded; that if Kansas admits slave
labor, she at the same time and by the same act
repels free labor; I mean such labor as exists and
thrives at the North—intelligent, thrifty, respect-
able free labor, and not the ragged, unhoused, un-
taught, White labor of the slaveholding States.
Since slavery has taken this position, it becomes
the people of the free States to inquire more care-
fully than they have found necessary heretofore
into its character and claims. To us of the North
the whole question is now opened. If slavery be
right, it is very plain that there ought to be no
clogs upon its feet, and it is our duty to cease all
opposition to its extension; if wrong, it ought to
be put in fetters, and it is our duty to keep it in
the narrowest possible constitutional limits. The
claim that it shall go into Kansas implies the
declaration that it is right. The real question,
