1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
embodied in, atid followed as a result of, the com-.
promise of 1850, which was affirmed by the two
great national parties of 1852, the Whigs and
Democrats, in their national conventions. Its
principles were affirmed by the election of General
•Pierce, in 1852, and the Democratic Convention
now says that the same principles were rightly
applied in 1^54—that is the language—" rightly
applied. "Not only are they righ t in themselves—
not only are they right as to time and manner—
but they are right under all circumstances, and
right in their application to this case.
In this way every Democrat understands the
Nebraska bill. But, says my colleague, there
are men in the South who understand that, under
the Constitution of the United States, slavery
goes into a Territory without affirmative law,
and there are Democrats in the North who un-
derstand the reverse. That is true, sir; and there
are Democrats in the North who understand that
slavery goes there without affirmative law, and
others who say that it does not; There are Dem-
ocrats in the South who understand that slavery
goes there without affirmative law, and others
who understand that it does not. That, however,
is not a dispute about the Nebraska bill, or its
construction; it is a dispute in reference to the
Constitution of the United States, and its true
interpretation.
Mr. DURKEE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask his opinion on that point?
Mr. DO UGLAS. I will come to that presently.
I was saying that this was a dispute as to the
construction of the Constitution of the United
States, and whichever construction is right, the
Nebraska bill could not change it; the Cincinnati
convention could not change it; town-meetings
cannot change it. If the Constitution carries
slavery there without affirmative law, no power
on earth can take it away; and if it does not
carry it there, nobody proposes to have it unless
the people, by their own act, authorize it.
Thus it will be perceived that the Nebraska
bill confines itself to the Constitution by deciding
all that is properly subject-matter of legislation
and political action, and leaving the judicial ques-
tion where the Constitution of the United States
has left it—with the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. My colleague does not like the Ne-
braska bill because it did not decide a judicial
question in violation of the Constitution. I should
not like the Nebraska bill if it did attempt to
settle a judicial question which could only be
properly decided by the Supreme Court. The
Nebraska bill expressly provided that all issues
pertaining to slavery and personal freedom should
be settled by the courts of the Territory, with
the right of appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States. Thus, by the terms of the Ne-
braska bill, the question which my colleague
wishes me to discuss with him here to-day is
consigned to the Supreme Court for decision; there
the Constitution has placed it, and every Nebraska
man is bound to abide by thsit decision.
The Senator from Wisconsin asks me my opin-
ion on that judicial question. If one of the judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States had
asked it-for the purpose of enlightening him in
forming his judgment, probably I would give it
to him;,but I do not see the propriety of trying
to forestall ajudicial decision by town meetings,
by political conventions, or by the action of the
Senate. It is not our province to coerce and
dragoon that court in the decision of a constitu-
tional question, which is purely judicial, and not
legislative. I have too much respect for that
court and for myself to go into the discussion of
judicial questions on the stump, or in political
" meetings, or in the Senate, with a view of con-
trolling a. decision which is to be made by that
great tribunal.
Sir, I am willing to leave the exposition of that
judicial question to the Supreme Court of the
United States. I agree fully with the admirable
statement made by the eloquent and learned gen-
tleman from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] the other
day, in which he demonstrated that it was a
judicial question committed to the Supreme Court
of the United States. He told us'that the South
was willing to abide by that decision.- I trust the
North is willing to abide by it, too. The Demo-
cratic party is ever a law-abiding, Constitution-
loving, conservative party—a party which holds
that all true liberty is to be found under the pro-
tection of the Constitution and the laws, and that
the laws made in pursuance of the Constitution
must be obeyed. If we dislike them, they can
only be repealed in conformity with the Consti-
tution; and we must submit to them as long as
they are on the statute-books, unless they are
unconstitutional, and their constitutionality is a
question which must be decided by the'courts. It
is not to be settled by mobs resisting law, by
shooting down the officers of the law, by pledging
candidates for the judicial bench to decide con-
trary to the Constitution and their oaths as the
condition of their election. The courts must
decide the question according to the Constitution
and the law, and all must abide by that decision.
Thus we are brought back to the simple point,
whether the Constitution and the laws, as ex-
pounded by the highest tribunals in the land,
shall prevail; or whether a town meeting or a
political organization, when it finds itself in the
minority, is at liberty to become a mob, to defy
the law, and shoot down its officers? I shall not
occupy the attention of the Senate longer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I did not
design to be drawn into a discussion on the ques-
tions which have been raised. I asked leave to
introduce the bill, and preferred to postpone the
general discussion until it should come up regu-
larly in its order; but 'one or two propositions
have been laid down by my colleague to which I
wish to advert. I have heard that he laid down
similar propositions elsewhere; but I did not sup-
pose he would ever have the courage to avow
them upon the floor of the Senate.
1 threw out the suggestion that the people of
Kansas and Nebraska did not possess the power
of self-government, because they could not elect
their Governor, or appoint their judges, district
attorneys, or marshals. In reply to that sugges-
tion, I understood him to say that the marshals,
judges of the United States courts, and the dis-
trict attorneys, in the States, were appointed by
the President. I then understood him to say (and
I do not wish to misunderstand lnm) that the
jurisdiction of the judges of the territorial courts
was the same as, and no more than, that of the
judges of the Omted States courts in the States.
I understand, sir, that the judges of the United
States courts in the States of this Union have a
particular jurisdiction only, conferred by the Con-
stitution of the United States, and extending to
cases arising under the laws of the United States,
or where the United States is a party, or cases
between citizens of different States, or those af-
fecting embassadors, and some few other cases;
but they have no general jurisdiction either of
criminal offenses or civil suits between citizens
of the same State. Does not my colleague know
that the territorial courts havejunsdiction of suits
between citizens of the same Territory, and that
no other courts have or can have such jurisdic-
tion ? Does he not know that the Territorial
Legislature has no power whatever to confer upon
any other court than those established by the
organic act, jurisdiction over suits between the
citizens of the Territory?
If he does not know it, I beg leave to refresh
his recollection by reading a part of the twenty-
seventh section of his own Kansas act:
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That the judicial power of
said Territory shall be vested in a Mipieme eouit, district
courts, probate courts, and in justices ot' the peace."
There is the whole judicial power, and the
Legislature has no authority to create any other
courts in the Territory of Kansas, as my col-
leaguevvell knows.
Now, who appoints the judges of the terri-
torial supreme court? Turn to another section
of this act, and you will observe thatthe authority
to appoint these judges is vested in the President
of the United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate. Who appoints the judges
of the district courts of the Territory of Kansas ?
The President of the United States. It is true
the judges of probate and justices of the peace
are appointed by the Territorial Legislature, or
the Legislature provides for their appointment;
but what jurisdiction have they got? The probate
court, as you well know, has jurisdiction of test-
amentary matters — the settlement of estates.
The Senator's very act declares that justices of
the peace shallnothave jurisdiction to an amount
exceeding $100.
All judicial power, except that vested in the
probate courts relating to the seftlemehtof estates,
and that .vested.-in justices of the peace, vvhich
cannotexceed $100, is lodged in the suprWoe^nj
district courts of the Territory of Kjujseus^ ['xgt,
my "colleague has the assurance to .rise in the
Senate, -'and say that the territorial courts in
Kansas organized by his act have no other juris-
diction than that conferred upon theUnited'States
courts in Illinois or New York. 1 Why, sir, his
bill condemns him. They have all jurisdiction,
and. the Territorial Legislature - has no powejr )to
place it elsewhere, except that which belongs to
justic&s of the peace and to the probate courts.
The supreme and district courts are the only
courts into which the citizens of Kansas can go
to litigate their matters where the amount inoeji-
troversy exceeds $100. They are the onjy'tri-
bunals before which offenders can be "brought.
They are the tribunals before which the lives and
the liberties and the property of the citizens of
Kansas are at stake. Does the United States
court in Illinois have any such jurisdiction ? I
am utterly astonished that such a presumption
should be set up here upon the floor of the Sen-
ate in the face of this act!
But, sir, the attempt is made to assimilate a
Territory to a State, and to say that the people
of a Territory have the rights of the people of a
State. The idea is preposterous. My colleague,
in commenting on the officers appointed in a Ter-
ritory, left out the Governor. Who appoints the
Governor? The President of the United.States".
What sort of power has he? He is part of the
Legislature. The Kansas bill gives him a ve'to
power, and provides that, whenever he vetoes a
bill passedi>y the Territorial Legislature, it cannot
become a law, unless it be repassed by two thirds
of each branch of the Legislature. I believe there
are in the Council thirteen members, and in the
House of Representatives twenty-five members.
Let me suppose, then, that an act of the Legis-
lature is passed by the two Houses of Kansa's,
and is vetoed by the Governor; it comes back to
the people's representatives, and eight out of the
thirteen councilors and every one of the twenty-
five representatives vote for it, and yet the bill
is defeated. The whole House of Representa-
tives and eight of the councihnen cannot pass
a bill in the Territory <jf J^ansas, when all. tbe
people are clamoring for it, if the Governor thinks
proper to put his veto upon it. This is the
boasted principle of" self-government!"
But the Senator says the principles of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act are understood everywhere
alike, and tells me to go to the Cincinnati con-
vention if I wish to understand it. Why, sir,
this matter is covcred up in the Cincinnati con-
vention very much as it is in my colleague's bill
to organize these Territories. The Cincinnati
resolutions have not said whether slaveholders
have the right to take slaves into these Territo-
ries. It is true they have said that the people of
a Territory, when they come to form d State con-
stitution preparatory to admission into the Union,
have the right to establish or prohibit slavery,
leaving it to be inferred that, before that time,
they have no such right. It seems they had no
difficulty in coming tothis conclusion. My col-
league has no sort of difficulty m deciding the
constitutional question, as to the right of the peo-
ple of a Territory, when they form their consti-
tution, to establish or prohibit slavery. He is
willing to make that infringement on the province
of the Supreme Court. Now, will he tell me
whether they have the right before they form a
State constitution? If he is willing to give his
opinion, and have the weight of his influence bear
upon the Supreme Court in its decision of the
question as to the power of the people, when they
come to form their State constitution, prepara-
tory to admission into the Union, why will he not
give us his opinion as to their right while they
remain a Territory, and through their Territorial
Legislature?
Sir, we have been told here that one party in
this country was lowering its flag, and dared not
avow its principles. I am not going to.accuse
any one of skulking away from an avowal of
principles; but I should like to know what.are
the principles of that party which never lawers
its flag? You can give us your opinion .on the
constitutional question of the right of the people
of a Territory to prohibit or introduce slavery
at one period of their existence. Why not at
