646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 13,
Treasury a large sum of money in consideration
of his valuable services.
These are my suggestions, sir, and tliey are
made in good faith. I do not know why we must
proceed in the book-publishing business. This
is not a market overt, where people are to come
to sell their goods, wares, and merchandise. It
is a great arena of national concern for something
else. I have made war upon the publication of
books'by the Wilkes' Expedition at the national
expense. That expedition was away four years,
and it has taken them twelve years to publish the
results, at a cost of $25,000 a year. We sent
Lieutenant Gillis to Chili to make certain astro-
nomical observations. He has come back, and
written three or four immense volumes about the
history of Chili. These books are a nuisance to
Senators. When we send one book into a neigh-
borhood, we get half a dozen letters from other
people in the same neighborhood, requesting us to
send them a book also. Those men all pay taxes;
'and I say that a man who pays his tax, and thus
places money in the public Treasury, has as good
a right to a book as another. We only make in-
vidious distinctions between our friends by send-
ing out these books—these picture books—which
we are constantly in the habit of printing in the
shape of reports.
I am willing, in a proper manner, to aid the
book publishers of Philadelphia; but I do not feel
at liberty to use the public money for the purpose
of doing so. I desire to recognize the services of
Dr. Kane m the way in which we recognized the
services of La Fayette, and of Perry, and of other
distinguished men. Why, sir, according to the
account which the book publishers give of Dr.
Kane, all other men sink into utter insignificance,
and are babies by his side. Thoy damage well
earned reputations by bringing their book hero.
That is not the way to sustain the reputation of
a public man. The proper mode, in my judg-
ment, is to give a direct sum of money, or a vote
of thanks and a sword, or something of that kind.
Hitherto we have pursued that course in reward-
ing faithful public officers. But this Government
book-making business has grown into a mon-
strous evil, and it is about to break down, I beg
leave to inform my honorable colleague. I think
my honorable friend from Arkansas, the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing, will bear me
witness that the time to bring this system to a
close lias arrived. One million five hundred thou-
sand dollars have been taken in one year for the
purpose of publishing books. The members of
this august body have become mere agents and
clerks for the purpose of distributing books. A
gentlemen who is a member of this body, if ho
attends to the public business, has no time to
engage in distributing books and writing letters
to those who are constantly asking for them.
These arc my reasons for opposing the prop-
osition of my colleague. They are public reasons,
and they aie imperative on me.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 shall be very ^lad, sir, to re-
cognize my honorable colleague as an ardent friend
of Dr. Kane; and I doubt not, that when entirely
freed from excitement, he will be as jeady to ap-
preciate the services, the eminent ability, and the
genius of our constituent, as I am; but for .some
reason we differ very broadly as to the mode in
which the end which we both have in view shall
be accomplished.
It may be that Congress has gone too far al-
ready in regard to the publishing of books. 1
discover that large purchases of a similar kind
have heretofore been made. The custom of the
Senate has not been uniformly against such a
proposition as that which I have submitted, i do
not know how my colleague may have voted m
reference to any of the various purchases which
have been made by tins body from 1835 to 1854,
but I hold in my hand a list of purchases of books
which were not printed by the printer to Con-
gress. I do not sec the force of the point sug-
gested by my colleague as to forming aconncction
with a printer ot Philadelphia. Why, sir, what
is the difference between a printer at Philadelphia
and a printer in Washington city ? There is but
one difference which I know, and that is, that
the work will be much better done by the former.
There is that difference between this proposed
work and those to which my colleague lias re-
ferred.
Mr, BRODHEAD. I beg leave to interpose a
word of explanation just at this point. The works
to which I referred were books in the shape of
reports sent here and ordered to be published by
Congress. They were sent to us by the Secre-
tary of the Navy, or some other head of a De •
partment, and the error was here. I admit that
printing can be much better and more cheaply
done in Philadelphia than in Washington.
Mr. BIGLER. There are very striking points
of difference between the case of Dr. Kane and
any other to which my colleague has referred.
There is,in the first place, this marked difference:
that this expedition is the most extraordinary
that belongs to the history of our country—the
most brilliant achievement of any citizen of his
State. Another very distinct difference to which
the mind of my colleague ought to turn is, that
Dr. Kane, though acting under the instructions
of the Navy Department, was not patronized en-
tirely by that Department, or by the Government,
but by liberal citizens of the city of New York.
It is not singular that he has felt a delicacy on
this point. He has reported to the Secretary of
the Navy a brief and significant summary of his
services, and that account has commanded the
respect of that officcr, and he distinctly com-
mends the report of Dr. Kane's expedition to the
patronage of the Congress of the United States
m these words : "1 commend the results of his
explorations as worthy of the attention and pat-
ronage of Congress."
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is the report yet to
be made.
Mr. BIGLER. I-have before stated that Dr.
Kane has acted under the patronage of private
citizens, and has prepared a personal narrative
of the whole tour, which, as my colleague con-
cedes, will doubtless be an exceedingly interest-
ing book. This is the only report which will be
made. That which he has furnished to the press
will be all that the country will get, except a very
brief treatise on the formation of the structures
of ice and snow in the Arctic regions, which he
is preparing for the Smithsonian Institution.
Now, Mr. President, I am not willing to be
misunderstood oil this general subject. 1 do not
intend to throw myself open to the claims of
book publishers, nor will 1 encourage an extrav-
agant system of publication. In the course I
now pursue, I shall feel myself abundantly pro-
tected by the extraordinary character of this ex-
pedition, and the results which it has produced
to the country. It will be a long time before we
shall have piesented to us a parallel case. Many
a session of Congress will come and go before
any American citizen will achieve what Dr. Kane
has achieved. 1 am willing to take the responsi-
bility and the hazard of committing myself to the
purchase of a book like thin; and I pledge my-
self to my colleague to vote for every similar work
during all the time I may have the honor to remain
here.
Sir, I confess that there are achievements which
belong to mankind—intellectual, elevated, digni-
fied, and pure m their character—which we are
not at liberty to measure by the miserable stand-
aid of dollais and cents. This is one of them.
There are certain ends, the stimulant to which
should be far above a reward of money. Who,
sir, would recognize a standard of dollars and
cents by which to measure the honor of his
country—itsgloryand achievements in discovery,
m science, and m the advance of everything that
elevates and dignifies the character of a nation ?
Who will measure these by dollars and cents?
I am not willing to do it. The expedition of
Dr. Kane is in its results one of an extraordinary
nature; and, for my part, I ft-el willing to recog-
nize it directly, without considering the paltry
sum winch the publication of the book may cost.
1 have respect for the peculiar feelings of this
eminent gentleman, and have no desire to place
hini in a position which he seems to be very re-
luctant to occupy; and therefore the proposition
for the purchase of his book has been submitted,
lie has, of course, an interest in the copyright
—I think it amounts to a dollar on each copy.
He would receive from the sale of the copies
which Congress may take precisely the same
profit as from a similar number taken by private
citizens.
No sooner were the results of this expedition
communicated to the scientific associations of
Great Britain than they commanded universal
respect. The Royal Geographical Society of
England examined these results, recognized them,
and honored Dr. Kane for a success over all
other eminent men who had preceded him; and
yet my colleague is not entirely satisfied. The
Legislature of our State, by resolutions unani-
mously adopted, expressed their gratification at
the services of Dr. ICane, and commended them
to the consideration of Congress. The Legisla-
ture of New York, by resolutions also unani-
mously adopted, have presented him with a medal.
Notwithstanding all this, my colleague is not
exactly satisfied that we ought to take a few
copies of this book.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope my colleague will
not place me in that light. Not satisfied with
the proceedings of Dr. Kane in the Arctic regions!
Why, sir, I have expressed myself over and over
again as not only satisfied, but highly delighted
with the services of Dr. Kane; and I am willing
to place him by my vote here on the same foot-
ing on which we placed Commodore Perry when
we recognized his services in the Japan expedi-
tion. I hope, therefore, my colleague will not
say that 1 am not satisfied. I wish'to recognize
his services in the way in which such services
have been usually recognized—not by purchasing
copies of this book.
Mr. BIGLER. I perceive that the recognition
of Perry's expedition to Japan has cost some
$200,00(5, in addition to $25,000 directly voted to
him. This report was printed in additional this
large expense. Now, I have no inclination what-
ever to do the slightest injustice. The book to
which I have referred Dr. Kane has prepared
deliberately. His character is at stake on it. It
is what his report to the Secretary of the Navy
might have been. If my colleague makes it a
question of dollars and cents, he will see at once
that if Dr. Kane had made this detailed report to
the Secretary of the Navy, it would have been
printed here without a word of objection, and
would have cost twice the amount which we pro-
pose to expend for these books.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 move that this subject be
postponed until to-morrow morning.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF KANSAS MESSAGE.
Mr. WELLER. I move to take up the special
order, which is the bill (S. No. 124) to increase
the efficiency of the United States Army.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire, before we proceed
with the special order, to ask that the sense of
the Senate may be taken in regard to the pro-
priety of disposing of the motion, which is at
present on the table, for printing ten thousand
extra copies of the President's message, and ac-
companying documents, on Kansas affairs. The
Senate is aware that the whole debate hitherto in
relation to Kansas has been conducted on a sim-
ple motion to print ten thousand extra copies of
that document. Perhaps, it may be the opinion
of the Senate that no extra copies of that docu-
ment should be printed; but f desire to have the
question settled. The time within which we can
require the public printerto keep the types stand-
ing, to await the order of the Senate, has expired;
but the type is stili kept standing, much to the
detriment of the dispatch of other public work,
which is constantly pouiing into that office. I
would suggest that it might be as well to let the
motion of the Senator from California, to print
ten thousand extra copies of that document, be
referred at once by general consent to the Com-
mittee on Printing, so that they may report on it,
and thus get the subject disposed of. I may
suggest that the gentleman who is entitled to the
floor on this question could have it* by common
consent, on the report of the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to make a suggestion
which, 1 think, will relieve the honorable Senator
from his difficulty. There is one Senator who is
desirous to speak on this subject, and from whom
the floor was taken, [Air. Harlan.] When the
Senate shall have heard him, we will all agree
that the question shall be taken at once. There
is no other opportunity for his being heard.
Air. JOHNSON. I would say, in reply to the
suggestion of the Senator from New York, that
a practice, very usual in this body, by which the
public business is facilitated, can be pursued in
