1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1373
men of this country indicted as nui3ances? I
have not heard that they were. I read" in the
highest law of the land that the right to bear and
keep arms shall not be infringed. There is no
pretense of any law for this .outrage. No law
exists or can exist in these United States which
will authorize a sheriff—admitting now that he is
the valid sheriff—or a marshal, to go to a town
and demand from its citizens their arms. I should
like to know from my colleague whether he jus-
tifies this in the name of law and order?
Many citizens have been shot down in Kansas;
others have been set afloat on the river; others j
have been tarred and feathered, and all sorts of |
indignities have been heaped upon the people in |
that Territory. These things cannot be unknown j
to my colleague. Can it be that it gives him i
pleasure to see them enacted, or to see printing j
presses destroyed, and hotels burned down in the !
name of law and order? Why, sir, it is under j
the color of law that outrages are nearly always '
perpetrated. It is in the sacred name of liberty |
that the rights of men have ever been trampled ;
under foot. Oppressors call themselves the law
and order party; they seek for a color of law for
all their illegal acts, and all their outrages; but so
far from sanctifying the illegal deeds, it adds to
their infamy. It is calculated to bring all law
into disrepute, when the officers pretending to be
clothed with its authority make it a cover for
theirlllegal acts.
Now, sir, it is to escape, from this state of
things, and because I have felt it is right to yield
something of my individual opinions to get rid
of them, that X have introduced this bill. It is
not such a proposition as X would prefer. My
colleague may have the satisfaction of saying that
it indorses his bill, if thereby we can give pcace
to Kansas. I think his bill was wrong; but,
thank God, I have no such pride of opinion as
would prevent me from indorsing the principle
of his bill if I thought it right; nor even if I
thought it wrong would I refuse, in an emergency
like this, to yield to it for a day or a month, to save
my country from civil war and this glorious
Union from dissolution. It is because 1 think
something ought to be done that I have come for-
ward with this proposition. I am but a new
member here, and I had hoped that gentlemen
older in the public service, whose names carry
influence with whatever they propose, would
have come forward before this with some propo-
sition to stop the strife which, day by day, is
extending, and I know not how soon may en-
circle the Union. If any good grows out of the
proposition which I have submitted I shall be
glad; but if none, I can only say that it occurred
to me as one means of getting rid of a state of
tKings which every lover of his country ought to
deplore.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I regret to
be under the necessity of continuing this debate
further; but I must reply to some remarks of my
colleague, as his whole object seems to be rather
to make points on me, than to argue the questions
which were originally raised between us.
In the latter part of his remarks he has put a
seriesof questions to me—whether I approved this
act of a sheriff in Lawrence, or that act of a dep-
uty sheriff in Topeka, or another act of some
"subordinate officer in another part of the Territory
■ .of Kansas, averring that they violated the laws
and committed outrages in the mode in which
they exercised their authority. If his averment
be true, of course I do not approve those acts, be-
cause they were illegal acts of violence, and hence
were just as bad as those which his men are com-
mitting all the time. My position is, that law
must prevail, and that thelaw shall notbe violated
by men in office or out of office; that violence
must yield to law, and be punished by the law.
He has my answer, therefore, to every abuse
which he can point out. Show me the abuse, and
I repudiate and denounce it. On the other hand,
it is equally well established, that Abolitionists
are shooting down good citizens without the
color of law. If I chose to follow the example
of my colleague, I might ask, does he approve of
these murders ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to stop them on
all sides,
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then the question is, how
are you ^jing to stop them on both sides, unless
] y law ? My colleague is opposed to stopping
these excesses according to law. He is going to
stop them by piling mucder on murder according
to the code of retaliation, which never has an end.
There is one system of laws in Kansas, and only
one. There is a set of laws against murder. The
Government is endeavoring to enforce them. My
colleague says it is an outrage to enforce those
laws against murder. "Why ? Because he does
not like the men who made the laws. The mur-
derers are to go unpunished rather than sanction
the legality of an election in Kansas! Rape,
arson, larceny, and every other crime, is to go
unpunished, rather than enforce some laws which,
it is said, are not liked. My position is, that
these crimes must be punished according to law,
and punished by the regularly-constituted of-
ficers of the law. My colleague says that will
lead to civil war. It will not lead to civil war if
his political friends obey the laws. The question
simply is, whether crime shall go unpunished or
not? The standard of civil war is raised; and
those who raise it say that any crime may go
unpunished rather than allow the criminal to be
arrested by a sheriff, the validity of whose com-
mission they doubt.
What are the difficulties in Kansas? When-
ever a sheriff goes to arrest a man under judicial
process, he is shot down. Whenever a man
burns his neighbor's house, the sheriff is shot at
if he attempts to arrest the house-burners. They
say, " Repeal your laws, or we will continue to
shoot them dow n;" but would it not be better to
leave the laws to punish the men who shoot
down the officers ? It is simply a question of law
on the one side, and violence on the other; for
let it be borne in mind, Mr. President, that not
i one case has arisen under the laws of which com-
; plaint is made in Kansas as being oppressive.
| Complaint is made of the election law, and the
law about negroes; but not one of the outrages of
I which we hear so much has arisen under either
[ of those laws. These people resist the officers
i for executing laws which they acknowledge to
| be proper against criminals, because the Legisia-
' ture which passed these proper laws passed two
others which they do not like. This is their
whole excuse. But I shall not pursue this branch
of the subject further.
My colleague has gone back to the territorial
bill to speak of the jurisdiction of the courts,
and he has talked as if he thought something
could he gained by being uncourtcous and by in-
dulging in taunts. He has intimated that I knew
thelaw was not as I stated it to be. He might
have contented himself with saying that such
was his opinion, without saying that I knew it.
If he had read the book he would have found
that it was not as he stated; but there is no argu-
ment in all this, and I need not dwell on it. Why
is it necessary for my colleague to try to provoke
disputes ? If his object be to create personal dif-
ficulties, let him do it directly, and not trouble
the Senate about them. I can assure him that I
have no disposition to trouble the Senate about
any personal difficulty which he may seek at my
hands. I have no disposition to retaliate, or to
provoke them. I have never yet provoked a con-
troversy with a Senator lieie. X have repelled
when others have attacked.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator understood
me as meaning to say anything personal to him, I
disavow it. I only intended what I said legiti-
mately for the subject under discussion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is entirely satisfactory.
My statement was, that these courts possessed
the jurisdiction ordinarily possessed by the United
States courts in the States, and such other juris-
diction as the Legislature of the Territory should
confer by law. My colleague quoied me as hav-
ing said that they possessed the same jurisdiction
as the United States courts in the States, and no
more. I shall not chfyige the report on this point
as the reporter has it; but every Senator knows
that I added, substantially, ".and such other juris-
diction as the Legislature of the Territory should
by law confer." Now what is the language of
the very statute which the Senator read? After
what he quoted is this:
"Tile jurisdiction of tile several eouits herein provided
for, both appellate and original, and that of tile probate
comts and of justices of the peace, shall be as limited by
law." *
This confirms my statement as I made it ori-
ginally, and hence the comment of my colleague,
that the chairman of the committee who wrote
the bill oughtto know what it said., migh t, per-
haps, with better taste and better .tamper, .hare-
been omitted. ■ ,
My colleague's only complaint of- the Nebraska
bill now appears to be that all the officers are.pot .
elected by the people of the Territory instead of
being appointed bythis Government. He. seems
to have forgotten that in the Senate, at this very
session, he told this body that he was i^s'good a
Democrat as I am,; and in proof of it he referred
to the fact that he supported and approved the
compromise measures of 1850. Did he not know
that the provisions of the Nebraska bill, to which
he has objected, are copied .word for word from
the compromise measure_s of 1850, which he said
he approved? In the compromise bills'of 1S50
provision was made for the appointment of:om-
cers and the conferring of jurisdiction upon the
judges in the same words substantially, if not
literally, as in the Kansas-Nebraska bill. The
objection which he has made to this bill applies
to the compromise measures of 1850, and to the
organic act of Minnesota, Oregon, Washington,
and every other Territory of the united States.
Why single out this case to show that the
Nebraska till is an act of infamy ? If so, it is an
act of infamy which the Senator approved-—an
act of infamy which every Whig and eVery
Democrat in America approved, only four years
ago, and which he boasted, at this very session,
that he approved:
I do not deem it necessary to continue the dis-
cussion on these points. I have already shown
that my colleague's objections in "regard "to-liV
appointment of officers were not well taken, and,
if they wore well taken, they apply to other bills
which he says were right. Who ever heard a
man argue so long to prove that a thing was
wrong which he himself declared to be right? It
is wrong in me, he thinks, but right in him. As
the Senate were told a short time ago that we
' both belong to the same party, I do not know
how we shall get along with this matter.
The veto power has been cited as one of tho
wrongs under which the people of- Ivansas are
suffering. M'y colleague says that the Governor
can overrule the action of a majority of the Le-
gislature, and that it requires a two-thirds vote
to pass a bill over his veto. When did my col-
league come to the conclusion that a two-thirds
veto was so wrong as to justify a revolution?
Washington and Madison, and the sages who
formed the Constitution of tho United States, did
not think so. The framers of the constitutions
of most of the States of the Union did not think
so. When did lie discover that the possession
of a two-thirds veto power by a-Governor was
sufficient to justify rebellion, revolution, and civil
war ? Did not the territorial Governors possess a
veto power under the compromise measures- of
1850, which the Senator told us he approved?
Does not the Governor of Minnesota possess the
veto power to-day? Is not the same power pos-
sessed by the Governor of Nebraska, to whose
care he now proposes to consign the people of
I Kansas ? When did he discover that the fact
! that the veto power prevailed was a sufficient
excuse for the people to set the laws at defiance ?
Why, he says that, inasmuch as more than one
third of either House can prevent the passage of
a bill after it has been vetoed, the will of the
people does not prevail! Let me tell him that by
self-government in this country we do not mean
j the will of the people in whatever way a town
! meeting may choose to express it, but we mean
j the will of the people expressed in conformity
i with the forms of the Constitution of the country.
| I hold that this Republic is a self-government,
I yet a majority of the mass of the people of the
1 Republic do not control all the Departments of
j Government. One House is selected by districts;
| the other House is composed of the representa-
1 tives of sovereign States, in which New York and
j Delaware are equal. The President is elected by
I the electors chosen as the States prescribe, with
a veto power on the acts of Congress, which can
| be overruled only by two thirds of each House,
Our fathers thought this was a republican Gov-
| eminent, notwithstanding the veto power; and
j there are some of us who now think there may
I be a republican Government in a Territory, not-
s withstanding the veto power. '. •-*. i '
1 Thus much for the objections whish the Sen-
