1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
about the issuance of the patent, then whatever
injustice is done can be remedied at the next
regular session of Congress.
BUSINESS OF CONGRESS—AGAIN.
Mr. I!KXNETP, of Mississippi. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce the
following resolution:
Wlieicas the Congress of the United States having by
law made piovi-ion'for the compensation by the year to
members of the present Congress: Therefore—
Retired, That Congress shall take upthe business of the
House hi its regular order, and continue in session until the
business of the country shall be deposed of.
Mr. OR.R. I object.
Mr. BENNETT. I ask if it is in order to
make a motion to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this
time. Under the rules of the House, a motion
to suspend the rules is not in order except on
Mondays.
Mr. BOYCE. I move that the House take a
recess for one half hour.
The SPEAKER. The motion can be intro-
duced only byfunanimous consent.
Mr. FLAGLER. I object.
Mr. QUITMAN. I desire to introduce several
resolutions and bills, that they may be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FLAGLER. I object.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
ster, his Private Secretary.
Mr. HAVEN. I ask that the message of the
President may be taken up and read now.
No objection being made, the message was
read. It is as follows:
Felloie-citizens of the Senate
and House of Representatives:
In consequence of the failure of Congress, at
its recent session, to make provision for the sup-
port of the Army, it became imperatively incum-
bent on me to exercise the power which the
Constitution confers on the Executive for extraor-
dinary occasions,andpromptly toconvenethe two
Houses, in order to afford them an opportunity
of reconsidering a subject of such vital interest
to the peace and welfare of the Union.
With exception of a partial authority vested
by law in the Secretary of War to contract for
supply of clothing and subsistence, the Army is
wholly dependent oil the appropriations annually
made by Congress. The omission of Congress
to act, in this respect, before the termination
of the fiscal year, had already caused embar-
rassments to the service, which were overcome
only in expectation of appropriations before the
close of the present month. If the requisite funds
be not speedily provided, the Executive will 110
iouser be able to furnish the transportation,
equipments, and munitions which are essential
to the effectiveness of a military force in the field.
With 110 provision for the pay of troops, die
contracts of enlistment would be broken, and the
Army must in effect be disbanded; the conse-
quence of which would be so disastrous as to de-
mand all possible efforts to avert the calamity.
It is not merely that the officers and enlisted
men of the Anny are to be thus deprived of the
pay and emoluments to which they are entitled
bv'standing laws; that the construction of arms
at the public armories, the lepair and construction
of ordnance at the arsenals, and the manufactuic
' ' "ist be
with
of the interior. To discharge large bodies of
men in such places, without the means of regain-
ing their homes, and where few, if any, could
obtain subsistence by honest industry, would be
to subject'them to suffering and temptation, with
disregard of justice and right most derogatory to
the Government.
In the Territories of Washington and Oregon,
numerous bands of Indians are in arms, and are
waging a war of extermination against the white
inhabitants; and although our troops are actively
carrying on the campaign, we have no intelligence
as yet of a successful result. On the western
plains, notwithstanding the imposing display of
military force recently made there, and the chas-
tisement inflicted on the rebellious tribes, others,
far from being dismayed, have manifested hostile
intentions, and been guilty of outrages, which,
if not designed to provoke a conflict, serve to
show that the apprehension of it is insufficient
wholly to restrain their vicious propensities. A
strong force in the State of Texas has produced
the temporary suspension of hostilities there; but
in New Mexico,incessant activity 011 the part of
the troops is required to keep m check the ma-
rauding tribes which infest that Territory. The
hostile Indians have not been mmoved from the
State of Florida; and the withdrawal of the troops
therefiom, leaving that object unaccomplished,
would be most injurious to the inhabitants, and
a breach of the positive engagement of the Gen-
eral Government.
To refuse supplies to the Army, therefore, is to
compel the complete cessation of all its opera-
tions, and its practical disbandment, and thus
to invite hordes of predatory savages from the
western plains and the Rocky Mountains to spread
devastation along a frontier of more than four
thousand miles in extent, and to deliver up the
sparse population of a vast tract of country to
rapine and murdtr.
Such, in substance, would be the direct and
immediate effects of the refusal of Congress, for
the first time in the history of the Government,
to grant supplies for the maintenance of the
Army; the inevitable waste of millions of public
treasure; the infliction of extreme wrong upon
all persons connected with the military establish-
ment by service, employment, or contracts; the
recall of our forces from the field; the fearful
sacrifice of life and incalculable destruction of
property on the remote frontiers; the striking of
our national flag on the battlements of the for-
tresses which defend our maritime cities against
foreign invasion; the violation .of the public
honor and eood faith; and the discredit of the
United States in the eyes of the civilized world.
1 confidently trust that these considerations, and
others appertaining to the domestic peace of the
country, which cannot fail to suggest themselves
to every patriotic miml, will, 011 reflection, be duly
appreciated by both Houses of Congress, and
induce the enactment of the requisite provisions
of law for the support of the Army of the United
S(atCS' FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, August 21, 185G.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The message seems to
call for an appropriation of money to support the
Army alone. I therefoie move its reierence to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and on that
motion I rail the previous question.
Mi. PH12LPS. I was a bout to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from Ohio to take another
course; and"! will indicate to him the course which
I desire to pursue. I propose also, in connection
of military clothing and camp equipage must be
r'isenntinued. and the persons connected with ,  . , . ,
U M bmnch of the public service thus be deprived |j with the message, to ask the unanimous consent
suddenly of the employment essential to their || of the House to introduce a bill
subsistence. Nor is it 'merely the waste conse- j
quent 011 the forced abandonment of the sea- ,
board fortifications, and of the interior military
posts and other establishments, and the enormous j
expense of recruiting and reorganizing the Army,
and a sain distributing it over the vast legions
which it now occupies. These are evils which
may, it is true, be repaired hereafter by taxes
imposed 011 the country.
Uut other evils are involved, which noexpend-
itures, however lavish, could remedy, m com-
parison with which local and personal injuries or
interests sink info insignificance.
A great part of the Army is situated on the
1 emote frontier, or in the deserts and mountains
priations for the support of the Army—that is,
the bill in the form ill which it was reported by
the Committee of Ways and Mevns, or rather 111
the form 111 which it received the assent of the
Senate, it having undergone the examination of
the Committee of Ways and Means. In fact, it
is the bill which passed the House of Represent-
atives, with the exception of the Kansas proviso.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. .1 object to the
introduction of any bill that is not precisely the
same as the bill passed by the Ilouse of Repre-
sentatives. . nl.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
will waive the call for the previous question for
a moment, until I indicate my views on this sub-
ject. 1 do not propose to go into an elaborate
debate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have some views which
I should like to present, but under existing
circumstances I forego my disposition to say
anything 011 this subject, and ask the reference
of the document to the appropriate committee.
If 1 yield to the gentleman from South Carolina,
it wiil necessarily involve the House in a general
discussion, which I think would not be profita-
ble. Therefore, I insist 011 my demand for the
previous question.
Mr. OllR. I will not provoke a general dis-
cussion, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have no doubt that the
gentleman from South Carolina thinks what he
would say would not provoke general discussion;
but I am satisfied that it would have that effect.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the message was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the message was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House
take a recess until three o'clock.
Several Members. Say half past two.
Mr. CAMPBELL.-- I modify my motion so
that the House may take a recess for one hour,
till half past two o'clock.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I venture to suggest
to the House, and to the gentleman from Ohio,
that in all probability this question can be reached
at once, provided the unanimous consent of the
House be given to suspend the joint rule of the
two Houses, so as to take up the bill just where
it was at the adjournment of Congress; and the
sense of the House can he had on the subject. If
there be 110 objection we can reach the subject in
that way.
Mr. FLAGLER. I object.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the House, at half past one o'clock, p. m.,
took a recess till half past two o'clock, p. m.
The House reassembled at half past two
o'clock, p. m.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am directed by
the Committee of Ways and Means, to which
was refeired the President's message, to report
a bill making appropriations for the support of
the Army, for the year ending June 30, 1857.
Before asking unanimous consent of the House
to suspend the rules and put the bill upon its pass-
age, it is proper that I should state briefly the con-
tents of the bill. It is the same bill which, on
Monday last, caused the disagreeing votes in the
Senate and House of Representatives. Itcontains
the proviso inserted by this House, and which
was stricken out by the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickixs, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had agreed to the resolution
adopted by the House in reference to bills passed
a"t the last session by both Houses of Congress,
but whi< hj for "want of time, were not signed by
the Speaker of the House, the President of the
Senate, or the President of the United States.
Also, that the Senate had passed a resolution
for a partial suspension of the 21st joint rule, so
far as relates to the bill making appropriations
for the support of the Army, for the year ending
June 30, 1857.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. CAMPBELL, (resuming.) It is proper,
Mr Speaker, before asking the unanimous con-
sent of the House to have that speedy action,
which I know gentlemen on both sides desire,
that I should state precisely my purpose, and
what is the understanding of the Committee of
Ways and Means in regard to the privileges of
those who oppose this proviso. It is, that the
gentlemen who are opposed to this proviso may
move to strike it from the bill. On my own re-
sponsibility, but with the full knowledge of my
colleagues on the Committee of Ways and Means,
I propose to perfect the proviso by striking out
