1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAN GLOBE.
647
this instance; and the Senator may be permitted,
by common consent, to have the floor on the first
occasion when the report of the Committee on
Territories shall come up. I think we had better
allow the public printing to go on, by which
something will be saved; for the debate on this
subject will cost enough without involving ex-
pense in every little contingency.
Mr. HALE. I would suggest to the chairman
of the Committee on Printing to allow the vote
to be taken, and then a motion to reconsider may
intervene, and the Senator will then have the floor
on that.
Mr. JOHNSON. We merely propose a refer-
ence to the Committee on Printing prior to having
an order for the printing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think my colleague on
the committee is unnecessarily anxious about
this matter. The resolution includes m it the
printing of that large volume of Kansas laws
which was sent to the Senate. My colleague and
I agree in thinking that it is not advisable to
print any more of those than is necessary for the
use of the Senate. It would be a mere waste of
money. If you leave out the law, the document
is only a little pamphlet that will not cost a cent
apiece; and it is of no sort of consequence whether
the types are taken down now ornot. If we were
to print the large volume of Kansas laws, it
would be of some consequence, because that
would involve considerable expense; but I pre-
sume no Senator has the least idea that it is advis-
able to print ten thousand copies of perfectly use-
less matter to scattcr over the country. Striking
that out, it seems to me of very little importance
whether the document be printed to-day from the
types which have been set up, or within a week
or two after they have been taken down. In fact,
my opinion is, that it is hardly worth while to print
it in any shape, simply because those documents,
being very short, have already gone through all
the newspapers of the country, and to print extra
copies of them would be only imposing upon
Senators a burden in their distribution which
they do not wish to undertake. It would be, in
fact, useless; for the people to whom they might
be sent, having read them before, would not desire
them. The result would be an unnecessary trouble
in sending them off; and, therefore, I think that
the motion which the Senator from Arkansas
asks the Senate to dispose of may as well lie over
for the present. I know one Senator on this side
of the House wishes to make his remarks upon
that question, and he hopes to have as early an
opportunity to do so as can be conveniently as-
signed to him. He is unwilling to wait until the
printed reports from the Committee on Territories
shall come in. The honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglas,] will have the right by cour-
tesy to introduce the debate upon that subject, and
the'honorable Senator from Vermont [Mr. Col-
lamer] may also wish to speak. This renders
it a matter of uncertainty when the opportunity
will be presented to the gentleman to whom I
have alluded, and there will be no question on
which lie can make his remarks, if lie desires to
do so previously to that time. Therefore, I hope
thehonorable chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing will not insist on his proposition, for T cannot
regard it in any serious light as involving a sub-
ject of any consequence.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not care what the Sen-
ate may do 011 this subjeet; it is entirely within
their power, and they can dispose of it as they
please. I will not stop to remark upon the com-
pliment which my colleague has bestowed on me
when he spoke of my unnecessary anxiety. Of
the propriety of that remark I leave him to be
the judge. Having been assigned duties which
are common to him and to myself, I do not care
whether I am regarded as evincing unnecessary
anxiety. I simply desire properly to discharge
the duties of my position.
The Senator from Maine urges the claims of a
Senator to the attention of the Senate on this
question. Now, sir, if the Senator referred to
should confine himself to the pending question,
his speech will be brief indeed; for it is but a
motion to print, and his theme will have no in-
terest beyond the value of dollars and cents. My
colleague on the committee [Mr. Fessendf.n"] has
depreciated its value, even in that respect, to a
very inconsiderable amount. It may be, that the
Senator who is anxious to address the Senate
does not intend to limit himself to the pending
question. He may intend an extended speech on
Kansas affairs generally; and, if so, I respectfully
suggest that it will be unnecessary to postpone
the adoption of the order to print, as his speech
will be equally as pertinent to any other motion.
When we refer the resolution to the committee,
we do not order the printing. The committee
may report against printing any additional copies.
If they should report against printing the laws,
the Senate still may overrule their decision. The
report which the Senator from Maine and myself
may make will not be conclusive. If these laws
shall be printed, an expense of $800 will be in-
volved, for that is the precise amount which the
recomposition will cost. It is very easy for the
Senate to dispose of the question; and I submit
to the Senate whether they will do it or not.
| They can dispose of the motion, with the under-
; standing that the Senator having the floor 011 it
; shall have the floor upon the first occasion when
| the Kansas reports shall come under considera-
j tion, or he may speak, if he chooses, on the
whole subject independently, and then liis views
would go before the country as effectually as in
any other way.
Having made these remarks, I have no more to
say. If the Senate shall choose to facilitate the
execution of the printing of these documents, and
save $800, I shall be very glad; but, if not, lmust
cheerfully submit.
Mr. BROWN. I believe the subject before us
is the three million bill.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Arkan-
sas took the floor for the purpose of moving to
suspend the present order of business.
Mr. BROWN. If it can be done without con-
suming too much time, I have no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. My only object was to have
the motion in regard to printing the Kansas
message and documents referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the question before
the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT. The first question is on
suspending the special order, for the purpose of
taking up the proposition of the gentleman from
Arkansas.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw the motion.
THREE MILLION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 124,) to increase the efficiency of the
United States Army.
Mr. BROWN then rose and concluded his re-
i marks commenced last Tuesday, in the course of
which he had touched on two points, viz: the
, Clayton and Bulwer treaty arfd the enlistment
! question. He sustained, with much zeal, thepo-
r sitions assumed by the Secretary of State and
!, our Minister, Mr. Buchanan, in the late corre-
|, spondenee with England, declaring the State
j! papers 011 the American side of the question as
11 marked with signal ability. His speech will be
11 found in the Appendix.
j Mr. MALLORY next addressed the Senate at
;j some length, concurring in general with the views,
j| expressed by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
i; Brown.] He was among the number that did
11 not believe that war would grow out of the pres-
! \ ent state of things, nor ought it to do so; but if,
11 contrary to our expectation, it should come, our
;! resources to meet it were unlimited. He alluded
j to the circumstance of the British Minister having
' been ordered from Spain in the year 1848 in forty-
;j eight hours, for interfering with their domestic
| concerns; and hence there could be no danger in
| sending Mr. Crampton away for the same thing.
The remarks of Mr. M. will be found in the
i Appendix.
I Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to address the
Senate upon the subject of our relations with
Great Britain, and not so much on the bill which
is now before the Senate. I leave it to the pleas-
ure of the Senate whether I shall proceed to-day
or at another period.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hope the Senate
will agree to postpone the question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am willing that the
subject shall be postponed until Monday.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. HUNTER. We have appropriation bill?
pending which ought to be disposed of. I think
at this period of the session it is time we should
sit during the whole week. I hope the motion will
not be agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the motion after
the statement of the Senator from Virginia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clay in
the chair.) The question is on postponing the
further consideration of this subject until Monday.
Mr. WELLER. I hope that will not be done.
I have no objection to a postponement until to-
morrow, but I cannot agree to a postponement
until Monday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a matter of indiffer-
ence to me. If the subject be made the order of
the day for to-morrow I shall be satisfied.
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection to a
postponement of this bill until to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until to-morrow,
at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope it will be the pleas-
ure of the Senate now to take up and dispose of
a bill (S. No. 117) which I reported some time
since from the Committee on Claims, to amend
an act entitled " An act to establish a court for
the investigation of claims against the United
States," approved February 24, 1855. It is a
practical measure to supply certain dcfccts and
omissions in the act establishing this court, and
I hope thorn will be no objection to it. I move
to take it up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to authorize any two
of the judges of the Court of Claims to constitute
a quorum, and hold a court for the transaction
of business; and any one of the judges may ap-
point commissioners to take testimony in the
manner prescribed in the act of February 24,
1855, establishing the court. It further^provides
for the appointment by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, of an
assistant solicitor, to receive a salary of $3,500
per annum, and to hold his office for a period of
four years, unless sooner removed by the Presi-
dent. The solicitor is to have power to employ
a clerk at a salary of $2,500 per annum.
The clerk of the court, it is provided, is to dis-
burse, under the direction of the court, the con-
tingent fund which may hereafter be appropriated
from time to time for its use; but he is first to
give bond in such amount and form, and with
such security, as shall be approved by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. From and after the 1st
day of April, 1856, the salary of the clerk of the
j court is to be ยง3,000 per annum, and of the assist-
; ant clerk $2,000 per annum.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Perhaps it is necessary for
me, as chairman of that committee, to say a few
words 111 explanation of this bill. Its first section
provides that any two judges of the Court of
Claims shall be a quorum for the transaction of
business. I presume that no one can have any
objection to that provision. It becomes necessary
in consequence of an omission in the original law
establishing the Court. The judges have decided
that, under the terms of that law, all three must
be present in order to hold a court.
The second section provides for the appoint-
ment of an assistant solicitor, and authorizes
the present solicitor to appoint a clerk. I pro-
pose to amend the bill by striking out the word
"clerk," and inserting " deputy," because it may
be necessary for the Solicitor to send his deputy
; into court for the purpose of representing him.
{ The duties of the solicitor are of such an oner-
| ous nature, that it is impossible for him to per-
! sonally appear in every case. The law makes it
| his duty to represent the Government in every
j case. It must occur to members at once, that it
I is utterly impossible for one man to meet all the
I briefs and answer all the arguments made against
! the Government in the various cases presented to
i the court. For this reason the Committee on
Claims have reported this section, authorizing the
President of the United Stares, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint an
assistant solicitor for the usual term of four years,
unless sooner removed by the President, placing
him on the same footing with the marshals, so
that the appointment, but not the office, will
