6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
August 21,
all after the word " provided,
lieu thereof what I send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 shall not yield my con-
sent, Mr. Speaker, to the gentleman's reporting
such a bill, as he indicates, to the House, I will
yield my consent, and hope the House will per-
mit the Committee of Ways and Means to repout
a bill without that proviso—an Army bill proper.
If the committee report such a bill, 1 will yield
my consent. Then, if the House wish to vote
the proviso into the bill, and so to incumber it,
let the responsibility rest on the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand the gentle-
man's point. 1 will ask to have read, in order
that it may be printed and appear in the report
of the proceedings, the substitute which I propose
to offer; and I will state, by way of explanation,
that it simply restores things in Kansas as they
were after the passage of the Nebraska act, wiping
out everything there, and leaving a tabula rasa.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Provided, That all laws passed by the Legislature of the
Territory of Kansaa be, and the *;um; are hereby, disaffirmed,
abrogated) and declared invalid : Ji ad provided further, Tli.it
it shall bo the duty of the Governor of s>aid Territory, and
he is hereby authonzed, fotthwith to reors aniy.o the &aid
Territory of Kansas, under and in accordance with the
provisions of the act entitled " An act to organise the Ter-
ritories of Nebraska and Kansas," passed May 130, 1854,
as fully and entirely, to all intents and purposes, a*s it no
effort had been heretofore made for that purpose. And the
saifl Governor is hereby authonzed and empowered to rail
an election for members of the Legislature tor said 'Puni-
tory, according to said act; to appoint and presenile the
powers and duties of the judge of such election, and the
forms of oatln and return* in relation thereto, and to v<mic
general iiifciuu-nonsconcoiiimif the same: J'lOruIni fin I her,
That it shall not be lawful for any person to vote at r-nid >
election, unless, he vluill have an actual inliahiiaut <>{' |
said Territory for the period ol low months, and ot pie di-=- j
tnet or precinct in which he may oiler Iih vote, ioj the '/
period of thirty day  immediately pnxedms -uHi election . t
And provided fmtkei, That illegal or tiaudulent \oti'i-r at !
such election, or false MVearmg tor the puipo-e ofvotm^ '
at or contesting said election, or any pat l i heieof, sh.iP be J
punishable by the district couin of said Teimoiv by (ine \
not exceeding two bundled dolUus, and hnpusoninent I
not exceeding one \eat\ Illegal or tal-e -weeing at or i
Hi relation to stud elettion i-  heiebv det iaied peitmv: 1
And provided farther, That the mud of twenty nva thou- 1
sand dollars is hereby appiopnntcd from anv monev m the !
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, so be expended under j
the direction of the Governor of  aud T n ritory, m eat i yinu '
imo effect the provisions of tin- act, and the power* and '
duties conferred upon him by the haul act passed May 30,
38G-1.
Mr. CAMPUELL. I understand, the gentle-
man from Georgia to object to the. consideration
now of the bid as reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means. Ofcom.se, hi;-, objection ivn- j
dcrs it beyond the power of the J louse, under Hs
rules, to act to-day. I cannot move to suspend
the rules. A two-third vote would not enable me
to have (he bill taken up.
Mr. WASJIWJIIlV, of Maine, ff the <^ntle~
mnii from Ohio will allow me, 1 will make a sug-
gestion. The joint resolution which, os I under-
stand, has just come from the Senate, it'it passes
the House, will enable us to take up tin; Army
bill as the House left it at the close of the last
pession, and at on<*e proceed to its consideration.
1 ask the gentleman, therefore, to give way to
allow that message to be taken up and ,wMed on.
Mr. CAMPUELL. If there is a single objec-
tion, that message cannot ho taken up.
Mr. Sl^EPH ENS, 1 wish the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Campbrll] and the House to under-
stand distinctly my position. I am willing that I
the Committee of Ways and Menus shall report
an Army appropriation bill piopei, unincum-
bered; I trust there will bo no objection to the re-
port of such a bill. Then, if the majority of the
House wishes to incumber it with such a'pmviso
as the committee now pioposn to teport, they can
so act. I simply want to state that'l am not*will-
ing to sit in my seat and allow such a bill as is
now proposed, to be reported without objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means started out last March upon the prin-!
ciple indicated by the gentleman from Georgia,)
but both branches of the National Legislature— j|
the Senate and this House—have asserted, time ij
and again, by their action upon every eppropri- ij
ation bill, that they would not confine their action ji
to the rules laid down by the Committee of Ways >)
and Means; and we are now driven, under these 1'
extraordinary circumstances, to report indenend- j
cut legislation upon this bill, in order that we may ;
have speedy action upon it. I propose, under!
the necessities of the case, to send this bill to the I
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from Ohio allow me to call his attention
to the fact, that if we pass the resolution which
has come from the Senate, suspending the 21st
joint rule, we can then take up this Army bill
where we left it at the close of the last session ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from Maine
knows that we cannot take up that message, if
there is a single objection.
Mr. CLiNGMAN. I rise to a question of
order. I take it that this message from the Sen-
ate is now upon theSpeaker's table; and I know
of no reason why a majority of the House can-
not go at any time to the consideration of the
business on the Speaker's table. If the House
agrees to that resolution, we can then proceed at
once to consider the Army bill where it was left
on Monday last.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. With the permission
of the gentleman from Ohio, I wish to say that
the gentleman fiom Maine is certainly right; if
the House concurs in the resolution which has
come to us from the Senate, it will be competent
for us at once, this afternoon, to vote upon the
question in contest between the two Houses when
the House adjourned on Monday last. 1 presume
there will be no objection to taking up this resolu-
tion of the Senate. The House can then take its
position, and either pass the bill, or, by adhering
to its position heretofore taken, defeat it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then; will be objection to
takingup that resolution. For the purpose, thero-
foie, of securing speedy action upon the bill, 1 ask
that it may have lis fiist and second reading, and
be i ofei red to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of tli" Union.
Mr. STEPHENS. The bill is not yet before
the House; and 1 object to its introduction.
x\lr. CL1JNUMAN. Js it in oider to move that
the House now ptoceed to consider the business
on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. *The business first in order
is to call the standing committees of the House
for reports. Then, after the expiration of one
hour devoted to that class of business, it will be
m order to proceed to the business on the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Task the unanimous
consent of the House to take up the message
from the Senate.
Mr. BARCLAY. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
if it will not be in order to proceed to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table as soon as the com-
mittees «},all ha\e been culled?#
The SPEAKER It will, after the expiration
of one hour. Reports are m oide* from the Com-
mittee of Elections  Ways and Means.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Committee
of Ways and Means have instructed me to report
a bill making appropriations for the support of
tie' Anny, for the year ending the 30th of June,
ldo7.
Mr. ORR. Before the bill roooivps itg first
reading, I wissh to mine a question nf order upon
its ivwpuon. [ understand that th'ere is a pro-
viso reported in the bill wluch is not in order to
be reported in a general appropriation bill I
submit, therefore, that it is not the riijht of the
gentleman from Ohio to report tin; bill in the
shape in which he proposes to report it. it is a
violation of (he rflst rule of the House.
The SPEAIvlill. It u impossible for the
Chair to determine the question of order unless
the bill is lead.
Mr. ORR. My question of order refers only
to the Kansas proviso. 1 ask that it may be read,
and the Speaker can decide without the necessity
of reading the whole bi 11.
The proviso was read, as follows:
Provided, however, and it i<t herehv declared, Tiiat lio part
of fne imhtaiy toiee of the l/mid Mate.-', tor tlx; support
ot winel! appiopitation*. ate made bj thi  act, t-hail hi cm-
p!<e,v<i in aid of the entotceiuejit o; a.iv enactment ol tlio
boilv claiming to be tue Tenifonal Lcj^iaMH-e ot* Kan-ns,
until Mk'h enactments. >*hnll have been aibuned ami ap-
pitiveil by Conuoe-.s, but this piovi*.o j-hall not Iicmico:i-
•-tM'efl as to picvei.t tile President from emplo\iu:i aji ade-
quate military fouv ; but ,t *-hai! be in?- dutvto euipb>y m
ioree to ptevent the invasion of said Territory by armed
baud.- ot'non-te-KfcnH.or any other bodv of non-resident*.
actin<z,or claiming to a posse computus of any otlicer
in said Territory m the enroieemenl of any such enact-
ment, aud to protect the persons and property therein, and
upon the national highways leading to said Territory, from
| ah uulawhit seaiche*. and seizures; and it shall be Ins
j further dnt} to take etheicnj mea-ures to compel the return
j ot and withhold all aim- of the United Stater- di.-*fnbu ed
in or to taid Territory, in pur-'iauec of any law ol the
United States authorizing the dk-tribuuon of arms to the
Suites and Temtories.
Mr. ORR. I was mistaken in my reference
to the 81st rule. It has reference to appropria-
tions. The point 1 submit is, that the proviso
is for a change of existing laws, and, therefore,
riot germane to an appropriation bill. "What is
the title of the bill ?
The Clerk. A bill making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending the
30th of June, 1857.
Mr. ORR. The proviso proposes to change
existing laws, and is, therefore, not germane "to
the bill. It proposes legislative action on a new
subject, and not appropriations to carry out ex-
isting laws. I hold that the proviso is out of
order.
Mr. GROW. On any appropriation that the
House chooses to make for any purpose, 1 take
it, we have the m;ht to put conditions 
Mr. HOUSTON. Is this question debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not. On the ground,
stated by the gentleman from South Carolina the
Chair cannot hold the report to be out of order.
The report is made on a subject referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means for its consideia-
tton. It is possible th'at there may be a provis-
ion not germane to a particular appropriation in
the bill; but it is hardly competent for thu Chair
to rule the report out of order on that ground. It
does not appear to thp Chair that this proviso is
not germane to the bill.
Mr. ORR. On the first ground, Mr. Speaker
floyd, in an analogous case, where a proposition
was offered as a substitute for a report from the
Committee on Public Lands, that there be amod-
j ifieation of the duty on railroad iron, decided
that the proposition was not in order, for the
reason that it was not germane to the bill. If tho
Speaker makes his decision on the other ground,
then 1 understand it.
The SPKA KER. The Chair is not prepared
to say that the proviso is not germane to the bill.
The Chair is certainly of tho opinion that the
proviso, as read from the Clerk's desk, is of a
kindred nature with the bill, and he does not feel
at liberty to rule the report out of order on that
ground.
Mr. ORR. I respectfully appeal from that de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. WASH I1URNE, of Illinois. I move that
the appeal be laid upon the table.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; the question
was taken, and it was decided m the affirmative
—yeas !)5, nays 79; as follows:
YliAS—Me-^r*.. Albnidit. \Ih-on, I'aibour, TSarday,
Henry Bennett, Heiison, l>ilhn^lnur*t, !>j-l.ojs l!!i—•, Ci.id-
sh.iw, Ihoo-n, James 11. Campbell, |,e«rN I), C.Uuplvll,
(Jh.itlee, Ihuaid Clatk", ll/.ia Cl;"k, (*oltu\. Comms,
Cnvode, t/ia^m, Oaimell. Titno.hv Davis, Dean. De"Hut,
Diek, Diek-on, !)ndd, Jhir'ee, lCJje, Ejnuo,
Flakier, (Iiddnnrs, (hibert, (Junior, Grow. Rnbcit B jjall,
Ihulan. Htflloway, llowaid, Hu'.'hstmu Kel^ev, Knapp,
Kniiriit, Knmvhuii, Knox, Kiu)kel,Leiter,Maee.iM,itte*-on,
iMc('ait>. Kiihan Miller, .Miilwaid. Morgan, Momil, Mott,
Miitiav. Nieliol-, Nutton, Andiew Oliver, Parker. iVIion,
Peiiiinivjtoii, 1'ettit, Pike. Pnns.'ie, Puiviaiiee, 'lluobie,
R'ibeits. !\<>bic-on, Saire, Sapp, ^e' rt, Sherman, Snnmona,
Spsuner. Stanton. Stranahan, 'Pappan, Tlionn^ron,Thurs-
ton, T<>d(f, 7'iatton, Wade, vVakemati, Walbudae, Wal-
dron, Cadwal.ider (J. UVhlmuie, Elhhu f5. W'a-bbunie,
l*-i,iel V\ .i--libniii? Welch, \\ bitne\'? Wood, Woodiuif, aud
WoodU'.tr!)— \)o.
\YS— Afcen, Akers, Baik^dale, Hendlev S.
Bennett. i''.(ork. Bowie, l o\ce, i'raucb. Cudwal-uler,
John P. Campbell. (.ask.ie. Chairman, Howell ('obb. Wil-
liamson R W. Cobii. Cox, Ctaiue, Oawfotri, Culien,
David-on, Denver, Dowdell. I'Minund^on. P.lhott, Eustis,
ans, Fitulkuer, Flou'iice, Thorn,i- J. D Fuller, (ioude,
J Morrison Harris, oampson \Y, Ifarr^, Tlioma& I'- ffanis,
{Javeu, Hickman, Houston, (leorir''\V. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones. Kelly, Kidwell. laake, Letcher, Lnidlev, Lmnpkm,
Alexander K Mai^hall. Samuel sf5. Alarthi'll, Ma.xuelJ,
MeMuihti, McQueen. Smith Miller, MiMson. <)>r. IVck,
I'heips, Powell, Quitman, Itieaud, Rivera. KutTiij, Uu^t,
t^audui^i;, yavnire, >*'<'vv,ird, Shorter, Samuel A Smith,
Wiihd.n Smith. William R. Smith, Sneed. Stephen-, Stew-
art, Swope. Talbott, Taylor, Tuppe, Vail, V:Uk, Warner,
Wnisiow, John V. Wtight, and Zoihcoffer—79.
So tlie appeal was laid upon the table.
Pending tlip above call,
Mr. WHEELER, who was outside the bar
when his name was called, stated that had he been
present li£ would have voted in the negative.
