1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBED
639
34th Cong 1st Sess.
Politics of the Country-—Mr. Washburn, Jr., of Maine.
Hq. or Reps*
to encourage hopes, by holding out the bones of
office and patronage, it has terrified and attracted
to its ranks thousands of the timid, the easy,
and the venal, in the northern States—enough to
secure its control of the Government. But, sir,
thank God! these allies are not all to be depended
pon by the slave power. While their ranks
contain the doughfaces and cowboys of politics,
they hold also men who have good feelings and
honest instincts; who prefer the right to the wrong;
men who have been controlled by their party ties
and kept in submission to party requirements in
the hope of better things by-ana-by. These men,
finding that all hope of improvement is vain, and
perceiving at length what the true designs of
this power are, will withdraw from it their sup-
port, and henceforward give their influence and
their suffrages for the party which, representing
the ideas and policy or Washington and Jeffer-
son, is in truth ana in fact the only national and
Union party in the country.
Of this party, by whatever name it may be
known, the Free-State party, the People's party,
or the Republican party, and of its call ana mis-
sion, I beg to speak a few words.
When the Nebraska bill was passed, men be-
gan to fear that it was the purpose cf a great ma-
jority of thepeopleof the South, of both parties,
to make the Government subservient to the one
idea of slavery; that it was not ^e Constitution
for which they cared,unless it should be made to
read in favor of human bondage; that the Union
was valuable in their estimation only so far
as it could protect property in human beings.
But when it became known that the pretexts and
apologies for this bill were shamelessly repudiated
by those who demanded its passage, and that
their fixed determination was to plant slavery in
the Territories at all hazards'; ana when Kansas
■was invaded by " border ruffians," whose " hor-
rid deeds were blown in every eye," they became
fully persuaded* each man in his own mind, that
one of two things must happen—either slavery
would become national, ana Its care the para-
mount interest in the length and breadth of the
country, and thus a galling and, relentless tyr-
anny be set up which could only terminate in dis-
union, or, sadderstill, inab&se and cowardly sub-
mission by the free States^ which should precede
and invite the transformation of the Government
from a republic of freemen to. a 'sfaveholding
oligarchy; or else, that all true and courageous
men, all the faithful votaries of liberty and equal
rights, whether Whigs, Democrats, or Ameri-
cans, would unite to inaugurate a party upon the
principles of the Declaration of Independence,
Tor the maintenance of the Constitution,. and the
preservation of the Union in aH its strength, and
all its glory. Such a party has been caffed n>to
existence; and, sir, it would be treason to liberty
and humanity to question its ultimate triumph.
It has uplifted the flag of the Union, for that is
the "flag of the free heart'3 only home;" and
may it be! It keeps step to the music of the
Union, for that'is inspired by the immortal har-
monies of liberty.
The pro-slavery party, at their recent conven-
tion at Cincinnati, resolved, among other thiags:
" That claiming fellowship with and desiring the coopera-
tion of all who regard the preservation of the Union, ander
the Constitution, as the paramount issue, and repudiating
all sectional parties and platforms concerning domestic sla-
very, which seek to embroil the Stales and incite to treason
and armed resistance to law in the Territories, and whose
avowed purposes, if consummated, most end in civil war
and disunion, the American Democracy recognize and
ad6pt the principles contained in the organic laws estab-
lishing the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, as embody-
ing the only sound and safe solution of the slavery question
upon which the great national idea of the people of this
Whole country can repose in its determined conservatism
of the Union; non-interference by Congress with slavery in
States and Territories."
" Desiring the cooperation of all who regard
the preservation of the Union, under the Consti-
tution, aa the paramount issue." Certainly they
could say this, because, in the southern view, the
Constitution gives the Territories to slavery; and
the southern, as everybody knows, is now the
Democratic view. The "paramount issue"is
the preservation 8f the Union under and because
of a Constitution which, the South insists, pro-
tects and extends slavery; but under any other
Constitution—sueh, for instance as that estab-
lished by oqr fathers to." secure the blessings of i
liberty"—the preservation of the Union is not a
"paramount issue." The true reading of this
quotation is this: "desiring the cooperation of all
who regard the advantage and propagation of
slavery as the paramount issue," &c. That I
am not mistaken in this interpretation, allow me
to give some extracts from speeches of members
of Congress at the present session, some of
whom were in the convention and voted for this
resolution. And first I will quote from Mr. Mc-
Mullin, of Virginia:
" And I tall you, sir, and' I want th« country to know it
—I want the gentlemen from the free States, our Republic-
ans, our Seward Republicans, our Abolitionists, or what-
ever else they may be called, to know it—that if you restore
the Missouri compromise, or repeal the fugitive slave late,
this union will sb d18b0lved."
Mr. McMujuun at the same time added:
" I hope that if any gentleman deems I do not properly
represent the state of public feeling in tbe South, he will
correct me."
And no member has ever disclaimed these sen-
timents imputed to the South.
Mr* Shorter, of Alabama, said a few months
ago :
" We tall you plainly that we take issue with you; and
whenever you repeal the fugitive slave law, on refuse to
admit a State on account of slavery in her constitution, or
our equality in the Territories ie sacrifice# by an act of Con-
gress, then the star of this Union will go down to risk mo
xorb.
" Should we be forced to dissolyk thi Union in order to
preserve sotttitem institutions and southern civilization, we
will do it in peace if we can; in war if wa must ; and l«t
the God of battles decide between us."
South Carolina, through one of her Represent-
atives, [JUr. Bases,} declares aa follows;
"That party, which places itself upon the position of giv-
ing power to the North will eventually succeed and when
that party does succeed, in my opinion the bmion will be
at AN END."
The North, according to Mr. Boycb, although
a majority of the States, and, of the people, has
no right to. power. Speaking through another
Representative, [Mr. Keitt,] the same State
admonishes us thus:
"Let the North refuse admission to a Estate because of
slavery in her constitution, and the bistoby of tills onion
is CLOSED."
And the same gentleman adds:
" The South should establish' in. the platform the prin-
ciple, that tbe rigbt of a southern man to his slave is equal,
in its length, and breadth,, to the right of a northern man to
his horse. She should make tbe recognition of the right
full, coxblete, and indisputable."
_ Or, in other words, should insist upon the prin-
ciple that, if a citizen of Maine may take his horse
to South Carolina, and hold it there as property,
the citizen of South C&ralkaa may aa well take
his slave into Maine as property. This results
from the southern doctrine, now so popular, of
the " equality of the States."
But, sir, I am not driven to rely upon the testi-
mony of members of Congress upon this point.
The same sentiments have Been avowed! in south-
ern Democratic conventions—as witness the fol-
lowing, given as a sample, from the resolutions
of a convention in Mississippi, on the 8th of
January last;
"That the passage by Congress of any law abolishing
slavery in the District of Columbia, or prohibiting the slave
trade between Hi« States, or prohibiting slavery in the Ter-
ritories, or other places subject to tbe laws of Congress, or
the refusal of Congress to admit a State into tbe Union
because its constitution recognizes slavery, would afford
evidence of a fixed and deliberate design, on the part of that
body, to impair, weaken, and finally destroy the institution
of slavery in tbe States,' would be such a violatioa of our
rights as would amount to intolerable oppression, and justify
a resort to measures of resistance.' "
According to this, if Congress should attempt
to do now what for sixty years it did without
objection, measures of resistance will be justified.
That the above extracts express the prevailing
southern doctrine, without respect to party, 1
cite the following resolution recently adopted by
an American State Convention in Alabama:
"Resolved, That in view of the increased dangers that
threaten the institutions of the South, this convention deems
it necessary to, and does hereby, reindorse and adopt the
following resolution, known aa the Georgia platform, to wit:
' That tbe State of Alabama, in the judgment of this con-
vention, will, and ought to resist, (as a last resort,) to a dis-
ruption of every tie which binds her to the Union, any action
or Congress upon the subject of slavery in th^ District of
Columbia, or in places snbjeet to the jurisdiction of Con-
gress, incompatible with the safety, the domestic tranquil-
lity, the rights and honor of the stavelioldme States; or any
act suppressing tin itave trade between the slaveboiding
States; or any refiisal to admit, a? a State, any Territory
applying, bccausc of the existence of slavery therein ; or
any act prohibiting the introduction of slaves into the Terri-
tories ; or any act repealing, or materially modifying, the
laws now in force for,the recovery of fugitive slaves."
I now proceed, sir, with my reading of die
Cincinnati resolution: "repudiating all sectional
platforms and parties,"—yes, sir, even as Csesar
repudiated the " kingly crown,"or as Russia re-
pudiated Poland; or as Mr. Buchanan would re-
pudiate Cuba. The ideas and principles of a party,
I have always supposed, rather than the residence
of its members, determines the question whether
it is, or not, a sectional party. Tried by this
standard-, the Democratic party, which knows no
test but slavery, is undeniably a sectional party,
and nothing else. " Which seeks to embroil the
States," aa this Democratic, pro-slavery party
has embroiled them, by the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise, and its machinations to spread
slavery over the Territories, whether the people
wanted it or not; "and incite to treason," ay,
sir, in the high, aa well as low places of the land.
" And armea resistance to law in the Territo-
ries;" this means, that the Cincinnati Convention
gives the stamp of its approbation to the handi-
work of Atchison and his marauders, and recog-
nizes, as the laws of Kansas, the pretended en-
actments of a Legislature of Missourians, sitting
in that Territory. The convention has no cen-
sure for the people of Missouri and other slave
States, for their forays upon Kansas, and no
sympathy for the wrongs of the people of that
outraged Territory. Nay, sir, it virtually ap-
proves and justifies them all, and takes upon itself
the burden and tWin&qiy of transactions scarcely
paralleled in the most barbarous ages.of the world.
Sir, this, platform is intensely, defiantly sec-
tional; in all the resolutions there is no word in
behalf of that great section which desires Kansas
to be free—none. So far from this, ihey virtually
take from it what never has been challenged, be-
fore. Read the fallowing resolution:
" That we recognize the right of the people of all the Ter-
ritories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting through the
Airly-expressed will of the majority of actual residents; and
whenever tbe number of their inhabitants justifies it, to
form a constitution, with or without domestic, slavery, and
be admitted into the Union upon terms of perfect equity
with the otber States." 1
• As you will perceive, it studiously fails to " re-
cognize the rignt of the peopie of the Territories"
to pass,laws, whjle.under a territorial form ofgov-
efriment, for the inhibition of slavery. This, right,
which, was the doctrine of popular sovereignty
two yeara ago as advocated by Cass and Doug-
las., is now ignored. The South has* carried her
ppint; for give her the right to occupy the Terri-
tofies with slaves until they shall have a sufficient
-population, according to her rule, to justify their
admission as States, and she is sure that slavery
will be too firmly planted in them ever tp be dis-
turbed. But not only does the convention repu-
diate popular sovereignty as heretofore under-
stood in the North, but it repeals, so far as a
national Democratic platform can repeal, the
slavery restriction upon Minnesota, Oregon, and
Washington.
Such, in substance, is the Democratic plktfbrm
on the slavery question. Such doctrines would
have seemed strange five years ago, t>ut they are
now the very essence of Democracy.. That they
are embraced and maintained by the Democratic
nominee is certain. Upon this point we were
authoritatively advised, a few weeks ago, by the
honorable gentleman from the Berks district,
Pennsylvania; [Mr. Jones,] who is the champion
of Mr. Buchanan in this House. He removed
all doubts, if any existed, as to this gentleman's
fidelity to the slave power. Speaking of any
possible objections in this direction to Mr. Buch-
anan, he said:
" They are answered by the feet that, twenty years ago,
in the Senate of the United States, he was among the fist
aorthenj men to resist tbe inroads of abolitionism .
" They are answered by his opposition to the circulation
of insurrectionary documents through the mails of the
United States among tbe slaves of the South.
" They are answered by his determined support of tbe
bill admitting Arkansas into tbe American Union."
w * * w * * *
" They are answered by his early support of the annex-
ation of Texas.
" They are answered by Ms persevering s«pport of the
Ugitive slave law.
" They are answered by his energetic efforts to effect die
repeal law of the of FwuayWto* flenymfto
