mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
but it is so much of a court as to answer very
good purposes for efficiency; and just so often as
I can be convinced of the necessity of additional
officers or additional salaries, I shall vote to allow
them; but I cannot cast such a vote upon the
mere suggestions of Senators or a committee.
I hope the farther consideration of this bill will
be postponed for the present. I think it ought
to-be postponed. I think we ought to have the
facts. It has been asserted that we cannot get
them from the court. If the court is going on
as easily as the Senator from Maine suggests,
amidst the mass of business, and if we really
cannot get information from the court as to the
extent of the business before it, let us have the
information from the solicitor; let us have it
from the clerk; let us have it from some person
connected with the court who is responsible.
Let us have the facts. Let us know what is the
necessity and the extent of it. I submit that we
can get this information from the court. I sub-
mit that the court is the best source from which
to derive information of the extent of business
before it, and the necessity of this additional
force, because the court is entirely disinterested
on the question. Sitting there as judges, they
must know the extent of the necessity for addi-
tional force to aid the solicitor, and thoy would
be the best source from which such information
could come. I desire to have it; and I therefore
move that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed for one week.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will say to my friend
from Michigan, that the solicitor of the court in-
formed me that it was utterly impossible for him
to represent the Government in all cases brought
before that tribunal. It would be almost impos-
sible for him to read the briefs made out on be-
half of the claimants, much less to prepare briefs
and make arguments in answer, and attend to the
taking of testimony. I presume the court or the
solicitor would have made a written communica-
tion a* to the necessity of this increase of force
if it had been desired; but it seemed to me not to
be requisite. The business before the court is a
part of the history of the country. We all know
that there is a large amount of business there,
and that it is of a very important nature. We
know that there are large claims, in which the
Government is interested, now pending before
the court, and which will he brought before it.
We see from day to day brief sketches of the
proceedings. Hence it was, that the Committee
on Claims did not call on the court for a written
communication on the subject.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, at one time it
was supposed that this bill would come before
the Committee on the Judiciary, and I had some
conversation with the solicitor, Mr. Montgomery
Blair, and he made an entirely satisfactory state-
ment to me. lie showed me that the cases bz-fore
the court required voluminous briefs, and he ex-
hibited to me some briefs of forty, and of fifty,
and of sixty printed pages. In one case his brief
was composed partly of remarks which 1 myself
had made on this floor, and I asked him the rea-
son of ii. He said he really had no time to make
out a brief in his own language, and he was com-
pelled to cut out with scissors statements of this
kind. 1 am entirely satisfied that what he told
me was true. He says it is impossible to do jus-
tice to the Government by an intelligent inquiry
into the various cases brought before this tribu-
nal, unless he has some one to supply him with
the materials out of which he can make his briefs
He may write out the briefs, but he oughttohave
some person to present the materials to him, and
to hunt up authorities for him. I am entirely
satisfied that he alone cannot do it with justice to
himselfas a lawyer, or to the Government, which
has committed its interests to his charge.
I shall vote for this bill with a great deal of
pleasure. I have had no conversation with the
judges of the court, but I have conversed a good
deal with Mr. Blair upon the subject; and the
result of my communications with lum has been
to force on my mind the conviction that he is
required to do, for a small compensation, more
labor than almost any other man in this Govern-
ment.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, when the
original bill for the establishment of the Court of
Claims was pending before this body, I thought
it would be more prudent to have the interests of
the Government protected by the appointment of
more than one solicitor. I am without any par-
ticular knowledge derived from the solicitor or
judges, but I think I have sufficient knowledge
of the character of the business which has gone
before the court, and the novelty of the questions
raised, to justify me in voting for this bill. The
questions presented to the court are of such a
nature that authorities can hardly be brought to
bear on them; but the decision of them must rest
on principles the investigation of which requires
a very extraordinary application ofintcllect. The
solicitor is expected to meet in all these claims
the opposition of the ablest minds of the country.
Having these facts in view, I cannot entertain
the shadow of a doubt that the interests of the
Government will be measurably unprotected, un-
less you appoint an additional solicitor to the
court during the first four or five years of its ex-
istence. Undoubtedly, after the general principles
which are to govern the rights of claimants against
the United States have been disposed of by the
decisions of the court, in the course of a few years
you will be able to dispense with more than a
single solicitor. At present, however, there is a
mass of business before the court involving new
and complicated questions. Without reference
toanyopmionderived from the solicitor or judges,
and looking only to my own knowledge of the
difficulties connected with the professional ques-
tions, and my knowledge of the mass of business
pressing on the court, I can entertain no doubt
that, if you mean to protect the interests of the
Government, and to have those questions rightly
discussed on the side of the Government, you
must pass the bill now before the Senate. No
human labor would enable the solicitor to do
justice to the cases which are constantly pressing
on him, involving points of the most varied kind,
and altogether novel; and in regard to which he
can derive little information from books, but must
make his deductions from general principles,
which arc to be searched out and presented on
their own merits. He must also enter constantly
into a long investigation of the facts, and he must
examine written depositions to ascertain the facts
in eacli particular case.
Under all circumstances I do not myself doubt—
and I have looked at this bill—that its provisions
do not go one step further than is absolutely
essential to the protection of the interests of the
Government; and I shall vote for it with great
cheerfulness. £ have equally little doubt that,
afier the lapse of a few years, constituted as the
coui t is, as I believe, of very able men, we shall
be able to dispense with more than the ordinary
services of one solicitor as first appointed, with a
clerk. I shall vote for the bill.
Mr. TOUCEY. I have had occasion to make
some inquiries in regard to this matter, and I am
entirely satisfied that the solicitor, if left unas-
sisted, cannot hold the office and discharge its
duties, but will be compelled to resign it. No
man in iny judgment could do it. From my
knowledge of the business in that court, the mil-
lions which are depending there, and the powerful
abilities that are brought to bear against the Gov-
ernment, 1 can say tluit no man is physically able
to discharge the duties of solicitor. Now we
have the unanimous opinion of the committee of
this body to winch it has been referred m favor
of this bill. I think we should be justified in
passing it without delay.
The'PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan,
to postpone the further consideration of the bill
until this day week.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Committee on Claims
have authorized me to move an amendment, by
striking out the word " clerk " in the clausc au-
thorizing the solicitor to employ a clerk, and
inserting the word "deputy." The object is,
that the assistant of the solicitor shall be called a
deputy, which the solicitor prefers. It is a mere
matter of name.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I wish to offer an amendment.
The bill provides in the first section: "and any
one of the said judges may appoint commission-
ers to take testimony." I think that such ap-
pointments should be the act of the court; and I
therefore propose to strike out the words after
the word "and, " and before the word "may,"
and insert the words, "the court;" so that it
shall read, " and the court may appoint commis-
sioners to take testimony." I think the ap-
pointment of commissioners should not be the
act of a single Judge.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wish to ask the chair-
man of the committee if the court has not now
the power to appoint commissioners to take tes-
timony ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, what is the object
of this provision?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will explain to my
friend. Under the act organizing the court three
judges were required for the purpose of appoint-
ing a commissioner; now any two can appoint.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in. The bill, as
amended, was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 13, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first in
order was the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee of Elections.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. HOFFMAN, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Mrs. Newbold be
withdrawn from the tiles of the House, for the purpose of
refcience to a committee of the Senate.
RAILROAD IRON DUTIES.
Mr. READY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to present a preamble and resolu-
tions passed by the Legislature of Tennessee, on
the subject of duty on railroad iron; and ask
their reference to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My colleague—
if I understand him—presents some resolutions
of the Tennessee Legislature on the subject of
duties on railroad iron; and he asks their refer-
ence to the Committee on Commerce. That, sir,
is a subject which pertains strictly to the revenues
of the country, and, consequently, to the tariff—
a subject which the Committee on Commerce has
never had jurisdiction of. It is one which the
Committee'of Ways and Means have exclusive
jurisdiction of. That whole subject—touching
the tariff and revenues of tlie country—as em-
braced in the message of the President and the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, has been
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means;
and I suggest to my colleague the propriety of
letting these resolutions take the same direction.
Mr. RITCHIE. I will state further, that when
that memorial was presented by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Ready,] I rose in myplacc
and objected to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. READY. I do not know what has been
the practice of the House in regard to the refer-
ence of such papers as the one which I have just
presented. It seems to me, however, to belong
as appropriately to the Committee on Commerce
as to any other; and I should prefer it to go to that
committee. I have heard no substantial reason
why it should go to the Committee of Ways and
Means. I know that there is a good deal of sen-
sitiveness on the part of some gentlemen on this
floor in regard to memorials, bills, and resolu-
tions on this subject. I have no doubt, however,
that the interests which they represent will be as
safe in the hands of the Committee on Commerce
as in those of the Committee ofWays and Means;
and I should prefer to let it go to the first-named
committee.
« Mr. CAMPBELL,of Pennsylvania. The ques-
tion in reference to contemplated changes or modi-
fications of the duty on railroad iron has already
been referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means; and the whole subject will, in all proba-
bility, come before that committee, not only in
reference to the question embraced in the resolu-
