8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 22,
after tho word " provided," in the 0110 hundred
and sixteenth line, as follows:
For contingencies for the Army. : Provided,
nevertheless, and it, is- hereby tledaicd, That no pait of the
military force of the I'uueu States, ior the.suppottof winch
appropriations arc made by tins act. s-hall be employed in
the enforcement of any enactment of the body claiming to
be the Territorial Legi&latuie ot Kanfiu,, una! fuen enact-
ment shall have been affirmed and approved by Oon2:r«>s;
but this proviso shall not be so construed as to prevent the
President from employing an adequate military force, but
it shall be his duty to employ such loiee 10 prevent the in-
vasion of said Territory by armed band-* of non ie>idents,
or any other body of non residents acting, or claiming to
act, as a. posse comtlatits of any officer m r,aid Territory, m
the enforcement of any such enactment-, and to pioteet
the persons and property therein, and upon the nation.d
highways leading to said Terntoiy, hom all unlawful
searches am! seizure*; and it shall he his fuither duty to
take efficient measures to compel the lituni of and to
withhold all arms of Me Uniled State* dwriuuted m or.to
said Territory, in pursuance ot anv law of the United States
authorizing the di^Uibuuun cn'arnia 1o the Slate?- and Teui-
tories.
And insert in lieu thereof the following 
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, (interrupting.) I ask
the gentleman from Ohio if that is the same
amendment he offered to-dd v r
Mr. CAMPBELL. The surae.
Mr. COBB. Then i submit to the Chair the
point of order 1 have already made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order raised by the gentleman from
Georgia, and rules that the proviso is not ger-
mane to tho bill.
Mr. BARCLAY. I respectfully appeal from
the decision of the Chnir.
The question wan taken; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
Mr. COBB, i now move to strike out that
proviso reported in the bill. As 1 do not intend
to invite discussion, 1 simply .submit the motion,
and trust t!ie\<>le will be taken upon it. Jr •.>
due, however, to the minority of the Committee
of Ways and -Means, to .slate that wc opposni the
adoption of this proviso in the eommitt- e. I now
wish to indicate that opposition by this motion
to strike out. 1 shall not discuss it. J merely
wish to make this remark, so that our position
may be understood.
Mr. ALLISON demanded tellers on the mo-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cii.vffck
and Smith of Virginia* wore appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported ayes S.">, noes DO.
So the motion was not ai;ieed to.
Mr. PHELPS 1 pieisthiii' no one will desire
the further leading of the lull. 1 mme (hat the
committee rise and report the hill to the I louse.
The motion was agn ed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker ha\ ing
resumed the < hair, i\ 11 .< «uow reported that the
Committee of tho Whole on tin- state of the
Union had, aceoidmg to order, hud the Union
generally under consideration, and paincubily
House bill (No. 57H) making appropi ialion<: for
the support of the Army for the year ending
Juno 30, 1857, and had directed him to report the
same to the i louse without amendment, and with
a iecommendath>n that it do pass.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I move
the previous question upon the engrossment of
the lull.
The previous question wivi seconded; and the
main question ou!" ..'| to l.e put.
Mr. If. A J A it SH \ LL. 1 la ve we m d I he ri<xh t
to a scpurali vote upon that piousor 1 under-
stand that tlieie was a motion mad< to stuke it
out.
The SPEAK Fill. Tho bill was reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the slate of the
Union without amendment; and the previous
question has bi.cn uidercd upon its engrossment
ami third reading.
Mr. Ollll. I move to n eonsiJi r the vote order-
ing the main question, so tiu' wo can get at the
motipn to stuke out the proviso.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to t-av to gentlemen
on the other side of the House, that ad we iteMre
is an opportunity of recording our von s upon a
motion to btuke u'tt the proviso. Jf that be
granted us by genoal eo:,^-nt, we will not then
ask for the yeah and nay& upon the passa-e of
tiu bill. " ,
Air. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I n.-'k the gen-
tleman from Peum.yb.vima [Mr. Ca::plell] to
withdraw his call for the previous question
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered
the previous question; and it is not competent
for the gentleman from Pennsylvania to with-
draw it.
Air. STEPHENS. I hope the motion to recon-
sider will be,acceded to by general consent. Let
us have a vote upon striking out the proviso,
and then I am willing the House shall pass the
bill.
Mr. NICHOLS. I am in favor of this proviso,
but I wish to make one single remark in reference
to it. It is this: While 1 hope the PIouse will
stand by the proviso to the last, because I look
upon it as just 
Air. H. MARSHALL. I call the gentleman
to order. No debate is in order.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. MARSHALL. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the motion to re-
consider was laid on the table.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third tune.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania, called
for the previous question on the passage of the
bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was oidered to be put.
Mr. STEPHENS. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the aJliunative—yeas 93, nays b 5; as follows:
YM\S—Me-.1-'*.. Albri'iht. Allison, Harbour, IJarelav,
Jh'Div HenncN. Ileu^on, l illii: hur-!, !5i>-hop, Mh'-., Ihad-
.-i'.m, J,tme- I'. < \unplx li, il, Chalice,
H.oatd Claike. H/ia Claik* <'olU\, Covode,
<*i«1 • 111. H.tuiiel!, U'-ntv V\ nitei Davi-:, Tuuothv flavi->,
IK',m, 1)'' Wilt, Dick, inek^oii, Dodd, Huttec. Hdic, I'al-
wanK, Cmne. Fl.e/l-v, tddJmi'v, (iilnei t, (.'row,
Robert li Hail, 11.ul in, llollowav, Thomas II. Morton,
Houuid, iltidMon. KeJrev, Ivnapp, Knowlton, Knox, Kun-
kcl, Lenei, .ilaee, Matte on, .Mel '.iity, Kdlmn .Millcr, Mill-
vvmhL Moiyan, Motnil, iUuuay, I\iehoH, Noiron, Andrew
< >i:vt i, J'ai ker, i'elton, IVniiiuinon, I'eftit, 1'ike, l'nn lf:,
ruuiauci, Riu hie, Koticu-, Robi^ou, Sage, Sapp, Scott,
Sheiman, Simmon-*, Spunier, Stanton, St mnahan, Tappan.
Thoiniuton, Thin-t' n, Todd, Tialton, Wade, Wakcnian,
Walhiid^e, Waldtou, Cadw.ilader W.^iihuino,* Bllihu
H. Wa^lihurne, l^oiel Wa^hbiun, Welch, Wood, Wood-
rulV, and Woiniwoitii— 93.
NAVS — Mc-ms. Aiken. Akcis, Baiksd.ilc, llendlcy vS.
Heunott, lioeoek, Howie, Hoycc, Buuiclu Urook<, Hiooni,
(J.idw alader, John P Ctimpliell, tJas-kio, (.'hngiuan, Howell
(-'ohb, Wdliain^on il. W. Cobb, Cox, Crame, Crawford,
Cullcn, Davidson, Den\er, Dowdcll, Edmuitd-on, Elliott,
l'<i u-, I'viik. F.iulknei, FU ren«Mi, Thomas J. Fuller,
1 (inode, .1 llniriMin llain^, Srunp-<on \V. Uarns, Thomas
I li Han.-, Hickman, liou-ann. (o-oiire \V. Jonc^,J. (itancy
| Joue-;, K< i J v. hutvwll. Hake, Ltuliei, ijiiinpkin, AH'xan-
j (h r K Mai-liall. Humphicy Mai-hall, Samuel S. ftlar^hall,
M,i\ wt'll. \1<'MuI1ui, AJctineen, Sum h Mdler, Million, (Jrr,
i Peek, riidp-, Foiiei, I'ovvell, tiuitui.to, Ricaiid, Rivers,
i ihitim. Kn-l, Sundul^e, .Sav.tue, Sew.nd. Shoi tei, S.nnuel
| A Smith, V\ ilhiini Smilli, William (i. Smith, Sliced, Stc-
; pheio. Slew,ut, Swope.Talliott,Taylor, Tnppt:, Vail, Valk,
U'.nisr.'i. Wjiec|< i, Wlniin y, Wilhani-, Wnistow, Daniel
i 15. Wi iid't, John V, AVri^ht. and Zolhcoller—8o.
i So the bill was passed.
I Pending the call of the roll,
■ Mr. liEjN'-NETT, of New York, stated that
i Mr. GitKEsrwooi) and Mr. Me \cham had paired
■ olfon all (juestions relating to Kansas.
1 Mr. SiNIEED stated that his colleague, Mr.
j TIhvdy, had paired off with Mr. Horto>j, of
; Ohio, his colleague having been compelled by
• imperious circumstances to return home.
Mr. CAMP13ELL, of Pennsylvania, moved to
i reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
! and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
! upon the table.
1 The latter motion was agreed to.
; HOUR OF MEETING.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move that, until
otherwise ordered, the daily hour of meeting of
the 1 Louse bo twelve o'clock, m.
j The motion was agreed to.
I Mr. PHELPS. I trust that, by unanimous
j consent, the House will take up the bill from
; tile S'-nate, making appropriations to carry out
tieaties made at the session which closed on
Monday.
Mr. Oilll. I object.
Mr. COPf>, of Georgia, moved the House ad-
journ, which motion was agreed to; and there-
upon (at half pa&t four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE,
Friday, August 22, 1856.
Hons. James M. Mason of Virginia, Henry
S„ Geyer of Missouri, Lyman Trumbull of Illi-
nois, Robert W. Johnson of Arkansas, and
James Harlan of Iowa, attended.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I should like to
know when the practice of introducing the prefix
of ** honorable'' to the statement of names of
Senators, as read in the Journal to-day, wag
adopted. I do not remember it heretofore"*, and if
it bo not an established custom, I would propose
that it be abandoned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secre-
tary informs the Chair that it has been the uni-
form practice in making up the Journal.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It never attracted
mv attention before.
^The Journal of yesterday was approved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House, under the joint reso-
lution adopted yesterday, had signed a number
of enrolled bills. They were thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore, as follows:
An act for the relief of J. W. Todd, a lieu-
tenant m the United States Army;
An act for the relief of Antoine Robedeau;
An act to authorize the legal representatives of
Manuel Gonzales Moro to enter certain land in
Missouri;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Thomas Gordon, deceased.
An act lor the relief of John Otis;
An act for the relief of Calvin Hall, assignee
of William Jones;
An act to confirm the title of Ruhama Whit-
taker and Rebecca Whittaker to certain lands in
the State of Louisiana;
An act for the relief of Ursula E. Cobb, widow
of Charles Cobb;
An act for the relief of John Connolly, late a
private in company A, sixth infantry, United
States Army;
An act for the relief of Abner Dickson, a soldier
in the war of ]812;
An act providing an increase of pension to
Daniel Waldo, of Onondaga county, New York;
An act for the relief of Rudolph Kussmaul;
An act for the relief of James M. Lindsay;
An act for the relief of Salvador Accardi; and
An act for the relief of WiUiam H. Chase.
NEW ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (IL II. No. 578) making
appropikitions fur the suppm t of tho Army lor
the year ending the 30th of June, 1857; in winch
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask. by general consent,
that the appropilation bill be taken up and read
the first and second times.
Ey unanimous consent the bill was read twice
by its title.
Mr. HUNTER. There is no necessity for
referring this hill to the Committee on Finance.
It is precisely the same bill that was up at the last
session, with the contents of which we are ac-
quainted. My purpose is to ask the consent of*
the Senate to go on with it; and I shall submit a
motion of amendment as soon as the Senate agree
to take it up, or is it now before the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill having
been read a second time is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not my purpose, sir, to
debate this bill, or to prolong the time for acting
upon it. I do not see why we may not decide in
regard to it, and terminate the question one way
or the otherto-day. I shall make amotion simply
to strike out the proviso which is in the sixth page,
and which contains the obnoxious legislation m
regard to Kansas. It is the same proviso which
was placed in the bill to which we formerly ob-
jected, and the bill itself is the same bill which
was before the committees of conference at the
time the two Houses ad journed at the last session
of Congress. I submit the motion to amend the
bill by striking out the proviso.
