THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 12, 1856.
New Semes....No. 87.
by the act of Parliament, are restricted to cases
not provided for by the mutiny act, and can have
no effect where that reaches. That act provides
that the king may make " rules and articles of
war." These articles declare the right of re-
moval in the king; and yet, Parliament says,
the king cannot remove or punish for any of-
fense which the mutiny act defines for penalty.
In this view the king's jurisdiction is narrowed
down to his colonies, and even there is checked
by the acts of Parliament wherever they apply.
The Lords and Commons of England, since
the accession of William and Mary, have as-
sumed to govern the army and navy; and by their
yearly reenactment of the mutiny laws, Parlia-
ment, and not the king, support and govern the
army and navy. Previous to that reign, the rais-
ing of armies, declaring war, and maintaining a
navy, were claimed ana exercised as the prerog-
ative of sovereignty. It was this contest between
Parliament and the Crown which, more than any
other cause, drove James the Second from the
British throne, and forms a chapter in English
history of one of the bitterest conflicts between
prerogative and privilege upon record. It result-
ed in the overthrow of military sovereignty as
claimed by the Crown, and firmly established the
right of Parliament to govern the army and navy.
On the accession of William and Mary the
mutiny act was passed, and, by their approval,
this dangerous doctrine of " divine right " was
surrendered, and the Commons of England have
since that day "held the sword." During the
succeeding reign of Anne, the mutiny acts were
perfected, and military courts-martial were estab-
lished and fixed as inexorable systems for the
hearing, determining, and punishing all military
crimes and disorders, as adopted by us. But
here the President never was invested with any
of the military powers so long exercised by the
kings of England. The people of continental
Europe have not yet broken this scepter of
strength, nor yet have they wrested it from the
hand of the sovereign. This Government, in its
beginning, settled upon Congress all military
control of the Army and Navy, and the militia
of the States when called into the service of the
country; and yet, borrowing from English sys-
tems having little or no relation to ours—which
is specially and inexorably fixed by legislation—
we have applied the exercise of powers, and
adopted practices which have no application to
our system, and are utterly repugnant to the
fundamental principles of all our institutions.
In all the articles of the code of 1806, not one,
in terms or by implication, can confer on the
President the power of dismissal, except the
eleventh article, which, in disjunction from the
other sections of the act, inferentially concedes
to him the power to discharge commissioned
officers. If, however, we take the law in its his-
torical and legal connection, and construe it pari
materia, by judicial rules of interpretation, it
confers no power upon the President to dismiss
for crime, or to impute disgrace. This article is
borrowed, substantially, from the twentieth sec-
tion of the mutiny act, which reads as follows :
" No commissiened officer shall be cashiered or dismissed
the King's service, except by an order from his Majesty, or
by the sentence of a general court-martial, appioved by
the King, or by some person having authority from his Ma-
jesty, under the sign-manual. Non-commissioned officers
may be discharged as private soldiers, and by the order of
a colonel of the regiment; or, by the sentence of a court-
martial, reduced to private sentinels."
An eminent and learned English commentator
on military law, Francis Grose, says:
" Cashiering and diimiwal, as here used, may be taken
in a fair or honorable sense,as well as a discreditable one."
Cashiered, did not mean originally, as Grose
explains, anything ignominious, as it does now.
Again: in speaking of this power of the King
to remove commissioned officers from his service
by his mere order, and without previous trial or
inquiry, says, that "it is an act of itself, not
necessarily inferring any disgrace or discredit;
while the other arm or branch of the article in-
tends a cashiering or dismissal of a contrary
87
character, namely, by the sentence of a court-
martial duly approved," &c., &c. If this com-
mentary means anything, it is, that the article
was intended to authorize the King to discharge
officers who might wish voluntarily to retire from
service at his discretion, as he might judge best.
This construction is maintained by the decisions
of the English courts, that the language, "non-
commissioned officers may be discharged as pri-
vate soldiers, and by the order of the colonel of
the regiment," "gives to the colonel no authority
to exercise that power to the degradation of a
non-commissioneu officer."
Lieutenant General Dundas, in reference to this
article, says:
'•I have to signify my concurrence in opinion with the
court, that there is riot any competent regimental authority
by which a non-commissioned officer can be degraded, un-
less by the sentence of a court martial."
Nothing is clearer than that this act of Parlia-
ment intended the granting to colonels of regi-
ments a power to discharge non-commissioned
officers in the like sense it authorized the Crown
to discharge commissioned officers. The rule of
construction is the same in both cases, as they
are parts of one section of a common law, having
identical objects for its accomplishment. This
common intention was to provide a mode for com-
missioned officers to resign at their pleasure, if
the King approved; and for non-commissioned
officers, at their will, to serve as private soldiers,
without carrying with them any reproach or dis-
grace.
If, then, that article of the mutiny act was not
intended to grant the power to the King to dis-
miss his military officers at his will, it is equally
certain that the eleventh article of war, as incor-
porated into our system, for yet stronger reasons,
confers no such power upon the President.
This articlc is as follows:
" After a non-commissioned officer or soldier shall have
been duly enlisted and sworn, he shall not be dismissed the
service without a discharge in writing; and no discharge
granted to him shall be sufficient which is not signed by a
field-officer of the regiment to which he belongs, or com-
manding officer where no field-officer of the regiment is
present; and no discharge shall be given to a non-commis-
sioned. officer or soldier before his term of service expires,
but by order of the President, the Secretary of War, the
commanding officer of a department, or the sentence of a
general court-martial; nor shall a commissioned officei be
discharged the service, but by onlerof the. President of the
United States, or by sentence of a general couit-martial."
This article has the same intendment in our
code that the twentieth section has in the Eng-
lish mutiny act, but is more carfully worded, and
its import expressed with more precision. The
clauses relating to discharges—except dismissions
by sentence of courts-martial—have reference to
honorable discharges of soldiers before their terms
expire, and to the discharges of officers by accept-
ance of resignations, and reductions under acts
of Congress. The article names the officers who
alone can discharge soldiers before the expiration
of their term ©f enlistment, and confers upon them
this power. Those arc honorable discharges, car-
rying with them no reproach, and granted gen-
erally in consequence of disabilities arising from
wounds, ill-health, &c.,&c. The other discharges,
by sentences of courts-martial, alone carry with
them ignomy and disgrace—and these are for
crime. In the same connection, the article says:
" No commissioned officer shall be discharged the service
but by order of the President of the United States, or by
sentence of a general court-martial."
The letter and the spirit of these words alike
imply two characters or kinds of discharges—one
honorable, the other dishonorable. That by the
President implies no reproach; for, without his
order, as here provided, there is no way appointed
for an officer to leave the service by resignation,
or other honorable retirement. The discharge
by court-martial is reproachful, as it implies crime
and disgrace. This is the only section of the
military law of 3806 that made provision for the
honorable retirement of officers from land or sea
service. Up to that date, resignations were ac-
cepted by resolutions of Congress, or by reduc-
tions of the service as provided by special act.
The proper-interpretation of this section may
be drawn from its relation to the general act; and
its true sense in such a connection is readily as-
certained as providing an honorable mode of dis-
charging officers from the service. The general
law would present infinite conflicts and confusion
were it interpreted as granting to the President
power to discharge for crime. Every possible
military crime, irregularity, immorality, and dis-
order, which officers can be guilty of, is to be as-
certained by courts-martial, and punished by the
terms of the law, where that specifies the pen-
alty, or at the judgment of the court, where the
punishment is discretionary. It would be against
all reasonable presumption to suppose that, in
addition to this, Congress would confer upon the
President power to dismiss for these offenses
without the interposition of a court-martial. I
am fully sustained in this view of the interpreta-
tion of this section by the most learned English
jurists and commentators. Grose says, " cash-
iered," as used in the English act, had no re-
proachful meaning when the act was first framed.
It follows, that it conferred upon the King no
power to dismiss ignominiously, or for crime.
This opinion derives additional strength from the
fact that this word was dropped in framing the
article in our code, as the sense of the term in
1806, when that code wascompleted and adopted,
had come to be received as implying reproach and
ignominy.
The numerous instances of the exercise of this
power in removing officers without a trial, has
doubtless produced the general impression, and
is relied upon as showing, that tjiis power is
actually vested in the President. I think there
is a prevalent misapprehension upon this subject,
which may be removed by a clearer understand-
ing of the true state of facts in the case, and which
will illustrate the origin of the prevailing error of
opinion. By act of Congress, approved January
31, 1823, the non-rendition of officers' accounts,
" with the vouchers necessary to the correct and
prompt settlement thereof,''was madeadismiss-
ible offense, without the intervention or verdict
of a court-martial. But this dismission is the
penalty of the law itself, and confers no power
upon the President beyond its execution. The
law, by the very terms of its application, dis-
misses everv officer who is brought within its
operation. It requires the accounting officers, to
whose knowledge the non-rendition of accounts
would come, to report the fact promptly to the
President. It still contains the humane and just
provision of giving the officer a hearing before the
act of dismission is executed upon him. The
terms of the act in reference to this point are these:
" Provided, That in all cases where any officer, in default
as aforesaid, shall account to the satisfaction of the Presi-
dent for such default, he may be continued in office, any-
thing in the foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding."
Instead of conferring any power upon the Pres-
ident to destroy or condemn, this proviso makes
him the instrument to save. Instead of the power
to remove, it gives him the power to retain. It
makes him the merciful judge or mediator between
legislation and execution. These cases require no
intervention of a court-martial to ascertain crime.
The very fact of such non-rendition is fixed by
the report of the proper accounting officer of the
Departments; and that non-rendition is the crime
or offense which the law punishes with dismis-
sion. But yet, in deference to the spirit of all
just legislation, Congress even here provides a
hearing for the accused; an opportunity for justi-
fication and defense is afforded him by suspend-
ing the act of dismission until he may be heard
by the President. On this hearing the President
becomes a judge, with power to save, if in his
opinion the law has not been violated: but, if the
explanation or defense of the officer is not satis-
factory, then, by the oath of his office, he must
execute the law by ordering his dismission from
the service. It is clear, therefore, that this act
of Congress, under which officers have repeatedly
been dismissed, delegates to the President no such
power as dismission at will.
From the fact that this usurped power has been
