10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 22,
troduced at the late session, I was opposed to it.
I do not know whether I objected to its consid-
eration, but I certainly should have done so if it
were necessary to prevent its consideration; and
if there are any rules now which will prevent its
consideiation, I shall feel it my duty again to
object. Does not the Si 1st joint rule prevent any-
thing being considered of the last session's busi-
ness'until six days have elapsed?
The PRESIDENT protempore. Thisismerely
a resolution, not a bill. Does the Senator from
Tennessee insist on his motion ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT ;)ro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Tennessee
to take up the following resolution:
Resolved, Tliilt there be allowed and paid to each of the
employesoftliesVniue and m the Congressional Libraiy the
same compensation that is allowed to the employe of the
♦House of Representatives by a resolution of the House of
August l.i, I8.)ti, to be paid out of the contingent turn) of the
Senate, under the direction ot the committee to audit and
control the same.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays-.
Mr BROWN. In pursuance of the under-
standing which was had about taking up new
business, I shall vote against taking up the reso-
lution, though I am in favor of its passage. I
think, after we get through the matter of dilfer-
ence with the House of Representatives in ref-
erence to the Army appropriation bill, this reso-
lution can be taken up without violating any
agreement, and there will be plenty of time then.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Well, sir, I yLeid
to that suggestion, and withdraw the motion.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. CLAY. If there be no business before
the Senate, I desire to. oiler a resolution calling
for information:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to report to thu Senate at the enmmeneemenl of the next
session of Congress, as accuialcly a- po-Mhle, the amount
that will he requited to pay the allowance** proposed jo be
made by the hill p.i--ed hj the llou^u ot RepreseriUtive-. at
the late session, entitled u An act to provide for the M'ttle-
meut of the claims of ollic-ers of the revolution.uy aimy,
and ot the widows and oiphan childieu of those who died
in the Kutviev."
Mr. HIGHER. Is not that business ?
Mr. CLAY, i suppose there will bo no ob-
jection to it. It is only a resolution calling for
information
Mr. BUTLER. I think if you introduce this
you may introduce others. It will be an enter-
ing wed#'. 1 cannot vote for it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does thoSen-
ator object to the consideration of the resolution?
Mr. "BROWN and Mr. BIULER objected.
The PltESlDENT pro tempore* It lies over
under the ndes.
KECIiSS.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I surest an informal recess,
until a message be received from the Huu.sc.
Mr. CRI TTENDEN. I move that the Senate
take a recess for half an hour.
The PRESl DENT pro tempore. By unanimous
consent theio will be a recess for half an hour,
until fifteen minutes past two o'clock. The Chair
hears no objection.
The Senate reassembled at fifteen minutes past
two o'clock.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. BIGGS. I desire to report from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills. There we're a batch of
bills, some fourteen in number, in the hands of
the enrolling committee, at the last session, but
not present")! to the Senate prior to the adjourn-
ment. They are still in ihe bauds of the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, and my construction of
the joint resolution it?, that it is proper to piesont
them to the President. They are blouse bills.
I report that the committee have presented them
to tile President of the United States.
NEW ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the Houseof Representatives,
by Mr. Cuu.om, their Clerk,announced that the
adhu 'd to us di>agreement to the amend-
ment of the Seiiah; insisted on by the Senate to
the bill R No. 57d) making appropriations
for tiie support of the Army for the year ending
the :Wth Jane, 1857.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the House of
Representatives insist on passing no bill making
appropriations for the Army, except on condi-
tion that we agree to legislation which is contrary
to our judgment. 1, for one, feel bound to say,
in vindication of the constitutional rights of the
Senate, that we ought to permit the bill to be lost.
I move that the Senate adhere to its amendment.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Mr. President, this
bill presents itself to the Senate as an orginal bill
i at this extra session. It is a new bill, in the par-
' liamentary sense. The Senate struck out the pro-
viso contained in the biU as it came from the
House. The House disagreed to this amend-
ment of the Senate. The Senate insisted upon its
amendment; and the House have taken a very
unusual, unparliamentary, and in my judgment,
under the circumstances, the inexcusable course
of adhering to their disagreement to the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I submit to the honorable Sen-
ator, that, according to my recollections of par-
liamentary law and usage, it is against the rule
to speak in terms of disrespect of the correlative
branch of the Legislature.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not mean any
disrespect to the House. I only mean to say
that, in my judgment, its course is unusual and
scarcely excusable, considering the magnitude of
the issue between the two Houses. I imagine
that the House will understand that I intend no
disrespect to them. I say that for the House to
adhere to their disagreement in this early stage of
the bill is unusual and unparliamentary. There
may, perhaps, be something in the history of a
similar bill during the late session which may
alfoid someexcuscfor this extraordinary course;
and, therefore, I am far from intending to speak
in terms tending in any degree to exasperate or
show any disrespect to the House.
But, sir, my object m rising was to call the
attention of the Senate to what I think it becomes
it now to do. This is the Senate of the United
I States, and we should not allow the ptoceedmg
| of the House to swerve us in the slightest degree
I from the usual course of parliamcntaiy courtesy
and forbearance when difference of opinion on
any subject of legislation is manifested between
the two Houses. I think it is proper for the. Sen-
ate of the United States, on a question of this
kind—it is not an ordinary one—to consult, in
what they propose to do, that dignity, wisdom,
and propriety which was expected of the Senate
on occasions of this description by the lathers of
the Constitution. When the other House ad-
heres to its disagreement in the first instance, if
we were to consult impulsive feeling and the
promptings of unskilled judgment, we should
also adhere. But I hope that no such feelings
will control the course of this body now.
As I have said before, this is not an ordinary
question. It is a great question. I wish I could
foresee the end of it, and the results of the de-
cision which may be made here. To defeat the
bill now would be very different in its effect from
the failure of the bill <it the close of the late ses-
sion. The two 11 outers had agi eed on an adjourn-
ment at twelve o'clock on Monday last; but 1
solemnly believe that, if two hours more had been
allowed us, tins Appropriation bill for one of the
' great branches of the public defense would not
i have fallen. It is useless to advert to the uieum-
1 stances which may have occurred, or may be snp-
: posed to have occurred, to bring us into our
! present attitude. But whatever maybe the eau^e
—whatever may be the real eircumstar'ct s, I in-
I voke the sobi r, calm, refk ctmg judgment of the
1 Senate to realize the expectations of the founders
i of the Constitution, in giving to it a more durable
I and stable teniae of power—a judgment formed
: after weighing well ail the consequences that may
| result from our action. Let us not decide upon
; passion.
| Mr. President, the ordinary course of parlia-
; mentary usage and practice on the part of the
J House of ilepicsentatives, w .-"Id have been to
! insist on then disagreement amendment of
the Senate to this sail. I suppose the impression
■ made on their minds by wlnu took place during
: the late session induced them to adhere in the first
! instance. But, shall we adhere ? Usually speak-
: nig, on a point of etiquette and strict pailiament-
aiy practice, the Senate, which has been treated
in this way, would adhere also, and there let the
, matter drop. It seems to me, however, that this
is too great an occasion for us to act upon the
ordinary principles or motives to action in such
cases. For myself, I do not consider the point
of honor is concerned in u at all.
I ask, what is the course which it becomes the
Senate now to take? Mildly, with themostcon-
cdiatory spirit, and wisely, to adopt the usual
resolution, unheeding, if you please unnoticing,
in our formal action, ihe vote of the House; but
to insist on our amendment and ask for a confer-
ence. 1 think this is an occasion which would
justify some departure from the usual parliament-
ary practice, and authorize us to appoint a larger
committee of conference than is common. I trust
the Senate will agree to appoint five or seven, or,
if you please, ten, of the most experienced and
leading members of this body, to confer with a
like committee of the House on this question.
It may be thought that I seek to magnify the
question beyond its real deserts, or tendencies,
or importance. I believe I do not overrate its
importance. I have been long noticing, with
anxious solicitude, the tendency of several mat-
ters in connection with the general subject on
which this disagreement arises, and I think we
have now reached a point where we ought to
pause, and seriously reflect as to whither we
must land, if we go on in the course which we
have been pursuing.
When we adjourned on Monday last, there
was no great surprise produced in the public
mind; there was no alarm manifested, because it
was supposed that if we had continued the ses-
sion for a few hours longer, this bill would have
been-saved. Now, however, the President of
the United States? considering that an " extraor-
dinary occasion'1 has arisen, has called us together
aji'am to reconsider the decision of Congress at
the last session, on that question. I think the
President is entirely justifiable in that call; and
if he had not exercised his authority in this way,
1 think he would have incurred a responsibility
which but few reflecting men would consider
themselves justified in assuming. If now, after
he has called us together specially, we suffer this
bill to fail-—particularly if the failure result from
a want of proper deliberation, or by acting upon
impulse or passion, or in consequence of any
parliamentary technicality—who can foresee the
consequences ?
If the members of the Senate will bear with
me for a few minutes longer, I have an additional
consideration to suggest, which perhaps may have
some influence on their course. I have not been
upon any of these numerous committees of con-
ference, nor, from the position 1 originally occu-
j pied upon this subject, had I a right to expect to
! be on them. The practice has been to appoint a
majority of such a committee, two out of three,
from those members of the body who do not feel
I themselves at liberty to budge one hair's breadth
1 from what seems to be the opinion of the ma-
jority of the body, upon the questions of differ-
ence between the two Houses. Thus ultra men,
and one ultra majority, have set the fate of this
country upon a "a cast,"and they appear re-
solved to " stand the hazard of the die."
Now let me say, that m my opinion this whole
proviso of the House,about which we have been
ditiering, does not aifect materially the legitimate
and constitutional powers of the President. I
will not say that this is a settled opinion, because
1 have not made all the investigations necessary
to satisfy my own mind; but this is the conclusion
to which 1 have bu n led by the examination
which 1 have h*>en able to make, i think that if
this proviso had been agreed to, nnnine contradi-
r.mfe, m the Senate, it would not in any material
degree aifect his duties and powers in seeing that
the laws are faithfully executed. His poweis in
that respect are defined m the Constitution, and
are explained by existing laws. No proviso,
with general and undefined limitations, could be
interposed, even by the unanimous consent of
jj both Houses of Congiess, to control the Pres-
h ident m the proper exercise of his duty m seeing
that the laws of the United States are faithfully
!i executed,and insurrections put down. It seemed
| to me, however, as it did to the majority of the
1 Senate, thnt whatever might be the true and
I substantive import of this piovtso, here was an
| attempt, on the part of the House, to make it
i a condition precedent to the granting of any
I appropriations for the support of an mdispens-
! able branch of the common defense, and under
