1378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
so often exercised, it seems to have been pre-
sumed that it was lawfully exercised; and this
presumption has doubtless been strengthened, be-
cause of the general and tacit acquiescence of those
who have been thus dismissed. Butwhen we re-
flect that this power' has been exercised usually
in cases of flagrant crime or of shameless im-
morality, the reason and the policy of silence and
non-resistance on the part of those upon whom
this power has been exercised become apparent.
To resist or contest its exercise, although the
power be usurped and unlawful, would only give
notoriety to infamy and publicity to shame,
which the party affected would prefer should be
covered with the mantle of oblivion. The con-
sciousness of guilt disarms the accused. He
does not invoke that spontaneous power of the
wronged and oppressed, which starts to their res-
cue when in the rectitude of innocence they appeal
to their fellow-men and to the public law for
sympathy and for succor. Shame is rarely bold
enough to entreat public sympathy. It is this
passive submission to the exercise of this power
that has given currency and adoption to the idea
that the right of the President to dismiss at will is
unlimited and lawful.
Tbere would be comparatively little cause for
alarm in the occasional usurpation of such power
in extraordinary cases. But the danger lies in
admitting the existence of the power, and that the
exercise of it is 110 usurpation. The exercise of
unauthorized power is at times tolerated where law
cannot be applied, but where the positive good
may be great and the direct evil may be trifling.
But when lawlessness shall be sanctioned by
common acquiescence, and when it shall in fact
bccome the law itself by long and unquestioned
usage, the danger assumes proportions of im-
measurable magnitude.
These are among the incidents and circum-
stances in our military legislation and experience
which have gone far to inculcate and give cur-
rency to the strange idea of an extraordinary
power in the President, by the exercise of which
he may, at his will, strike down at a single blow,
and without the interposition uf any judicial or
legislative authority, the whole military power of
the country, by the removal of every officer of
the Army and Navy. The powrr to create an
army, and thereby to subvert the liberties of the
people, would not be more perilous or more preg-
nant of evil than the power to disband our Army
and Wavy, and thereby throw open the country
to the invasion of the public enemy. A greater
peril to the liberties of a free people can hardly
be conceivcd or apprehended than an army and
liavy officered by men whose relations to the
commander-in-chief place them in this uncer-
tain and dependent attitude. Military men can
never bo relied upon whose stations are held by
a tenure which strikes at the very root of per-
sonal and professional independence,and exposes
them to the precarious condition of a life of
chance, imperiled by the caprices, the passions,
the schemes, the coup d'etals, or the ambition of
a commander-in-chief. The loyalty of an army
should be loyalty to the country. This can never
be, when the country submits the control of the
Army to the will of one man, and the tenure of
whose office is suspended upon his pleasure and
favor. Subserviency to power is not loyalty, and
can never, wi li safety, usurp the place of loyalty
to profession and country.
Rome declined from the day that the Senate
yielded the control of its armie3 to the Em-
peror. Her armies conquered the world. But
it should not be forgotten that the armies at last
elected the Emperor. This was the beginning
of the decay of a nation in whose ruins liberty was
buried for centuries, and the morning of whose
resurrection has hardly yet begun to dawn upon
the world. The example of the transfer of the
throne of the Cresars to the Emperor Julian by
the Pretorian Guards, should not be forgotten
as an admonitory lesson to the republics of the
present day._ There is alike eminent wisdom
and security in the entire separation of military
and political power. The camp is dangerous
ground where political faetiomsts stand as its
sentinels, and where favor and promotion are
things of sale and purchase; and where personal
integrity and independence are at the peril or the
mercy of any man who holds at his disposal the
fame and the fortunes of its officers.
It is not my purpose to apply these views to
the act of 28th of February , 1855, or to the action
of the board or the President under that law.
My purpose is the vindication of the independ-
ence of our military and naval officers from the
influence of executive power, where favor may
be courted, or by which professional fidelity or
personal uprightness may be assailed, through
passion, caprice, or ambition. To this end I
invoke the Senate to consider well and seriously
the concessions they make to the possession of
powers by the Executive, dangerous not only to
the personal character, and independence, and true
loyalty of military and naval officers, but which
assume a political importance far outweighing all
personal considerations. I ask that military and
naval officers maybe governed by, and be subject
to, the laws of Congress under the Constitution—
that they may be governed by, and be subject to,
military regulations, however severe and inexor-
able they may be, but which bear alike upon all,
and which arraign and punish crime of every de-
gree, wherever committed, regardless of persons,
unawed by fear, and independent of executive
power or favor. To depart from the plain terms
of the Constitution, and by implication, interpre-
tation, or construction, to concede to the Pres-
ident so potential and dangerous a power as that
he may even disband at his pleasure the Army
and the Navy of the United States, is at least well
calculated, and,in my opinion,will notfailtopro-
duce serious apprehensions. 1 cannot regard it
otherwise than as the first willing step of this
Government in the certain pathway to ruin.
The interests of the Army and Navy have
always been jealously watched and cared for by
Congress. The changes which have been made
from time to time in applying the mutiny act to
our Army have been ill conformity to the spirit
of our institutions. So far as condition and cir-
cumstances will permit, all laws relating to the
Army and Navy, as well as those relating to
American citizens generally, should be made in
harmony with the republican character and spirit
of our free institutions. In this regard, the legis-
lation of Congress has been wise and happy in
fixing a military judicial system which secures
the inalienable right of trial for every type and
degree of military crime.
It is only by misconstruction and misappli-
cation of the laws of Congress, that the extraor-
dinary feature in a republican Government, of
conceding to the President the most perilous and
potential omnipotency of sovereignty, can bo de-
rived. What throne in Europe stands so firmly
that it would abide the revolution of a single sun,
should the monarch, without the assent of its
legislative department, assume to disband its
Army and Navy ? And yet, upon the floor of the
American Senate, it is claimed, without reserve,
that this is the right, the prerogative of a repub-
lican President! It is true we have notbeen pointed
to the laws which conferred this right of sover-
eignty; nor have we been referred to any clause
in the Constitution conferring such a grant of
power. The vague provision of the acts of 1789,
" creating certain Executive Departments," did
not confer it, as I have before shown. That
provision or recognition of the power only ap-
plied to the very classes of civil officers which
these acts created,known to be transient in their
nature, and which no courts had then been cre-
ated to try and remove. Here the constitutional
power of the President was deduced ex necessitate.
They were the mere agents of the Executive—
appointed by him to execute his known will and
pleasure. They were not, in reality, the officers
of the Government: they were not, certainly, the
military power of the Government, commissioned
under fixed laws, and belonging to, and consti-
tutmga special and permanentinstitution. "Where,
then, is this undefined, yet most potential prerog-
ative of power to be found ? Senators may wan-
der through the mazes of the Constitution, and
study the application of the laws, in search of
this executive power or prerogative, and with all
their severity of investigation I am sure they
will fail to find it.
The independence of military and naval offi-
cers, the spirit of loyalty to the country, that
tone of temper and will which alone commands
men and energizes armies and navies, should
never bo humiliated by the idea of its submission
to the caprices of a weak Executive, nor sub-
jected to the jealousies or resentments of a bad
one. Their loyalty is to the country, and they
should so feel it and rejoice in it; and that country
should not expose the fidelity of its officers, who
constitute the nation's defense, to the temptations
of favor, or the fear of resentments. Our military
system is as just and equal as it is severe and
inexorable. But if these laws of Congress, by
which it is intended that every crime of an officer
shall be ascertained and punished by courts-mar-
tial, can be set aside and disregarded, and the
power usurped by the Executive, who may, of
his own will, declare upon the question of guilt,
and punish it by dismission, then these laws fail
in every feature of the essential independence of
a judicial system, and fail also in affording that
security which the well-being and the very exist-
ence of the Army and Navy alike demand.
There is possibly one law, but only one law,
which can justify the exercise of this usurped
power, should the occasion for its application
ever arise. I mean the law of necessity. Happily
for us that our system of government is so con-
structed that this plea and prerogative of tyrants
can find rare occasion to be brought into requisi-
tion. Our laws are made and unmade by the
people; and in the wisdom of their representa-
tives rarely anything is done or left undone in
legislation to be rectified by the dangerous and
fugitive verdict of an inflamed mob, or by the
still more uncertain judgment of a single mind,
prejudiced, it may be, by personal resentments,
or instigated by sinister and unworthy motives.
In the Army and Navy, the plea of necessity can
never be made, unless in very extraordinary
emergencies. Arrests, suspension, and trial by
military courts, are alike summary and certain
for every offense that can be committed in time
of peace everywhere, so far, at least, as officers
are concerned. Military officers cannot escape
conviction, nor avoid the penalties for crime as
fixed by law; and conviction and punishment are
made doubly certain by the power of the sword
to enforce summary trial.
Again, Mr. President, it is contended that this
power is conferred upon the Executive,or,atleast,
that the existence of the power is admitted in
reference to military officers, by the words of
their commissions. The answer to this is, that
these commissions are nothing more than the
mere formularies of the proof of office, which
any President may alter or modify, as they are
merely his letters accrediting his officers in their
official capacity to strangers, or to " all whom it
may concern." They are not appointments, but
only the evidence of them. They are not the
authority or the law appointing the officer, or the
title or tenure by which he holds; but they ars
the mere proof of the appointment.
President Washington, early in his adminis-
tration, submitted to Mr. Jefferson, then Secre-
tary of State, the subject of the forms of commis-
sions for every kind of civil and military officer.
Mr. Jefferson adopted the English form for mili-
tary commissions, and directed that form to be
copied and adopted in commissions for the Army
and Navy. Through some oversight, either he,
or, as is more probable, some copying clerk,
inserted in our form—transferring the English
phraseology—these words; " This commission to
be held during the pleasure of the President of
the United States for the time being." This lan-
guage incorporated into the laws creating these
officers would define their tenure, and settle the
question here at issue; as thereby Congress would
have conferred the power of dismissal, in case it
can delegate such a power. Ill the commission,
however, these words have no effect for nant of
authority. They are the mere verba of the com-
mission; not the language of the law, or its author-
ity. The same words m the commission of the
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States no one will contend would alter, or in any
way affect, the tenure of his office; and yet the
authority to insert them there is the same as to
insert them in the commissions of military or
naval officers. The officers are created by law;
they are appointed bylaw; the President, bylaw,
utters their commissions or letters of credit; and
that is all. But I have no occasion for further
illustration or argument upon this point, as the
Supreme Court of the United States, in the case
of Marbury us. Madison, have settled the princi-
ple of law as I have contended for.
