644
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 21,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Laws of Kansas—Mr. Colfax.
Ho. of Reps.
1858, longer than a member of this House holds
his seat by the authority of his constituents.
And it is to this Legislature, the senatorial branch
of which, even if legally elected, should expire in
nine months from this time, but which, in defi-
ance of the organic law, have taken upon them-
selves to extend their term to a period nineteen
months distant, that Judge Douglas desires, in
his bill, to submit the question of when a census I
shall be taken preparatory to admission as a
State, and to clothe them with the superintend-
ence of the movements in the Territory, prelim-
inary to said admission. When we have in-
vestigated to-day the "constitutionality," the
"justice," the " impartiality," the " humanity"
of their acts thus far, no one will need to ask, I
why I am not willing, for one, to give them the
slightest degree of power or authority hereafter,
but, on the contrary, desire to take from them that
which they have illegally usurped and tyranni-
cally exercised. j
But, if to these two points, it is replied, that the (
term of the House of Representatives was intended
by this mock Legislature to expire on the 30th of
March, 1856, ten months before the new House
takes it seat, and the Council, in March, 1857, j
ten months before the new Council meets, it fol- i
lows that, though the Nebraska bill extended
"popular sovereignty" l*y giving the President
absolute control of two of the three branches of
the Government, the executive and judicial, and
left to the people only the legislative, subject to
a two-thirds veto of the President's Governor,
this Legislature so legislates that there is no House
of Representatives there from March, 1856, to Jan-
uary, 1857, and no Council from March, 1857, to
January, 1858—in a word, so that there can be no
Legislature in the Territory from March, 1856, to
January, 1853, except from January to March,
1857, barely two months out op twenty-
two !
Third. The next violation of the organic law
is the enacting of a fugitive slave law in that Ter-
ritory; although, by section twenty-eight of the
Nebraska bill, the fugitive slave law of the United
States was declared " to extend and be in full
force within the limits of the Territory of Kan-
sas." This is one of the violations that I do not
complain much about, for in some respects the ter-
ritorial law is milder than the national one and
requires the slave claimant to pay the costs in ad-
vance; but I allude to it to show the utter reckless-
ness of the Kansas legislators and their disregard
of the law of Congress. By this law, (sections 28
and 29, page 329,) persons are prohibited from
taking fugitives from the Territory, except in ac-
cordance with its provisions, and are fined $500 if
they do so.
Fourth. The expenses of the Territory are
paid, as is well known, out of the national Treas-
ury; and section thirty of the Nebraska bill enacts
that the chief clerk of the Legislature shall receive
four dollars per day, and the other clerks three
dollars per day. But on page 444 of the Kansas
code, you will find an extra douceur to the clerks
of fifteen and twenty cents per hundred words
for indexing and copying journals; on page 145,
another law, declaring that, if the Secretary
(then acting as Governor after Governor Reeder's
removal) should refuse his assent to the above,
the chief and assistant clerks should receive $100
each out of the Treasury, besides their per diem;
and on the next page, page 146, the pay of the
enrolling and engrossing clerks is increased to
four dollars per day, on the like contingency,
although the organic law expressly fixed it at
three dollars per day. The legislators acted as
if they had not only conquered the people of
Kansas, but the national Treasury also.
_ Fifth. Section twenty-two of the organic law
gives the Governor exclusively the right of determ-
ining who were elected members of the Legis-
lature. He did so, throwing out about one third
of the members elected at the first election, the
reign of terror and of violence preventing more
contests of other equally fraudulent returns. But
the Legislature, when assembled, without exam-
ination of the merits of each case, and without
authority to commit such an act at all, threw out
all the members elected at the second election,
and admitted in their stead those whose right to
seats the GoTernorh&d Expressly denied.
Sixth. Section twenty-four of the organic law
enacts:
" That the legislative power of the Territory shall extend
to all rightful subjects of legislation consistent with the
Constitution of the United States; but no law shall be
passed interfering with the primary disposal of the soil."
But if you will turn to page 600, you will see
how coolly this bogus Legislature ignores both
the Nebraska bill and the preemption law; for it
declares, as if they owned the soil, that in actions
of trespass, ejectment, &c., settlers shall be pro-
tected in their preemptions, not of one hundred
and sixty acres, but of three hundred and twenty
acres; "that such claim may be located in two
different parcels, to suit the convenience of the
holder," "without being compelled to prove an
actual inclosure;" and the still more flagrant re-
pudiation of the congressional preemption law,
that " occupancy by tenant shall be considered
equally valid as personal residence," under which
the whole Territory may be preempted by Mis-
sourians. And this law, with the others, is to
be enforced by the President!
Seventh. Section thirty of the Nebraska bill
enacts that the official oath to be taken by the
Governor and secretary, the judges, "and all other
civil officers in said Territory," shall be " to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, and
faithfully to discharge the duties of their respect-
ive offices." No more—no less. But the legis-
lators of Kansas, with the same disregard of the
congressional law that marked their other acts,
enacted another kind "of official oath, on page 438
of their code, as follows:
" sec. 1. ^11 officers elected or appointed under any exist-
ing or subsequently-enacted laws of this Territory, shall
take and subscribe the following oath of office: ' I, ,
do solemnly swear upon the holy Evangelists of Almighty
God, that I will support the Constitution of the United
States, and that I will support and sustain the provisions of
an act entitled ' An act to organize the Territories of Ne-
braska and Kansas,' and the provisions of the law of the
United States commonly known as the 'fugitiveslave law,'
and faithfully and impartially and to the best of my ability
demean myself in the discharge of my duties in the office
of ; so help me God.'"
You cannot fail to notice that, in this new oath,
framed by the bogus Legislature, the fugitive
slave law is elevated to a " higher law" than the
Constitution; for the officer is*merely to "sup-
port" the latter, but is required to swear that ne
will " support and sustain" the other.
Besides these seven palpable, flagrant, and
unconcealed violations of the organic law organ-
izing the Territory, I point you now to Jive equally
direct and open violations of the Constitution qf the
United States; for that instrument has been tram-
pled upon as recklessly as the laws of Congress.
First. The very first amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States prohibits the passage
of any law " abridging the freedom of speech; "
and it is a significant fact, as can be learned from
Hickey's Constitution, page 33, that this, with a
number of other amendments to the Constitution
which follow it, was submitted by Congress fo
| the various States in 1789, immediately after the
1 adoption of the Constitution itself, with the fol-
1 lowing preamble:
" The conventions of a number of States having, at the
time of their adopting the Constitution, expressed a desire,
, in order to prevent misconstruction or abuse of its power,
• that further declaratory and restrictive clauses should be
; added."
! Therefore the amendments that followed were
proposed.
Thus it is conclusively proven that the amend-
ment, prohibiting any abridgment of the freedom
of speech, was adopted to prevent." on. abuse
of potoer," which our forefathers feared might
be attempted by some degenerate descendants at
some later period of our history. But, though
they thus sought to preserve and protect free
speech, by constitutional provision, their pro-
phetic fears have been realized by the enactors of
the Kansas code. Its one hundred and fifty-first'
chapter, on pages 604 and 605, is entitled " An
act to punish offenses against slave property;"
and there is no decree of Austrian despot or
Russian Czar which is not merciful, in compari-
son with its provisions. Here, sir, in the very
teeth of the Constitution, is section twelve of that
chapter:
"If any free person, by speaking or by writing, assert or
maintain that persons have not the right to hold slaves in this
Territory, or shall introduce into this Territory, print, pub-
lish, write, circulate, or cause to be introduced into tliia
Territory, written, printed, published, or circulated in this
Territory, any book, paper, magazine, pamphlet, or circular,
containing any denial of the right of persons to hold slaves
in this Territory, such persons shall be deemed guilty of
felony, and punished by imprisonment at hard labor for a
term of not less than two years."
How many more than two years he shall be
punished is left to the tender mercy of Judge Le-
compte and the jury which " Sheriff Jones" will
select for their trial. The President of the United
States has sworn to support the Constitution;
but this, with the other " laws of Kansas," are
to be enforced by him, despite that Constitution,
with thearmyof the United States; and Mr. Buch-
anan is pledged by Judge Douglas to " the firm and
undivided execution of those laws." But, sir,
in a few short months the people, the free people
of the United States, will inaugurate an Adminis-
tration that will do justice to the oppressed set-
tlers of Kansas, that will restore to them tlieir
betrayed rights, will vindicate the Constitution,
and will place in the offices of trust of that ill-
fated Territory men who will overthrow the
" usurpation, give their official influence to free-
dom and the right, rather than to slavery and the
wrong, and.protect rather than oppress the citi-
zens whom they are called upon to govern and
to judge.
Second. The same constitutional amendment
prohibits the passage of any law " abridging the
freedom of the press;" and here, sir, in flagrant
violation of it, is the 11th section of the same
law in the Kansas code, page 605:
" If any person print, write, introduce into, publish, or
circulate, or cause to be brought into, printed, written, pub
lished, or circulated, or shall knowingly aid or assist in
bringing into, printing,-publishing, or circulating, within
this Territory, any bool;, paper, pamphlet, magazine, hand-
bill, or circular, containing any statements, arguments,
opinions,sentiment, doctrine, advice, or innuendo, calculated
to produce a disorderly, dangerous, or rebellious disaffection
among the slaves in this Territory, or to induce such slavesr
to escape from the service of their masters, or-to resist their
authority, he shall be guilty of felony, and be punished by
imprisonment and hard labor for a term not less than fine
years."
And, under this atrociously unconstitutional
provision, a man who " brought into" the Terri-
tory of Kansas a copy of " Jefferson's Notes on
Virginia," which contains an eloquent and free-
spoken condemnation of slavery, could be con-
victed by one of" Sheriff Jones's" juries as havr
ing introduced a "book," containing a "senti-
ment" " calculated" to make the slaves "disor-
derly," and sentenced to five years' hard labor.
Probably under this provision, as well as the
charge of high treason, George W". Brown, editor
of the Herald of Freedom, at Lawrence, has,
after his printingpress has been destroyed by the
order of Judge Lecompte's court, been himself
indicted, and is now imprisoned, awaiting trial—
kept, too, under such strict surveillance, far worse
than murderers are treated in a civilized country,
that even his mother and wife were not allowed
to visit him until he had humbly petitioned the
Governor for permission. And this upon the
soil of aTerritory which our forefathers, in 1820,
in this very Hall, dedicated, by solemn compact,
to " freedom forever."
Third. The sixth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States declares that, " In all
criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy
the right to a speedy and public trial, by an im-
partial jury." It is significant that, in the Con-
stitution itself, it had been provided, (article 3,
section 2,) that " the trial of all crimes, except in
cases of impeachment, shall be by jury." But,
to prevent "abuse of power," this, with other
amendments, were adopted, declaring that the
trial shall be by an impartial jury. I have already
shown you how impartially they are to be selected
by sheriffs who go about and imitate, in their
conduct towards free-State men, the example of
Saul of Tarsus in his persecution of the early
Christians, (Acts, chapter 8, verse 3, " entering
into every house, and seizing men and women,
committed them to prison;") and I have quoted
you a section, showing how impartially they are
to be constituted, with men on one side only; but
in this very chapter, the concluding provision,
section thirteen, (page 606,) repeats this gross
violation of the national Constitution, as follows:
" Ifo person who tt conscientiously opposed to holding
slaves, or who dots not admit the rigU to noli llaves in this
