654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
tage and resisting1 every preliminary minutiae of
legislation. I trust this habit, which has lately
arisen, will be abandoned; and when any ques-
tion arises on which parties desire to be heard,
that it may be debated not on preliminary mo-
tions, but on the general issues which present
themselves, and when all parties may have a fair
opportunity to be heard.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I myself
did not know that this question would come up
this morning. It arose on a report from a com-
mittee. I had no knowledge that they would
make the report, and, of course, could not notify
anybody in reference to it.
I desire to inquire whether it would not be in
order to make the subject now under consider-
ation the special order of the day for next Mon-
day, and let it be disposed of then ? I am entirely
willing that the gentleman from California should
have the bill in which he feels an interest taken
up. If he will consent, I will move that the sub-
ject now under consideration be made the special
order for Monday, and then his bill can be taken
up and disposed of to-day.
Mr. WELLER. I could have no objection to
what the Senator proposes, but I believe there is
a special order already assigned for Monday—
the river and harbor bills.
Mr. STUART. I have given notice that, by
"the instruction of the Committee on Commerce,
I should ask the Senate on Monday to proceed
to the consideration of the river and harbor im-
provement bills reported ft-om that committee. I
shall feel it my duty at that time to insist 011 pro-
ceeding with those bills.
Mr. WELLER. I felt it my duty, as chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, charged
with the three million bill, to move for the action
of the Senate on it at one o'clock to-day. It lias
already boon under consideration several days,
and has interfered with one or two special assign-
ments for particular days which have been made.
I was unwilling to interfere with other Senators;
and in order to avoid being placed in that position
I desired to obtain early action 011 this particular
bill. I will say to the Senator from Illinois, that
if any political friend or associate of mine had
been 011 the floor at the time whim I interposed, I
should undoubtedly have called for the order of
the day, precisely as I have done, without refer-
ence to tlio subject under discussion.
Now, Mr. President, as there seems to be a
disposition on the part of the Senate that this
debate should go 011, I do not feci disposed to
interfere. If the rule be such as is laid down by
ray friend from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] you attain
nothing by making a subject the special order for
any day, because, if a Senator should obtain the
floor during the morning hour, he could go 011 and
debate for six weeks if he chose. I cannot agree
to that construction which is given to the rule by
the Senator from Texas. My construction is,
that, by the rule of the Senate, when you linve
made a subject the special order for a particular
hour, it is out of order to speak on any other
subject when that hour arrives. Therefore, I did
not intend to get the floor from the Senator from
Illinois for the purpose of depriving him of the
privilege of speaking. I rose to a point of order,
as I thought, which was, that he was speaking
against the order of the Senate, the hour of one
o'clock having arrived. That was the view in
which I intended to present the question. How-
ever, as there is a disposition to have an abstract
question discussed instead of proceeding to the
regular order of the day, I shall withdraw my
motion, and the Senator may go 011 ad libitum.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not rise for
the purpose of making any extended remarks; I
merely wish to state my understanding of the
rule. As the matter of difficulty has been satis-
factorily arranged, I can say it without being
liable to exception. I think the Senator from
Texas is mistaken in his construction of the rules
of proceeding in the Senate. When the hour for
the consideration of the special order has ar-
rived, any Senator may make a motion to take
Up; m fact I am inclined to believe that the Pres-
ident of the Senate has the power, and that it is
perhaps his duty, to call for the special order,
when the hour arrives for which it has been
fixed.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would remark
that it has been the practice of the presiding
officer to call for the special order when the hour
has arrived which was fixed for its considera-
tion.
Mr. WELLER. I hope that will be distinctly
understood, in consequence of the remark made
by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] who has declared to-day that this is an
unusual and unprecedented thing, and that we on
this side of the Chamber, because a political
friend of his had the floor, desired to adopt some
extraordinary mode of getting rid of the subject
on which lie was speaking. The Chair has al-
ready informed the Senate that there is nothing
more common than to call for the special order
of the day (no matter who may be on the floor)
when the hour fixed for its consideration arrives.
Mr. SEWARD. It is perhaps proper that I
should say, that having been here six years I have
seen the practice both ways, and generally with-
out mucn concern on the part of the Senate. The
Senator from California is right in saying that
Senators have been arrested in their remarks by
being notified that the time for the special order
had arrived. It is undoubtedly the right of any
Senator in the body to insist on proceeding with
the special order at the proper time.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair desires to re-
mark, in consequence of the debate which has
taken placc to-day, that hereafter, when special
orders have been made, and the hour fixed for the
consideration arrives, he will call for them, unless
otherwise directed by the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. That is right.
Mr. HUNTER. Such undoubtedly is the rule.
Mr. TOUCEY. After what has been said, 1
wish to say that, both in the other branch of Con-
gress and in this, the practice, according to my
observation, lias been for the presiding officer to
call for the special order, although the floor may
be occupied, because it is the duty of the presiding
officer to enforce the orders of the body.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The explanations of gen-
tlemen having been concluded, I will proceed
with my remarks 011 the subject before the Sen-
ate.
Mr. T. continued his remarks until twenty
minutes past three o'clock, when
Mr. WADE rose and said: If the Senator
will give way, I will move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust not. The courtesies
of the Senate have been violated by taking ad-
vantage of my known absence to make this
assault on me. 1 hope there will be no adjourn-
ment until I can have the opportunity of saying
a very few words in reply.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will proceed; but I de-
sire at once to reply to the remark made by my
colleague, and to say to him that the courtesies
of the Senate have not been taken advantage of
in his known absence. I knew not whether he
was absent or present. I knew not that this
question would come up to-day. It was brought
up on a report from the Committee on Printing.
It was not called up by me. I have not spoken
on it because the gentleman was absent. 1 have
assailed his report. 1 have not assailed my col-
li league. There is a very material difference
between attacking the positions of an official docu-
ment and attacking an individual. The document
was brought before the Senate without my instru-
mentality, without my knowledge; but when it
did come up, and was about to pass from the
consideration of the Senate, I thought it proper
to allude to it, although I had not time to examine
it as carefully as I should have wished. I saw it
only last night; but rather than allow the oppor-
tunity to escape, not knowing when again the
subject might be brought to the consideration of
the Senate, 1 concluded to state at once my views
upon it.
Mr. T. then resumed his argument, and con-
tinued and concluded his speech; which will be
published in the Appendix.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I was very
I much surprised when it was communicated tome
' this afternoon that my colleague was making a
speech on the Kansas question, in which he was
arraigning my own conduct and the statements
and principles set forth m the report which I had
the honor to submit to the Senate two days since
from the Committee on Territories, The Senate
will remember that when that report was sub-
mitted, a very brief discussion arose, in the course
of which the gentleman from Michigan [Mr
Stuart] suggested that we should at once allow
the vote to be taken on printing it, and postpone
the discussion of its merits until the bills which
the committee were to present to the Senate on
Monday should come up for action. He asked
the consent of the Senate to that course of pro-
ceeding; and immediately on his doing so, the
report in the Globe adds that I rose and said, "I
agree with the Senator from Michigan." No
one objected to this course; and I undertake to
say, therefore, that on Wednesday last it was
understood by the Senate that the discussion of
this report should be postponed until next week,
when the questions involved in it will properly
come up on the bills to be reported by the com-
mittee._ The feeble state of my own health,
which is well known to the Senate, rendered it
imprudent for me to be in the Senate Chamber
to-day, and I stayed away for that reason. I never
dreamed that any man in this body would so far
forget the courtesies of life, and the well known
usages of the Senate, as to make an assault in my
absence in violation of the distinct understanding
of the body when the subject was postponed.
My colleague says that he did not know that I
was not here. Now, I am informed that my friend
from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] when the morning hour
expired, suggested, among other reasons for a
postponement, that I was absent. There was not
a man in the Senate who did not know that I was
not present. There was not a man in the gallery
who did not know that I was absent. The Sen-
ator from Texas told my colleague that I was
absent and, therefore, according to the courtesies
of the Senate, his speech should have been post-
poned. In the face of a fact known to every man
present, my colleague now dares to say that he
did not know I was absent.
Sir, I believe in fair and free discussion. What-
ever speeches I may have to make in reference to
my colleague or his political position, or in refer-
ence to other Senators, will be made to their faces.
I do not wish to avoid the responsibility of a
reply to the points that shall be made. I will not
attempt to reply to my colleague upon hearsay,
having been absent, from the causes which I have
stated, during the delivery of the greater portion of
his speech. I desire, however, to ask him, with a
view to fix the time for the discussion of the subject,
at what period of time I may reasonably look for
his printed speech ? I desire to reply to its state-
ments, and I ask the question with a view to have
the subject postponed until the time which he
may name.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think my remarks will
be published on Monday, though perhaps not in
time to be read before the Senate meets on that
day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If I can rely on seeing the
speech published in the Globe on Monday, 1 will
reply to it on Tuesday; and I shall ask the Senate
to accord to me that courtesy. I propose to reply
on the next day after its publication.
Mr. SEWARD and Mr. TRUMBULL. Take
your own time.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Sir, I understand this game
of taking my own time. Last year, when the
Nebraska bill was under consideration, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] asked of
me the courtesy to have it postponed for a week,
until he could examine the question. I afterwards
discovered that, previous to that time, he had
written an exposition of the bill—a libel upon me—
and sent it off under his own frank; and the post-
ponement thus obtained by my courtesy was in
order to take a week to circulate the libel. I do
not choose to take my own time in that way
again. I wish to meet these misrepresentations
at the threshold. If I am right, give me an oppor-
tunity to show it. If my colleague is right, I
desire to give him the fullest and fairest opportu-
nity to show it.
I desire now to say a word upon another point.
I understand that my colleague has told the Sen-
ate, as being a matter very material to this issue,
that he comes here as a Democrat, having always
been a Democrat. Sir, that fact will be news to
the Democracy of Illinois. I undertake to assert
there is not a Democrat in Illinois who will not
say that such a statement is a libel upon the De-
mocracy of that State. I undertake to say that
there is not a man here 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I call the gentleman to
