1380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
unanimously understood, that we could have, as
the honorable Senator from South Carolina says,
but one President pro tempore of the Senate at one
time; and I quite agree with him that the great in-
terests of the peace and good order of the country
require that our record should show that we have
such a Presiding Officer; and we can make no elec-
tion which will not give that officer the same trust
which was held by the late President pro tempore9
who is absent.
Mr, THOMPSON, of Kentucky. But if the
President of the United States were to die, who
would be President temporarily ?
Mr. BUTLER. The present occupant of the
chair.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable member of
the Senate who occupies the chair I think. The
present incumbent was elected yesterday in my
absence. He was elected to be a president of
some kind. He was not elected to be President
pro tempore of a temporary President of the Sen-
ate; but he was elected as a President pro tempore
of the Senate. I think the record is right, and
•ought to remain as it is.
Sir. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I presume
the effect will be just as the gentleman states, if
the entry on the Journal remains as it is; but I
thought that, perhaps, it had been made inadvert-
ently.
Mr. BROWN. Is there any proposition before
the Senate in regard to the correction of the
Journal ?
The PRESIDENT pro temporeThe Chair
has heard none.
Mr. BROWN. Then, I suppose, we have no
question before us.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I merely
called the attention of the Senate to the matter.
I- make no motion in regard to it.
The Journal was approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. ADAMS presented twelve petitions of
citizens of Texas, praying for the establishment
of the following mail routes: from Coffeeville to
dtiitman; from Linwood to Sumpter; from Jas-
per to Linwood; from Nacogdoches to Carthage;
from Paris to Farrant; from Henderson to Pales-
tine; from Crockett to Nacogdoches; from Wheel-
ock to Springfield; and from Springfield to Birds-
ville, in die State of Texas; which were referred
to the Comixjittee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. TOOT presented the petition of EHas Hall,
praying for compensation for services as super-
intendent of the repair of small-arms during the
war of 1812, on the northern frontier; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. GEYER presented the petition of Jason
Harrison, clerk of the district court of the United
States, for the district of Missouri, praying for
the reimbursement of money paid by him for
office rent; which was referred to the (Sommittee
on the Judiciary.
BRITISH BARK RESOLUTE.
Mr. FOSTER. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue a register to the British-built bark
Resolute, found derelict near Cumberland Inlet, in the Arc-
tie ocean, by t lie officers and crew of the American whaling
ship George Henry, of New London, Connecticut, and by
said salvors brought into the port of New London, wlieie
she is now lying—all claim to paid vessel by the British
Government having been relinquished to the salvois.
I wish to say a word in regard to this resolu-
tion, as I shall ask the Senate to consider it now,
it being merely a resolution ®f inquiry. It prob-
ably may have passed under the observation of
Senators that this bark, which was oneof asquad-
ron sent_ out by the English Government in the
year 1852, if i remember rightly, to the Arctic
ocean in search of Sir John franklin, was aban-
doned by the officers and crew belonging to her
in Wellington Inlet, having there gotimbedded in
the ice m the year 1853. The officers and crew
returned in one of the other ships of the squadron,
and left this vessel in that condition. During the
past season, the American whaling ship George
i-Ienry, of New London, Connecticut, ona whal-
ing voyage to the Arctic seas, near Cumberland
Inlet, discovered this British vessel. She was then
imbedded in the ice, had been abandoned more
tfcan eighteen months, and had drifted from the
jflaeo where she had been abandoned about one
thousand miles. The captain of the American ship
divided his crew, leaving a portion on board his
own ship, which was placed in the charge of his
chief mate. Hetooktenofhismen,wenton board
this bark, and worked her into the harbor of New
London, where she arrived in the month of De-
cember last, and where she has since remained.
The British Government having been commu-
nicated with in regard to this transacti5n, after
some inquiries made by them through their Min-
ister here on the subject, relinquished the vessel
to the salvors, and she is now in the harbor of
New London, in that state and condition.
The object of the resolution is, that the Com-
mittee on Commerce may inquire into the expe-
diency of issuing a register for this bark, so that
she may be registered as an American vessel. I
presume there can be no objection, under the cir-
cumstances , to the con sideration of the resolution,
and to the granting the request specified by it.
I may be permitted to add, Mr. President, that
I feel some little pride in the fact that a ship,
abandoned by the officers and crew attached to
her, belonging to the Royal Navy of England, has
been discovered and brought safely into port by
American sailors, and by Connecticut sailors. I
feel some national pride and some State pride on
the subject—both, I hope, laudable under the cir-
cumstances. And, sir, with your permission, if
the Senate will grant me the indulgence, I wish
to read a passage from a speech of Mr. Burke,
made in the House of Commons more than eighty
years ago, in connection with this very matter,
which the present occasion suggests:
" As to the wealth which the colonics liave drawn from
the sea by their fisheries, you had all that matter fully
opened at your bar. You surely thought those acquisitions
of value, lor they seemed even to excite your envy; and
yet the spirit by which that enterprising employment has?
been exercised, ought rather, in my opinion, to have raised
your esteem and admiration. And pray, &ir, what m the
world is* equal to it? Pass by the othci pints, and look at
the manner m which the people of New England have of
late carried on the whale fisheiy. Whilst we follow them
among the tumbling mountains of ice, ami behold them
penetrating into the deepest frozen xoeesses of Hudson's
Bay, and Davis's Smuts, wlnlht we aie looking for them
beneath the Arctic Circle, we hear that they have pierced
into the opposite region of polar cold, that they aie at the
antipodes, and engaged under the tiozen serpent of the
South. Falkland Kiand, which seemed too remote and ro-
mantic an object foi the gia.sp of national ambition, is but
a fctage and resting place in tJn> progress of their vietonous
industry. Nor is the equinoctial heat moie discouraging to
tliem, than the accumulated winter ot both the poles. We
know that, whilst some of them draw the line and strike
the haipoon on the coast of Africa, others tun the longi-
tude and pursue their gigantic game along the coast of
Brazil. No sen but what vexed by their fisheiies—no
climate that is not witness to their toils. Neither the per-
severance of Holland, nor the activity of France, nor the
dexteious and fnm sagacity of English enterprise, ever car-
ried th w most perilous mode of hai d industry to the extent to
which it has been pushed by this recent people—a people
who are still, as it were, hut in the gristle, and not yet hard-
ened into the bone of manhood. When I contemplate
these things, when I know that the colonies, in general, owe
little or nothing to any care of ours, and that they are not
squeezed into this happy foim by the constraints of a watch-
ful and suspicious Government; but that, through a wise and
salutary neglect, ageneious nature has been sulfhred to
take her own way to peifection;—when I reflect upon these
effects—when I s.ee how profitable they have been to us, I
feel all the pnde of power smk, and all presumption in the
wisdom of human contrivances melt, and die away withm
me. My rigor relents. 1 pardon something to the spirit of
liberty."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution
now.
Mr. MASON. I do not mean to object to any
disposition which the honorable Senator from
Connecticut proposes to make of this subject.; but
I wish to inquire of him, if he can give the in-
formation, whether this vessel has elianged own-
ers since she was brought in by the salvors?
Mr. FOSTER. She has not. I am advised
that nothing has been done. She is considered,
I suppose, having been captured by a whale ship,
as being legally the " catching" of the voyage,
and belonging to the owners, the captain, officers,
and crew, just like any other products of the
voyage, ana to be disposed of in the same way.
The technical term is " catching," I believe. That
I suppose—indeed I know—to be the condition of
the vessel.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I saw, as did
the whole American people, the fact announced
of the recovery of this vessel, and her being
brought successfully, and after much danger and
peril, within our own waters. It occurred to me
at the time, and I have been more strongly im-
pressed with it in thinking over the subject since,
that the proper disposition of that vessel would
be for the Government of the United States to
purchase her and refit her in a proper manner,
and send her back to England. She was the
property of the English Government, and was
one of their public ships, abandoned on an enter-
prise of discovery in which we have largely par-
ticipated with them—abandoned from necessity,
and accidentally recovered by one of our mer-
chant ships.
I had thought that that high national courtesy
which I am gratified to say marks our country
certainly with as much distinction as any other
in the great family of nations—that national cour-
tesy which does more to preserve the peace of
the world even than armed ships themselves—
would suggest that, on a suitable occasion, this
ship should becomc the property of the Govern-
ment, if it can be done on fair and equitable terms,
and should be sent back to England in the name
of the American people. I would suggest, there-
fore, to the honorable Senator from Connecticut,
learning that she has not changed hands, that,
unless there be some immediate occasion for this
resolution, it would be as well, perhaps, to let it
lie over until we can confer on the subject.
Mr. FOSTER. I am exceedingly gratified at
the suggestion of the honorable Senator from
Virginia. The same course of proceeding oc-
curred to myself months ago, and I then made
some inquiries of certain gentlemen in the Senate
older, more experienced, and more influential
than myself, in regard to the probability of such
a project as that being entertained favorably in
this or the other House of Congress. I was not
encouraged, as I am now by the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia—I was discouraged. From
the inquiries which I made, I feared that any such
effort on my part as that suggested (with so much
liberality, and I must say with so great pro-
priety) ty the honorable Senator from Virginia,
would not be likely to receive the sanction of a
majority of this body. It seemed to me that it
would be exceedingly unadvised to bring forward
such a proposition, and have it fail. It would
certainly be a mark of great discourtesy to a
foreign Power if such a project as that should be
named and voted down. For fear this would be
the result, I did not bring forward the measure;
but coming as it does from the source from which
it emanates, it seems to me we may now hope
that there will be no difficulty, so far as this body
is concerned, but that that measure will be enter-
tained and favorably considered here.
I can assure the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, and the Senate, that the persons concerned
in this vessel—from those who have the largest
to those who have the smallest interest, down to
the cabin boy on board—will, one and all, join
heartily and cordially in disposing of it at a very
low price to the Government, in order that this
project may be carried out.
I will now, with the leave of the Senate, with-
draw the resolution, trusting and believing that
the Senator from Virginia will take such steps in
this matter as shall result in doing what I, for
one, should be so gratified to do, and what I know
those whom I represent are exceedingly anxious
to have done. They will make almost any sac-
rifice on the vessel for the sake of doing this just,
courteous, and proper act, so properly suggested
by the honorable Senator from Virginia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be withdrawn if there be no objection.
Mr. MASON. I wish to say to the honorable
Senator from Connecticut, that I have consulted
with nobody, and am not at all aware of what
the disposition or feeling of the Senate and House
of Representatives maybe on the subject. I con-
fess that, in my own judgment, I have been
strongly impressed with thy propriety of the step
which I have suggested, although I agree with
the Senator that it would be an unfortunate sug-
gestion if it should meet with disfavor—far more
if if should not have the vote of the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. The gentlemen with whom I
conversed on the subject, one and all expressed
t their entire willingness to vote for such a propo-
I sition themselves, but feared that others would
vote differently. I did not meet discouragement
so far as the action of those with whom 1 con-
ferred was concerned, but the fear was as to what
others might d&.
