1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
645
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Laws of Kansas—Mr. Colfax.
Ho. op Reps.
Territory, shall tit as a i«ror on the trial of any prosecution
for any violation of any of the sections of this act."
Here, sir, in these instances which I have
quoted, stand the Constitution of the United
States on the one side, and the Kansas code on
the other, in direct and open conflict—the one
declaring that the freedom of speech shall not be
abridged, that the freedom of the press shall be
protected, that juries, above all things else, shall
be entirely impartial; the other trampling all
these safeguards under foot. And because a
majority of the Bettlers there, driven from the
poils by armed mobs, legislated over by a mob
m whose election they had no agency, choose to
stand by and maintain their rights under the Con-
stitution, you have seen how anarchy and vio-
lence, how outrage and persecution have been run-
ning riot in that Territory, far exceeding in their
tyranny and oppression the wrongs for which our
revolutionary forefathers rose against the masters
who oppressed them; and yet, though the protec-
tion they have had from the General Government
has been only the same kind of protection which
the wolf gives to the lamb, they have, while repu-
diating the territorial sheriffs, bowed in submis-
sion to writs in the hands of the United States
marshal, or when the soldiers of the United
States, yielding to orders which they do not deem
it dishonorable for them to despise, assist in their
execution. Such forbearance—such manifesta-
tions of their allegiance to the national authority
—become the more wonderful when it is appa-
rent as the noonday sun that every attempt nas
been made to harass them into resistance to the
authority of the United States, so as to furnish a
pretext, doubtless, for their indiscriminate impris-
onment, expulsion, or massaCre.
Fourth. The Constitution also prohibits cruel
and unusual punishments. I shall show, before
I close, that this so-called Kansas Legislature
has prescribed most cruel and unusual punish-
ments, unwarranted by the character of the of-
fenses punished, and totally disproportioned to
their criminality.
Fifth. The Constitution declares (article 1,
section 9 J that«' the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus snail not be suspended, unless, when in
cases of rebellion or invasion, the public safety
may require it." But the Kansas code, in its
chapter of habeas corpus, (article 3, section 8, page
345,) enacts as follows:
" No negro or mulatto, held as a slave within this Terri-
tory, or lawfully arrested as a fugitive from service from
another State or Territory, shall be discharged, nor shall
his right offreedom be had under the provisions of this act."
This provision, suspending the writ of habeas
corpus in the above cases, is not only a violation
of the Constitution, but also of the organic law;
for that provided, in section 28, for appeals to the
Supreme Court of the United States on writs of
habeas corpus, in cases involving the right of
freedom, the issuing of which this territorial
law expressly prohibits. The language of the
Nebraska-Kansas act is as follows:
" Except also that a writ of error or appeal shall also be
allowed to the Supreme Court of the United States, from the
decision of the said supreme court, created by this act, or
of any judge thereof, or of the district courts created by
this act, or of any judge thereof, upon any writ of habeas
corpus, involving the question of personal freedom."
But the Kansas Legislature coolly set aside the
law of the United States, by which alone their
territorial organization was brought into exist-
ence, and effectually prohibited any appeal to the ;
Supreme Court " upon any writ of -habeas corpus,
involving the question of personal freedom,"
by declaring that the writ shall not be used in the
Territory for any such purpose!
Having now referred to a few of the many acts j
embraced in this code, which conflict with the
Constitution or the organic law, I proceed to the
examination of other provisions, some of which
stamp it as a code of barbarity, as well as of tyr-
anny—of inhumanity as well as of oppression.
And first to " the imprisonment at hard labor,"
which is made the punishment for " offenses
against the slave property,"in the sections which
1 have already quoted. The general understand-
ing of the people at large has been that, as there i
was no State's prison yet erected in Kansas, this
imprisonment would be in some Missouri prisons
near the frontier. But, sir, such is not the case.
The authors of these disgraceful and outrageou*
enactments, with a refinement of cruelty, pro-
vided that the " hard labor" should be in another
way; and that way will be found in chapter 22,
entitled " an act providing a system of confinement
and hard labor, section 2 of which (page 147)
reads as follows:
" Every person who may be sentenced by any court of
competent jurisdiction, under any law in force within this
Territory, to punishment by confinement and liaid labor,
shall be deemed a convict, and shall immediately, under the
charge of the keeper of such jail or public prison, or under
the charge of such person as the keeper of such jail or
public prison may select, be put to hard labor, as in the
first section of this act specified, fto wit, "on the streets,
roads, public buildings, or other public works of the Terri-
tory"—Sec. 1, page 146:] and such keeper or other person,
having charge of such convict, shall cause such convict,
while engaged at such labor, to be securely confined by a
chain six feet in length, of not less than four-sixteenths
nor more than three eighths of an inch links, with a round
ball or iron, of not less than four nor more than six
inches in diameter, attached, which chain shall be securely
.fastened to the ankle of such convict with a strong lock
and key; and such keeper or other person having charge of
such convict may, if necessary, confine such convict while so
engaged at hard labor, by pther chains, or othermeans, in his
discretion, so as to keep such conviet secure and prevent his
escape; and when there shall be two or more convicts under
the charge of such keeper, or other person, such convicts
shall be fastened together by strong chains, with strong
locks and keys, during the time such convicts shall be en-
gaged in hard labor without the walls of any jail or prison."
And this penalty, revolting, humiliating, de-
basing as it, subjecting a free American citizen to
the public sneers and contumely of his oppress-
ors, far worse than within the prison walls where
the degradation of the punishment is relieved by
its privacy, is to be borne from two to five long
years by the men of Indiana and Ohio, of New
England and New York, of Pennsylvania, and
the far West, who dare in Kansas to declare by
speech, or in print, or to introduce therein a hand-
bill or paper, which declares that " persons have
not the right to hold slaves in this Territory."
The chain and ball are to be attached to the ankle
of each, and they are to drag out their long
penalty for exercising their God-given and con-
stitutionally-protected freedom of speech, man-
j acled together in couples, and working, in the
j public gaze, under task-masters, to whom Alge-
rine slaveholders would be preferable.
Sir, as this is one of the laws which the Dem-
ocratic party, by its platform, has resolved to
enforce, and which the President of the United
States intends to execute, if needs be, with the
whole armed force of the United States, I have
procured a specimen of the size of the iron ball,
which is to be used in that Territory under this
enactment, and only regret that I cannot exhibit
also the iron chain, six feet in length, which is to
be dragged with it, through the hot summer
months, and the cold wintry snows, by the free-
State " convicts" in Kansas. [Here Mr. C. ex-
hibited a large and heavy iron ball, six inches in
I diameter, and eighteen inches in circumference.]
1 Mr.Chairman, if the great men who have passed
| away to the spirit-land could stir themselves in
their graves, and, coming back to life and action,
should utter on the prairies of Kansas the senti-
ments declared by tnem in the past, how would
they be amazed at the penalties that would await
them on every side, for the utterance of their
honest convictions _ on slavery. Said Washing-
ton to John F. Mercer, in 1786: I
"I never mean, unless some particular circumstance
should compel me to it, to possess another slave by pur- ,
chase, it being among my Jlmt wishes to see some plan
adopted by which slavery in this country may be abolished by
law." j
Said Jefferson, in his Notes on Virginia:
" The whole commerce between master and slave is a con-
tinual exercise of the most unremitting despotism on the one
part, and degrading submission ou the other." * *
* * « vVitli what execration should the statesman be
loaded, who, permitting one half of the citizens thus to
trample on the rights of the other, transforms those into |
despots, and these into enemies, destroys the morals of the
one part, and the amor patria of the other ! Can the liber- 1
ties of a nation be thought secure, when we have removed
their only firm basis—a conviction in the minds of the people j
that these liberties are the gift of God ? That they are not i
violated but by his wrath? Indeed, I tremble for my
country when I reflect that god is jdst, and his
justice cannot sleep forever."
Surely such language, in the eyes of a pro-
slavery jury, would be considered as " calcu-
lated ' to render slaves/' disorderly.'' And surely,
in the language of the President and his party,
"the law must be enforced." Come, then,
" Sheriff Jones," with your chain and ball for
each of these founders of the Republic, and man-
acled together let them, as they pursue their daily
work, chant praises to " the great principle for
which our revolutionary fathers fought," and of
which the defenders of the Nebraska bill told us
that law was the great embodiment.
Said Mr. Webster in his Marshfield speech in
i 1848:
" i feel that there is nothing unjust, nothing of which
: any honest man can complain, if he is intelligent, and 1 feel
that there is nothing of which the civilized world, if they
take notice of so bumble an individual as myself, will re-
proach me, when i say, as I said the other day, that I have
made up my mind, for one, that under no circumstance will
I consent to the extension of the area of slavery in the Uni-
\ ted States, or to the further increase of slave representation
in the House of Representatives."
And again in 1850:
" Sir, wherever there is a particular good to be done—
wherever there is afoot of land to be staid backfrom becom-
ing slave territory—I am ready to assert the principle of the
exclusion of slavery
Said the noble old statesman of Kentucky,
Henry Clay, in 1850:
" I have said that I never could vote for it myself; and
I repeat, that I never can, and never will vote, and no
earthly power ever will make me vote, to spread slavery
over territory where it does not exist."
Surely this too conflicts with the law of Kan-
sas . Hurry them, Judge Lecompte, to the chain-
gang; and as they commence their years of dis-
graceful and degrading punishment, forget not to
read them from the Nebraska bill that " its true
intent and meaning" is " to leave the people
thereof perfectly free (not only free, but per-
fectly free) to form and regulate their domestic
institutions in their own way, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States."
There is another, portion of this act to which
I wish to call special attention. It is the succeed-
ing section to the above, (sec. 3, page 147:)
" Whenever any convict shall be employed at labor for any
incorporate town or city, or any county, such town, city, or
county, shall pay into the territorial treasury the sum of fifty
cents for each convict, for every day such convict shall be
engaged at such labor; and whenever such convict shall be
employed upon private hiring at labor, it shall be at such
price eaoh, per day, as may be agreed upon with such keeper
or other person having charge of such; and the proceeds
of said labor shall be collected by such keeper and put into
the territorial treasury."
Not content with the degradation of the chain-
gang, a system of white slavery is to be intro-
duced by " private hiring;" and the " convicts,"
sentenced for the exercise of the freedom of
speech and of the press, are to be hired out during
their servitude, if their " keeper" sees fit, to the
heartless men who this day are hunting them
from their homes, and burning their dwellings over
their heads. But " the laws are to be executed;"
and though they are the offspring of the most
gigantic fraud ever perpetrated upon a free people,
if there is no change in the policy of the Govern-
ment, and if the party which controls its action
is not hurled from power, we shall, doubtless,
next year see Governor Robinson (if not previ-
ously executed for treason) with the iron chain
and ball to his ankle, hired from the convict-
keeper by Governor Shannon to do his menial
service; or to be punished, if he disobeys his mas-
ter's orders, like a southern slave. And Judge
Lecompte would have the privilege, too, and
i would, doubtless, exercise it, of having Judge
j "Wakefield as his hired serf, dragging, for two or
: five years to come, his chain and ball after him
; as he entered his master's presence, or obeyed
| his master's command. And Marshal Donaldson,
with "Sheriff Jones," and Stringfellow, would
not certainly be behind their superiors in the
I retinue of free-State slaves whom they could sat-
! isfy their revenge upon by hiring as their menials
j from the keeper of the Kansas convicts,
i There are many things in this code of which J
desire to speak, but which I will not have time to
allude to, as my hour is rapidly passing away,
and I must hasten on. It is worthy of notice in
passing, that, in no place in this code, is slavery
expressly established in the Territory. Instead
of leaving the people of the Territory " perfectly
free to form tneir own institutions," slavery is
taken to be an institution already existing, as if
it were already established by tne Congress of
the United States. In this initial legislation of the
Territory, it is treated as a heretofore recognized
and permanent "institution." Thus, by page
60, slaves art to be appraised like other property
