1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imi
Mr. MASON. If the Senator wiH withdraw
the resolution I will confer with him further on
the subject.
Mr. FOSTER. I withdraw it.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I rise, Mr. President,
for the purpose of presenting to the Senate a res-
olution in relation to a subject that has long
engaged our attention, and upon which, before
presenting it, I desire to offer a very few remarks.
The resolution which I now submit to the Senate
proposes to request the President of the United
States, in view of the difficulties existing in Kan-
sas, and of the probable employment of military
forces for the restoration of peace and harmony
there, to employ the services of General Scot.t in
the conduct of those forces. I think his high
station and character in the country will enable
him to do, perhaps, more than any one else can
do to effect the great object which all of us have
in view—the restoration of peace and order.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that the Senate
of the United States have but very seldom had
under their consideration a subject of more im-
portance than the affairs of Kansas at the present
time. The spectacle which exists there is almost
enough to make us ashamed of our country.
Here, in this land of self-government, as we call
it, in a portion of our territory that belongs to
the people of the United States, peculiarly under
our full control and sovereignty, a state of things
exists which, if it may not be called civil war,
approaches it in an almost undistinguishable
degree. It not only exists, but it has prevailed
there during the session of Congress, now for
nearly six months, and not one effective step has
been taken by us to remedy this great and dis-
graceful evil—an evil which has been growing
day by day, in consequence of our inaction—
which has spread wider and wider, creating pre-
judices and inflammation more and more extended
every day, until it has not only subverted the
peace and the quiet 6f Kansas, but threaten!?the
peace of the whole country. In this state of
things, we have sat l#re in cold debate; no remedy
has yet been devised. Of debate we have had
enough, but it has not been of the kind calculated
to contribute to an impartial judgment, or to the
furnishing, by the whole authority of the Senate
and of this Government, an adequate remedy for
the existing evil. Our discussions on this subject,
I fear, hava been rather of a character to irritate
and provoke, to criminate and recriminate, than
to lead to those calm, and just, and impartial con-
clusions which it belongs to us, as judges and
legislators appointed by thegreat sovereign people
of the United States, to form in this matter.
The subject is one full of responsibility for us.
We are the unquestioned rulers of the Territory
of Kansas. We can throw off the great blame
on no State government. "We can throw off the
blame nowhere. It is upon us. We are re-
sponsible; and if ever any subject addressed itself
to the feelings, to the pride, and to the duty of an
American Senate, the state of affairs in Kansas
does. It concerns the whole nation. This whole
nation is pulsating; and every telegraphic dis-
patch that comes from there brings an account of
assassinations, and murders, and conflicts which
almost amount to battles. All of us, I am sure—
I not more than any honorable Scnator to whom
I address myself—feel that this is a weighty and
all-important subject, and that it behooves us to
act upon it, to act at once, to act with energy,
and to act in a proper manner, like impartial ar-
biters—like just men and just judges of the great
subject which the laws and the Constitution of
our country have given us in charge.
Sir, the resolution which I have the honor to
propose contributes something — but little, I
know — towards effecting the desirable object
which we all must have in view. It is not all
that, according to my view, is necessary for the
pacification of Kansas, and the permanent and
proper settlement of the controversies which have
grown up there. I shall not attempt to go over
the history of those unhappy controversies. _ I
shall not undertake to measure the wrong which
has been done on the one side and on the other
side. That would be a vain labor. It would be
worse than a vain labor. It would be calculated
to irritate and excite feelings on the one side or
the other, which I desire to allay. I wish to see
us pursue such a course on this subject as shall
not only give peace to Kansas, but shall carry a
healing throughout this great nation from one
end of it to the other, North and South, and put
an end to the unfriendly feelings and prejudices
which have been excited far and wide. I wish
to see a broad, and general, and fraternal peace
among all my fellow-citizens of the United States
North and South. This surely is the ambition
of all of us.
It is in vain to look back. We have no judi-
cial power to judge of crimes or to punish male-
factors or criminals. That is not our province.
Whether this man or that man committed a
murder; who began these evils or these aggres-
sions; what was the source of them; what the
comparative merit of the one party or the other,
in its various and bloody progress—to go into
these questions would be to excite useless in-
quiry. We know what the rcsulthas been. We
know that such a state of things exists; and as
legislators, it is our duty, and our only business,
to remedy the existing evil, leaving to the proper
tribunals whatever criminal jurisdiction it may
be proper for them to exercise over individuals
who have committed crimes.
We know the state of tilings which exists in
Kansas. We know that it borders on civil war,
and that it is every day more and more aggra-
vated by additional aggressions and additional
wrongs on the one side or the other. It is not
worth while here to inquire on which side is the
greatest amount of evil or of crime. We know,
as I say, the state of things which exists m Kan-
sas. Is there a remedy? Is it an evil beyond
our control ? Is the mighty arm of the people of
the United States paralyzed ? Is their strength
inadequate to the task now sot before them?
Have they no power to assert the majesty of their
own laws? — no power to do justice, in despite
of conflicting parties ? Are they impotent ? Then
let them throw aside the scepter: let them no
longer wear a crown which only deludes when
itpromises protection—which only deceives when
it promises government, and gives up a country
to anarchy and confusion.
We have the power, and we have the responsi-
bility also. We cannot evade it; we cannot shun
it. We then ought to take whatever means are
in our power to suppress and put an end at once
to this anarchy and confusion. We ought to re-
store law and government and order to the people
of Kansas Territory. The good people who have
had their peace, prosperityand security over-
thrown by the disturbers of that Territory, have
a right to our protection. We are participants in
the crimes which have robbed them of that secu-
rity and protection, if we do not interpose the
hand and the power of the United States in order
to give them confidence, and security, and law,
and government.
The first thing to be done is to suppress the
evil which now exists. A further remedy than
this will undoubtedly be necessary. All know
on which side of the parties, (considering them
generally,) detached portions of both of which
have been engaged in this controversy, my sym-
pathies arc. They are exactly where my educa-
tion and the habits of my life would naturally
place them. But, sir, I trust I have some other
feelings besides those of the partisan. 1 desire
rather to be a patriot than a partisan. I have
lived to learn, through the course of a long and
active political life, something more of forbear-
ance, something more of prudence—I hope I may
say something more of patriotism—than are much
considered of in the days of active party strife.
Now, sir, I would, for the suppression of this
evil, employ promptly and with energy all the
power of this Government, so as to put an end at
once to this bloody controversy. Thatis the first
remedy. I would then feel myself bound, as a
just man, to examine the case so far as to see
what are the wrongs in this matter which we can
remedy. I think there is no great difficulty in
the solution of this whole subject. I shaH go
into no particulars, for it would occupy more time
than I have intended to take from the Senate on
this occasion.
I think we ought to send General Scott there—
a man who in such a contest carries the sword in
his left hand, and in his right, peace, gentle peace
—a man whose great name will speak trumpet-
tongaed for peace, and will do more than a thou-
sand bayonets to put an end to these troubles.
His words of reproof wilt be sharper than a
sword to the refractory and the rebellious. His
words of hope and exhortation will be a comfort
and strength to good men who have been dfawn
unwillingly into this strife, or who have been
made its victims. He is the man of all the nation,
just and impartial, and of known character for
integrity, for impartiality, and for justice. ■ All
will regard his words. Those who are unwilling
to regard words, and are lost to every sense of
duty, will know that they can be made to feel the
sword of the people of the United States in his
hand. This great Government will have its laws
respected and obeyed; and let those who stand out
in open defiance .of them look for rebuke and for
chastisement.
General Scott is a man of conciliation: he has
been tried frequently, and he has been as suc-
cessful in making peace and quieting the dis-
turbed mind of the people and their disturbed
action, as he has been in the field of battle. I
would rather employ the name of a great chief-
tain to quiet my countrymen, than employ the
sword. I would send him there because he is a
warrior, and fit for amission of peace. Thatdone;
sir, and 1 believe it will promptly put an end to
the anarchy, and the conflicts, and the crimes,
which are being daily perpetrated.
What else should we do ? Look to the griev-
ances on the one side or the other, look -to the
wrongs of all, and endeavor to putan end to'them.
This is all we can do. To punish the past is
beyond our power and beyond our jurisdiction.
What, then, shall we do ? Sir, I am going a little
beyond the limits of my resolution, but I will say
that we should look at that Kansas code of laws
which is so much complained of. We should
see whether there are any laws there justly ob-
noxious, which conflict with constitutional rights
and constitutional privileges, with the liberty of
the press and the liberty of speech, and, if there
be any such, we should ourselves repeal them at
once. Whether justly or not, complaint is made
that the Territorial Legislature was elected by
unfair means, and does not represent the Terri-
tory. Whatever frauds or force may have been
employed in the election, the Legislature which
resulted from it was an organized body, and no
man is justified in setting at defiance its laws
because of objections or charges which he has to
'make against the fairness of the election. All
organized government would be at an end, if every
citizen of every community that forms the great
whole could consider that, upon any allegation
of defectiveness or unfairness of any sort in an
election, he.has the right to set aside the whole
Government, and defy its laws. There is no
such right in my opinion.
But, sir, let us look into this matter for the
purposes which I have mentioned, and for no
other. I would repeal their unconstitutional enact-
ments at once. I would, by legislation here,
secure to the people a fair and prompt election
of another Legislature. No one would have a
right to complain of that. It would afford to
the fair majority the exercise of their legitimate
rights, and none could complain. This would
remove the only pretext, if not the only cause of
complaint, on the part of one portion of the
contending parties. I would teach them, also,
utterly to disregard that mockery of a constitu-
tion which has been, got up, not by the people
of Kansas, but by a portion, an avowedly sepa-
rate and distinct party in Kansas, to the exclusion
of all others. I would give them, then, a fair
election. I would say that, when they have the
competent number, they shall be admitted into
the Union under a constitution fairly made.
Who is there to say that this would not restore
peace ? What man then could find a pretext for
rebellion or disturbance? None.
Mr. President, all these suggestions may be
very poor, but they occur to me as appropriate,
obvious, and adequate means of restoring gov-
ernment to Kansas and making peace. I think
it is our duty to do this. We are in a state of
things now throughout the United States calcu-
lated to inspire anything but very pleasant anti-
cipations for the futuro. It is necessary for Kan-
sas to have peace. It is necessary for you and
me, sir, and every one of us, to secure the
peace of this whole country. We do not know
now soon this cloud; which lowers now at a dis-
