€46
APPENWX *0 €GW3MSSK)P?AL OUttBE.
[June 91,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Laws of Kansas—Mr. Colfax.
Ho. of Reps.
of a decedent; by page 298, slaves are to be taken
in execution for debt; by page 432, mortgages of
slaves are to be recorded; by page 556, slaves are
to be taxed by the assessors; by page 630, slave
owners are to" be accountable for trespasses by
their slaves. But nowhere in the code is to be
found a single line, or section, declaring thqt
" Slavery is hereby established." I have no idea
that, even if the Legislature of Kansas was to be
conceded A legal body, slavery this day has a
legal existence in the Territory. But to expect
such a decision from its courts, would be to look
for mercy from a Nero.
As I was examining this Sahara of legislation
to find, if possible, one oasis, my eye fell upon
chapter 74, page 323, headed with the attractive
title of '< frbedom;" and I rejoiced at the cer-
tainty of Ending something worthy of approval
in its provisions. But, alas! it is a lit associate
for the rest. By it it appears that "a person held
in slavery " cannot sue for his freedom till he first
petitions the court for leave to establish his right to
freedom. If that le^ve is denied, whether ne is
legally or illegally held in slavery, no matter how
clearly he could prove his freedom, yet, if the
court withholds its permission, he has no alter-
native but to continue in slavery till death frees
tim from his unjust servitude. But if the court
consent, he cap only go on by giving security for
the costs, when it is a conceded fact that, as a
slave,, h#, has not a. dollar or a copper of his own
in the Vforl^.i and cannot even mortgage his own
labor for'indemnification of his security. On
page 325, section 12, of this same law, there is a
singular provision:
" If the plaintiff be q pegro or mulatto, he is required to
prove liis right to freedom.*'
There be only one fair, legitimate inference
from this,, and that is, that it is considered quite
possible t&At persons not negroes or uaulattoes—in
other words, white persons—may happen to be held
in slavery in Kansas; but the requirement of the
consent cif the court and security for costs applies
to theiqslso; and, of course,section 14 adds: " in
actions prosecuted under this act, the plaintiff
shall not recover any damages" from the person
who has been thus proven to have held him ille-
gally, and perhaps for years, in slavery.
The code also, to be complete, provides for
slave flogging by law. By the one hundred and
twenty-second chapter, on page 454, patrols are
to be appointed by the county boards, who are
to visit negro quarters, and to watch unlawful
assemblages of slaves. If slaves are found at the
latter, or strolling from one plantation to another
without apass, they are to suffer ten or twenty
lashes. There is one exception, and as I desire
to do impartial justice to this cod"e, I wish to say,
to be placed to the credit of the men who enacted
it, that that whipping clause is not to be construed
to prevent Blaves gorng directly to or returning
from divine worship on the Sabbath. They be-
lieve, it seems, in tie " stated preaching of the
Gospel," and therefore that is excepted. But,
sir, when visiting, on an adjoining plantation, a
woman whom her master allows nim to call his
wife, till he chooses to sell her and her children
to some distant slaveholder, the lash is the pen-
alty, unless he is provided with a pass. .
The Constitution speaks of the value ancrthe
necessity of" a well regulated militia." And the
bogus Legislature have taken pains to keep their
militia " ujell regulated" indeed. They have not
failed to keep the military fbrce of the Territory
in their own hands by some remarkable provis-
ions, found on page 419, chapter one hundred
and ten, and veiy truthfully entitled "An act
to organize, discipline, and govern the militia
of this Territory.'' Not one solitary jot or
tittle of power is given to the people of the Ter-
ritory to elect even a fourth corporal of the mili-
tia. The Governor, sir, by this law, appoints
the generals and the colonels. The colonels ap-
point the captains. The captains appoint the
sergeants, the musicians, and the corporals. And
all the people have to do is to say Amen! and train
when ordered. Precisely such an experiment as
this was tried in Indiana some years.ago, and all
went off happily and smoothly until it came to
the people's turn to train; which all over the State
they very unanimously declined to do. There was
lio Lecompte in Indiana to indict the whole State
for treason, and the whole matter passed off as an I
excellent joke, that offended no one, officers or j
people. But a Lecompte sits on the Kansas ;
bench, and to refuse to obey this law is treason ;
in his eyes. !
But there is more in this chapter than meets the '
eye at first. It provides, in the first place, (see
page 420,) that the Territory shall be divided into
military divisions,and that each brigade shall con-
sist of not less than two nor more than five regi-
ments. It is not supposable, of course, that, in
the early settlement of the Territory, there will i
be more than two regiments in each brigade, es-
pecially as there are two divisions of militia in
the Territory, and not less than two brigades in
each division. And now, sir, if you will turn to
section 12, page 421, you will find that, by its
cunningly-devised provisions, one half of the people
of Kansas are to be under training orders of tneir.,
superior officers, bound to go wherever those officers
command them, upon the vert dat of the elec-
tions in the Territory! That clause reads—
" Sec. 13. That on the last Saturday ia the month of
August, in every year, the colonel or commanding officer
of each regiment and separate battalion Khali, by written or
printed advertisements, put up or distributed fifteen days
before said dtty, call out all company and staff officers under
bis command to rendezvous at some convenient and suit-
able place, where they shall be fbrmed and drilled in com-
pany order by the commandant; and at said rendezvous the
commandant shall give to the officers public notice of the
place where the regiment or battalion shall meet, which
place shall be within his district, and the time as follows,
viz: the first regiment, or one lowest in number in each
brigade, shall meet at ten o'clock in the forenoon on the first
Monday in October&c.
It adds that the next regiment in each brigade
is to meet the ensuing day.
In order that there may be no misunderstand-
ing or denial that this is the regular election day,
I quote from chapter 66, of the Code, page 280:
" Sec. 1. Oa the first Monday in October, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, and on the first Mon-
day in October every two year* thereafter, an election for
delegate to the House of Representatives of the United
States shall be held, at the respective places of holding
elections, is the Territory of Kansas.
"Sec. 2. On the first Monday in October, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, and on the first Mon-
day in October in every year thereafter, an election for
representatives of the Legislative Assembly, and for all
Other elective offices not otherwise provided for by law,
shall be held, at the respective places of holding elections,
in this Territory.
« Sec. 3. Oil the first Monday in October, in the yew one
, thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, and on the first
Monday in October every two years thereafter, an election
shall be held, at the respective places of holding elections,
for members of the council."
On the very day of the election, therefore—
which in every other State of the Union is some-
thing like a Sabbath, so far as ordinary business
is concerned, and men are permitted to choose
their own officers and legislators as they see fit,
untrammeled by any power upon earth, and when
men, in many States, are, on the day of election,
exempt from arrest, except for felony, to aid to
the furthest extent in leaving the people perfectly
free in the exercise of the freeman's most price-
lessright, the elective franchise—these citizens of
Kansas are to be summoned forth by their supe-
rior oliicers, wherever they may choose to march
them, subject to. the penalties of an instant court-
martial if they do not obey. For section thir-
teen says, page 423:
" If a non-commissioned officer, musician, or private,
shall be-guilty of disobedience of orders, or disrespect to an
officer, during the time he s/iall be on duty, he shall be tried
by a court-martial, and fined not less than five dollars, nor
more than twenty dollars."
There is no provision in this chapter by which
these officers, appointed by the Governor, are to
supply the privates with tickets of an orthodox
character, to be voted under their " orders;" but
the selection of election-day for training-day is
a coincidence that is obviously not accidental.
The authority given by the French generals to
tie army to vote as they please, but if they vote,
they must vote for Napoleon, is to be re&nacted
in Kansas; and even if the freemen of Kansas,
under training orders as they are, should vote j
as they please, despite the reign of terror exist- j
ing there, and the angry denunciations of their
officers, they can be kept by those officers—as it
was doubtless intended they should be—under i
such orders as will prevent them from protecting
their ballot-boxes against the invasion which is, I
doubtless, this fall—as so often before—to crowd
them with fraudulent votes.
Section thirteen of this same law brings all the
Sharpe's rifles on the ground, where the " supe-
rior officers" can take possession of tliem under
color of law, without fear of their contents:
" That it shall be the duty of every non-commissioned
officer and private who owns a rifle, musket, or firelock, to
appear with it in good order at every parade."
The whole country has heard, sir, of the section
in the election law which allows " inhabitants"
to vote at the general election, without requiring
them to have resided in the Territory a single
day; and of the test oaths to sustain the fugitive
slave law and the Nebraska bill, which are in-
tended to shut out all men opposed to both from
the ballot-box. And I will quote it from page
282, because I desire to contrast its provisions
with another:
"Sec. 11. Evesry free white male citizen of the United
States, and every free male Indian who is made a citizen
"by treaty or otherwise, and over the age of twenty-one
years, who shall be an inhabitant of this Territory, and of
the county or district in which he offers to vote, and shall
have paid a territorial tax, shall be a qualified elector for
all elective officers; and all Indians who are inhabitants of
this Territory, and who may have adopted the customs of
the white man, and who are liable to pay taxes, shall be
deemed citizens: Provided, That no soldier, seaman, or
marine, in the regular Army or Navy of the United States,
shall be entitled to vote, by reason of being on service
therein: Jlnd provided further, That no person who shall
have been convicted of any violation of any provision of an
act of Congress entitled ' An act respecting fugitives from
justice, and persons escaping from the service of their
masters,' approved February 12, 1793; or of an act to
amend and supplementary to said act, approved 18th Sep-
tember, 1850; whether such conviction were by criminal
proceeding or by civil action for the recovery of any penalty
prescribed by either o£said acts, in any courts of the United
States, or of any State or Territory, of any offense deemed
infamous, shall be entitled to vote at any election, or to
bold any office in this Tettitory: JlnA provided further,
That ff any person offering to vote shall be challenged and
requiried to take an oath or affirmation, to be administered
by one of the judges of the election, that he will sustain the
provisions of the above-recited acts of Congress, and of the
act entitled ' An act to organize the Territories of Nebraska
and Kansas,'approved May 30, 1854, end shall refuse to
take such oath or affirmation, the vote of such person shall be
rejected."
Merely being an " inhabitant," if the person
ij.in favor of the Nebraska bill, and of the fugi-
tive slave law, qualifies him as a voter in all the
elections of the Territory effecting national or
territorial politics. The widest possible door is
opened for the invaders to come over and carry
each successive election as " inhabitants" for the
time being of the Territory. But, turn to page
750, and notice the following provision (section
8) defining the qualifications of voters at the petty
corporation elections of Lecompton:
" All free white male citizens who have arrived- to the
full age of twenty-one years, and who shall be entitled to
vote for territorial officers, and who shall hane resided within
the city limits at least six months next preceding any election,
and, moreover, who shall have paid a city tax or any city
licenso according to ordinance, shall be eligible to vote
at any ward or city election for officers of the city."
Being an inhabitant a day clothes a person with
the right to vote for Delegate in Congress, and
Representatives in the Legislature; but to vote at
an insignificant election, in comparison, six
months' residence is required! Am I wrong in
judging that this inverting the usual rule shows
that Missouri&ns are wanted at the one election,
but not at the other? If any one deems this opin-
ion unjust, let him study the following sections
of the General Election Law, page 283:
" Sec. 19. Whenever any person shall offer to vote, be
Shall Be pbesi'mes to be entitled to vote.
" Sec. 90. Whenever any person offers to vote, his vote
may be challenged by one of the judges, or by any voter,
and the judges of the election may examine him touching
hjs right to vote ( and if so examined, so evidence to con-
tradict sHM,ii Be received."
Certainly these provisions explain themselves,
without comment.
I will now invite your attention to a contrast
in the penal code of this Territory, singular in
its character, to say the very least. Section five
of the act punishing offenses against slave pro-
perty, page 604, enacts as follows:
"If any person shall aid or auitt in enticing,decoying,
or persuading,ot carrying away, or sending out of this Ter-
ritory, any slave belonging to another, with intent to procure
oi effect the freedom of such slave, or with intent to de-
prive the owner thereof of the services of such slave, he
■bail he adjudged guilty of grand larceny, and on conviction
thereof shau. suffer death, or be imprisoned at hard
i'l&borfor not lets than tcnyetrs.''
