THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D.'C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 18, 1856.
New Series No. 42.
no Know Nothing organizations of whose mem-
bers I have any knowledge. If they exist, they
exist secretly. There arc no open, avowed ones
among us. These general charges as to matters
of opinion amount to but very little. It is alto-
gether probable that the gentleman and myself
will differ in opinion, not only upon this slavery
question, but also as to the sentiments of the peo-
ple of Illinois. The views which I entertain are
honest ones; they are the sincere sentiments of
my heart. I will not say that the view which he
entertains in reference to these matters are not
equally honest. I impute no such thing as in-
sincerity to any Senator. Claiming for myself
to be honest and sincere, I am willing to award
to others the same sincerity that I claim for my-
self. As to what views other men in Illinois
may entertain, we may honestly differ. The
views of the members of the Legislature may be
ascertained from theirvotes on resolutions before
them. I do not know how to ascertain them in
any other way. As for Abolitionists, I do not
know one in our State—one who wishes to inter-
fere with slavery in the States. I have not the
acquaintance of any person of that class. There
are many thousands who oppose the breaking
down of a compromise set up by our fathers to
prevent the extension of slavery; and I know
that the gentleman himself once uttered on this
floor the sentiment, that he did not know a man
who wished to extend slavery to a free Terri-
tory. Is it strange, then, that I should know a
great many in Illinois who do not wish to extend
slaveiy into free territory, when the gentleman
himself made the statement that he did not know
of any one who wished to do so?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is very ingenious for my
colleague to quote a remark of mine, that I did
not know a man here who wished by an act of
Congress to extend slavery, inasmuch as all men
who agree with me deny the power of Congress
either to extend or curtail it. It may be inge-
nious for him to apply this to his abolition doc-
trines when he wishes to prohibit it by an act of
Congress, but 1 cannot commend the fairness of
such a course. This is the only remark I have
to make on that point.
The Senator has said that the reason why he
did not last year accept my proposition to resign,
was that Governor Matteson, who was my friend,
would appoint two Nebraska Democrats in our
places. Now, sir, I wish to tell him, as I then
did, that the proposition was to submit the resig-
nations to take effect at the next general election
in Illinois, so that there would be no vacancy m
the Senate from our State until the Legislature
met. That, therefore, could not have been the
reason why he didnotaccept the proposition; but
if he says it was, I tell him now, this day, this
hour, sign the resignation with me to take effect
at the next meeting of the Illinois Legislature.
Mr.BE.OWN and Mr. WELLER. That is
right and fair.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let it be done now. Let
us have no quibbling on pretexts. I will give the
gentleman until Monday morning, or longer if
he desires, to think of it. I will give him time
to reflect if he means to quibble on the point of
the Governor filling vacancies.
How does the gentleman meet the charge which
made m reference to Know Nothingism and
Abolitionism 5 I did not say whether he was an
Abolitionist or not; or whether he was a Know
Nothing or not. I said he received every Aboli-
tion and every Know Nothing vote in the Legis-
lature. Does lie deny the statement? He dare
not. What does he deny ? He says that if I
mean to intimate that he is a member of a Know
Nothing lodge, I say what isnot true. Why did
he not deny my statement that he got every Abo-
lition vote ? He knew the statement was true.
Why did he not deny my assertion, that he
received every Know $othing vote? He knew
that it was true. Why this attempt to convey
an erroneous impression by a change of the
issue? I say he was the candidate of the Aboli-
tion, Know Nothing,Anti-Nebraska party against
42
the Democratic party. He was their party can-
didate, receiving their votes m opposition to the
Democratic candidate. Why does he not con-
fess the truth, instead of dealing in equivocations
as to membership in lodges? He asks, how I
am to know whether a man is a member of a
Know Nothing lodge or not? I do not know.
Why? Everyman of them is sworn to deny
the fact that he is a member; and hence if
my colleague is a member, he is under oath to
make the denial which he has made here to-day;
and I do not know whether he is a member or
not, and I did not venture to make the statement
that he was. Whether it is disgraceful, as my
colleague supposes, to be charged with being a
member of a Know Nothing lodge, I refer to my
friend from Kentucky, who does not wish to see
the courtesies of debate violated.
How does the gentleman disprove the fact that
he was the Abolition candidate for Senator, and
was elected by Abolition votes? Why, he says
that he lives m the eighth district; and that the
Abolitionists all live near Chicago, where 1 reside,
and that he has nothing to do with them. I sub-
mit to the Senate whether that was a senatorial
mode of meeting the issue. I admit that there
are Abolitionists in Chicago. There are those
now within my view who have witnessed their
proceedings there. Because there were Aboli-
tionists theie, a mob prevented me from speaking
the truth in defense of Democratic principles.
Sir, there are Abolitionists and Know Nothings
there, and every Abolition and Know Nothing
Representative Irom that part of the State voted
for my colleague as Senator. He was elected by
the same men who attempted to mob me; he was
elect'd by the same men who put down freedom
of speech in Chicago; lie was elected by the same
men who would not hear their representative
who was in favor of maintaining the supremacy
of the laws ond executing the Constitution of the
United States. It is tiue they live about Chicago.
No man ha? better reasons for remembering it
than myself. My colleague was their candidate
—elected by them—their chosen man; and hence,
I say, it will be news to the people of Illinois to
hear that lie is a Democratic Senator in the Sen-
ate of the United States.
If my colleague had confessed that he was a
member of the Anti-Nebraska party oflllinois, con-
sisting of a combination of Abolitionists, Know
Nothings, Manie Liquor Law men, Women's
Rights men, who elected him as a fit representative
of all the isms vgainst Democracy, there would
have been no issue between us. He came here rep-
resenting such a party, ond ho knows that the
cardinal principle of that party is eternal hostil-
ity to me and to the principles which! am advocat-
ing. Why attempt to mislead the country as to
the state of parties in Illinois? Why not speak
to our positions boldly, and exert our powers
out maintain the correctness of them, instead of
resorting to equivocation and quibbling, for the
purpose of conveying an impression contrary to
the real facts?
Mr. President, 1 will not occupy the attention
of the Senate further. 1 do not wish to perpetu-
ate this controversy. I shall not refer to it again
unless I shall be under an imperious necessity to
do so. I prefer to use what strength 1 may have
at my command m vindication of the principles
set forth in trie majonry report, and I propose to
do it in replying to the champions of Black Re-
publicanism, of whom, it seems, my colleague
has now become the chief. I prefer to husband
my strength to reply to their arguments, and to
avoid as far as possible personal controversy. I
will not allow myself to be drawn into any per-
sonal discussions, if it is possible to avoid them;
and I engage in them only so far as I feel myself
compelled by self-respect to repel the imputations
thrown on me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it is most
extraordinary to me that, after the gentleman's
remarks for nearly half an hour have been directed
to myself, personally, and to the persons who
elected me to this body, he should sit down with
a declaration that he intends to avoid all personal
matters, and reserve his strength for the discus-
sion of the repoft of the committee. Why did he
provoke the controversy ? Why did he commence
it? Why does he not understand what T said ?
He asks, why did I not deny that every Aboli-
tionist and every Know Nothing voted for me?
I did deny it. I told him that, if lie meant by
Aholitiomsts gentlemen who voted to instruct
him to favor the restoration of the Missouri com-
promise, many of them did not vote for mo.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let us understand each other.
Was not the Senator the candidate of the anti-
Nebraska party, including the Know Nothing
and Abolition partn s of the whole State?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he asks me whether I
was the candidate of the Abolitionist and Know
Nothing party, I toll hjip no, to his teeth. Sir,
1 was never the candiuate of an Abolitionist or
Know Nothing party; and if the Senator makes
the allegation on his own information, I call on
him for the facts. As I stated before, 1 niay have
been voted for by gentlemen who were members
of the American organization, and the same may
be the case with my colleague. I do not know
the fact. I never denounce men who may think
proper to become members of the American or-
ganization. If their sense of duty requites them
to unite with it, I have no objection to their doing
so, so that their principles are not inimical to the
Union. I do not pretend to be as familiar with
the proceedings of the Know Nothing lodges as
the gentleman does. I am wil'ing that men who
are members of the American organization should
vote for me; but that 1 ever became the candidate
of such an organization is not true. They may
have \oted for me, and I should have full honored
by the votes of many who were supposed to bo
members of the American party.
I am not one of those who talk about looking
down the pistols of the members of that order. I
know that thousands have met the gentleman in
Illinois to rebuke him for his course hero. He
chooses to regard them as Know Nothings. How
that may be i cannot say. I deny, however, that
I ever became the candidate of that party. When
I was elected to the Senate, some Democrats, as
good and reliable as my colleague ever was, or is
to-day, and whose Democracy is as sound as his,
cast their votes for me. A majority of the Legis-
lature thought proper to unite with tiiem;but, sir,
not all the men who were opposed to the repeal
of the Missouri comoromtse, not all the anti-
Nebraska men voti d forme. Several opposed my
election who voted to instruct my colleague to use
his influence here to restore the Missouri com-
promise. I suppose he would call them Aboli-
tionists.
Sir, 1 do not wish to prolong this discussion.
It has nothing to do with the business before the
Senate. The gentleman lias made an unprovoked
assault upon me personally, and I have thought,
it to be my duty to meet him as I shall always
meet lum. I shall never permit him, heie or
elsewhere, to make an assault on me personally,
without meeting it with the best power that God
j has given me, feeble though it In-.
| Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, this is the third
j time that I have tried to get the floor in the course
I of this desultory debate — merely, however, for a
| minute. I have no disire to interfeie between
I the two Senators from Illinois, nor would I divert
i attention from the issue between them; but the
I Senator from Illinois on my left, [Mr. Douglas,]
| in the impetous career of his speech, has chosen
■ quite unnccessavJy I think, for this debate, to
| brush against me. " He said-I took his language
i down at the time—the "Senator from Massa-
| chusetts obtained the delay of the Nebraska bill
in order to circulate a libel upon me" [him.]
! Sir, I say at once that that is untrue. It is a
i fact that, in conjunction with my distinguished
{ friend from Ohio, [Mr. Chase,] who is not now
| a member of this body, and with other Senators,
II did press for the delay of a few days in the
j discussion of the Nebraska bill. It is also a fact
;i that I united with that distinguished gentleman
