1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1383
motion. Then, if I shall be overruled, I can go for
the resolution as offered, leaving on the majority
of the Senate tho responsibility for a recital of
facts which is in my view erroneous and unjust.
I beg leave to add only one more word. Since
the honorable and distinguished and venerable
Senator from Kentucky has assumed to offer an
olive branch, I hope he will, at as early a day as
possible, mature his entire plan to remedy the
distractions in Kansas. I will engage to give it
due consideration. I have submitted my own
scheme for the purpose of settling this contro-
versy, and I have sufficiently explained arid de-
fended it. I am prepared to vote now on the
several propositions which are now before 'the
Senate. I shall not be tenacious about the time,
or the order, or the circumstances of taking the
question on the various remedies wjiich are pro-
posed. I prefer my own, but I nevertheless de-
sire to see what can be offered by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky. If I cannot procure
the adoption of my own, I shall bethe last man
to make an objection not founded in reason, in
principles of justice, and in patriotism, against
any other which can be suggested, come from
■whatever quarter it may.
Mr. TOUCEY. I think this subject ought not
to be debated to-day, and I therefore renew the
objection to the consideration of the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection being
made, the resolution must lie over until to-mor-
row.
RECOMMITTAL OF A BILL.
Mr. CLAY. During my absence, on account
of my late illness, a bill, which I had the honor
to'introduco, (S. No. 275,) giving to Joshua Kirby
and the widow of John McNary the right to enter
the land covered by tk<S life reserve of John
McNary under the Cherokee treaties of 1817 and
1819, which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims, was reported back with a
recommendation that it should not pass. I am
■atisfied that report was made because of the want
of the evidence on which the bill was predicated.
I move, therefore, with the consent of the chair-
man of that committee, with whom I have con-
ferred, that the bill be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
LANDS IN MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill (S. No. 330) to confirm certain land titles to
citizens of Mississippi. It is a bill which meets
my concurrence, and that of the Committee on
Public Lands of the Senate, and of the Land
Office. It will lead to no debate, and can be
disposed of in three minutes. It is a matter of
great interest to a few of my constituents, and I
hope it will be attended to at once.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill for the
relief of certain actual settlers and cultivators who
purchased lands, subject to graduation, within
the limits of the Choctaw cession of 1830, at a
less rate than the true graduated price, under the
"Act to graduate and rcduce the price of the
public lands to actual settlers and cultivators,"
approved 4th of August, 1854, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BROWN. I have some amendments to
offer, which have been agreed upon. I move to
strike out the word "immediately," before the
•words "settled upon," and to insert " or who
entered the same for the benefit of an adjoining
farm."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. 1 move also to add to the bill
as it now stands, the following proviso:
Provided, That no p.oof shall be required which is not
neeessaiy to carry mto effect the provisions of this act.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill as
amended, reads as follows:
Deitenaclcd, ti'c.. That any person or persons who may
lave entered, in good taith. lands subject to graduation
within the limits of the Choctaw cession of 1830, before the
cor:ect graduation lists had been received at the local land
offices, at a less rate than the true graduation price, and
who settled upon and improved the lands entered, or who
entered the same for the benefit of an adjoining larm, and
who continue to occupy the same, shall be entitled (pro-
vided the entries aie lcgularin all other re.-pects) to receive
patents toi the lands si entered, settled upon, and occu-
pied, without any additional payment being required oi
them, upon their making the proof required by the circulars
from the GeneialLand Office, dated the23d of January and
the 7th of April, 1856, any law to the contrary notwith-
standing : Provided, That no proof shall be required which
is not necessary to carry into effect the provisions of this
act.
Mr. BROWN. I now offer the following ad-
ditional section:
Sec. 2. .find be it further enacted, That the act of May
9, 1852, entitled " An act to authorize the Legislature of
the State of Mississippi to sell the lands heretofore appro-
priated for the use of schools m that State, and to ratify and
approve the sales already made," be so construed as to
apply to lands heretofore reserved for school purposes in
the State of Mississippi.
I will simply remark that, in drawing the act
alluded to, which I did myself, I used the word
"appropriated" instead of "reserved," and I
propose now to substitute one word for the other.
This is found necessary in consequence of the
construction of the last part of it. I never thought
it at all material myself, but the land bureau con-
sidered it important.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the
amendments were concurred in. The bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed. Oil motion of
Mr. Brown, its title was amended by the addi-
tion of the words " and for other purposes."
ENROLLED BILLS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills:
An act (S. No. 187) making appropriations for
the payment of ccrtain claims.
An act (S. No. 232) to change the place of hold-
ing the courts of the United States in the district
of Delaware.
SENATE BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Sidney Webster, Esq., his Secretary,
announced that he had approved and signed the
following bills:
An act for the benefit of the Hebrew congre-
gation of the city of Washington;
An act for the relief of John Nugent;
An act to incorporate St. Thomas's Literary
Society, in the District of Columbia;
An act to transfer ceftain rights and duties con-
ferred upon the trustees of the town of Vin-
cennes, Indiana, to the common council of the
city of Vtncennes.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. MALLORY. I perceive that the naval
bill was taken up yesterday, and was left as tho
i unfinished business; it is, therefore, the first
j special order this mornirtg. The Senate, however,
is thin. 1 have an earnest desire to obtain a vote
on the bill at an early moment. . I move that it
be postponed to Thursday next, atone o'clock;
and I give notice now that at that time I shall
endeavor to procure a vote upon it.
Mr. ADAMS. The Senator was not here
yesterday, and perhaps is not aware of the fact
that the Kansas bill was then made the special
order for Thursday next. The Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Butler] gave notice that he
expected to leave the city, and wished to address
the Senate on that day.
Mr. MALLORY. I made my motion with a
knowledge of the fact to which the Senator from
Mississippi has alluded; but I thought it possible
that the Senator from South Carolina might not
be ready to address the Senate on Thursday, and
I suggested that day, being anxious to have the
naval bill disposed of as soon as possible. If he
should be ready to proceed then, I shall ask its
postponement to a subsequent day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Florida moves to postpone the consideration
of the bill (S. No. 113) to amend the act entitled
"An act to promote the efficiency of the Navy,"
until Thursday next, at one o'clock, and to make
it a special order for that time.
The motion was agreed to.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER BILL VETO.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to postpone the prior
orders for the purpose of resuming the reconsid-
eration of the bill for the improvement of the
mouth of the Mississippi river, which has been
vetoed by the President of the United States.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator from Mississippi whether he expects a
vote to be taken, or presumes that there will be"
an argument on the subject ?
Mr. ADAMS. I have no expectation in regard
to the matter. I have no speech to make upon
it, and I suppose that the discussion has closed.
There may be Senators who wish to be heard on
this subject; I do not. This is the next regular
business which it was agreed we should proceed
with and dispose of. I wish to dispose of the
business of the session, or else adjourn and go
home at once.
Mr. SEWARD. I will state for the inform-
ation of tho honorable Senator, that these bills
are in charge of the Committee on Commerce,
and a motion to take them up for a vote now
strikes us with surprise. I prefer that they
should be delayed until the Senate shall be full,
and then we can call them up at the earliest pos-
sible day. Indeed, I think that on the last occa-
sion, when this subject was postponed, I had the
floor for the purpose of making some remarks;
but I traveled all night last night in order to reach
here, and I am in no condition to-day to direct
my attention to it.
Mr. ADAMS. I have no particular anxiety
myself about the disposal of this bill. My object
has been to get it out of the way of other meas-
ures. When other bills have been called up, they
have been postponed to give precedence to this.
I am willing to have it postponed for six weeks,
or six months, so far as I am concerned. I have
no choice about it; I only wish to get it out of
tho way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator insist on his motion ?
Mr. ADAMS. No, sir; tho friends of the bill
do not want it passed. 1 do not care anything
about it. I have no desire for its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There seems to
be nothing before the Senate, and there is barely
a quorum present; I move, therefore, that we
! now adjourn.
Tho motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 10, 1856.
Tho House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CORRECTION OF SATURDAY'S JOURNAL.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the motion of Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee, to amend the Journal of Saturday's pro-
ceedings by striking out a notice of the introduc-
tion of" a bill by Mr. Edwards, of New York,
on the ground that there was no quorum present
on that day.
On that motion the yeas and nays were or-
dered yesteiday.
The question was put; and there were—yeas
41, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS— Mes«rs. Aiken, Barclay, Barksdale,Boyce, Bur-
nett. Branch, John P. Campbell, Cathie, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Comitis. Crawfoid, Edmundson, Etheridge, Foster,
Augustus Hall, Thomas L. Harris, H erbert, Hickman, Hous -
ton, George W. Jones, Kennett,Lake, Smith Miller, Nich-
ols, Phelps, Purvoar, (iuitman, Reade, Ready, Rivera,
Ruffin, Bust, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Ste-
phens, Trtppe, Vail, Watkins, Daniel B. Wright, Jolin V.
Wngiit, ami Zollicoffer—4L.
NWS—Messrs. Allison, Baibour, Iiillmghurst, Bing-
ham, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Brooks, Broom, Cain-
ton, Burhngame, James H. Campbell, dawson, Colfax:,
Covode, Cragm, Cullen, Cumback, Dainrell, Day, Dean,
De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Edie, Edwards,
Emrie, Harlan, Hainson, Ilolloway, Hughston, Knapp,
Knight, Knox, Leiter, Mcftucen, Millson, Mooio, Norton,
Pennington, Ritchie. Robison, Sapp, Seott, Stanton, Thor-
ington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Walbndge, Cad-
walader C. Washburne, Ellihu B, Washbume, Isiaet
Washburn, Watson, Winslow, and Woodworth—59.
No quorum voted.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. ME A CHAM stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Porter, of Missouri, until the 18th
i instant.
1 Mr. BURNETT said: I have paired off with
I Mr. Benson, and Mr. Leiter has paired off with
' Mr. Jewett; butasMessrs. BENSONand Jewett,
i who arc absent, stand in the same political atti-
tude as Mr. Leiter and myself, who are prcs-
I ent, wo have concluded to vote—Mr. Leiter
voting in the negative, while I vote m the
1 affirmative. :
