1384.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
June 10,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. As there is
^probably not a quorum present, or, if there be,
many members are paired off with absent mem-
bers so that they cannot vote, I -would suggest
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, in order
to afford an opportunity to make speeches to
gentlemen who desire to do so.
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
House will not resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. I move
that there be a call of the House.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wash-
burns's motion; and it was agreed to.
So it was ordered that there be a call o^ the
House.
The roll was accordingly called, when the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Albright, Ball, Bayly, Bell, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Bishop, Bowie, Cadwalader, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Caskie, Chaffee, Chikls, Bayard Clark, Ezra Clark,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis,
Timothy Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Durfee, Elliott, English,
Evans, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Gal-
loway, Giddings, GJbert, Goode, Granger, Greenwood,
Grow, Robert B.' Hall, j. Morrison Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Thomas It. Horton, Valentine B. Ilorton, Howard,
.Tewett, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kelsey, Kidwell,
King, Knowlton, KunRel, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin,
Mace, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matte-
son, McCaity, McMulIin, Killian Miller, Morgan, Morrill,
Mott, Murray, Andrew Oliver, Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Pack-
er, Paine, Parker, Pearce, Peck, Pelton, Perry, Pike, Por-
ter, Powell, Pungle, Purviance, Jticaud, Bobbins, Sabin,
Sage, Seward, Sherman, Shorter, Simmons, William Smith,
Sneed, Spinner, Stewart, Stranahan, Swope,Tappan, Tay-
lor, Tyson, Underwood, Valk, Wakeman, Waldron, War-
ner, Welch, Wells. Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Wood,
and Woodruff.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. RIVERS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Sneed, was confined to his bed at home by severe
indisposition, which accounted for his absence
to-day.
The SPEAKER stated that one hundred and
twenty-one members had answerer! to their names.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that all further
proceedings in the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
MASSACHUSETTS RESOLUTIONS ASSAULT
ON .SENATOR SUMNER.
Mr. BURLINGAME. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present joint resolu-,
tions of the Legislature of Massachusetts, in
relation to the recent assault upon the Hon.
Charles Sumner.
Mr. McQUEEN. I object.
Mr. WAS! ILiURNE, of Illinois. There is a
hill of the House made the special order for to-
day.
Mr. McQUEEN Under the advice of my
friends, 1 withdraw my objection to the introduc-
tion of the resolutions offered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
No further objection being made,
Mr. BURLINGAME presented the resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Massachusetts
concerning the recent assault upon the Hon.
Charles Sumner, at Washington; which were
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
THE STEAMBOAT BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It will be
re-collected that the bill further to amend an act
entitled " Anact to provide for the better security
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled m whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes," was made the special order for to-day.
1 do not propose to take it up, but will move that
its consideration be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. VAIL, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that said committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills, of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act to change the place of holding the courts
of the United States in the district of Delaware;
and
An act making appropriations for the payment
of certain claims.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to say that I
have paired off with Mr. Taiwan, of New Hamp-
shire, till the 12th of this month, on all ques-
tions connected with slavery and the Territories.
I, therefore, desire to withdraw my vote on the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones.]
There was no objection.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
the rules of the House be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. There is a pending question
before the House, which was suspended by the
failure of a quorum to appear. It is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee, that the
Journal of the House of Saturday last be amended;
and on that the House has ordered the yeas and
nays.
LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I desire to call the
attention of the House to the fact, that the bill
(No. 188) to expedite the issuing of patents in
the cases of confirmed land claims in California
was postponed until this day. I do not desire to
press it to-day, but I ask that it may be post-
poned until to-morrow, at one o'clock; and then
some other arrangement can be made about it.
There was no objection, and the bill was ac-
cordingly postponed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
Mr. STEPHENS. There are two communi-
cations, I believe, on the Speaker's table, in reply
to a resolution which I offered some days ago,
asking for information. I hope the House will
permit them to be taken up and referred.
There being no objection, the Speaker laid be-
fore the House a communication from the Secre-
tary of State, in answer to a resolution of the
House of Representatives on the subject of cot-
ton; also a supplementary communication on the
same subjcct.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that these commu-
nications be laid on the tabic, and ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS. I now move that ten thou-
sand extra copies thereof be printed.
The motion was referred, under the rules, to
the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
report of Major Laidley on the umber and min-
eral resouices of North Carolina; which was, on
motion of Mr. Winslow, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Territory of New Mexico, transmitting two
copies of the laws passed by the Legislature of
that Territory in the session of 1855-'56; which
was referred to the Committee on Territories.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL AGAIN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I renew my
motion to suspend the rules, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 would inquire
what has become of the proposition to amend
the Journal?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that
to be the pending question.
Mr. J ONES. Well, I would rather have it de-
cided.
The SPEAKER. These communications have
been presented by unanimous consent. The
Chair will a«*ain state the question to be on the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee, to
amend the Journal; and on that question the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
47, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Ht'iidley S. Ben-
nett, Bocoek, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, John P. Campbell,
Carhle, Chngnifin, Williamson U. W. Cobb, Comma, Cox,
Crawtord, Ednnmdson, Ethendge, En^tis, Foster, Thomas
J. I). Fuller, Augustus Hall, Thomas L. Darns, Herbert,
Ilickman, Hoffman, Houston, George W. Jones Kenriett,
Lake, Humphrey Marshall, Smith Miller, Nichols, Phelps,
Puryear, Uuninan, Ruad.?, Heady. River?, Rurtm, Sandidge,
Samuel A. Smith, Stephens, Tnppe, Vail, Watkms, John
V. Wrijjht, and Zofhcoffer—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ball, Barbour, Billmghurst,
Bmgliam, Bh^s, Bradt-haw, Brenton, Brooks, Bioom, Buf-
finton, Burhngame, James II, Campbell, Clawson, Colfax,
Covode, Cragtn, Cullen, Cumbaek, Datnrell, Day, Dean,
I)e Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Edie, Edwaids,
Lmne, Harlan, Harrison, Ilavcn, Ilolloway, Hughston,
Knapp, Knight, Knox, Leiter, McQueen, Millson, Mill-
ward, Moore, Norton, Pennington, Pettit, Ritchie, Roberts,
Sapp, Scott, Stanton, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Wade,
Walbridge, Cadwalad'er C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Winslow, and Wood-
worth—62.
No quorum voted.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WRIGrHT, of Mississippi, stated that he
had paired off with Mr. Pike till the 15th of
this month.
Mr. HAVEN. I find, by visiting the Clerk's
desk, that I have been under a misapprehension,
yesterday and to-day, in voting on this question.
I wish to change my vote, and vote "no." I
thought that the matter introduced was a bill,
instead of a notice to the Clerk.
Mr. McMULLIN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. KnjG until this day; but as he did not
see Mr. King present, he would not vote.
Mr. CARUTHERS stated that he had paired
off, on a certain class of questions, with Mr.
Murray.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is very evident
that there is not a working quorum in the House.
There is a nominal one here, but gentlemen have
paired off, and cannot vote. I therefore move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, i hope that
motion will be withdrawn, so that I may ask the
consent of the House to go into Committee of the
I Whole on the state of the Union.
I Mr. JONES. Wc cannot work in committee
I without a quorum, any more than we can in the
| House.
Mr. WASHBURN. There need be no busi-
ness transacted.
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 36, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Meal's. Aiken, Allen, Allison, Barclay, Barkh-
dale, Ilemlley S. Bennett, Billmghurst, Branch, Burnett,
Cox, Ciagin, Crawford, Cullen. Fostei, Thomas J. D.
Fuller. Augustus IJall, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Ilick-
man, Hoffman, Houston, George W. Jones, Lake, Smith
Miller, Phelps, Quitman, Ready, Richardson, Ritchie, Rob-
erts, Ruffin, Sandidge, Stephens, Tnppe, Vail, and Walker
—36.
*NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Barbour, Bingham, Blis?. Boeoek,
Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Bnrlinganie, James H. Camp-
bell, Carutbers, Clawson, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Coming, Covode, Cumbaek, Damrell, Day, Dean, Do Witt,
Dick, Diekson, Dodd, Dunn, Edie, Edwards, Etheridge,
Hailan. Ilarri-on, Ilolloway, Hushston, Kennett, Knapp,
Knight,Knox, Lcitei, Meaciiam,Milium, Millward, Moore,
Nichols, Norton, Pennington, Pettit, Puiycar, Read, Rivers,
Robison, Sapp, Scott, Samuel A. Smith, Stanton, Thoring-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Tiafton, Wade, Walbridge, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Watkins. Watson, Winslow, Woodworth, John V.
Wright, and Zollicoffer—68.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call,
Mr. CARUTHERS said: In stating, a moment
ago, that I had paired off, I used, by mistake, the
name of Mr. Murray, of New York. I meant
Mr. Morrill, of Vermont. I further desire to
say, that I was allowed discretion as to the class
of subjects on which I might vote; and, in the ex-
ercise of that discretion, I think proper to vote
now. I vote no.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, from the President of
the United States, was received by Mr. Sibkey
Webster, his Secretary; also, a message noti-
fying the House that he had approved and signed
bills of the following titles:
An act lor the relief of John S. Pendleton;
An act for the relief of Emma Bidamon;
An act making a grant of alternate sections of
the public lands to the State of Michigan, to aid
in the construction of certain railroads;
An act granting public lands to the State of
Wisconsin, to aid in the construction of railroads
in said State;
^ An act granting public lands in alternate sec-
tions to the State of Alabama, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State; and
An act making a grant of lands to the State of
Louisiana, to aid in the construction of railroads
in said State.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL AGAIN.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdrawthe notice given
by me, under the rules, for the introduction of a
bill.
