185&J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEv
049
34th Cons.... 1st Sess.
The Cincinnati Platform—Mr. Carlile.
Ha. of Reps.
might decline to pass laws protecting stave property. I
know of no provision of the Constitution which says they
shall pass laws to protect slavery. If they decline to pass
laws for that purpose, then you leave the matter as it was
prior to the organization of the Territory—just as if no law
existed on the subject. The inclination of my mind is, that
under that act the people of the Territory may protect or
prohibit slavery; but I shall submit to the decision of the
courts whenever they shall give an opinion.
" As it is clear that the people may decline to act at all,
and thereby leave slave property unprotected, so it is rather
the inclination of my mind, I repeat, that, if the people of
the Territory pass an act prohibiting slaved, that act would
be valid. i voted for the bill without regard to whether
die courts would hold that or the other construction. They
may decide that the people have a right to legislate for the
protection, but not for the prohibition, of slavery. As I
stated, the inclination of my mind is the other way. I be-
lieve that the people of the Territory may, under that act,
either prohibit or establish slavery; and my impression is,
that that will be the construction which the courts will
give to it."
With declarations from Democratic members
of Congress from slaveholding States who voted
for the Kansas-Nebraska bill, such as I have read,
with th6pr&ctic&l workings of*soudttGr sovereignty
as shown in Kansas, still the Enquirer, up to the
Cincinnati Convention, persisted in its denial that
it was contained in the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
So odious is the principle of squatter sovereignty
in my State that no man has ever dared advo-
cate it; and the Democratic press, up to the
meeting of the Cincinnati Convention, has as
stoutly denied that squatter sovereignty was in
the Nebraska bill as it did that it was in the Nich-
olson letter. But as it did in the case of General
Cass, will it do with the Cincinnati platform and
its nominees ?—or will the Enquirer persist in its
oft-repeated denial, that the Nebraska bill does
not assert or contain the principle of squatter
sovereignty ? That the Enquirer has too _ much
regard for the spoils to read the Cincinnati Con-
vention and its presidential nominees out of the
Democratic party, I know full well; that it will
continue to deny it, notwithstanding everybody
of the least intelligence knows that the Nebraska-
Kansas act does contain the squatter sovereignty
doctrine, and notwithstanding Mr. Buchanan's
committal to it in his letter of acceptance, I am
not prepared to affirm or deny. I therefore think
it advisable to accompany my remarks with the
following extracts:
First, I will quote from the speech of the Hon.
John Kelly, of New York, delivered on the
26th of May, 1856:
" Mr. Chairman, I claim to represent the pure-blooded,
uncontaminated Democracy of New York, the Democracy
ofTammany Hall—a Democracy which has always followed
where Democratic principles led the way—a Democracy
which has never sacrificed its cardinal doctrines to a short-
lived expediency—a Democracy which has weathered,
through evil report and through good report, all the storms
which the rage of its opponents could raise against it, and
which, be it remembered, has never faltered in its allegiance
and support to any Democratic Administration, from the
time of Jefferson to this hour. This party has sometimes
been called the Soft-Shell party, in distinction from the
Hards—a faction whose leaders, though arrogating the Dem-
ocratic name, are bat Know-Nothings in disguise, and who,
though pretending to an extra nationality of sentiment, have
always been the pliant tools of the Whigs and the so-called
Bepublicans.
" Before I proceed to vindicate the truth of history, as the
gentleman from Ohio has it, let me first lay dowh the prin-
ciples which I. in common with other members of the united
Democracy of New York, entertain upon the great political
questions which are now in issue before the country, and
upon which the approaching presidential battle is to be
fought. Of these, the first and paramount is the question
of slavery in the Territories.
" Upon this question we hold to the doctrine of non-
intervention—to the principle of the Nebraska bill, which
leaves the people of the Territory perfectly free to regulate
their domestic institutions as seems to them best, accord-
ing to the same rights, on the subject of establishing or ex-
cluding slavery, as belong to the people of the several
States. This we believe a safe principle, which should be
satisfactory to all sections of the Union, and the only prin-
ciple the adoption of which is consistent with the stability
and harmony of the Union. We would leave the matter
of slavery in the Territories to be decided between the
anti slavery and the pro-slavery settlers by the peaceful
arbitrament of the ballot-box, which, in all political con-
tentions, should be the last resort of the American citizen.
" But the principle of the Nebraska act must furnish a true
test of Democratic orthodoxy; and here, while the Hards
give it but a half-way, qualified approval, some time after
the passage of the bill, the Tammany Hall, or Soil Democ-
racy, souie time before it bad been enacted, convened in
the Old Wigwam, and ratified it in the strongest terms, as
will appear by this resolution, adopted at a meeting held
February 11,1854:
" ' Resolved, That the people of the Territories, under
organized territorial governments, of right should determine
the question of slavery for themselves; that all the reasons
by which they are justified in enacting laws concerning the
other domestic relations apply with equal force to this,
which ought not, therefore, to be made an exceptional case;
that we express again that abiding confidence in the
wisdom and patriotism of the people which constitute the
distinguishing characteristics of the Democratic party; and
we are satisfied that they will decide the question of slavery
wisely, and in accordance with their true, permanent
interests; that we cannot recognize the doctrine that the
citizen of a State, by the act of emigration to a Territory,
loses his capacity for self-government, and becomes inca-
pable of deciding any question, however grave.'
" This was followed by an equally emphatic indorsement
of the Kansas-Nebraska act, immediately after that great
measure of justice had become the law of the land. Listen
to the voice of Old Tammany in these resolutions:
"'1. Resolved, That we give our most hearty approval to
the provisions of the Nebraska and Kansas bills which as-
sert the great principles of self-government; that the capacity
of men to govern themselves does not depend upon their
places of residence; that, in the language of the first resolve
of the Baltimore platform, we " place our trust in the intelli-
gence, the patriotism, and the discriminating justice of the
American people," alike in the Territories and in the States;
that we approve the doctrine of congressional non-inter-
vention in its broadest sense, not only as right in itself, but
as most salutary in its consequences; that it is a doctrine
of peace, and has a direct tendency permanently to with-
draw from Congress and the Legislatures of the several
States the agitation of the slavery question, which must
otherwise frequently arise and always assume a sectional
and irritating character; that is a doctrine which commits
the question of slavery to the people who are directly to be
affected by it, and removes it from the hands of designing
men, who agitate it for their own objects in their own dis-
tricts, and without any intention or possibility of benefiting
the people of Nebraska and Kansas.' "
The following are extracts from the minority
report of the Committee on Credentials, made to
the Cincinnati Convention by Senator Bayard, of
Delaware, chairman of the Committee on Cre-
dentials, as reported in the Weekly Washington
Union of the 12th instant:
" In reference to this question of non-interference with
slavery, which became a cardinal principle with the Na-
tional Democrats, and which has been expressly recognized
as an essential principle of party faith by the present Na-
tional Convention, if we revert to the action of the two
sections of the New York Democracy in August, 1855, we
should have to pronounce without reference to any ques-
tion of regularity in the disruption in 1853, that the Hards
constituted the National Democracy, and the Softs the Free-
Soil Democracy of New York.
" The existence of the Democratic party of the Union, if
not that of the Union itself, became dependent upon the
establishment of the principle of non-interference; and in
this state of things the Hards held their State convention
at Syracuse on the 33d day of August, 1845, and the follow-
ing resolutions constitute their platform in relation to na-
tional questions:
"' Resolved, That we insert, as an article of our creed upon
the well-established doctrine of State rights, of a strict con-
struction of the Constitution, and the principle of non-inter-
vention upon all domestic State questions, and that the
peace and quiet of the country demand that it should te
left lo the people of the Territories, as it pertains to the
people of the States, to determine for themselves all local
questions—including the subject of slavery—to the end that
a subject so disturbing in its nature and influence may be
wholly excluded from the action of the Government of the
Union; and that, in furtherance of these principles, we
give our unqualified adherence to the Nebraska bill, and
oppose any effort to reestablish the Missouri prohibition.'
" The resolutions of the Hards, under which they went
into the State election in 1855, need no comment, and
vindicate the party fidelity of that section to the national
creed.
" The convention of the Softs was held at Syracuse on
the 29th of the same month of August. The two following
resolutions, passed atthat convention, evince too unmistak-
ably the then predominance of Free-Soil sentiments in the
Soil section to be denied or evaded:
" ' Resolved, That while the Democracy of this State will
faithfully adhere to all the compromises of the Constitution,
and maintain all the reserved rights of the States, they
deem this an appropriate occasion to declare their fixed
hostility to the extension of slavery into free territory.
. '"Resolved, That we regard the organization of bands of
armed borderers and their admission into the Territory of
Kansas, not as bona fide settlers, but for the forcible sub-
version of the rights of its legal electors, not only as a vio-
lation of the peace of the Union and the rights of the com-
munity assailed, but as distinctly subversive of the intent
of Congress, as declared in the bill organizing the said Ter-
ritories, to leave the people perfectly free to form and regu-
late their own domestic institutions in their own way, sub-
ject only to the Constitution of the United States; and that
all power of the Federal and territorial'governments should
be exerted to redress these outrages and vindicate the
rights of the people thereof.'
" With these resolutions, so entirely opposed to the De-
mocracy of the Union, the Softs went into the election of
1855, and must, as a party organization, be considered as
then contending for the principles they professed. If the
delegates of the Softs had been appointed at that conven-
tion it might be left to the opinion of this National Con-
vention to decide without argument whether a delegation
appointed by a party announcing such a political creed
; would have been entitled to admission. Had no change
| taken place in the party creed of the Soft section of the
Democracy, subsequent to August, 1855, it is scarcely to be
; doubted that the Committee on Credentials must have unan-
. imously rejected their claim to seats in the National Con-
I vention.
I " The State central committee of the Soft section called
| a special convention, however, in the month of January,
1856, at which the Soft delegates, now claiming seats, were
appointed, and it is freely admitted by the undersigned that
the resolutions adopted by that special convention accord
fully and substantially with the creed of the Democratic
party throughout the Union. Nor are we disposed to dis-
trust the sincerity with which those resolutions were
adopted, although, beyond all question, the political plat-
form ofthe New York Softs, as established in the conven-
tion of the 39th of August, 1855, was entirely altered by th«
adoption of the resolutions adopted by the special convenr
tion held in January last.
" Under this last profession of political faith, made un-
equivocally by the Softs for the first time in January, their
principles on national questions connected with slavery
became accordant with those of the Hards, and of the
Democracy of the Union ; and, conceding that the change
of platform was made in good faith, the undersigned were
perfectly willing to recognize the Softs, in the principles
avowed since last January, as National Democrats freed
from the taint of Free-Soilism."
I now read an extract from Mr. Bayard's re-
marks in the Cincinnati convention:
" Mr. President, one word more. I do not desire to dis-
cuss this question. I will not advert to the facts stated in
our report, and if the members of this convention will do
me the favor to read it they will see that the resolution
which I introduced informally has not one word reflecting
on the integrity of either section of the Democratic party
of New York. Itdrops the curtain over the past,and puts
them both on an equality; and if it is adopted, it will ex-
clude from that State everything like future contention,
unless they are both utterly unreasonable.
"We assume that both sections are equal in number, and
we put them both on an equal footing, because, and for
that reason alone, since the 9th of January, 1856, the Softs
have for the first time become the representatives of na-
tional sentiments coincident with the Hards and with the
National Democracy of the country—sentiments that were
yesterday reiterated and reaffirmed in our platform.
" This is the difference between the minority and the ma-
jority of the committee. We, the minority, were unwilling
to place the Hards in a position of inferiority, founded on
votes partly local and partly affected by the national prin-
ciples which the Hards maintained, and let the Softs take
the advantage of the vote they polled in 1855, when their
principles were directly antagonist] cal with those of the
Democratic party.
"We thought it best to waive all this, put both sections
on an equality, and let them stand before the convention
divided in such a manner that it would be equitable anjl
fair to both sides. If the convention approve this report,
it will have the effect, by recognizing neither exclusively
and showing no preference between them, to force them
into mutual concessions; and we may expect hereafter to
reap all the advantage which a union between these two
sections in their State will give as."
Hon. John C. Breckinridge, Democratic can-
didate for Vice President, made the following
remarks in Lexington, Kentucky, his home, in
response to the congratulations of his neighbors
on his having obtained the nomination made on
Monday, 9th June, published in the Washing-
ton Union of the 14th June:
" Upon the distracting question of domestic slavery their
position is equally clear. The whole power of the Demo-
cratic organization is pledged to the following propositions:
" That Congress shall not interfere upon this subject in
the States, in the Territories, or in the District of Columbia.
" That the people of each Territory shall determine the
question for themselves, and be admitted into the Union
upon a footing of perfect equality with the original States,
without discrimination on account of the allowance or pro-
hibition of slavery."
Mr. Buchanan, in his letter of acceptance, as
published in the Union of the 20th instant, says:
" The agitation of the question of domestic slavery has
too long distracted and divided the people of this Union,
and alienated their affections from each other. This agita-
tion has assumed many forms since its commencement, but
it now seems to be directed chiefly to the Territories; and,
judging from its present character, I think we may safely
anticipate that it is rapidly approaching a' finality.'"
Yes,sir," rapidly approaching a finality." Just
such a finality as tne Wilmot proviso would have
made, has this Nebraska bill, which is made the
test of Democratic faith, made of this question of
slavery. Who under itever expects to see another
slave State north or south of any line ? But to
return to the letter. Mr. Buchanan continues:
" The recent legislation of Congress respecting domestic
slavery, derived, as it has been, from the original and pure
fountain of legitimate political power, the will of the ma-
jority, promises ere long to allay the dangerous excitement.
This legislation is founded upon principles as ancient as
free government itself; and, in accordance with them, has
simply declared that the people of a Territory, like those of
a State, shall decide for themselves whether slavery shall,
or shall not, exist within their limits.
" The Nebraska-Kansas act does no more than give the
force oflawto this elementary principle of self-government;
declaring it to be ' the true intent and meaning of this act,
not to legislate slavery into any Territory or State, nor to
exclude it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof per-
fectly free to form and regulate their domestic institutions
in their own way, subject only to the Constitution of the
United States.' This principle will surely not be contro-
verted by any individual of any party professing devotion to
popular government."
