1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
There being no objection, the Notice was with,
drawn.
Mr. PHELPS. Then, Mr. Speaker, the cor-
rection of the Journal will take place without
any difficulty, and we can thus get rid of the
question. I suppose that the object of the gen-
tleman from New York in withdrawing the
notice wa%that the House might get rid of this
question of the amendment of the Journal; and
that, therefore, the Journal of Saturday will not
show any notice of the introduction of a bill.
Mr. MILLSON. The withdrawal of the no-
tice does not get rid of the question.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise for the purpose of asking
the consent of the House to have my vote on the
question of the amendment of the Journal trans-
ferred from the one side to the other. I wish
merely to state that, when I came in this morning,
that question was under consideration. I had
given no sort of attention to it. Indeed, when
the roll was commenced to be called I did not
know what the question was. Asking some
friends near me what the question was, I was,,
advised to vote in the affirmative—■ for the correct
tion of the Journal. I have since considered the
matter; and am not willing—if the House shall
give me leave to change it—to let my vote stand
in the affirmative. I am clearly of opinion that
all our proceedings in the House rest upon the
supposition that there is a quorum present, unless
some call of the House, or some procedure of the
House, manifests the contra^. I understand that
on Saturday there were no proceedings in the
House which showed that there was not a quorum
present. That fact only rests on the recollection
of members of the House, and would have to
be sustained on parol testimony, not upon the
Journal. And I say again, that that being the
case, I believe that all proceedings here go upon
the supposition that there is a quorum present.
Therefore, had I known all the circumstances, I
should have voted against the correctioix§f the
Journal; and I ask now that, as the vote will go
upon the Journal, although there was no quorum
present, I shall have the privilege of transferring
my name from the affirmative side to the negative
side of the questi«n.
There being no objection, Mr. Eocock's request
was acceded to.
The question recurred on Mr. Jones's motion
to amend the Journal.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understand
that the notice given for the introduction of the
bill on which the gentleman from Tennessee
founded his motion, has been withdrawn. That
being the case, I suppose it may be now in order
for me to renew my motion to go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. It is
manifest that there is a quorum present—-n ot a quo-
rum that can vote 011 questions of business; but
one that may go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. 1 understand that
there are present members who desire to address
the House. I therefore submit the motion that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, by
unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the petition and papers of William
Brown, in older to their presentauon to the Commissioner
of Pensions.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL AGAIN.
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to understand the
proposition of the gentleman from Missouri.
Docs he ask the unanimous consent of the House
to consider that portion of the Journal expunged
which is indicated by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee in his motion to amend? If so, I must
object. The question is still pending, and it must
be decided..
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that
the question on the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee is still pending.
Mr. WASHBURN. I understood that unan-
imous consent was given to the adoption of the
suggestion made by the gentleman from Missouri,
that the Journal stand corrected.
Mr. MILLSON. No, sir; I object to it. Unan-
mous consent, I believe, was not asked.
Mr. WASHBURN. I understood that it was.
The SPEAKER. The suggestion was made
by the gentleman from Missouri, but unanimous
consent was not asked.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
some gentlemen seem to put their opposition to
my proposition on the ground that the Journal of
Saturday last does not show that, on that day,
when the notice was handed to the Clerk, there
was not a quorum of members present. I was
here on that day, and I know the fact that there
was not a quorum. You, Mr. Speaker, know—
the Clerk, and every member who was then pres-
ent, kiK)w that there was not more than one
fourth of a quorum present. Gentlemen admit
that, if the Journal showed there was not a
quorum, then it would he right to correct the
Journal as I propose. Now, others may place
their votes on what ground they please; but for
myself I know there was not a quorum, and I
shall vote accordingly. 1 insist on the motion to
amend.
Mr. MILLSON. Is the question debatable ?
The SPEAKER. Inasmuch as the yeas and
nays have been taken on the question, and no
quorum voted, the Chair is of the opinion that
debate is thereby precluded.
Mr. MILLSON. I consider this an important
question. It is easier for the gentleman from
Tennessee to withdraw the motion to amend,
than to expunge the Journal by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, I thought a few
moments ago that there would be a general ac-
quiescence m the suggestion I then made. I was
of the belief that unanimous consent would be
granted for a correction of the Journal; that it
should not show any notice was given on Satur-
day, or any proceedings had on that notice on
yesterday or to-day; that all about this notice
would be erased. I hope there will be no objec-
tion now to that course being pursued.
Mr. MILLSON. I object decidedly. I regard
this as a proposition to expunge from the Journal
something that was done in the House; and I
therefore object.
Mr. HAVEN. The whole of this matter is
rather nice than wise. I wish to know what
will be the entry on the Journal of the proceedings
to-day o n my colleague's motion for leave to with-
draw his notice ? If that appears, then it would
^seem
that on the J ournal we are to fire off without
lany load to shoot with. How is the Journal to
be made up ? If the Journal be made up by en-
tering the fact of withdrawal, then it had better
say the notice was made the day before. But, as
I have already said, this is all rather nice than
wise.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will showthat,
in this day's session, the gentleman from New
York had leave to withdraw his notice. If the
House concur in the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee, then it will appear the Journal
of yesterday was corrected.
Mr. WASHBURN. The gentleman from New
York has withdrawn his notice, and I ask, in
order that the difficulty may be got rid of, that
the gentleman from Tennessee will withdraw his
motion, and by unanimous consent the Journal
stand corrected.
Mr. JONES. Vote on the question.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to call the attention
of those of our constituents who may read the
report of the proceedings of yesterday and to-day
to the following facts: Two weeks ago nearly,
it was agreed on all sides of the House that for
the ensuing ten days, which expired last Saturday
night, no business should be transacted, in order
that members of (he same political party with the
gentleman from Tennessee might be enabled to
attend their National Convention at Cincinnati;
and it was equally well understood that yesterday
morning business was again to be resumed. Now,
sir, yesterday and to-day members 011 this side
of the House have been anxious to go to work,
to attend to the business of the country, to go
into the Committee of the Whole, to do anything,
except wasting the time on ayes and noes and
motions to adjourn. There is a quorum here,
evidently, but many are paired off, and cannot,
vote, and hence the votes show an apparent lack'
of a quorum; and though the gentleman from
New York has withdrawn his notice of a bill, in
order to remove any pretext for this waste of time,
it is apparent that tho opposition to gomj: on with
business comes from a prominent member of the
same party for whose benefit the recent recess 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman from Indiana that he has stated, iii
reply to the gentleman from Virginia, that debate
on the pending motion is not in order.
Mr. COLFAX. I have said all that I intended
to; but did not hear the Chair's decision thai the
motion was not debatable.
Mr. JONES. The vote will show that there
was no quorum here to-day to do business.
Mr. LEITER. No good can come out of all
this, and I therefore move that the House do now
adjourn.
'fhe motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
House (at twenty-five minutes to two o'clock)
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 11, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PRESIDENCY OP THE SENATE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore (Mr. Stuart)
rose and said: Gentlemen of the Senate, when 1
assumed the duties of the Chair a few days since,
in obedience to a request of the then Presiding
Officer, and when, subsequently, the Senate of the
United States did me the honor of making me its
Presiding Officer by a vote, I of course felt grati-
fied for this manifestation of your confidence.
The object for which I assumed these functions
having been accomplished, it is alike my duty
and pleasure to resign the trust into the hands of
the Senate.
Mr. STUART left the chair, and from his seat
in the Senate Chamber said: Mr. Secretary, I
move that the Hon. Jesse D. Bright, Senator
from Indiana, be elected President pro tempore of
the Senate.
The Secretary put the question; and the mo-
tion was unanimously agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore (Mr. Bright)
took the chair, and thenrose and said: Senators,
I am placed under renewed obligations to the
members of this body for again appointing me
to preside over their deliberations; and in making
my grateful acknowledgments for so distinguish-
ed a mark of their favor, I beg to add that, in
requesting the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Stuart] to preside during my absence,
I but followed precedent after precedent to be
found in the Journal of the Senate's proceedings,
to two of which, with the permission of the Sen-
ate, I will briefly refer.'
On July the 8th, 1852, the following note wag
presented from Mr. King, then the President pro
tempore of tho Senate, addressed to the Hon.
David R. Atchison:
Jolt 7,1852.
My bear Sir : Will you do me the favor to preside over
the deliberations of the Senate to-morrow?
Very respectfully, WILLIAM R. KING.
The Journal ad'ds:
Mr. Atchison, by unanimous consent, took the chair.
On the day following, Mr. King addressed to
Mr. Atchison another note of a similar character:
My .dear Sir: Will you do me the favor to preside
over the Senate to-day?
With great respect, WILLIAM R. KING.
Mr. Atchison, by unanimous consent, resumed the chair.
I have referred to these two precedents, and
might refer to several others, but shall allude to
but one, which was as early as Wednesday,
March 23, 1842:
"Mr. King, of Alabama, took the eliatr at half past
twelve o'clock. He remarked that he had been requested
to do so by a note which he received from the President
jno tempore, who was detained at home by indisposition.
There was a rule, he believed, which required that in case
of the indisposition of the President he could designate any
Senator to occupy his place for one day.
uMr. Clay coincided with that construction of the
rule, and remarked that, when he pre&ided over the House,
he had acted under such interpretation of the rule."
In addition to those, there are other precedents,
when Mr. Southard, being President pro tempore
of the Senate, from day to day, for several weeks,
appointed various members of the Senate -to oc-
cupy the chair. , ,
In requesting my friend from -Michigan to
occupy the chair for two or three^sittings, I cer-
tainly did not intend to assume, in the slightest
