[June SI,
34¥A G8N6.-.;.1st SESS.
Tht tHActWrititi f*bttYor?n—Mr. VaHiti.
Ho. of Reps.
,HtfW tie fltjft the EfiWilrfer and th6 Yitgihm
{Democracy over the knubkies:
" BWWfefe, How t-din and iliilsbiy tmM artr ofaet flrln-
TMe drove in practice in regard to the Territories! This
« the feet admitted by all. ftiat, after k Ter-
"rtMrvsllhll have entered the Union, ana-become a ante, no
Constitutional power would then fexist Which cotllll (rfCVerlt
ft from either abolishing or establishing shivery, as tlie cue
-nay be, according to its sovereign Will WW JMeasute."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
•#W)m Virginia will allow me, 1 will ask him a
Hjaestion. I understand him to express his opinion
"mat the doctrine of squatter sovereignty is in the
Nebraska bill, It recognizes the same power in
the people of a Territory as in a State, subject
only to the control of the Constitution of the
United States. Now, Will the gentleman tell me
ih H^ha't j4 rt of'the Cohstithtidn the distinction is
made between the people of a State and the people
■of a Territory, in this rfSpect?
. Mr. CARLILE. I will tell the gen tletrmn. Thfe
'Constitution of the United States prescribes the
■powers of the Federal Government. The Federal
Government has no power exc*pt what it derives
TBttm the Constitution of the United States; and
is therefore a Government of limited powers. The
Constitution recognizes slavery, and requires
that the fhaster shall be protected ih the posses-
sion of his slaves. I therefore hoJd that the Con-
gress of the United States cannot properly 3is-
■charge its doty under the Constitution unless it
protects the owner of a stove who ifcay be tm
inhabitant of a Territory, tthi'ch Territory is
ihe common property of the States, in the posses-
eifcn of his property against amy act of the Terri-
torial Legislature going to ex chide, prohibit, or
'destroy slavery.
Mr. ftlCHARDSO#.
Would the gentleman
vote for a man who would take a different view
YfOm that taken bv him ?
Mr. CAKLILE. I ask thegefttleihan-frhetlier
lie would vote for a man who took a different
view from him of the Cincinnati platform ? But
1 am tiot hferfe to say what I would do in the fhtute.
1 have advocated what I have been taught to con-
sider Democratic truths. I cannot say what the
Democracy of Virginia will do under the lead of
the gentleman from Illinois and his northern as-
sociates. When I see what the Jackson Democ-
racy of my State will do, it Will be time enough
for me to answer.the gentleman's interrogatory.
_ Mr .Chairman, before the meeting of the Cin-
cinnati Convention, we were told that We were to
have none but a man good and true as its nom-
inee—either a southern man or a northern man
covered with the scars (to use the language, of
the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Keitt)
of the Nebraska fight. Hear the Democratic
Recorder, published in Fredericksburg, Virginia:
"Wi do ribt tfrfsh tobeuMerfctbOd as detracting frota tire
tWerits or WrTtard FilllttOre. He proved himself tnte to Hie
Constitution, and is entitled to the confidence of the Hoith..
" If ice elect a President who did not participate in the
Mrhggle for the Nebraska hilt, it will obviously be no signal
frimnph of file principles of that bill; aitd at the end of four
fears kewill retire from office, tearing the fanatical agitation
of the slavery qaesttxm not orily Unappecaed, but exasperated
M a tenfold degree. Let the couth no longer compromise
tod temporize with this question, butmafch opto it boldly,
fearlessly, resolutely, and settle itnow arid forever. If we
must Bin-render onr right to the selection of one of our own
eons, the South witt never be content save with the nomin-
ation of one who breasted the utorm of fanaticism, and
TOrfc gaimrtJv ilbft, Atotd tfre'fnnfefie tffttfMtlfrtnigti tolieli
Mr cortititmfOMd aWeshavebeteii caflliSd to pttab,1 thfr banner
or State rights- and State sovereignty.
* " .T.bis is our objection to Buchanan. He mCT be true to
its principles, but he has befen removed froin the scene of
action. and is'nat cotatoitted to its strttpbrt, <?xctept by d'e-
■ ^ufesehce. We prtfer an' aetbr interest is raetitffied
with the maintenance alid principles df the bill. Oim
objection cannot be removed by the btiildine up a vlat-
JSuctoMMnt %f. MottJk mM walk
|tpM aHyjtloXfi)rni far the Presidency. We are riot Willitig
tc ftn-nisih a jflaiflc, hoover datttiw, tt> the Anti-Nebraska
Pemocrats^ who Are found Wantlngin die Boutfof otir need,
fo rettthi upbh it. The nWnrtntttion at this time wottM, We
tmirtc, furnish this plank, and we S're sustained iii the
qp&lroh, by the feet that hU watihestfriers Hi WaMnHtm
irte the rASn with the mark M6n tketr brotto. Such m&n as
Trumbull, of Illinois, as mirrrtrst^r. Of BccH-
If such men aeTRtrHBtrtt, of Illinois, made him
drstrostful theh, what think you is his condition
how, with Bfenton, of Missouri, John Van Buren,
of New York, and the rest of the Free-Soil sup-
porter* of Martin Van Buren in 1848, standing
cheek by jtnfrl with hiiti on th'e same platform,
and laboring to accomplish the saine purjtoSe, to
1 "vtrit: th*6 election dif Bu'chimah,ih order that the
| spoils may be enjoyed four years longer?—no mat-
i ter where'the country may go in the mean time.
I Sih, instead of ftppropridting to themselves the
I iime-lionote'd name of'Democrat, that c6nvention
I at Cincinnati,composed as it was of Free-Soilers,
! old-line Whigs, Fillibusteros, and ft few Demo-
i crats who Still cling to the name after the princi-
; pie has been thrown overboard—would have con-
| veyed to the public much more clearly their dis-
tinguishing characteristic, as ah organization, if
! they had Cftlled themselves the party of seven
principles—'' the "five loaves and two little fishes.''
Sir, when JVIr. Bayard was reading to that
Convention the report from which I have read
extracts, and sobfautting the remarks to Which I
have referred, no voice was heard from the Vir-
ginia delegation in that body, protesting against
the power d&ittied under the Nebraska bill for
the inhabitants Of aTerritory, notwithstanding all
that had been said prior to the convention upon
, that subject, by the Enquirer and kindred prints.
Think you that the Virginia Democracy will
I acquiesce, as did their delegates in convention?
No, sir, never. They are not Democrats merely
because of the name, but because of the great
constitutional ttHft COtrsferVdtive truths of their
original party creed. Virginians have too much
rrttelftgfencfe to "be dBcritra by the retentioh of a
fca-ftifeafter the frhiciplfe has been discarded. But,
say the Hdvofeates' of the Cincinnati nominations,
this is to be a contest bet#een Mr. Buchanan j
and the nominee of thfe Black Republican party; j
" Mr. Fillmore is not ih the ring." Sir, the So- I
called Democrats and Black Republicans have for |
months been labeling to create such an impres- 1
sion. " The wish is father to the thought;"and
thfey underrate the intelligence of the American I
people When they shppose So shallow a device
can.deceive. There is not a sane man from Maine !
to Texas who believes in his heart that Mr. Fre-
mont, the nominee of the Black Republican party,
Will carry a sih£Ie felectfrtal district in the United
States, except, perhaps, the one represented on
this floor by the senior irteiftber from Ohio, [Mr.
Ginciircs.] The So-called Democratic and Black
Republfcari parties are laboring for the same 6nd;
each wishes to anite its section upon its nomi-
BteiS. 8upp< te they were to accomplish their
purpose: -vVrrtit follows ? The division of the peo-
ple of this country, by a geographical line, into
sectional parties, each in hostile array to the
other. That accomplished, what follows? How
long, think you, the Union would last?
Sir, if the Cincinnati platformists are allowed
to succeed in this canvass, sectionalism with all
its evils will run riot over the land. May I not
well Say, in the language of Mr. Madison before
quoted, that they are a faction warring against
the best interests of their country. Sir, this is to
be a contest between Mr. Buchanan on the one
side, and Mr. Fillmore oh the other; between the
triumph of Free-Soilism under the guise of squat-
ter sovereignty, as asserted in the Nebraska bill;
civil war, as witntefiStefl m Karts&s; bitter sec-
tional strife, as is exhibited daily upoh the floors
of Congress, as well as in every part of our once
qttfet and happy fend on the one hand; and peace
with all its bfessingfe ftt htfrhte—pea'ce -With all its
attendant advantages abroad, a faithful mainte-
nance of the constitutional rights, and a due ob-
tervattce of the constitutional obligations of and
hy the Tfrhote COittitry North, South, East, and
West on the other. In short, you have destruct-
ive radicalism, with foreign and domestic strife,
on the 6ne sitfeyattttsate, honorable conservatism,
With foreign dhd domestic qtiiet, on the other.
Mr. Chairman,, it has been, and still is, the
habit of the anti-American party, or, as they call
theftiSfelvies, the Democratic party, Of my Section
of the State, to charge the party of which f am
I proud to say I am an humble member with abo-
litionis'm, or at least to attribute to it unsoundness
I tipori the siaVery question, and to clairh that their
I party is the only party to which the interests of
the shareholding States could be safely confided.
This assertion they promised to verify in the
person of their nominee for the Presidency. Well,
sir, the Cincinnati Convention has met and ad-
journed, and James Buchanan, of Pennsylvania,
w their riottinee. How was He nominated ? He j j
i-e'eeived, dpsh flW ftrtft ballot, oH8 hundred ttild !l
bne voteS from the non-slaveholding States, and
but thirty-four votes, all told, from the slave-
holding States. The famous two-thirds rule, in
which the South has been taught to believe rested
her security, faaS virtually repealed. This was
effected, as was the nomination of Buchanan, by
the pressure of these northern allies of this sound
Democratic party. Yes, sir, I regret that it is so.
regret that it so appears; but such is the fact,
the South, rather than risk the loss of the spoils,
yielded, in an evil hour I fear, to the northern
pressure; and united in the nomination of a man
tfrho, SHth Martin Van Buren, acknowledges the
constitutional power in Congress to abolish slave-
ry in the District of Columbia—a man who has
maintained his political consistency, so far as i
have been able to learn, after a patient and dili-
gent examination of several days, upon but two
subjects, the one in his advocacy of a protective
tariff, the other is his opposition to slavery. That
I may not do him injustice, I give extracts from
his record, beginning in the year 1819,and ending,
as Mr. Irving sayS, in a speech delivered while in
England:
A .Question of Ve?ucitv.—It will be remembered that
the Hon. Henry M. Filfler, in his late speech in Congress,
charged home upon the friends of Mr. Buchanan, that that
gentleman had acted as a member of a committee, appointed
at a meeting held in Lancaster city, in November, 1819,
which had reported a series of resolutions, declaring that
, Congress possessed the constitutional power to exclude
slavery from the Territories, and calling upon it to exercise
that power.
This charge was answered by Hon. J. Glancy Jones, of
Berks, by an authoritative denial, that Mr. Buchanan had
acted as chairman of that committee! a charge not made
by Mr. Fuller; Silt Mr. Jones also, in a similar authorita-
tive manner, denied that Mr. Buchanan had been present at
tjhe meeting, or knew anything of the resolutions until they
were published in the public journals. According to Mr.
Jones'b own showing, Mr. Buchanan must have afterwards
seen them in print, and, fhilmg to repudiate them as his
own, they must ot course be regarded as expressive of the
views he then held fiimseif.
But we have now positive evidence to contradict ijjlr.
Jones, and fully to sustain the whole charge made by Mr.
Fuller; and we boldly and fearlessly assert, defying Mr.
Jones, or any other friend of Mr. Buchanan, successfully to
meet and contradict the assertion, that James Buchanan
did attend that metting, served as one of the committee on
resolutions, consisting only of three persons, retired and
deliberated With fiis colleagues, and did, what is not now
usual in such cases, along with his colleagues, $jgn, with
his own naiqe, th^report of the .committee. Of all this
there is abundant evidence ; Eut for the present tfe content
oinrselves By submitting the following, verified by the cer-
tificates of one of our notary publics:
Oppaiition to SUtvSry.
Lancaster, Pa., NovmScr 27,1619.
At a large and enthusiastic meeting of citizens, held in
the court-house in the city of Lancaster, oil Tuesday, the
24thinstant, convened pursuant to public notice, calling on
them to take into consideration and to consult on such
measures as may best tend to prevent the introduction of
slavery into any Territory or State hereafter to be formed
or admitted intp the Union,
, The Hon. Walter Franklin was called to the chair, and
William Jenkins appointed secretary.,
The object of the meeting being fully explained, it was
moved and seconded that a committee of three persons be
appointed to frame resolutions expressive of the sense of
the present meeting.
Thereupon, James Hopkins, James Buchanan, and Wil-
liam Jenkins were appointed a committee for that purpose,
and made a report as follows:
Whereas, the people of this State. pursqing the maxims
and aiiimated By the benefieertee or tlie great founder of
Pennsylvania, fiftt gave effect to the gradual abolition of
slavery by a national act, which has not only rescued the
tfnhappy and helpless African within their territory from
the demoralizing influence of slavery, but ameliorated his
state and condition throughout Europe and America:
And whereas, it would illj comport with these humane
and Christian efforts to be silent spectators when this great
cause of humanity is about to be agitated in Congress by
fixing the destiny of the new domains of the United States:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Representatives in Congress from this
district be, And they are hereby, most earnestly requested
to use their utmost endeavors, as members of the National
Legislature, to prevent the existence of slavery in any of
the Territories or new States which may be erected by Con-
gress.
Resolved, As the opihion of tliis meeting, that, as the Le-
gislature of this State will shortly be in session, it will be
highly deserving their wisdom and patriotism to take into
their early and most serious consideration the propriety of in-
structing our Representatives in the National Legislature
to use the most zealous and strenuous exertions to inhibit
the existence of slavery in ahy of the Territories or States
which may hereafter be created by Congress ; and that the
members of Assembly from this county be requested to em-
bface the earliest opportunity of bringing the subject before
both Houses of the Legislature.
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this meeting, the mem-
bers of Congress who, at the last session, sustained the
cause of justice, humanity, and patriotism, in opposing tlie
lhttoduetiori of slavery into the State then endeavored to
