1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Chair only stated what resolution had been
reported by the Committee of Elections, and was
now before the House. Whether the Committee
of Elections have complied with the instructions
of the House is, in the opinion of the Chair, not
a question of order for the Chair to decide. It is
a question for the House to determine. The
House committed certain resolutions to the Com-
mittee of Elections. That committee have re-
ported one resolution; whether that be in accord-
ance with the instructions of the House is not a
question for the Chair to decide.
Mr. COBB. The point of order I make is, that
when the report of the committee comes back
here, recommending the adoption of this resolu-
tion, it brings necessarily with it the propositions
committed to them by the House. The com-
mittee simply report their recommendation that
the resolution appended to their report be adopted
by the House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman appeal
from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. COBB. Yes, sir, I appeal.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will state
the question of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire, with
the permission of the Chair and of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] to make a single re-
mark. There were no instructions by the House
to the Committee of Elections to report back
oither one of these resolutions. Two resolutions
were before the House; they were committed to
the Committee of Elections. That committee
had no instructions, except to report the reason
for the adoption of one of them. It was the
unanimous opinion of the committee that they
had the right to report back either one or both of
the resolutions. They were instructed only to
report the reasons or grounds for one of them.
Why, sir, in many cases, a dozen bills are re-
ferred to a committee on a particular subject;
but if there are no instructions, it is understood
that they may report back one or more of them.
They are not required to report them all back, and
they never do.
It seems to me that the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Cobb] is mistaken altogether in regard to
the history of this matter.
Mr. COBB. I based my statement upon the
statement of facts made by the Chair. The
question presented is simply whether a committee,
having a bill or resolution referred to them, have
the right to report a new bill or resolution, instead
of reporting back what was referred to them?
Mr. WASHBURN. At the time when this
commitment was made, the question was raised
in the House as to the effect of that commitment.
The question was asked distinctly what would be
the effect? I read from the Congressional Globe:
u Mr. Washburn. As I understand it, the original res-
olution reported by the Committee of Elections, together
with tho.se instiuctions suggested by the gentleman fiom
Gcoigia, are to be recommitted; also, the resolution pro-
posedbythegentleman from Indiana asa substitute. These
together are to be lecommitted, if this vote prevails.
"The Speaker. That is so.
"Mr. Orr. And then the House can determine, when
the committee reports again, what direction it will' take;
whether powei shall be confided to the Committee of Elec-
tions, or whether it shall he. given to commissioners.
Mr. Washburn. And, asl understand, it is competent
for the committee to report on either branch, cither way."
That was the understanding upon the part of
the House at the time. Both of the resolutions
were to be sent to the committee, but the com-
mittee were to have the right to report upon either
or both of them, as they might see fit. The only
instructions, as I have said, were for them to re-
port the reasons or grounds why they were in
favor of one of them.
Mr. DUNN. I will ask the Clerk again tore-
port the instructions made to the committee.
The Clerk read the instructions from the Jour-
nal of the House.
Mr. DUNN. Then, Mr. Speaker, the com-
mittee could take 110 further action in regard to
the matter that was committed to them than is
expressly dircctcd in the instructions. Now,
what arc the instructions ? That they shall
report, the reasons, and the reasons alone—not
a resolution. They were not permitted to sup-
press anything. They wore simply to report the
reasons or grounds for a certain course of action.
Suppose there were half a dozen bills referred
to a committee upon one or a dozen different
subjects, and it were important to obtain some
information in reference to one or all of these bills,
and the committee having the bills referred to them
to examine were instructed to investigate and
report upon the facts in regard to the "subjects
referred to, would it be understood that it would
be right, when they had finished their investiga-
tion and reported the facts, to suppress any one
or all of these bills, and report a new one in their
place ?
The object in referring those bills to the com-
mittee is to direct their attention to the subject on
which they are to make inquiry. That was the
object of referring these resolutions to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and they are only to report
the facts concerning them, mentioned in the in-
structions. These resolutions come back natu-
rally and properly before the House. The reso-
lution before the House is the original resolution
referred to the Committee of Elections and the
amendment. They were not called on to report
any further resolutions. The resolutions them-
selves were merely referred to them with instruc-
tions to inquire into the subject about which they
were to ascertain, and to report the facts and the
reasons. They were then to return to this House
what had been committed to their care with the
reasons of their original recommendation.
Mr. DAVIDSON. It seems to me, that if the
Chair would look for a moment at the question as
it is presented, he would come to a different con-
clusion from the one he has indicated. Let me
suggest this as a reason: when these resolutions
were first reported by the Committee of Elections,
the House might have been in favor of adopting
the resolution, but for the fact of the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Dunn.] Therefore, seeing that there were two
methods of obtaining the information sought to be
obtained—one by sending fur persons and papers,
and the other by sending a commission to Kan-
sas—the House instructed the Committee of
Elections to take up the whole matter and report
simply the reasons which induced them to ask for
the extraordinary power of sending for persons
and papers, when the result could be obtained by
sending a commission. It seems to me, therefore,
that for the Chair to decide that this proposition,
offered as an amendment, does not now come up
for consideration, is to defeat the whole objectof
the House in sending the matter to the committee.
Mr. GIDDING3. It is very ramly that I rise
to a question of older, but this question appears
to me to be so plain that it cannot be misunder-
stood. The report from the Committee of Elec-
tions was for power to send for persons and
papers. That report was recommitted by the
House to that committee. When it was recom-
mitted it stood before that committee as though
it had never been made. I cannot comprehend
gentlemen when they say that that report was to '
come back in the form in which it was sent to the
committee. Nu such instructions were sent to
the committee. They were only instructed to
report their reasons for requesting at the hands
of the House the adoption of the resolution grant-
ing power to send for persons and papers. There
were no instructions sent to the committee to
report back the resolution of the gentleman from
South Carolina. The resolution, when recom-
mitted, was taken under consideration by the
committee as though it had never been reported.
They reported the resolution back, with their
reasons for asking its adoption, as they had been
instructed.
When the report was made, as it now stands,
it was then time for the gentlemen to take the
exception to it which they now state. If there
be any principle of parliamentary law more known
and better established than another, it is that
every movement shall be forward to the consum-
mation of the particular question under consider-
ation. When this report was made, on the 5th
of March, gentlemen discussed the propriety of
having it printed, and so forth. I read from the
Globe:
"Mr. Hickman. I am instructed by the Committee of
Elections to submit a report in the contested-election ease
of the Territory of Kansas. I am also further instructed to !
ask that this repoit be read and ordered to be printed ; and
I will then move that the further consideration of it be post-
poned until to morrow, at one o'clock, and that it be made
the special order for that time.
"Mr. Orr. I hope the gentleman will not insist upon
having the document read. It is very long, and it is much
better that it be printed, so that gentlemen may have an
opportunity of reading it
" Mr. Hickman. I shall persist in asking that the report
be read.
" Mr. Phelps. There is now no motion pending, except
as to the disposition of the report sent to the Clerk's talile.
" The Speaker. There is no motion pending at this time
except that."
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
—to use a word of frequent recurrence in the
speeches of the other side of the House—is
"estopped" from taking exceptions now, when
he did not avail himself of the opportunity to do
so when the report was submitted. The pica
in abatement comes with ill grace after we hav*6
had fourteen days' discussion on the merits of the
resolution. We cannot be asked now with any
propriety to go back to where we stood on the
5th day of March last. The whole subject was
discussed at the presentation of the report, and,
if gentlemen failed to take exception then they
are forever precluded. The report is still open
to amendment, but it is not open to exception;
that is the distinction we make. Nothing can be
plainer than it is. It is with some diffidence that
1 rise in opposition to the learned gentlemen op-
posite; but I do insist that, in parliamentary pro-
ceedings, when a step is taken it is forward and
not backward.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question as presented by the gentlemen from
Georgia. That gentleman rose to inquire what
question was before the House. The Chair re-
plied, that it was first on the motion to recommit
with instructions, and then on the resolution
reported from the Committee of Elections. The
Chair understands the gentleman to appeal from
that decision, on the ground that the amendment
made by the gentleman from South Carolina, on
a former occasion, is properly before the House,
and a subject of its action. The Chair decides
in the negative on that point, on the ground that,
as that resolution, or amendment, was committed
to the Committee of Elections by order of the
House, and as that committee has not reported,
it back, it is not now, therefore, a question before
the House. The Chair decides, not with refer-
ence to the instructions, but in accordance with
the facts. The resolution was not reported back,
and is not, therefore, a question for the House.
Whether the committee has complied with the
instructions of the House the Chair does not
undertake to determine.
Mr. COBB. As the House has refused to sus-
tain the previous question, although my opinion
is entirely unchanged in reference to the question
of order, and opportunity will be presented of
offering the resolution as an amendment, upon
which I desire an opportunity to vote, 1 withdraw
my appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ask leave to
have read a decision on a similar question of order.
The Clerk read as follows;
" Mr. Phillips then submitted his question of order itt
writing, as fohow.s:
"Can a committee, especially instructed to report two
resolutions, the form of which was given by the House, ro-
port another resolution changing the mles and orders 01 the
House in regard to the management of its business, and
depriving citizen* of the privilege of obtaining the u&ua!
consideration for petitions upon subjects other than that
referred to the committee?
" The Speaker stated that the point raised could not b«
considered as a question of order to be decided by the Chair;
that it was not within the competency of the Speaker to
draw within the vortex of order questions relating to tfie
juiisdiction of committees of the House; that it was for
the House, and not for the Speaker, to decide whether
committees had exceeded the powers or jurisdiction con-
ferred upon them by the House; and if, 111 the opinion of
the House, they had done so. it may be a fit ground for the
rejection of their report by the House, but not within the
competence of the Speaker to suppress, as if it were against
order."
Mr. COBB. Read the report of the commit-
tee.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us know something of
the inception of that case.
The SPEAKER. The report was not made
at that day's session, and is not, therefore, in im-
mediate connection with the decision.
Mr. COBB, in that case, as I understand it,
the committee reported their new resolution as
an amendment; that I do not question.
The SPEAKER. It was reported as an ori-
ginal and independent resolution.
Mr. COBB. That depends on the report of the
committee; and as that is not before the House
I cannot judi;e of the question. For the reason
I have stated, I withdraw the appeal which I took
frora ths Chair's decision.
