1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
The SPEAKER. The Chair must state to the
gentleman that a question of order is the only
question the Chair is authorized to decide. A
motion to reconsider the vote whereby the House
refused to insist on its disagreement is not in
order, inasmuch as this vote was taken under the
call for the previous question; and as the House
has since voted to adhere to its disagreement, it
would be necessary first for the House to recon-
sider its vote adhering, and that question has
been disposed of.
Mr. MILLSON. That is what I want to put
to the Chair, whether the House is precluded from
reconsidering the vote refusing to insist?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of that opin-
ion.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask the gentleman from
New York to withdraw that motion.
Mr. WHEELER withdrew the motion.
Mr. DAVIDSON. If there be no objection I
will very briefly explain the cause of the bill from
the Senate which is upon the Speaker's table.
The bill niakiug appropriations for certain civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1857, passed this House at the
last session and went to the Senate, where a large
number of amendments were attached to it. When
the hill was returned to tins House, the House
disagreed to the amendments of the Senate. A
committee of conference was appointed; that com-
mittee made a report, which was adopted, and the
bill was then passed. During the last hours of
the session neither the Committee on Enrolled
Bills nor the clerks had time fully to examine the
mattei; in the hurry and confusion of business,
two of the amendments of the Senate — one for
the marine hospital at Cincinnati, and the other
making an appropriation for the improvement of
the battery, &c., at San Francisco—were left out
of the bill as engrossed and presented to the Pres-
ident. The bill from the Senate corrects this
mistake. And now, sir, I appeal to the gentle-
man from South Carolina, and my friends on this
side of the House to withhold objection. Let us
always do that which is just and right. I ask to
take up the Senate bill and put it on its passage.
Mr. ORR. I interposed objection because on
yesterday I ex]^ressed the desire that the House
would take up no other business than the Army
appropriation bill. I supposed then that that
bill would be finished yesterday, or at furthest
to-day, but at present the indication is that it will
not be finished for many days. I have no doubt
the House will be under the necessity of proceed-
ing: to-morrow with general legislation. I will
not now, however, waive my objection to the con-
sideration of any other busines than the Army
appropriation bill, if my single objection will
prevent such consideration.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. fl. MARSHALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from New York has precedence, because it
fixes the day to which the House shall adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. And on that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Wheeler's
motion; and it was decidcd in the negative—yeas
8, nays 162; as follows:
YE \S — Messrs. Denver, EuPtis, Orr, Phelps, Thoring-
ton V.iil, Wheeler, and Dam*'! 13. Wright—8.
\AVri — Me&M'*'. Aiken, Ak^rs. Albright, Allison, Bar-
boui, iiiirelav, Beit, Henry Beuueu, Hundley S, Bemjcxt,
n. 11. „ ^ i.... . 1 i i ^ li j \ri
V it-KlC. lluil- < . Litiu viiuu,   5    ,
Cobb, \\ llhain-ou R \V. Cobb, Col'ax. tovode.
Cox Cia-nn Cs.u,To Cawfoid, CuUen, Cumbaek, Damrell,
i)avid-oiK rk-myrYVuUoi Daws. Ttmoihy JXivi-, Doan,
i)e Witt,' Dirk. rheKXin, Dodd, Dow aell, Duiiee, r.riie,
Edmimci.-on LUhoir, Emne, Etheudae, Faulkner, Flagler,
Florence Thomas J. D. Fulln. Guiding*, Gilbert, Gooue,
Uransei, Gmw, ltobt rt B. Hall, Hailan, Sampson U • Hiu-
^Thomas L- Ham*.. HtHtmau. Uoliowav. I homas K.
Hortoa, Houston, Howard. Huston, Jwtt, Oeoijre \ ..
Jono, J. Glancy Jone^, Kelly, Ivuiweil, King, Knapp,
Kmsilir, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Lake. Louei. Letcher,
Lindloy, Lumpkin, Ma.'e, Matte-un. McCarty, McAIulliii,
McQueen, Kilhau Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Moipan,
Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andiew Oliver,
: Packer, Parker, Peck, Peiton, Pennington, Pettit, Pike,
Poiter, Powell, Prmgle, Purviance, Quitman, Ricaud,
Ritchie, Iii vers, Roberts, Robison,Ru£5n, Ru^t, Sage, San-
didge, Sapp, Savage, Seott, Seward, Shorter, Simmons,
Samuel. A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, Stephens, Seward. Stranahan, Talbott,
Taylor, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Trippe, Valk, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbridge, Walker, Warner, ElJihu B. Wash-
burne, Welch, Williams, Window, Wood, Woodruff,
Woodwoith, ahd John V. Wright—16*2.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ORR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 33, nays 108; as follows;
TEAS—Messrs. Barksdale, Henry Bennett, Bilhnghurst,
Clingman, Comms, Davidson, Dean, Denver, Grow, Har-
lan, Sampson W. Harris, Houston, Kidvvell, Lake, Mace,
Humphrey Marshall, MeMullin, Smith Miller, Mott, Orr,
Pnelps, Pike, Powell, Ritchie, Sapp, Savage, William
Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stephens, Tuppan, Vail, Waldron,
and Walker—S3.
NAVS — Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Albright, Allison, Bar-
bour, Barclay, Bell, Ueridley S. Bennett, Benson, Bing-
ham, Bliss, Iiocock, Boycc, Branch, Brooks, Broom, Cad-
walader, James H. Campbell,. John P. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Caskte, ChatTeo, Bayard Claike, Ezra Clark,
CIdWaon, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Covode, Cox, Cragin,
Craige. Crawiord, Cumbaek,DamreII, Ileiuy Winter Davis,
Timothy Davi^, Dick. Dodd, Dowdell, Elliott, Emrie, Flag-
ler, Floiencc, Goode, Granger. Robert B. Hall, J. Morrison
Harris, Haveu, Hickman, Hoffman, flollowav, Thomas It.
Horton, Howard. Hughston, Jcwett, George W. Jone^s, J.
Glancy Jones, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Matteson, MeCartv, Mc-
Queen, Kilhan Miller, Millson. Morgan, Morrill, Murray,
Noiton, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Parker, Peck, Peiton,
Pettit, Prmgle. Purviance, Roberts, Rufiin, Scott, Sewaid,
Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, Stanton. Stewart, Sttanahau,
Talbott, Taylor, Todd, Trippe, Valk, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbridgp, Cadwalader C. WashbuTie, Welch, Williams,
Wood, WoodiufF. Woodvvorth, Daniel B. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zolhcoffer— 108.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise
for the purpose of submitting a proposition to
the House. It is done without consultation with
anybody. I move that we proceed to the consid-
eration of the business on the Speaker's table, in
order to take up and pass the joint resolution from
the Senate for the partial suspension of the 21st
rule. When that resolution is adopted we will
have the Army appropiiation bill before us in the
exact condition in which it was when on Monday
last the Speaker's hammer fell, and the House
was adjourned without day. Two votes will
then show whether the bill is to pass, or be again
buried.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to the motion.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House take
a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
Mr. QUITMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. MATTESON. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. Q/UTTMAN. 1 withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The House haying ex-
pended one hour in the call of committees for
reports, a motion to proceed to business upon the
Sneaker's table is in order.
'Mr. COBB. Then I make that motion.
Mr. STEPHENS. I think it is very apparent
to the House that we can do nothing to-night,
and therefore I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. MATTESON. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. What has become of my
motion to take a recess?
The SPEAKER. It was objected to.
Mr. SAGE. 1 renew the proposition of the
gentleman from Virginia, to take a recess until
seven o'clock.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to it.
The SPEAKER As objection is made, the
motion is out of order. The pending motion is,
that the House proceed to the business upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. SAGE. I demand the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. Olttt. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SAGS. I renew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. MATTESON. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 34, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barksdale, Billmsliuret, Bocoek, Boyee,
Brad^liaw, Cadwalader, Clingman, (Iowel! Cobb, Comins,
Davidson, Hemy Winter Davis, Elliott, Goode, Harlan,
Sampson W. Harris, Houston, George W. Jones, Lake,
Alexander K. Marshall, Smith Miliar, Mott, Phelps, Pow-
ell, Ritchie, Rivers, Rust, Savage, Willinm Smith, Sneed,
Spmner, Thorington, Walker, Eilihu B. Washburne, and
John V. \Vri«Ilt—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Albright, Allison, Bar-
bour, Barclay, Henry Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett, Ben-
son, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Brooks, Broom, Burnett,
James H. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Caskie, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Claw-
son, Williamson E. W. Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Cra-
gin, Craige, Crawford, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis,
Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Ed-
mundson, Emrie, Erheridge, Flagler, Florence, Gilbert,
Granger, Grow, J. Mornson Hairis, Hoffman, Rolioway,
Thomas R. Horton, Howard, Hughston, J. Glancy Jones,
Kelly, Kelsey, King, Knapp, ICnigbt, Knowlton, Knox,
Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Matteson, McCarty, -McQueen,
Millson, Milhvaid, Moigan, Morrill, Norton, Pinker, Pen-
nington, Pettit, Prmgle, Purviance, Ricaiul,Roberts, Ruffin,
Sage, Sandtdge, Sapp, Scott, Shoiter, Simmons, Stanton,
Stewart, Stranahan, Talbott, Tappan, Thurston, Todd,
Trafton, Tiippe, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Waibridge,
Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wheeler, Wmslow, Wood, Woodruff, Woodwoitii, and
Zollieoffer—lt)9.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. PHELPS. I discover that a great many
gentlemen are now absent who have voted against
an adjournment, and in order to compel their
attendance I move that there be a call of the House.
Mr. MATTESON. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
when the House adjourns it adjourn to meet on
Tuesday next.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman from Illinois
will withdraw that motion until we can take some
steps by which the absentees can be brought in.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I withdraw the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
that there be a call of the House.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I was opposed to an
adjournment of the House, until 1 saw that it
was utterly impossible to wind up this session of
Congress to-day. With a full conviction that we
cannot do so,'I move that the House do now
ad |Ourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. With the permission of the
House, the Chair would suggest that the officers
of the House, from incessant labor, are unable to
continue the call of the roll; and he would ask,
if there be no objection, that business be sus-
pended for half an hour.
No objection being made, the House took a
recess for half an hour.
At the expiration of the recess, on motion of
Mr. Haven, (at four o'clock and forty-five min-
utes,) the House adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, Jlugust 23, 1856.
The J ourna! of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of
the United States, transmitting a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the balances re-
maining in the Treasury from the last appropria-
tions for the support of the Army; which, on
motion of Mr. Weller, was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the indul-
gence of the Senate for a few moments, Mr. Pres-
ident, to a question of privilege. It is the first
time I have ever found it necessary to do so, and
I hope it will be the last. My attention was
called yesterday to a paper—the Ledger—printed
at Philadelphia, purporting to contain a speech
of the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull.] In the speech as reported, I find
terms applied to me which are discourteous, un-
kind, and personally offensive. When 1 saw tile
report of the speech, I confess that I was greatly
astonished in the first place. On reflection, I came
to the conclusion that it was impossible it could
