189&1
TO UBSCOmHWEBSJONAL
mi
34*H CO*B.. IST SKSS.
5&a iXnommti PlMfbrM Mt. CkttHfe.
Ho. <0* R**s.
fee femed est of the Wiswwi Tsnwry, an entitled tothe
mraest tba*ks oferery fheadofbwBMJKy.
iie oiwd, That tbe proceedings of this meeting be pub-
toed in «h. newspapers of thfccj^ HopR
WILLIAM JENKINS,
JAMES BUCHANAN.
The foregoing resolutions being rend, were unanimously
adorned; alter which the meeting adjourned.
WALTER FEANKJUIN, CkmrWn.
Atttwt: Wiiojam Jenkins, Secretary.
Cm or PsiuniFHu,
ffcriTE or PimmTuiu, a:
This is to certify that the above is a true, ftB, (net, and
«omptete copy of the whole of an article published in Poul-
•on's American Daily Advertiser, volume xlviii., No. 13,419,
published in Philadelphia, oftho date of Monday morning,
November 99, 1819, and which copy has been compared
«*rsfURy and faithfully by me from the bound volume of
t wi PonlsOn's American Dally Advertiser, now deposited
in, and belonging to, the Library Company of Philadelphia.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand
rb.K.1 «d affixed my notarial seal,this 29th day of
April, A. D. 185a.    
EDMVD WILCOX,
Notary Pobtic.
Here is an extract fromtheletter of Mr. Charles
Irving, one of the Democratic presidential electors
in tbe State of Virginia, published in the Daily
Richmond Enquirer of the 9th of May, 1856:
" I reply freakly, Charles Irving did mean Mr. Buchanan.
I will sow' up and tell' the reasons.
" The error into which the Sentinel has fallen in regard
to tbe Presidency is in tile idea that there was no other
-question involved in tbe coming canvass but the slavery
question, and that upon that question all that the South
had a right to require was the personal soundness of the
candidate. The South has a clear right to require more than
this. She haa a right to require that the election, if in her
fhvor, shall settle, at least for some time, the slavery agita-
tion. What certain means of producing this result can be
adopted, except in the selection of a candidate who is
identified with the&ansas-Nebraska bill. The Black Ite-
jmblicaas have made tbe repeal of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill their sole test. The Democratic party must make it one
of their tests. Can they make it fairly and squarely except
tfy the presentation of some man, especially if the candi-
«hue cowt*from the North, who is identified with the Kan-
nas-Nebrsska bill ? Can any man candidly say that Mr.
Buchanan is so identified.' I think not. In the very Bli-
deU letter, in which he commits himself to it, he also says
that we should make no war upon those Democrats who
vutMagaiast it. What does this kindness to anti-Nebraska
Democrats mean? The editor of the Sentinel has frequently
denounced the administration of General Pierce, for failing
to settle and quiet slavery agitation, and attributed it to his
New York appointments. The real source of President
Piercers inability to allay fanaticism is traceable to another
■mod higher cause. That cause is in the principle upon
which be was nominated. General Cass, Judge Douglas,
•ad Mr. Dickinson, bad all been in the compromise fight—
were aH identified with tbe fugitive slave law. They
were all 4 ignored' upon the ground that they were un-
nvaaable, and President Pierce selected upon the ground
that, feeing out of the fight, be was not so objectionable to
northern Free-Soil«re, and that he was perfectly sound. We
gained the election, but we did not gain a triumph of prin-
ciple, for the reason that Free-Soilers availed themselves of
the excuse to come into the ranks and again embarrass it.
Tbe nomination of Mr. BoclMmao will be a repetition of
that error; and no matter how true he may be to- the Con-
stitution, like President Pierce, he will be unable to control
the elements of fanaticism his election will fail to crush.
The coming election must test the question of whether or
not the eqality of the southern States in the Union is recog-
nized ? To test that question the candidate must ndt only
be sound, but he must have been in the fight, and be able to
show that he stood the fire.
" If silence, during the battle, constitutes a claim for
office, how can the South expect northern statesmen to
uphold her banner, when Abolitionists are seeking to tear it
to tatters ? If an ability to get Free-Soil votes makes acan-
didate available, and that species of availability is recog-
nized as a merit at the South, northern statesmen should
court Free-Soilers, and not struggle with them, if they wish
to be Presidents. Such availability may be very desirable
to those who wish success alone; but those who look to the
Interests of the country may well be excused if they prefer
a different standard. I certainry prefer that the South shall
prefer the selection, not only of a sound man, but that
she shall vote for tne nomination of no man upon any
such ground of availability. The coming election must set-
tle the slavery agitation. I do not wish a single Free-Soiler
to vote the Democratic ticket, nor will I willingly afford
them the slightest excuse for so doing. A prominentnorth-
West Democrat told me to-day that the nomination of Mr.
Buchanan would enable Trumbull, Wentworth, and other
Free-Soilers, to come back into the party. I am not anxious
to get back such characters. These axe some of my reasons
for not preferring Mr. Buchanan.
" But there is still another reason. That reason is lit his
tecord. To carry the entire South we must have not only
a sound man, but one who is above impeachment—whose
record is as stainless as tbe principles he advocates. Is such
the case with Mr. Buchanan ? Let the record answer. Mr.
Buchanan may be, and we really think he is sound; but to
carry the united South we must have a candidate whose
record is perfectly unassailable. Is Mr. Buchanan that
tnan ? Let us see. I quote from a late communication in
the New Orleans Delta, and which the editor of the
Bentinel knows to be accurate in its quotations from the
record:
" 'On the 97th of December, 1837, Mr. Calhoun submit-
ted to the Senate that celeBtetea seiies Of resolutions, die
great «bjew «f which were to net fttfth With pMeUktt ahd
fbrcMte constitutional rights of the alaveholding States,
and to attract to-theaf support an enlightened public opinion
against the attacks of northern fanaticism. The sectond
resolution was in these Words. (Calhoun's Works, vol. 3,
p. 140:)
"tRawfewi, That in #tltgatfaga portion of their powers
to be exercised by the Federal Government, the States re-
tained, severally,the exclusive andsole right over their own
domestic institutions and police, and are alone responsible
for them, and that any intermeddling of any one or more
States, or a combination of their citizens, with the domes-
tic institutions and police of the others, on any ground, or
nnder any pretext Whatever, political, moral, or religious,
with a view to their alteration or subversion, is an assump-
tion of superiority not warranted by the Constitution, in-
sulting to the States interfered with, tending to endanger
their domestic peace and tranquillity, subversive of the ob-
jects for which the Constitution was formed, and, by neces-
sary eonsequence, tending to weaken and destroy the Union
itself.'
"' Mr. Morris, Of Ohio, who Was then the only avowed
Abolitionist in the Senate, moved to strike out the words
" moral and relirious." Had the motion prevailed the ef-
fect would have been to encourage agitation in the form in
Which it would be most likely to be fetal to the South. It
would have been a direct encouragement to the abolition-
ized clergy of the North to take the very course which was
taken by the " three thousand and fifty divines" who, in
1834, sacrilegiously assumed, " in tire name of Almighty
God, and in lira presence," to denounce the repeal of die
Missouri compromise as a " violation of plighted faith and
a breach of a national compact." Subsequent events have
abundantly attested the truth of what Mr. Calhoun said,
when arguing against the motion, " that the whole spirit of
the resolution hinged upon that word religious."
"•The Vote being taken on Mr. Morris's amendment,
it stood as follows, (Congressional Globe, vol. 6, p. 74:)
Yeas—Messrs. Bayard, Buchanak, Clayton, Davis,
McKeon, Morris, Prentiss, Bobbins, Rnggles, Smith of In-
diana, Soatbard, Swift, Tipton, and Webster—14.
" < Nats—Messrs. Allen, Black, Brown, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Clay of Kentucky, Cuthbert, Fulton, Hubbard,
King, Knight, Linn, Lumpkin, Lyon, Nicholas, Niles, Nor-
veU, Pierce, Preston, Rives, Roane, Robinson, Sevier,
Smith of Oommecticut, Strange. Walker, Wall, White,
Williams, Wright, and Young—31.
" < The fifth resolution to which Mr. Calhoun here re-
ferred, and which he justly regarded as the most important
of all, aad stroked most persevertagly to have passed
without amendment, W&sas follows:
"' Resolved, That the intermeddling of any State or
States, or their citizens, to abolish slavery in this District,
or m any of the Territories, on the ground, or under the pre-
text, that it is immoral or sinful, or tbe passage of any act
or measure of Congress with that view, would be a direct
and dangerous attack on the institutions of all the slave-
holding States.'
"' This rtKOtatfon Covwed the vrtiote prowed. It met the
issue boldly and fully. No son them Demooratcan hesitate
to say that it embodied a great truth, to which events have
borne the most emphatic testimony. Mr. Clay, 6f Ken-
tucky, amoved to strike it out, and insert the following as a
snbstitute:
"' ResohaL That when tie Dfetrjct of Columbia was
ceded by the States of Virginia and Maryland to the United
States, domestic slavery existed tn both of those States,
including the eeded territory; and that, as it still continues
hi both of them, it eeuM not be abolished Within tbe Dis-
trict without a violation of that good faith which was im-
plied in the cession, and in the acceptance of tbe territory,
nor, unless compensation Weremade fbr'the slave's, WHhOut
a manifest iKfrtageBient of Mi-Amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States; nor without exeiting a degree of
just alarm and apprehension in the States recognizing
slavery, far transcending, in mischievous tendency, any
possible benefit which wtiuld be accomplished by the
abolition.' (Congressional GHofee, vol. 6, p. 58.)
"' The utter insufficiency of this temporizing amendment
scarcely need be pointed out. Objectionable as it was in
conceding to Congress the constitutional power to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia, and declaring against
the exercise of that power only on the ground of inexpe-
diency, it was still more so in this, that it made no refer-
ence whatever to the Territories of the United States. The
passage of Mr. Calhoun's resolution would have commit-
ted tire Senate, not only against the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia, But also against the application of
tbe Wilmot proviao and kindred measures to the Territo-
ries. Mr. Clay's amendment was entirely silent on the
subject. It is true, that in another resolution Which he
proposed to have adopted as ah additional amendment, it
was declared that the abolition of slavery in the Territory
of Florida would be highly inexpedient, principally for tbe
reason " that it would be in violation of a solemn compro-
mise made at a memorable and critical period in the history
of this country, by which, While slavery Was prohibited
north, it was admitted south of the liae of thirty-six de-
grees thirty minutes north latitude." The defect in the
first amendment can hardly be considered by southern men
as remedied by another which recognized the binding force
of the Missouri compromise.
"' On the question toatrike out Mr. CaHioua*B#e6olutidn,
and insert Mr. Clay's as an amendment, aftef it had been
modified by striking out the part relating to the compensa-
' tion fbr slaves, the vote stood—Veas 19, nays 18. (Con-
gressional Globe, vol. 6; p; 02.) Mr. B*cKantm,*name standi
recorded inthe affirmative.
On a subsequent occasion, Mr. Calhoun, with a view
to infuse vitality into Mr. Clay's amendment, moved to in-
sert that any attempt of Congress to abolish slavery in the
Territories "Would be a dangerous attack upon the States
in which slavery exists." Mr. Buchanan opposed the
amendment; and it was in reply to his speech that Mr. Cal-
houn made tlft remarks Which may fie foundin the third
'¥t>fOitle of hi* works, pagfcs 194 to 190, aMd'which he Com-
menced by gayifig that " Hie Wtoairks of the Senator from
Pennsylvania were of Sftch a character that he could hot
permit them to pass In Silence."
" 'From these votes, and this tangtta{e<Jf Mr. Btrclianan,
ft is clear:  
"11st. That he was not opposed to the rettgions agitation
of the slavery question—a species of agitation Which Mr.
Calhoun justly regarded as more fatal than any other.
"' 2d. That he recognized the constitutional powef of
Congress to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, Ap-
posing its exercise only on the ground ofits inexpediency—
a proposition which the position of Mr. Van Buren «hdWa
affords no reliable protection to southern institution^.
"' 3d. That he refused to commit himself fully Oh *the
Ct question as to the power of Congress over the Tefri-
is of the United States, and,as far as he did go, evidently
left it to be understood that the abolition of slavery by Con-
gress, in those Territories, Would be " no attack dnthe States
in which it exists."
"' If his opinions, in these respects, have undergoae any
material change, the country has not yet been authoHta-
tively apprised of the fact. The reflections cast by him on
the institution of slavery, in one of his speeches in England,
and the studied design ne has manifested to keep aloof from
the excitement growing ont of the repeal ot the Missouri
compromise, are not well calculated to inspire confidence,
that if his views have undergone any change it has been a
change for the better.'
" So much for the slavery issue. How does Mr. Buch-
anan stand upon the tariff? Will the Sentinel say that
he is sound, or justify his ' low wages' speech ? How
does he stand upon the French spoliation bill, which Pres-
ident Polk and President Pierce vetoed? Everybody
knows that he was in favor of it. How does he stand
upon the Pacific railroad? He declared himself in favqtof
an appropriation of public money to build it, as is notori-
ous. In fact, is there a single Federal measure, except that
of the United States Bank, upon which he is not recorded
against Democratic principles ? How can we hope to carry
the united South with such a record ? Will southern Dem-
ocrats overlook this record ? Will northern Nebraska men
overlook this ignoring of Pierce and Douglas ? Is there no
danger that, in admitting the Abolitionist, Trumbull, we
may not dishearten the gallant Douglas? Is there no fear
that, in reinstating the Free-Boil Hickman, Who is in favor
Of Reeder, we niay not palsy tbe arm of Richardson ? In
fine, is there no fear that, in hoping for Free-Soil aid,
We may not lose the few friends the South has in the
North ? It is evident to the commonest understandingtfiat
tbe first step of northern Black Republicanism is to kill off
all those influential m«n at the North, like Pietee or Doug-
las, who have actively participated in the fight fbr our
rights. Is not the South aiding ihem in this first step tvhen
H not only ignores its own sons, but also ignores, upon fhe
ground of availability, those northern men identified with
thelate Kansas-Nebraska bill ? This is a question the South
would do well to ponder. If Mr. Buchanan is to be nomin-
ated, and Pierce and Douglas in the North ignored, let
the responsibility rest elsewhere than upon the State of
Virginia, He may be, and probably is sound, but these are
times when more than ordinary caution is necessary. It
may become the duty of the South to support him- When
that time arrives I can discharge the duty; but I do think
that the reasons ab«*e stated exempt nte from any Maine
for not advocating him uatil that responsibility devetves
upon me. Very respectfully, CHAS. IBVING."
P. S. Since writing the above, I have seen in a Lancas-
ter (Pennsylvania) paper the following statefhent:
"On the subject of slavery the < memoir' is not Very def-
inite ; and we will give his Views as expressed in A series
of resolutions reported by him to a public meeting held in
the court bouse in the city of Lancaster, on the 33d of
November, 1819.
"James Buchanan, James Hopkins, and William Jen-
kins, were appointed a committee on resolutions, and
reported the following among others:
"' Resolved, That the Representatives in Congress from
this district be, ahd are hereby, most earnestly requested to
use their Utmost endeavors, as members of the National
Legislature, to prevent the existence of slavery Si any of
the new Territories or new States which may be created by
Congress.
"' Resolved, That, in the opinidn of this meeting, the
members of Congress who, at that session, sustained the
cause of justice, humanity, and patriotism, in opposing the
introduction of slavery in uie State then endeavored to be
formed out of the Missouri Territory, are entitled to tbe
Warmest thanks of every friend of humanity.'"
These resolutions prove that Mr. Buchanan, at that time,
was a Missouri restrictlonist; and that he occupied, upon
the admission of Missouri, the same ground occupied now
in regard to Kansas by Seward & Co. How any man can
Believe that Mr. Buchanan, With such a re6ord, catl carry
the debatable southern States of Delaware, Maryland, Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, Louisiana, and Georgia, against Mr.
Fillmore, passes my comprehension. Besides this, the De-
mocracy have nO knowledge of Mr. Buchanan's position
On Know Nothlngism. This is another issue iii the coining
canvass, upon which Mr. Buchanan is not openly identified
With us.
It is thus *een that his record will make him weak in
the South—that the ignoring of Pierce and Douglas will
liiake him weak with the Nebraska men in the North.
Row, under these circumstances, can he be available ?
Bespectfhlly, C. IRVING.
The following are extracta from Mr. Buch-
anan's speech on the treaty for the annexation
of Texas, delivered in the Senate of the United
States in executive session, on the 8th of June,
1844:
" In drrfVftg Atthe cbriclbSion to support this treaty, I had
to ehahmr W OHerMdiU oWtacle, and Ihiswai the question
of slavery. Whilst I ever have maintained, and ever shall
miOMMrij lh their full fbtte fflra vigor, the constitutional
