1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 11,
gone by; and we have no right to assume that
all we hear to-day is perfectly true.
When I said that if a proper case were pre-
sented to me, I would leap a chasm and stretch a
point to meet that case, I moant this: If it be true
that these disasters exist, and that the President
is not performing his duty, that he has not sent
a proper man there to govern the Territory, and
has not sent a proper man there to command the
military forces of the country—when I shall be
perfectly satisfied on these two points, I, for one,
shall be prepared to take a portion of the power
out of his hands, and undertake to exercise it in
the Senate and House of Representatives; but X
want evidence upon both points. 1 wish, first,
to have evidence that there is a case which re-
quires extraordinary action, either on the part of
the Executive or of Congress. I have no evi-
dence of the existence of such a state of things;
but if there be such a case, I want additional
evidence to show that the President has not per-
formed his whole duty, and that he is not per-
forming it according to the requirements of the
law. I, for one, shall in no manner, here, utter
any reproach against his manner of discharging
his duty in Kansas. I believe an expression of
opinion, as proposed in this resolution, will be
rcccived by the country as an intimation on the
part of the American Senate, that the President
is not performing his duty as the Senate believe
it ought to be performed.
Mr. TOUCEY. I do not know, sir, that 1
understand the object of this resolution. I have
heard it read. I have looked at the powers of
the Senate; and I know of no power in this body
to act in the manner proposed by the resolution,
more than would be possessed by us if we were
assembled in any other place, or on any other
occasion, or than would be possessed by any
other equal number of men assembled ill any
portion of the country.
It purports to be a resolution by the Senate
only. What power have we to act as if we were
commanders-in-chief of the Army and Navy of
the United States? What power has this body
to direct the movements of either the Army or
tile Navy? I had supposed that that power was
vested entirely in the Executive by the Consti-
tution, and that the President was responsible for
the exercise of his constitutional functions. I
am willing to leave the exercise of that power
where it is wisely placed by the Constitution.
But, sir, if we had the right to direct that the
officer named, General Scott, should go into
Kansas, and there exercise the supreme command
as a military officer, what could he do there'
Wc live under a government of law. The mode
of executing law is by asking process to bring
questions between man and man before the courts
of justice; and if law is resisted, the administra-
tive officer has the right to call on the power of
the county, and the military may ttid the power
of the county'—the posse comitatxis—in executing
process. Is it proposed to send General Scott
into Kansas that he may act there in subordin-
ation to the sheriff of any county as one of the
posse comitutii^l Is it proposed to send this dis-
tinguished General there to act under the com-
mands of a sheriff to execute process against
offenders ? If that is the object of this move-
ment, it is one of which I certainly do not ap-
prove. I think there is no necessity for it. I
think it is calling on the highest officer in the
Army under the President to go there to perform
a very subordinate duty—that of obeying the
sheriff in making arrests, and bringing offenders
before the courts of justice.
If this be not the object, what is the object of
it? It must be and can be only to appeal from
the courts of justice to the military power of the
United States. Well, sir, if a case of that kind
arises under the Constitution, and under the laws
of Congress, as they were presented to the Sen-
ate, I believe by my honorable friend from Vir-
ginia, [Mr, Mason,] on a former occasion,I say
there is ample provision for it, and there is mili-
tary power enough; but the military power in a
case of that kind cannot bo called upon to act,
unless it be to suppress insurrection or rebellion.
There must be something amounting to insurrec-
tion or rebellion, or open combined resistance to
the laws. Then there may be occasion to call
the Army of the United States into the field—and
it may become civil war. Now, does any Sen-
ator undertake to say that there is civil war in
Kansas—that there is an occasion to array the
military on the one side against the insurgents
and rebels on the other? If a case of that kind
exists, where is it? Who are the leaders ?
are the forces ? What number of insurgent^JpjF
rebels are in arms there, confronting the military
power of this Government ?
I trust, sir, it will not come to that; I think
there is no occasion for its coming to that. There
is no occasion to do anything but to enforce the
law. There are courts of justice in Kansas. No
question can arise between man and man in the
Territory of Kansas, or in any portion of this
country, which may not be brought before the
courts of justice, and where the law may not be
enforced. No functionary, from the President of
the United States, and from the Supreme Court
of the United States down to the lowest court and
to the lowest officer in the country, can act except
by authority of law; and if he does not act by
authority of law, he is responsible to the man upon
whom he undertakes to exercise power, and may
be brought before the judicial tribunals of the
courftry; and the judges who are appointed for
the purpose of adjudicating the laws and the ques-
tions which may be brought before them, will
pronounce judgment in the case.
Sir, 1 hold to the execution of the law. I hold
to the doctrine that in this Government there is
no power but that of law. No man is above the
law. No body of men are above the law. No
body of men possess any power except in accord-
ance with law. The law prevails in every State
of the Union. The law prevails in the Territories
of Kansas and Nebraska. You have judges there
nominated by the President and commissioned by
the Senate; you have marshals nominated by the
President and commissioned by the Senate; you
have other officers there whose jurisdiction is not
and cannot be questioned. No man of any party
there can suffer wrong at the hands of any one
else who is not amenable to the courts of justice,
where all wrongs may be redressed.
What, then, is the difficulty ? Certainly the case,
to my mind, is a very plain one. It is, that in
individual ca.^es the law may not be enforced;
men may suffer wrong, but they can appeal to the
courts of justice. The courts of justice are open;
the law wiH administer redress. If any judge
fails in his duty, there is a remedy forthat failure.
Why should there be any exception made in that
Territory? Why should we labor to liberate
men from the operation of the law and from the
dominion of the courts of justice? Why should
we introduce some new dominion there which
does not prevail elsewhere throughout the coun-
try ? Everywhere else in our land men are sub-
ject to the dominion of law, which is the will of
the people expressed in the form of law.
Now, sir, the only difficulty there, of which I
know, is that men are not willing to submit to
law as adjudicated in the courts of justice. No
case can be supposed which does not fall within
that predicament. If I understand the attitude
which this Government has taken, it is simply
that of enforcing the law of Congress and the
laws which prevail in the Territory in the judg-
ment of the courts of justice which are there es-
tablished. This being so, I certainly, if we had
the power, do not see any occasion for sending
the commander-in-chief, under the President of
the United States, into the Territory of Kansas
for the purpose of enforcing the law.
The motion now is to take up this resolution.
To my mind, it is not very important whether
we take it up and have a debate upon it, or
whether, as seems inevitable, we have the de-
bate on it before it bo taken up on the question of
proceeding to its consideration. But I am op-
posed to it; and am opposed to it (with all respect
to the distinguished Senator from Kentucky,) for
reasons which appear to my mind to be absolutely
uncontrollable, so far as this question is con-
cerned. I know of no power of the Senate to
modify the law ill any Territory, or to dispense
with the cxccution of law, or to send the Army
of the United States, or any officer of the Army,
into a Territory for the purpose of enforcing the
law. That belongs to another department of the
Government; and although the Senate, I suppose,
would be very safe advisers, if the President
should take their opinion on this point, yet it
1 seems to me that it is a little out of the ordinary
course of courtesy even, forus to tender our ad-
vice to the President on a point which is exclu-
sively within his own constitutional duty, and
not within the limits of ours.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I shall vote
against taking up this resolution, but not for the
reason assigned by the gentleman from Florida,
[Mr. Yulee,] on account of the absence of Sen-
ators. If I have occasion to leave the Senate, I
wish them to proceed with business, and I am
willing to be governed by their action. I never
leave the Senate unless I have business of more
importance than the business of this body; nor
do I think that any question should, upon any
occasion, be postponed inconsequence of the ab-
sence of Senators, unless we meet sometimes
when they do not know that the Senate is in ses-
sion.
It is always with hesitancy that I differ from
the distinguished Senator from Kentucky; but,
upon this occasion, I cannot agree with him.
The Senate, together with the House of Repre-
sentatives, has legislative powers. The Senate
has power to advise and consent to nominations
made by the President. It is made by the Con-
stitution the duty of the President of the United
States to see that the laws which may be passed
are faithfully executed. It is also made the duty
of the President of the United States to recom-
mend to Congress the passage of such laws as
the public interests, in his judgment, may require;
but I find no authority anywhere for the Senate
or House to recommend to the President how
he shall execute the laws. There is certainly
nothing in the Constitution which authorizes it.
We have the constitutional power to pass laws;
let us do so if necessary; but the action now pro-
posed reverses the order of things as contem-
plated by the Constitution; for instead of the
President recommending to us, as the Constitu-
tion requires him to do, we recommend him to
do what we consider, if we pass this resolution,
that he ought to do.
I cannot vote for taking up the resolution, be-
cause I cannot vote for its passage for these rea-
sons. Now, as to the difficulties in Kansas: that
there are unfortunate difficulties there, I presume
no one will deny. We all know there are diffi-
culties in all new countries to a greater or less
extent. My own opinion is—and this is another
point on which I differ from the Senator from
Kentucky—that the very best thing we can do is
to follow the advice of the Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Stuart,] and not say one word about
these matters. The difficulties in Kansas have
grown out of the discussions here to a very great
extent. 1 do not believe that anything we can do
will remedy the evil, and therefore I am unwil-
ling to make any effort. In my opinion every
effort that we make will only make the matter
'worse. If their laws are defective, and we have
the power to amend them, let us do so; but if cit-
izens will violate the law, let them take the re-
sponsibility.
Why, sir, but the other day the Turners from
Ohio went over into the State of Kentucky, and
shot down two officers in the discharge of their
duty. There was no excitement about that. It
is true, they were " noble foreigners"—Germans;
those shot down were poor, miserable, native-
born citizens, and there is no sympathy for them !
Violations of law take place everywhere, and
they will continue to take place as long as men
have conflicting interests. I regret to see the state
of things in Kansas; but it will work out its' own
remedy, if let alone, much sooner than if wc in-
terfere, for the obvious reason, in the first place,
in my judgment, that we have no constitutional
power to intervene in this mode, There is a con-
stitutional power to have the laws executed, and
the Constitution has confided that power to the
President. I have no complaints to make of the
President as to the manner in which he has ex-
ecuted the laws. Having discharged his duty,
according to my judgment, up to this time, I am
perfectly willing to trust him for the execution of
his duty in time to come. For these reasons I
shall vote against taking up the resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I should
regret if any protracted debate is to be had on
this question, because I concur in the sentiment
just expressed by the Senator from Mississippi,
that the debates in Congress tend very much
to the production of this excitement which we
