662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
< Mr. ORR. If the gentleman from Mississippi
will yield me the floor, aucl my colleague will with-
draw-his motion to recommit with instructions, I
•will again move my original amendment to the
resolution reported by the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr BOYCE. I withdraw the motion to re-
commit.
Mr. ORR. I now move my original amend-
ment.
Mr. COLFAX. I object, unless I can also have
an opportunity to ofier an amendment to the
amendment, so that we may have the whole ques-
tion before us.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi is entitled to the floor, and he is asked to
yield for the purpose indicated by the gentleman
from South Carolina—does he yield ?
Mr. BENNETT. I do.
Mr. ORR. I am a little surprised at the course
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax.]
though not so much so after the elfort to force a
vote upon the original proposition this morning,
without the amendment. But I can accomplish
the object I have in view by requesting my friend
from Mississippi to offer the amendment as his
motion, independent of the objection of the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
^ Mr. COLFAX. Well, then, I shall feel at
liberty to avail myself of precisely the same privi-
lege, and shall, if I conclude to press it, attempt
to obtain the door myself, or ask some of my
friends upon this side who do obtain it, to offer
the amendment which I proposed to present, and
in that way can be even with the gentleman from
South Carolina.
Mr. BENNETT. I offer the following reso-
lution, as a substitute for the resolution reported
by the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That Jrupph II. Biudipy, E<q , nnd Sidney S. ]
Baxter, of the city of Wa^lnnston, bo. and they arc iuncby, !
appointed conamsrsioners, lor uiut onbehalt oi tins House,
to take depositions and obtain proofs. In taking copir.^ ot all
such documents as may be desired by Vithei parly, 01 then
agents or attorneys, m repaid to flu- conto^t^d se;"u of Hon.
Mr. Wlntfield, a lichgate from Kansas und>*r the petition
of [Ion. Mr. Reader; that said Biadley aed I5a\rer bo,
and thej are hereby, clothed with full powei to adopt all
needful means to eiu'it elear anil full pioof upon all pomt« |
which the panics iPsprctively may submit, to them as tact^
they,or eiilier of them, doMie to Chrabludi or contioven;
that they fchall Hive to the prunes, respectively, mitten and
reasonable! notice of the time and place at which they
will be readv to pioepod m taking such deposition.*. and
may adjoin n the -awe to other times and pl.ve> as, in their
judgment and deletion. will tend to the full andpeiiect
clicuing of the tiuth touching all >uch i untiovtnu d mat-
leis; and that, when thry shall have completed theirlahoih,
they repott the same to this House.
< Mr. DUNN. Will the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi allow me to present my proposition now
as an amendment to the substitute ?
Mr. COLFAX. Can the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi yield the floor to the gentleman from
Indiana to offer an amendment, and then claim
the floor again for the purpose of making a speech,
thus cutting off an opportunity to propose an
amendment to the amendment? I have no objec-
tion to his proposing an amendment, jf the same
permission is extended to me.
The SPEAKER. By the consent of the House
the gentleman can yield the floor to the Gentle-
man from Indiana for the purpose of offering an
amendment.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I object.
Mr. EDIE. 1 desire to liiquuc whether, if
the amendment of the gentleman from Jndi.ma
[Mr. Dunn] is entertained by the House, the
resolution will be susceptible of any further
amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. EDIE. Then what is the use of persist-
ing in the objection?
Mr. BENNETT. I now move that the reso- :
Iution be recommitted to the Committee of Elec- ,
tions, with the following instructions: i
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections, m examin- |
inland judging ot the elec lion icturns and quahtk ations1'
of pei«ons olmnnmi to have been elected Ilcpies>ontativ«'s
of States, or Delegates of Terntoncn winch have been duly
organized by Consrcss, shall exclude liom their consult1) a- ;
t on tiic chums of all pms-ons who, alter b'.'inc alibuled
ample time to do bo, fail to show that the election under
which they ckr.m to have been elected a Kepi e-sentahve or
Delegate was held in pun-uanc: of the law* of Hie State or
Temtoiy souybt to be represented by <-ueh claimant or
claimants, or was elected in pursuance ot a law of the
United States made for the government ot such election.
Reiolicdfuither, That in the opinion of thu* House, no
Representative of a State of this Union, and no Delegate
of a Territory oiganized by Congress, can rightfully be ad-
mitted to a seat in tins House, except in pursuance* of law.
Resolved further, That the Committee of Elections are
hereby m&tiuctcd to pursue then investigations m accord-
ance with the foregoing principles.
Mr. B. then addressed the House for an hour
in opposition to the report of the committee. His
speech will be, published in the Appendix.
Mr. GALLOWAY obtained the floor, but
yielded to Mr. Barbour, who moved that the
House do now adjourn.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. GOODE, I rise to a privileged question.
I move that when the House adjourns to-day, it.
adjourn to meet on Monday at twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. H. MARSHALL called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messns. Aiken, Allen,Barclay, Bell, HendlevS.
Bennett, Bocoek, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Burnett,
(Jadwaladei, John F. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
hsle. Caruthers, Caskie. Howell Cobb, Cox, C'raigc, Da-
vidson, Dunn, Edmund.-on, Evan*, Faulkner, Florence,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Gieenwood, Augustus Ilall,
J. Momtion (laui:<, Sampson W. flarn-., Thomas L. Har-
ris Haven, llerbcit, Iioliman, Houston, Geotge W. Jones,
J. Giancy Jones, Kelly. Knlwcll, Lake, Letchci, Lindley,
Lumpkin, Samuel Marshall, Mavvvell, McMulhn, Me-
(lueen, Meacham, Smith Miller, Mooie, Andiow Oliver,
Monlecai Oliver, On, Fame, Peek, Pelton, Fhclps, Poitei\
Powell. Quitman, Heady, Rieaud, Itiehautaon, Uitclne,
Rullin/Fase, Sandid^e, Sava-ie. Scott, Scwaid, Shorter,
Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, Wuham Smith, Snecd,
Svvopo, Tayloi, Tuppe, Underwood, Walker, Warner,
Eihhu B. Wa-ibhuine, Watkins, VVhcelei, Wmslow, John
V. VVnght, and ZodieoiVcr—89.
NAYS — Messrs. Ball, Barbour, Btlhnsrlmrst, Buffinton,
Binlinganie, .Tame* II. Campbell, Williamson 11. W. Cobb,
Colfax, Covode, Cm.iba.ck, Danirell, Timothy Davis, Day,
Doan, Dickson. Dodd, Dnrl'oc. Edwatds, Emric, Flagler, j
Galloway, (iiddui'^s, Gilbert, Giangei, llailan, Uairisou, !
Thomas It. lloiton, Ilowanl, Ilujrh^ton, Kelsey, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlioii. Knox, Kuukel, Letter, Humphrey Mai-
hhall, Matteson, Mct'artv, Million, Moigan, Momll, Mott,
Murray. Noiton, linker, Pungle,Piuvrance,Rohbins, Rob-
eif*. Sajip, Snennan. Spinne', Slianahan, Thonnsiton,
Todd. Tialton, Vail, Wade, YVakeman, Waldion, ('adwal-
aderC. Wa-dihuine, Israel Wash hum, Watson, Williams,
Wood, Woodiuil', and YVoodwoitb—(itf.
So the motion to adjourn over was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll on the above vote,
Mr. TRUTE said: The time for which I paired
off with a gentleman from Connecticut expired
last Wednesday. Finding thai my absence was
likely to be piolongul beyond my previous cal-
culations, I requested, by letter, my colleague
[Mr. Fostcr] to extend the pair with some other
gentleman, if he could conveniently do so. Ashe
was absent on my return, and as I have never
heard from htm, I thought I would state the
matter thus publn ly, or 1 might get myself un-
consciously into difficulty. Having made this
statement, 3 shall feel at liberty to vote.
Mr. BALL stated that his colleague, Mr. Al-
bsiigiit, had paired off with Mr. Wright, of
Mississippi, until the 5th of April.
Mr. STEPD EN S stated that he had paired off
with Mr. IIoiloway until the 1st. of April.
Mr. GJDDINGS stated that Mr. Bingham had
paired off with Mr. Jkwett.
Mr. CtUlTMAN stated that Mr. Barksdale
lmd paired off with Mr. Robinson.
Mr. PAINE stated that Mr. Puryear had
paired off.
Mr. KiVOWLTON stated that Mr. Perry had
paired off with Mr. Wej.i.s.
Mr. MORRILL stated that Mr. Hall, of
Massachusetts, had paired off with Mr. Davis,
of Maryland.
Mr. TODD stated that Mr. Epie had paired
off with a gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. WADE stated that lus colleague, Mr.
Bi i«fs, had paired off.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, which was agreed to; and the House
thereupon (at three o'clock and forty minutes) ad-
journed till Monday, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday. Mavch IT, 1856. v
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournal of Friday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGLER. I present a series of resolutions
of the Be>ard of Trade of Philadelphia, relative to
the construction of a ship canal across the Isthmus
of Darien. These resolutions set forth that a sur-
vey has been made to connect the two oceans
under the auspices of certain citizens of the city
of New York. Mr. William Kenmsh, the very
accomplished engineer employed by these gentle-
men, has reported in favor of the practicability
of the proposed work. The memorialists pray
that Congress will authorize the Secretary of the
Navy to cause the route to be fully examined. I
move that the resolutions be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER also presented a petition of in-
habitants of Erie county, Pennsylvania, praying
for an appropriation for improving the harbors
on the northern lakes; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WELLER. 1 present the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of San Fran-
cisco, m California, praying for the passage of an
act of Congress requiring the caigoes of all ves-
sels from the Atlantic to the Pacilic ports to be
entered and described in the manifest of thy ves-
sel containing them, so as to indicate the amount
and time at which I hoy were shipped. I believe
the memorial is properly referable to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and I ask their special atten-
tion to the subject. If the proposed changes can
be made in conformity with the prayer of the
memorialists, they will certainly obviate the dif-
ficulties which otten occur from the fluctuations
of the San Francisco markets. They will be able
at all times to know the quantity of goods which
have been shipped from New York to that port.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. WELLER also presented the niemoiial of
William Mcrihe and other officers attached to the
United States squadron m the Pacific, piaying
for an increase of compensation; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of citizens of Q.umcy, Cal-
ifornia, praying that the mail route between
Maysville and Nelson Point may be extended to
that place; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of H. Bambridge and other
officers of the Army, piaying for an increase of
the commutation price of the Army ration; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. CASS presented four petitions of citizens
of Michigan, praying for a grant of land for the
construction of a railroad from Fond du Lac, in
Wisconsin, to Ontonagon, in Michigan, with
branches; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of the
legal representatives of John Morrison and
Charles Ginn, praying for the confirmation of
their title to certain lands -witlun the Bastrop
grant; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Gitty
Poweis, widow of a olutionary soldier, pray-
ing to be allowed arrears of pension; which was
reterrod to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Lucy Bingham, widow
of a revolutionary soldier, praying to be allowed
tirrears of pension; which was lelened to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of the heirs of Joseph Fear-
son, deceased, a revolutionary soldn-r, prnymg
to be allowed arrears of pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Polly Fisk, widow of
Thomas R. Fisk, a soldier in the war of 181:2,
praying for bounty land; which was refeired to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOi-J N SON presented the memorial of Wil-
liam R. Greble, claiming to be the original inventor
of the apparatus for taking deep-sea soundings,
praying for compensation for the use of the sdine;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of John S.
Pendleton, praying for compensation for services
as special Minister of the United States to the
Government of the Argentine Confederation, the
Republic of Paraguay, and Oriental Republic oi
Uruguay; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
