20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 23,
be a correct report of the speech of the gentleman
from Illinois. I determined, however, to avail
myself of the first opportunity I should have of
conferring with him about it. When I met him
in his seat yesterday morning, I mentioned to
him what I had seen. He very promptly, with-
out any hesitation and with great courtesy and
kindness, said he had been misquoted, for he had
employed no such language in regard to me. I,
of course, was satisfied anu gratified at that state-
ment; because my personal relations with that
gentleman, so far as I know, have been kmdly
and courteous. It is, however, due to myself,
and due to the honorable Senator, inasmuch as
this publication has gone to the world, that the
correction should go with it. I will read the
paragraph in order that the Senator may have an
opportunity of putting himself right, and doing
me justice:
"Mr. T. then tookfrom his pocketacopy ofthe Fennsyl-
vanian, and read the call for the mass meeting of the Demo-
crats, announced for this evening, and, in reading over the
nam.es of the speakers appended to it, said, the first is Sena-
tor Toombs, of Georgia— a Whig all his life, and has always
been one of the most bittor opponents of Democratic
measures. The second, Senator Benjamin, of Louisiana,
always a Whig, and the man who says that, m supporting
Mr. Buchanan, he does not change his paity faith a parti-
cle. The next is James C. Jones, the opponent of Polk,
a man that has never told apolitical tiuth in ins life. Then
come Clingman and A. H. SrRPiirN^, who never knew
anything elao but Whiggery. Ha said all the speakers but
the local speakers of Pennsylvania, who had been invited
to enlighten the Democrats of Philadelphia on Democracy,
were all well known to the rabid Whigs. This lie icgaided
as a capita! joke, and as those invited to address the De-
mocracy of tins tstate were southern Whigs, it came of bad
grace fiom Dcmociats to call Republicans the sectional
party."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I had not
seen the report to which attention has been
called, when the Senator from Tennessee spoke
to me respecting it, nor have I read it now. The
Senator from Tennessee informed me that it
represented that I had said of him that he never
uttered a political truth in his life. I said no such
a thing. The report, I see now by dancing my
eye at it, is necessarily an imperfect one. It is
ail within less than a column, I believe consider-
ably less than a column, and yet it. purports to
give a statement of what was said. I used no
language of that kind at all in reference to the
Senator from Tennessee.
It is true that I spoke of the Senator from
Tennessee, and of the Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. lb'NJAiuiN-,] whoso name 1 mentioned also
on a former occasion in NewYotk. i\ly object
in doing so was to show tlmf pei>-ons ht letoforo
distinguished in the Whig party\v< re liowaeinig
with the Democratic party. 1 uned it in thai
view, and none other; onil I most eheei lolly say
that I madeno reflection whatever in either speech
upon the honor or integrity of either of those
gentlemen. I could have no motive foi doing so,
and it would he the furthest from my inrlmaiton
to say anything which could be personally offen-
sive, entertaining, as I do, the kindest feelings
and the highest luspcet for them.
NIIW ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
ihe message from the House of Repiesentatives,
announcing that they had adhered to their disa-
greement to the amendment of the Senate to the
lull ( H. R. JNo. f>*7) making appropi unions for
the .-aipport of the Army for the your ending
June .'<{), JrC>7, Hie pr-mlme; question being on Mr.
Jir> ttr's motion that the Senate adhere to their
amendment.
Mr. CLAYTON". Air. President, I owe it to
the Senate, and to myself, to slate that I, yester-
day, was absent from the sitting of the body on
account ot severe sickness. It was impossible
lor me to be here: but there never was a day m
the whole course of my senatorial life upon which
I was more anxious to be piesent. The state of
my health docs not justify my attendance to-day;
but I have resolved to remain here as long; as
possibl" for the purpose of doing what f can to
lestore peace to the country,and to reconcile the
differences of a disastrous character that are now
pending between the two Houses of Congress.
Mr. President, I am an old man, and have
Hpent a very great poitiou of my life m the public
e-'MHeiU. I am at this time a member of no
political party whatever, i am the advocate of
no man's pretensions for the Presidency, in oppo-
sition to another. I am bound by no party ties.
I remain in public life only because I suppose I
may possibly be of some service to the country;
and I seek here no other object but what I believe
to be the good of the country. Having had some
experience in the public councils at former periods,
when there was much division and distraction
among public men, and great apprehension among
the patriots of the country for the success of our
Union, I have come to the conclusion not to
remain a quiet and inactive spectator of the scene
before me, but to stand up here and to say what
I think will be best for the Senate to adopt in the
present extraordinary condition of public affairs;
to give the best advice I am capable of giving;
and having discharged my own duty, with a due
sense of my responsibility to God anu the country,
I shall then bow 111 deference to the decision of
the Senate.
Sir, the state of the question as presented at
this time, is this: The House of Representatives,
as 1 humbly think, very rashly, has decided to
adhere to an amendment which is offensive to the
Senate, and which the Senate have repeatedly
rejected. In this situation of things, a man who
is accustomed to examine the treatises which have
been published in England and in the United
States on parliamentary law, will hardly doubt
that the Senate, if it shall now take any further
vote on the bill before us, is driven to a direct decis-
ion either to recede from or to adhere to its former
vote of disagreement with the House proviso.
Therefore it is that I say I deeply deplore that
the House has resolved to adhere. We have no
alternative if we proceed to vote at all on this bill.
I do not understand it to be a parliamentary move
on the board now, for us to " insist," or " further
to insist." The sole question now, if we go to
a vote, is: shall we adhere or recede ' "Under
these circumstances, what should the Senate do ?
1 suppose there is no thought of receding; I will
not discuss that question. I know the majority
have, in caucus, resolved not to recede. That
may be looked upon as settled. If the question
were not, as i understand, already decided among
gentlemen here that they will adhere, I would
object to any action at this time on the bill which
presents this difficulty, believing that it would be
more proper to leave the bill just in the state
where it is, and to resort to another movement
of a different character altogether, and that is to
adopt a resolution offeiing a committee of seven
members, say, on the part of the Senate, to meet
and confer with a committee of eleven members
on the, part of the House of Representatives, to
take into consideration this extraordinary state
of things between the two bodies. In order that
my vie\v« may be understood, I beg leave to send
to die Clerk's de.sk, and ask to have read a reso-
lution which, at a proper time, I mean to oifer—
not now, because i understand it has been re-
solved, m a meeting this morning which 1 did
not attend, to adheiv: but I repeat, I could much
have wished that the vote should not be adopted
before the lesoiutionis acted upon. I ask fonts
rending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection the resolution will be read.
Mr. HUNTER. For information.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
llaolvvi', (ihe Hoiw ot Uepioentafives concurring,)
Tiwt a committee l><> appointed on the p.mot' the Senate, to
eoiwft ot .-e\en member, to eonfer with a committee on
the p'nt ol ihe ilou %e ot Iv<'[i!i^entanve-> to coiMi-tof ele\ en
iiienilici-'. to t ike into e<m>ulei.uio:i the dwnjrccing votes
ot the m o I Inu^o-. i expecting lite lull making appropriations
lb i ihe -oippoit of the At my !<n the \ car ending '^itli ot J one,
hw, wall a m"w ol ,i'M!i nm the same, and settling the
dilierenco}, between the two Houses?, and making report
theicof to then respective buuuhes ol Congress.
Mr. CLA YTON. Mr. President, I do not
throw myself in the way of those who have re-
solved to adheie. 1 only wish to say that I will
not vote for the proposition. I expect of course
that it will bo earned. I am riot of opinion that
that is the wisest course to adopt; but, when that
course is adopted. I do not hold that the Senate
has passed out of the chance and reach of settling
this question m an amicable and honorable way
with the House of Representatives. 1 believe,
that by the adoption, even after the vote to ad-
here, of such a proposition as I have offered to
the Senate, proposing a committee of conference
on the part of both Houses, terms of compromise
can be offered which will be acceptable both to the
House and to theSenatc, that will compromit the
honor of neither branch of the Legislature, and
save the Army bill in the House from this disas-
trous vote of final adherence. That vote will
destroy the bill before us, but not the same bill
in the House. I will not now state what it is
that I design to propose m a conference. I only
say that I do firmly believe the r.ill can be saveel
if Senators will consult their judgment, and not
take counsel from their passions. We can yet
pass the Army bill, restore peace in that Terri-
tory where now civil war, confusion, and anarchy
reign, and perhaps we may save by this means
the Union of the States of this nation. Let us
not go home, sir; let us not resolve in despair,
that nothing can be done. It is a crisis, and a
great crisis, in the affairs of the country, such
as I have never witnessed before, though I have
been many, many long years in this Hall. 1 in-
treat you, Senators, not to adjourn—to stay here
until the last effort is exhausted, before you give
tip the hope of passing this bill, without which
the Army of the United States must be disbanded,
and without which, not only civil war in Kansas,
but a bloody revolution, involving ultimately all
the States of the Confederacy, may be the result
of our disgraceful delinquency.
Sir, I will say nothing further at this time; but
at the proper moment, without discussing the
subject so as to bring myself into unnecessary
controversy with others after they have carried
their motion to adhere, as I suppose they will, I
will call up this proposition, and ask for its con-
sideration.
Mr. HUNTER. I will merely state in regard
to the proposition, that, according to our rules no
such motion is in order, because an adherence on
both sides destroys the bill; but I will mention
also, for the information of the Senator from Del-
aware, a fact with which he is probably not ac-
quainted, that the bill upon which the House of
Repiesentatives was acting at the close of the
last session is still on the Speaker's tabic.
Mr. CLAYTON. I know that.
Mr. HUNTER. That hill can be taken up
and acted on, and 1 understand it is also proba-
ble that a new bill will be reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. This will not end
the matter, it merely expresses the opinion of
the Senate in regard to this bill. Adhering to it
does not take from the House the means of send-
ing any other bill they choose. If they should
do so it will be competent for the Senator to offer
his resolution in regard to a conference.
Mr. CLAYTON. I shall not hesitate. I mean
to make no speech—no address against the mo-
tion to adhere. I will not vote for it, because, as
I have said, I do not think it right; but I know
well, that when you have adhered this resolution
will apply to the bill sent from the House, or to
any other similar bill.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I agree with
several Senators who have spoken, that this is
an occasion of grave importance, and a more per-
ilous crisis than has arisen since the formation of
the Constitution. The House of Representatives
knew, when they passed this bill and sent it here,
that the Senate, by the concurrence of more than
three fourths of its members, had repeatedly ex-
pressed its determined opposition to the legisla-
tion contained m this proviso. They knew that
this legislation was sustained in the Senate by but
a very small minority. Nevertheless, they have
again attempted to 'force it upon the Senate by
attaching it to this bill making an appropriation
for the support of the Army. So far as the ap-
propriations are concerned, the Senate had here-
tofore passed the bill. There js no difference of
opinion between the two Houses with regard to a
single item of these appropriations. Every item
is necessary to carry on the military department
of the Government. The Senate has so declaied,
and the House has so declared. The House of
Representatives, knowing the deliberate,repented
determination of the Senate with regard to thi«i
legislation, which, contrary to all parliamentary
rules, they have seen fit to insist upon ingrafting
on this bill, have sent it to us again m this most
objectionable manner, under circumstances de-
claring that they will stop the wheels of Govern-
ment unless we yield our objections and agree to
it.
I concur most fully in the very eloquent and very
able speech made yesterday by, my honorable
friend from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.] I regard this
