692
34th Cong.,.. 1st Sess.
appendlxto the congressional globe.
The Cincinnati Platform—Mr. Carlile.
[June 21,
Ho. of Reps.
„ rights of the southern States over their slave property, I
yet feel & strong repugnance, by any act of mine, to extend
the present limits of the Union over a new slaveholding
Territory. Alter mature reflection, however, I overcame
these scruples, and now believe that the acquisition of Texas
will be the means of limiting, not enlarging, the dominion
of slavery."
After quoting an extract from Mr. Clay's letter,
Mr. Buchanan says:
" And here permit me to observe, that there is one defect
im the treaty which ought to be amended, if we did not all
know that it is destined to be rejected. The treaty itself
ought to determine how many free and how many slave
States should be made out of this Territory, or it ought, in
express terms, to leave the question of slavery to be de-
cided by those States in their constitutions, as they sev-
■ erally apply for admission into the Union."
Mr. Chairman, can you account for the similar-
ity of objects aimed at by the so-called Demo-
cratic and Black Republican parties? Each is
anxious to crush out the American party; each
complains of the American party as an obstacle to
an effective union in its section upon the slavery
issue. Hear what the editor of the National Era,
the metropolitan Abolition sheet, said in its issue
of the 15th day of November last:
" But our readers will recollect how continually we have
insisted that the one obstacle to an effective union of the free
States on th  slavery issue mis this bigoted organization—
{the American party, j See how utterly it has paralyzed the
mti-Ncbraska movement in Indiana and New Jersey, and
the almost inextricable embarrassments in which it has in-
volved it in Pennsylvania."
And again, in the same article, he says:
" Ay, Know-Nothingism has divided, and continues to
divide, the free States; and unless its power be broken before
next November, it will lay them prostrate again at the feet
of the slave power."
May we not see here why neither the Black
Republicans nor Democrats would under any cir-
cumstances vote for an American for Speaker of
this House, and why a sufficient number of Dem-
ocrats to pass it were found voting for the plural-
ity resolution with the Black Republicans under
which the present Speaker of tnis House was
elected, after it had been demonstrated by a trial
'■of more than two months that under no other
rule could he, or one entertaining his views, have
been elected? Sir, when neither of these factions
has strength enough of itself to defeat the Amer- i
iean party, they invariably fuse to accomplish it,
as they did in Philadelphia a few weeks ago, and
in this city a few days ago. And the so-called
Democracy would have the South believe that the
election here of the fusion candidate for Mayor
was a triumph favorable to southern sentiment;
when the.fact is that the American candidate was
and is a slaveholder, while the successful candi-
date does not own a slave, and was supported not
only by the Democrats and Whigs, (Mr. Ma-
gruder being a Whig,) but received the votes of
the Black Republicans of this city, including the
vote of Lewis C. Clephane, who was the secre-
tary of the Black Republican convention which
'met in Pittsburg last February, and is at this
time corresponding secretary of the Black Repub-
lican national executive committee or association,
(I am not certain what they call the thing.)
Mr. Chairman, for the benefit of such of my
Democratic friends as have been inclined to look
with favor upon the Nebraska bill, and who were
disposed to think the American party what its
enemies represented it to be, I will read the fol-
lowing editorial from the New Hampshire Patriot,
President Pierce 'shome organ, the editor of which
is held in such high estimation by Mr. Pierce as
to have received from him a gold-headed cane, it
being one of the first official acts performed by the
President after his election to the office lie now
fills, to which he was elevated by nearly a unan-
imous vote, and for which he was not renomin-
ated by a vote almost equaliy unanimous, if not
more so. I would not allude to this, but for the
fact that the poor but honest American has been
again and again stricken down by him, because
he hadi the independence of a freeman, and his
place filled by the pliant tools of power, who
" Crook the pregnant hinges of the knee
Where thrift may follow fawning." '
I read from the New Hampshire Patriot, Mr.
Pierce's home organ:
"All the valuable tana open to settlement is already
' staked out' and ' claimed,' and eternal decrees could not
make freedom more.
"Koruuiutae ueginning and end of the cnapter, though
this might be thought enough by any reasonable man. It
is now proclaimed by anti-Nebraska papers, thatyauch is
the rush of emigration in this direction, that, like the too
abundant rains which swell rivers, it will overflow its natu-
ral bounds, and passing the immense territory of Texas,
make two or three new free States out of soil which had been
devoted to slaeery ! German emigrants are universally anti-
slavery men, both from principle and from taste, being un-
able to endure contact with the colored race; and already
occupying the western part of Texas, they will unite with
the emigrants from the North and West in organizing free
States on the soil of slavery .
" Nor is this all, great and good as it is. It is stated that
Missouri is awakening to thoughts of freedom. Slavery was
never strong there, and is mainly confined to the rich bot-
tom lands of the Mississippi, while the western portion
of the State is almost exclusively occupied by free men.
During the last few years the naniber of slaves have been
diminishing, as things that were: and now, when the State
shall be nearly surrounded by free States, and the escape of
slaves beeome so easy, and when so large a portion of the
people are opposed to it, both from interest and principle, it
| is thought by those well acquainted with the state of public
1 feeling that slavery will give way to surrounding circum-
, stances, and Missouri itself join the sisterhood of free States
around her ! Should not such prospects satisfy the most zeal-
ous Abolitionist. 7 Should not the part only which is moral
certainty, create the most devout thanksgiving ? Utah, New
Mexico, Nebraska, the territory of a dozen future independ-
| eut States, and Kansas, all sure to be free, besides two or
I three to be carved from Texas, and Missouri itself to be free!
I «'A  could expect so much ? Who asks for more ? The Abo-
litionists have harangued for freedom, preached for free-
i dom, and, as they say, prayed for freedom over this vast
| territory. Should they not thank Heaven and be content when
II they re reive what they asked1}
" Indeed, they now admit, almost without an exception,
that such results have been secured by the Nebraska bill—
| results grand, permanent, and glorious, such as no single act
| of Congress has ever before secured.
j "The Nebraska bill works gloriously and triumphantly for
I freedom. No act of any President or any Congress has
secured so much and so suddenly and so easily for liberty, and
men of all parties will be obliged to acknowledge, with the
intelligent and honest National Intelligencer, and on the
day after the passage of the bill, that though tney opposed
it from beginning to end for the sake of peace and good
feeling throughout the nation, yet truth and honesty re-
quired them to confess their belief that the North and the
South should change their position; and the North go for
the bill and the South oppose it."
Like his friend, the President, this editor
believes the Nebraska bill to be the great measure
of freedom.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, (interrupt-
ing.) I desire to ask the gentleman whether, if
he had been in Congress, he would not have
voted for the Kansas-Nebraska bill?
Mr. CARLILE. Never, never, never! I
have answered that question before upon this
floor; I committed myself upon it when the bill
was pending in this House, as I stated in my
remarks submitted in January last, in a letter
which I wrote to the then representative of my
district. Sir, I am a southern man, a union
man, and a national man. If I know myself,
I never would, for the purpose of party success,
surrender a single constitutional southern or
northern right; and I think I might make the
charge, and I believe I could prove it, that this
Nebraska bill, in the language of Mr. Bayard
in the Cincinnati Convention, was necessary for
the preservation of the Democratic party. It
went with one face North and with another face
South. But, sir, the southern Democrats have
been compelled, under the pressure of their
northern allies—these sound, Constitution-lov-
ing, pro-slavery allies of theirs, to yield what
they said was the true construction of the bill, and
not only to do this, but to plant upon their plat-
form, thus containing this principle of popular
sovereignty, a man who they told us before the
assembling of the convention was not identified
with the measure,- and whose nomination and
election would not quiet this slavery agitation.
Sir, well may it be said, that the nomination
of Mr. Buchanan is an abandonment of every
principle heretofore contended for by the Democ-
racy of Virginia, and an adoption of the old ex-
ploded Whig policy, as well as a committal to all
their measures except a United States Bank.
The Democracy of Virginia have ever denied all
constitutional power to Congress to construct
works of internal improvement; yet they are now
called upon to act with a party who must, if the
i resolution in their platform was adopted in good
I faith, admit some power upon the subject, and
| who have by resolution pledged themselves to
| the exercise of that power; and they are also
I called upon to vote for a man for President who
is willing to appropriate the pul^lic money to
I make a railroad to the Pacific. I read from the
Daily Evening Star, of the 24th April, 1856, the
lesser Democratic organ published in this city:
" Mr. Buchanan on the Pacific Railroad.—A Dem-
ocratic subscriber at a distance has asked us to enlighten
liiin upon the position of Mr. Buchanan on the Pacific rail-
road question ; and we have accordingly hunted up that
distinguished gentleman's speech, delivered at the dinner
at the Merchants' Hotel, in Philadelphia, on the 12th of
July, 18o3, the occasion being in honor of the visit of Pres-
ident Pierce to that city, on his northern tour. It embraces
all that has ever appeared in print concerning Mr. Buch-
anan's views on the subject, and therefore it may fairly be
taken as his ' platform' on the Pacific railroad question.
It'is as follows:
"' The Mayor (who presided at the banquet) proposed the
health of the Hon. James Buchanan, which was received
with six cheers.
" ' Mr. Buchanan responded. He did not intend to make
a speech, but after he had been called out in such a way by
his honorable friend from Mississippi, it would be discour-
teous to him and to the Mayor not to say something. He
1 admitted that Colonel Davis was a strict constructionist.
| He had never known but one man who could excel his
friend from Mississippi in that, and that was a friend of his
from old Virginia in olden times. This gentleman was
, taken alarmingly ill, and was at the point of death, and all
i that troubled his conscience was, lest he might be buried in
the Congressional burying ground at the public expense. Ho
1 sent for a friend, and, in prospect of eternity, said, " I would
nearly as lief take my chance of being d d as to enter-
tain the idea that Congress^ without authority from the
Constitution, should appropriate money to bury me." [Great
laughter.] That gentleman was more of a strict construc-
tionist than his (Mr. B.'s) friend Davis; for the latter had
got so far as to be willing to appropriate the public money
! to make a railroad to the Pacific, with which he himself
i entirely agreed. In reference to what had been said of
[ Pennsylvania, he would say, that he felt, on this occasion,
like Rob Roy McGregor, " on his native heath." He was
proud of Pennsylvania. He was born and nurtured in it,
j and he might be as disconsolable as the friend from Vir-
I ginia to whom he referred, if he supposed it would be his
fate to die out of it. Pennsylvania had always been true
to the Union. When clouds lowered over the horizon in all
quarters of the country—when the bravest hearts quailed
at the impending prospect—where did Pennsylvania stand?
Where did Philadelphia stand?
" ' The great meeting then held in Philadelphia, without
distinction of party, contributed greatly to roll back the
| black tide of fanaticism and disunion, when Whigs and
Democrats in Pennsylvania were found, as he trusted they
would always be found, standing in defense of the rights
and liberties of the Union. [Great applause.] He was,
therefore, proud to accept the compliments paid to Penn-
sylvania by his friend from Mississippi. He knew that the
gentleman was friendly to the State of Pennsylvania, or at
least one individual in the State. [Great applause.] After
some further remarks, the honorable gentleman resumed
his seat amidst prolonged cheering.'
" It is due to Secretary Davis that we should add, that
in writing out his speech to which Mr. Buchanan refers
above, he made it plain that that distinguished gentleman
misunderstood his views concerning the propriety of appro-
priating the public money to make arailroad to the Pacific."
Mr. Chairman, I had intended to notice the
resolutions of the platform, announcing what is
to be the foreign policy of Mr. Buchanan's ad-
ministration should he be elected; but my time
will not allow of it, and I shall content myself
with reading the following editorial from the tri-
weekly Richmond Enquirer of the 9th of May,
1856.
" The United States and Nicaraoda The revolu-
tionary Government of Nicaragua has commissioned Padre
Vijil to represent its interests in Washington; and the
most trustworthy newspaper correspondents positively af-
firm that the Cabinet are debating the propriety and policy
of receiving him in his official character. This act would
be equivalent to a recognition of the Walker-Ri Vila Govern-
ment, and would commit the United States to lesponsibil-
ities which may precipitate the country into unforeseen and
very burdensome embarrassments. We believe the Presi-
dent will decline to expose the Government to the hazards
which it will inevitably incur by contracting diplomaUc
relations with the filibusters of Nicaragua.
" The foreign policy of this Administration has been dis-
tinguished by a respectful observance of tli e faith of treaties,
and the obligations of public law. Prompt and energetic in
protecting the dignity of the country and the rights of Amer-
ican citizens, the Government has yet afforded no pretext
of offense to other Powers. On the contrary, by a happy
combination of vigor and conservatism, it has commanded
the respect of foreign nations, as well as the almost unani-
mous applause of the American people. Unless, then, we
are to assume that the Administration will abandon the
policy to which it has so persistently adhered, and deliber-
ately forfeit its conservative character, we must reject the
idea that the President proposes to accept Walker's over-
tures of alliance. It has not been many months since Mr.
Marcy refused to receive the commission of another Nie-
araguan agent, for reasons of an exclusively public import.
Nothing has occurred meanwhile to reenforce Walker's
claim to the recognition of the American Government.
Indeed, his ascendency is less secure, and his chances of
ultimate success far less flattering, than when he was first
repulsed from Washington.
"It*is questionable if, under the law of nations, the
United States would be justified in recognizing Walker's
Government. His expedition against Nicaragua was un-
deniably an aggressive invasion of a country at peace with
this Government. It is affirmed, in mitigation of the out-
rage, that he simply responded to a cry for succor from the
people of Nicaragua; but there is no proof of the allega-
