1856.]
APPENDIX TO THfe CONGRESSIONAL GLO&&
34th Cono....1st Sess.
Defense of Massachusetts—Mr. Burlingame.
Ho. of Reps.
tion. The Nicaraguan Government was not a despotism;
on the contrary it was notoriously the most liberal of all
the Central American Powers. It was a Republic, and
was even more democratic in its constitution than the
Government of the United States. Of all the Central
■American Slates it was the one to which the United States
were closest bound by similarity of institutions and the
positive engagements of treaty. It may be true that Walker
was invited to Nicaragua by the party out of power, who
wanted his assistance in usurping control of the Govern-
ment; but such a fact would no more extenuate the
criminality of hia expedition, than it wonld justify an
invasion of Canada from this country at the instance of a
malcontent and seditious minority.
"Yet, though the United States might lawfblly recog-
nise the Government which wields temporary sway over
Nicaragua, such a step would be taken at tlie hazard of
war with nations whose friendship is of infinitely more
consequence to the country than any alliance with a band
of fillibusters. Already are our relations with Great Britain
dangerously complicated. The discussion of their relative
rights in Central America has almost precipitated the two
countries into an open rupture of friendly intercourse.
Shall we still farther embarrass the difficulty, and inflame
an angry dispute, by introducing another conflicting claim
into the controversy ? Great Britain and the United States
have bound themselves, by a mutual pledge, to abstain
from any 'direct or indirect' interference in the political
relations of Central America. We impeach Great Britain
of a violation of this stipulation, and have demanded rep-
aration for the breach of a solemn engagement of treaty.
With what consistency or effect can we urge obedience to
an obligation, after it is repudiated by ourselves? Every
mind of the least sagacity must foresee that the recognition
of the existing Government in Nicaragua will involve the
United States in hostilities with Great Britain. The filli-
buster impulses of the countiy will not be satisfied with the
simple recognition of the legitimacy and stability of Walk-
er's ascendency in Nicaragua, but will demand of this Gov-
ernment to support him in his audacious schemes of ambi-
tion. In an invasion of Mexico, he would be equally enti-
tled to our sympathy; and if the Government once abandon
its. conservative policy, who can predict to what perilous
extremities it may be driven f The only just and safe pol-
icy for the country is to adhere, with scrupulous fidelity,
to conventional engagements, and the obligations of inter-
national law.
" The fillibusters of Nicaragua are not more entitled to pop-
ular sympathy than to formal recognition by the Govern-
ment. Their enterprise originated in an impulse of wicked
ambition and lawless rapine, and has resulted in the over-
throw of the only truly Democratic Government in Central
America. By what acts of pillage and cold-blooded murder
this success was achieved, we need not recite while the
story of Walker's exploits is still fresh in the public mind.
He has enforced a reluctant submission to his sway by cru-
elties which paralyze the arm of resistance. And whatsort
of Government has he established on the rains of a sister
Republic ? Pretending to be the missionary of freedom, he
illustrates the sincerity of his professions by clutching all
power in his single grasp, and subjugating the people under
the terrorism of martial law. Private property is confis-
cated to hush the clamor of his confederates, and to promote
his plans of violence and conquest. There is no law but his
arbitrary will, and no tribunal but the drum-head court.
Neither liberty of speech or action is tolerated within the
limits of his authority; and that truth may not impair the
foundation of his power, he sends a battalion of soldiers to
seize the only press that is not inspired by the breath of bis
mouth. The Sultan of Turkey is not so absolute a despot
as Walker, and the Emperor of Austria does not reign by
so severe a military repression. And yet the people of the
United States are told that he is an apostle of liberty, and
are invited to contribute to the aggrandizement of his power!
The appeal might awaken a more sympathetic response, if
Walker's army was recruited from among the respect-
able people of this eountry. A band of adventurers and
vagabonds, gathered from every quarter of the earth, and
inteut only upon criminal designs, we can neither weep at
their misfortunes nor exult over their success.
"The attempt to propitiate sympathy for Walker in the
South, by representing him as the propagandist of slavery,
cannot possibly succeed. The hereditary conservatism of
the South will yield to no such appeal. We do not seek to
extend our institutions by violence, butin a legitimate way,
and by the operation of natural growth. We do not wish
to identify our cause with rapine, nor to associate our in-
terests with the success of fiiljbasterism. In 1849 the South
resisted a far more imposing attempt to divert it from its an-
cient policy. The revolution in Hungary was justifiable by
every principle that can legalize revolt, was consolidated
into a stable government, and triumphantly sustained against
all the power of the Austrian Empire. Yet the United States
refused to recognize the independence of Hungary; and an
attempt to break off amicable relations with Austria was
defeated by the conservative influence of the South. The
conservative influence of the South is again opposed to a
policy which conflicts with the principles of public law,
and threatens to . involve the country in serious embarrass-
ments."
How does the article from the Enquirer tally
with the " stand and deliver," " Ostend circu-
lar," policy of Messrs. Buchanan, Soule & Co.,
and the filhbustering resolutions adopted at Cin-
cinnati ? The JN"icaraguan Minister was received
by President Pierce, and it may,be gratifying to ,
the lovers of the curious to know how Jiis recep- j
tion by the President was received by the En- '
quirer. Hear the following extract from an edi-
torial in that paper of the 19th day of May, 1856,
just ten days after the one I have just read was
published:
" In th« reeopiitfcm of the it facto Government of Nicar-
agua, the President no >doubt was determined by exigencies
of State, which the public are not prepared to appreciate,
for want of information on all the possible bearings of the
measure. For ourselves, though averse originally to the
establishment, at this particular crisis, of diplomatic re-
lations with the Walker-Rivas administration, and not yet
entirely satisfied of the necessity and wisdom of the policy,
still we can unhesitatingly rely upon the approved patriot-
ism and discretion of the President, until ampler informa-
tion will justify us in ti final and deliberate declaration of
opinion."
Verily this is progressive Democracy. A
teacher of truths, on the 9th of May, a party
leader and State editor with opinions of his own,
—on the 19th, ten days thereafter, partially yet
" not entirely satisfied of the necessity and wis-
| dom" of an act which ten days before he de-
nounced as wanting in both, he unhesitatingly
rtlies " upon the approved patriotism and discre-
tion" of a President whom, with all the accusa-
tions which I have ever heard urged against him,
I have never heard accused, either by friends
or foe, of having managed our foreign relations
in any other than a bungling manner, and the
country is even now holding its breath for fear
' we shall yet be involved in a war before his term
expires. If there was any way to move time
along as you do a clock, every hand in the Con-
federacy (except that of the Enquirer editor's)
would be stretched forth, and one united, hearty,
cheerful push would be given until the 4th of
March, 1857, was reached.
Mr. Chairman, my time will not allow me to
go into the reasons which influence me, and which,
in my opinion, should draw to the support of Mr.
Fillmore every conservative feeling, and every
patriot heart in the land. He, sir, is the rep-
resentative of the only party that presents to the
whole people a question of national policy about
which gentlemen north and south can differ in
opinion without involving any sectional feeling.
It is the only party that presents an issue which
knows no geographical line. But my time is up.
Mr. Chairman, in what I have said, I have
been actuated by no partisan feeling. My only-
ambition is to serve my country; to promote, so
far as in me lies, her peace; and aid, if I can, in
restoring that fraternal feeling and brotherly love
that should characterize a people having common
interests, common hopes, and a common destiny.
What I most fear is the power and influence of
party. If the people will but throw off the har- '
ness of party, discard party prejudice, and learn'
to distrust their party leaders, (who, to a great •
extent, are influenced by selfish considerations,
and who believe they have a legal right to the
spoils,) we have nothing to fear. That there is
intelligence enough, and patriotism enough, in
all parts of our country, north, south, east, artd
west, to silence agitation and to hurl from the
high places in the Government wanton disturb-
ers of the public peace, no man doubts. 1 would*
had I the ability, arouse that patriotism, awaken
that intelligence, so that the great body of the
1 people would investigate for themselves, think
for themselves, and act for themselves. -The
time is now upon us when it will not do (if we
would preserve oar institutions) to leave to polit-
ical aspirants, village politicians, and plane-hunt-
ing demagogues, the management of-affairs of
state. Politicians should not be allowed to make
issues for the people. The people should make the
issues, and their servants should execute them.
DEFENSE OP MASSACHUSETTS.
SPEECH OP HON. A. BURLINGAME,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Ik the House of.Representatives,
June 21,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BURLINGAME said:
Mr. Chairman: The House will bear witness
that I have not pressed myself upon its delibera-
tions. I never before asked its indulgence. I
have assailed no man; nor have I sought to bring
reproach upon any man's State. But, while such
has been my course, as well as the course of mv
colleagues from Massachusetts, upon this floor,
certain members have seen fit to assail the State
which we represent, not only with words, but
with blows. j
In remembrance of these things, and seizing'
the first opportunity which has presented itself for
a long time, I stand here to-day to say a word for
old Massachusetts—not that sne needs it; no, sir;
for in all that constitutes true greatness—in all
that gives abiding strength—in great qualities of
head and of heart—in moral power—in material
prosperity—in intellectual resources and physical
ability—by the general judgment of mankind,
according to her population, she is the first State.
There does not live the man anywhere, who
knows anything, to whom praise of Massachu-
setts would not be needless. She is as far beyond
that as she is beyond censure. Members here
may sneer at her—they may praise her past at''
the expense of her present; but I say, with a full
conviction of its truth, that Massachusetts, in j
her present performances, is even greater than in
her past recollections. And when I have said
this, what more can I Say ?
Sir, although I am here as her youngest and ;
humblest member, yet, as her Representative, I
feel that I am the peer of any man upon this floor.
Occupying that high stand-point, with modesty, *
but with firmness, i cast down her glove to the
whole band of her assailants.
She has been assailed in the House and out of
the House, at the other end of the Capitol and at
the other end of the avenue. There have been
brought against her general charges and specific
charges. I am sorry to find at the head of the
list of her assailants the President of the United
States, who not only assails Massachusetts but
the whole North. He defends one section of the
Union at the expense of the other. He declares
that one section has ever been mindful of its con- "
stitutional obligations, and that the other has not.
He declares that, if one section of our country
were aforeign country, the other would have just
cause of war against it. And to sustain these re-;
markable declarations, he goes into an elaborate *
perversion of history, such as that Virginia ceded
her lands against the interests of the South, for the!
benefit of the North; when the truth is she ceded
her lands, as New York and the other States did,
for the benefit of the whole country. She gave
! her lands to freedom, because she thought free-
1 dom was better than slavery—because it was the
policy of the times, and eventsfiave vindicated
that policy. ,
It is a perversion of history, when he say*,
that the territory of the country has been acquired -
more for the benefit of the North than for the.
South; he says that substantially. Sir,,out of
the territory tlras acquired five slave States, with
a pledge for four more, and two free States, have'
come ln'to the Union; and one of these, as we all
know, fought its way through a compromise*
degrading to the North.
The North does not object to the acquisition !
of territory, when it is desired, but she desires..
that it shall be free. If such a complexion had ..
been given to it, how different would have been
the fortune^ of the Republic to-day! This may .
be ascertained by comparing the progress of Ohio
with that' of any slave State in the Mississippi ;
valley. It will appear more clearly by comparing
the free with the slave regions. 1 have not time ,
to do more than to present a general picture. ,,
Freedom and slavery started together in the
great race on this continent. In the very yearJ
the Pilgrim Fathers landed in Plymouth Rock,/,
slaves landed in Virginia. Freedom has gone on ]
trampling down barbarism, and planting States—  
building the symbols of its faith byevery lake,and
every river, untii now the sons of the Pilgrims ]
stand by the shores of the Pacific. Slavery has >
also made its way toward the setting sun. It has
reached the Rio Grande on the South; and the
groans of its victims, and the clank of its chains,
may be heard as it . slowly ascends the western
tributaries of the Mississippi river. Freedom has .
left the land bespangled with free schools, and.
filled the whole heavens with the shining towers '
of religion and civilization. Slavery has left des-
olation, ignorance, and death in its path. When
we look'at these things; when we see what the
couhtry would have been had freedom been given '
to the Territories; when we think what it would
have been but for this blight in the bosom of the
country; that the whole South—that fair land God
has blessed so much—would liare been covered '
