1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEr
  , 
action of the committee. If the committee ii
not have the power, of course they must,
their investigations. But they do notins;stu °P
it. They are willing that the Senate shall Jof"
down the proposition, if the body think nrrm 
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator £0''
to postpone the special order ? - v 8
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Yes, sir; I
submit the motion, in order to have the cmo«;
voted on. It will not take half an hour
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Tp •
nessee moves to postpone the special order
Mr. STUART. The Senator fromTenness
must see that it is impossible to have a vote
his proposition. The Senator from (Jeort?11
[Mr. Iverson] stated distinctly the other
that he desired to speak on this question wh > ^
should come up again. He has the floor on^t?
subject. He has just now suggested that h
not willing to yield it. Therefore it would be ° 'S
possible to take the vote, as that Senator des'™*
to speak on the subject. There are other S
tors, also, who would like to be heard. Cna~
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The committee will
not insist on it in opposition to the sense of th
Senate, but they wish to have the question !i
cided. I hope the Senator from Georgia -,1
allow the vote to be taken. He himselfW1i
fered a resolution on which he can speak. aS °
Mr. IVERSON. I cannot consent to let .1
final vote be taken on the proposition introdi h
by the Committee on Naval Affairs, without'
pressing my views on it. I am opposed to tifi
proposition, and I think I can satisfy t]le g
at the proper time, if they will listen to nie tl
it ought not to be adopted, and that the n'm
ought not to be conferred on that committee ]VGr
011 a select committee specially appointed for t)1'!
purpose. I do not desire to address the Sen t
to-day. e
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I withdraw tl
motion to-day. ' e
PRIORITY OF BUSINESS DEFICIENCY BILI
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to ask thocongcnt f
the Senate to take up the deficiency bill, for ,,
purpose of making it, the special order fn>-
o'clock on Wednesday. It will be a week0/10
morrow since that bill has been reported from ,i°"
Committee 011 Financc. It ought to be acted
as soon as possible. It will be recollected tv.0n
wo have undertaken to originate appropriat' at
bills in the Senate, and if we are to pursue tL°'!
plan, we ought to adopt the same practice wlii 1
is adopted by rule m the House of Represei t
tives, of giving the appropriation bills the prv8"
donee. I hope we shall be allowed to take tt^
for the purpose of making it the special
one o'clock on Wednesday.
Mr. STUART. 1 suppose that I ought n0f
object to the motion of the Senator from Viro-i ■
under one view of the case, being a member'"c
the Committee on Finance; and yet, m anoth .
view of the case, I think the motion ought not t *'
have been made, and in that view I cannot cn °
sistently consent to it. As I understand thocoi1-"
tesy and usages of the Senate, I was first entitl h"
to submit my motion—n motion which 1 p. ,
notice a week ago last Wednesday that I wouH
make on that day. I postponed it then until
day to accommodate the business before the <? °"
ate. I indicated that I should, by the instruct?0"
of the Committee on Commerce, make a nio''0"
to have the river and harbor improvement l"'?]11
considered to-day. It was generally known tl
that duty devolved on me. Now, sir, J am
pelled, under the directions of that committee t"
resist all motions to give precedence toother bus'°
ncss until the bills reported by that committ '"
shall be considered, unless the Senate decide iw
to take them up. 1 submit that I ought to ]je
liberty to move to proceed with my bills. I
I may say there is a disposition on the part of th'
Senate always to take up the appropriation bill°
at the earliest moment consistent with other bus'8
ness, and pass them as soon as possible; but'f
think it would be a bad practicc to nmke'an an
piopriation bill a special order. Such bills hold
that position by virtue of their own impoitailc
in the mind of the Senate, as a body and im};^
uaily.
1 hope we shall be permit ted to take up the bin .
which I have indicated, and that the Senate \v It
dispose of them. They aie bills 111 which lh>
Mr. BUTLER presented the memorial of James
Morrow, praying for compensation for services
as agriculturist to the Japan expedition under
Commodore Perry; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of .Tames
Jacobs, praying for a pension for services during
the war of 1812; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the representatives ofCharles
Newhold, deceased, on the files of the Senate, be lefeired
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
REFERENCE CHANGED.
Mr. WELLER. The other day a report was
received from the Secretary of War relative to
the establishment of an armory in the city of
Washington. On my motion, that report was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. I
heard a word or two of the report, anil moved that
reference, supposing that it was 011 the subject of
armories generally. I had had no consultation
with any person in regard to the subject, and was
not aware that it related exclusively to the estab-
lishment of an armory in the District, of Colum-
bia. In my judgment, the proper reference would
have been to ,the Committee on the District of
Columbia, which has particular charge of that
portion of our business which is connected-.with
the interests of the people of the District. I move
that the Committee on Military Affairs bo dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
report, and that it be referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. RUSK gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to establish a separate
land distuct south of the Gila, to create the office
of surveyor general therein, to provide for the
confirmation of land claims and donations to ac-
tual settlers, and survey of the lands, and for
other purposes.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked and, by unanimous
consent, previous notice not having been given,
obtained leave to bring in a bill for the relief of
Samuel A. Morse and others; which was read
the first and second times by unanimous consent,
and referred, with the accompanying papers, to
the Committee on Commerce.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to report, pursuant
to agreement, the bill of the Committee 011 Ter-
ritories, to accompany the report which was
submitted the other day. I desire that it may be
read, and an order made that it be printed. As
I understand that the honorable Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Clayton] wishes to submit
some remarks to the Senate, I will not now do
what I intended—take the sense of the Senate as
to when they will open the discussion on that
bill, and when I may submit some remarks giving
my opinions in regard to it. I now report a bill
entitled "A bill to authorize the people of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas to form a constitution and State
government preparatory to their admission into
the Union, when they have the requisite popula-
tion."
The bill was read the first and second time
by its title.
CLAYTON-BULWEll TREATY.
Mr. CLAYTON. If there is no further busi-
ness for the morning hour, I desire to ask the
Senate to indulge me by taking up the motion
which I made long since to refer the letter of Lord
John Russell, in relation to the affairs of Central
America, to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
It will be remembered, sir, that that motion was
debated at considerable length, and that, at the
time when it was last discussed, the subject was
laid over, in order that I might have an oppor-
tunity to submit some views upon it before it was
finally disposed of. As I do not intend to address
the Senate at any great length, I desire, if it be
their will, to be heard now; and I therefore ask
that the motion be taken from the table.
Mr. STUART. 1 have 110 disposition to inter-
fere with the Senator from Delaware; I only wish
to apprise him of the position which I occupy,
and see whether there may not be some under-
standing which willnotinterferewithhim. Nearly
two weeks ago the Committee on Commerce
instructed me, when certain river and harbor im-
provement bills were reported from that commit-
tee, to give notice that I would move to take them
up at a certain day. That day was Wednesday
of last week; but the business of the Senate at
that time postponed the consideration of those
bills, and I then gave notice that I should ask the
Senate to take them up to-day. I should like to
have it done, if possible, without interfering with
the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. CLAYTON. I am not disposed to inter-
fere with the Senator in his desire to act upon
those bills. I know they are very important
measures, and I hope they will be acted upon
speedily; but now, in the morning hour, I desire to
make the address to the Senate which I propose.
Mr. STUART. 1 have no objection to that.
The motion of Mr. Clayton was agreed to,
and the Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion to refer to tne Committee 011 Foreign Re-
lations Lord John Russell's letter of January
19, 1853.
Mr. CLAYTON proceeded to address the Sen-
ate until notified by the President of the expira-
tion of the morning hour.
Mr. WELLER. Is it necessary to dispose of
the subject on which the Senator from Delaware
has spoken by a motion?
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Delaware, to refer
Lord John Russell's letter to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. WELLER. I hope that subject will be
postponed. I shall be under the necessity of
calling it up at some future time for the purpose
of expressing my opinions 011 some questions
started to-day by the Senator from Delaware.
He and I differ very widely as to the character of
General Walker and those engaged with liini in
the State of Nicaragua. I move to postpone the
further consideration of this subject until Monday
next.
Mr. RUSK. I have also an issue to make with
the honorable Senator from Delaware in refer-
ence to the nature of the territory between the
Mississippi river and the Pacific, and the practi-
cability of a railroad across the continent.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from California, to post-
pone the further consideration of the subject until
Monday next.
Mr. STUART. As I understand the rules,
the arrival of the hour for the consideration of the
special order postpones it until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. It is in the power of the
Senate to postpone it to a day certain.
Mr. STUART. I desire that it should lie over
until called up at such time as gentlemen who
wish to speak on it shall desire.
Mr. WELLER. I move, then, that it lie on the
table for the present. Certainly there have been
many things said by the Senator from Delaware
to-day, which ought not to receive the sanction of
some of us from that section of country of which
he has been speaking. I move that it lie on the
table for the present; and I shall take occasion to
call it up, in order to express my views 011 some
of the topics alluded to by the Senator from Del-
aware.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have by no means term-
inated my remarks upon the subject; I have much
to say yet. *
Mr. WELLER. Then, of course, it should lie
on the table for the present. I make that mo-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I ask the consent
of the Senate—and I hope there will be 110 objec-
tion—to take a vote on the proposition which 1
submitted on Tuesday morning last, to give power
to the Committee 011 Naval Affairs to send lor
persons and papers in the investigations which
they propose to carry on in reference to the pro-
ceedings of the late board. I have not another
word to say 011 it.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope that motion will not
be agreed to. I wish to debate the subject.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Gentlemen will
perceive that by delay they are arresting the
