1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1880
deplore. I feel constrained, without entering into
the discussion, to say that I shall vote against
taking up the resolution; and I shall vote against
the resolution in its present form if it be taken
up. It is an implied indictment of the course
of the President of the United States. It is an
implied indictment of the couse of the military
commander there. It is a statement of facts by
inference, that certain transactions are occurring
which are beyond the control of the Administra-
tion.
I do not know that such' extraordinaay occur-
rences are taking place in Kansas, so dangerous
to the peate of the country. I have seen in news-
papers contradictory statements about them. In
one instance, recently, I have seen a statement
that some eight pro-slavery men were murdered
in cold blood: it may or may not be so. But we
have a code of laws existing in the Territory,
and we have judicial officers competent and ready
to try offenders and bring them to justice. We
have ample power there to accomplish it, and I,
for one, am not disposed to transfer this power
from its legitimate hands—those of the President
—to any other. I am not disposed to cast a
censure on the military authority there, in an
emergency which I do not consider so great as
is represented, by substituting a higher com-
mander.
The President, in all emergencies of this kind,
has uniformly evinced a determination, and has
carried it out successfully, to maintain the laws
of the land, and I feel confident that he will do so
now. When the laws of the United States were
being violated in the old Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts, the President's declaration was, that
the laws would and should be maintained at all
hazards, and he did maintain them. In that in-
stance, an officer of the Government was shot
down in the city of Boston—shot down, if I rec-
ollect right, in the court-house itself. It created
no excitement whatever. It seemed to be one of
the acts of the drama growing legitimately out of
the transaction; but the President did enforce
the law. I have not the slightest doubt that if
we say nothing in discussion about the measures
going on in Kansas; if we enter into no details
of the proofs of those transactions, so as to pro-
duce excitement, in a very short time things there
taking their natural course, will settle down into
a calm. At all events, until the Executive shall
communicate to Congress that the powers with
which he is vested are not sufficient to maintain
the peace of our Territory, and that some other
measures are necessary, I shall be indisposed to
direct him, by an extraordinary interposition of
Congress traveling out of its usual course, to
employ any special officer of the Government.
I say this is a direction; for if the Executive be
requested by a resolution to employ a particular
officer, and he should think proper to disobey
that request, he would be assuming a very grave
responsibility. I am disposed to lay the respons-
ibility where it legitimately lies—on the Exec-
utive. If he has not already done, or if he shall
not do in the future, everything necessary and
becoming his position to produce peace m the
Territory and to compel obedience to the law,
I will hold him to his responsibility. If these
transactions are taking place in Kansas; if the
peace of the country is disturbed there, nothing
more is necessary than that these men should
obey the laws of the land. Let them obey the
laws of the land, and theie will bo 110 disturbance
in Kansas. Whatever these disturbances are,
they arise out of a refusal to obey the laws of the
land, and are of a revolutionary character. The
President is fully empowered to put them down,
and I have the fullest confidence that he will i
do so. :
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I confess, Mr. Presi- ;
dent, that I am not a little surprised, and 1 may
say, also, that I am deeply grieved, at the oppo- !
sition which, unexpectedly, has manifested itself :
to this resolution. I had hoped for a different i
result. It was proposed in the utmost simplicity j
of purpose, as a means by which, probably, the j
anarchy and bloodshed which now prevail in '
Kansas might be suppressed. Can the proposi-
tion which I have made produce any injurious [
effect? Is there a single gentleman here, who, ;
amidst all the ingenious search for objections ]
to this resolution, has found any evil that can |
result from it? Not one, sir. Why, then, be so I
extremely strict and hypercritical in making ob-
jections to a measure which can do no harm and
may do good? 1 believe it will produce good;
and all admit it is an experiment attended with
no danger.
Mr. President, there is — I say it with all re-
spect—an exceeding and unusual degree of ten-
derness in regard to presidential sensibilities and
presidential prerogatives. One Senator says this
is a reflection on the Executive; another says, it
is an encroachment on his power. It is neither,
sir. It is intended, I know, in no disrespect to
the President. I feel, personally as well as offi-
cially, a proper respect and regard for the Presi-
dent. I think he has been, at leist, as much
sinned against as sinning in this whole affair.
The gentleman from Florida [Mr. Mallory]
says there is nothing wanting but submission
to the laws, and therefore he will not interfere:
before he will venture to act, he must have the
influence operating upon him of a presidential
message to tell him that war exists in Kansas,
or that the execution of the laws is obstructed.
Have you not that authority? Has not the Pres-
ident told you, and do you not know, that he has
commanded the interposition of military power
to keep order and preserve the peace in Kansas ?
You have the knowledge officially from the Pres-
ident himself. I do not say that the President
has not done his duty; I pronounce no opinion
upon that. The President has authorized and
commanded Colonel Sumner, the highest military
officer in command in that vicinity, to interpose
whenever he should be required by the authority
of Governor Shannon to do so. That power has
been invoked and has been used. What further
information from the President does the gentle-
man want?
He gives us a very simple recipe for the pres-
ervation and restoration of peace. He says there
is nothing to do but to—" obey the laws !" Sir,
nothing could be more simple than the gentle-
man's remedy. But what is it that makes an-
archy? Why is interference necessary? It is
because people have different views of what the
laws mean, and of the character of the laws.
Disobedience to the laws is the cause of every
insurrection in every portion of the world, and it
cannot be otherwise. Unhappily for mankind,
the gentleman's remedy is not adequate to the
disease. If by the breath of your mouth you
could command peace, and there would be peace,
you would have no need of the interposition of
military force, or of any other description of
force. There would be no criminal prosecutions
in our courts if men would obey the laws; there
would even be no civil actions if men would all
obey the laws; much less would there be civil
war upon earth if men would all obey the laws.
Sir, it is the frailty of mankind that they some-
times prefer licentiousness to law, that passion
sometimes reigns instead of reason, and that the
law is subverted, and power and force become
necessary to preserve the peace, to protect the
quiet and honest portion of the community from
revolution and bloodshed. Is not this argument
of the gentleman answered ?
Will he sit here, and see, in a Territory subject
to our peculiar care, and our exclusive and pecu-
liar legislation, the due execution of the laws
obstructed? dangerous, bloody disturbances daily
occurring? assassinations, open murders, con-
flicts by bands of men on different sides ? Will
he sit here, while these things are going on, and
say, " I will do nothing; the people have only to
obey the laws—that is the people's business—let
them do it?" Suppose the people do not obey;
or suppose .any portion of the people, sufficient
to disturb the peace of the whole community,
refuse to do it: what will the gentleman say?
Will he still sit here, making exclamations—
" Keep the peace ! observe the laws ! and there
: will be peace?" This is all the remedy which the
gentleman will apply. He will give them a good
word; he will give them his blessing; and if that
will not answer, they may go where they will;
and it is easy to tell where, in such a case, they
will go. The gentleman can imagine it; and that
would be the upshot and the end of his remedies.
Sir, I have no doubt, as has been said, that the
intelligence received from Kansas is of a very
exaggerated character; but I ask every Senator
here if he does not know enough to make him
in his conscience believe that there is a state of
disorder, of anarchy, of violence, existing there,
which it is the duty of this Government to pat
an end to? We have the authority of the Exec-
utive that the interposition of military poorer
was necessary. He has ordered it to be used;
and it has been used. Th  use of military power
upon our own citizens, and to vindicate our own
laws, is one of the most delicate operations to be'
performed in such a Government as ours. The
idea of one citizen being required to shed the
blood of another is a fearful thing. Our Govern-
ment, founded upon popular principles, and with
liberty enough to satisfy the desires of every
rational man, might be expected to afford us
an exemption from such evils; but human pas-
sion and human frailty, here, as everywhere
else where man exists, will sometimes break
through all bonds, and the restraining hand of
the Government becomes indispensable. Is it
not so in this case? Gentlemen say, the sheriff -
can do the work. The President does not say
so; he says the contrary. It is because the
sheriff cannot do the work; it is because the laws
cannot be duly executed by their ordinary peace-
ful process, that the President, in the exercise of
his high discretion, has sent a military force to
aid the civil authority.
Now, what does this resolution propose? It
does not command anything. It leaves the Pres-
ident to say when a military force is necessary.
It prefers a simple request to the President, that
those military operations—measures of such a
delicate character—may be confided to the man-
agement of the most discreet and prudent man,
whose high reputation, whose known integrity,
and whose known patriotism, all surround him
with a sort of influence that may supersede the
use of arms; or if not, will give the country the
highest assurance that they will be used only
upon proper occasions, and under the proper
necessity and exigency. This is all that the res-
olution requests. It is not to raise an army against
Kansas; it does not propose to send any military
force against Kansas; it supposes that the Execu-
tive may think it necessary, and that it may be-
come necessary; and all it requests is, that, in that
event, we may have the highest assurance that
this military force will be conducted with the
greatest discretion, with the greatest forbearance,
and with the greatest energy, when it becomes
necessary to act. We request that he will appoint
a certain officer known to the whole country.
Now, sir, is there anything unreasonable in
this? We are told that we have no right to take
power out of the hands of the President? Does
this take any power out of his hands? It recog-
nizes his supreme power over this matter, and
therefore it merely makes a request of him. It
gives to General Scott no authority; it merely
requests that he may be placed there to have
command of the military operations under the
President's instructions. The President is to in-
struct him how to act, in conducting any military
operations that may be necessary. Is there not
all proper respect shown to the authority of the
President? There is no encroachment on his
power. Is it any encroachment on the power of
the Senator from Florida, who is chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, if I should re-
quest him, for instance, in relation to the action
of the naval board, to examine the case of a par-
ticular individual, with the hope that he might
be able to make a favorable report? Is a request
on any subject, addressed by one gentleman to
another, or by one public officer to another, nn
encroachment? The person advised or requested
is at full liberty to decline the request; his power
is not diminished. It makes a suggestion to him
and an inquiry of him. The President, like our-
selves and all others in office, is the servant of
this Government and of the people of the United
States. Are we not at liberty to make sugges-
tions and requests to one another, to promote
the general welfare and the good of the whole
people whom in common we serve? Iiow make
a constitutional question about our right to re-
quest? The Constitution only restrains ourpower
to legislate. Our power to command is restrained
by the Constitution; but to make a request or a
suggestion, or to express an opinion, is not pro-
hibited by the Constitution. The right to request
is a mere incident—not a principal matter—in the
exercise of the powers of Government.
The Senator from Connecticut fMr. Totcev}
