1300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
says, that we have no more right to prefer a re-
quest than the same number of gentlemen assem-
bled anywhere else in the country. Well, have
not the same number, or a less number, of gentle-
men assembled in any part of the country, a right
to make a request of the President of the United
States? Certainly they have. If we have as
much right as they have, it is all that is neces-
sary. Is the President not to be requested? Is
his dignity of that soft and delicate character,
his majesty of that refined texture, that it will
not bear even the touch of a request ? that you
must trust in his infallibility, and in a wisdom
too profound to be questioned, constantly welling
up and gushing forth, comprehending, from the
highest to the lowest, all the infinite and innu-
merable incidents which can affect the welfare
of a mighty nation ? Sir, it is worse than idle
to indulge in fancies so ridiculous.
But the gentleman from Florida knows of no
precedent to justify this. Suppose there were
none: that consideration would deserve some, but
very little, weight. In ordinary cases you would
not resort to such a course; but in high emergen-
cies, amidst portentous events, and in perilous
times, if the Senate should conceive anything
which they deem of great importance to the coun-
try, would it not be their duty to suggest it, and to
require it to be done, even if the President alone
could do it? Should we not fail in our duty, if, in
the way of its performance, we should put a little
scruple like this, that wo were interfering with the
President or touching his feelings? Would that
excuse us, even to ourselves? Would it excuse
us to the world ? Would it excuse us to our con-
stituents? No, sir; it would notexcuse us to either
of these tribunals, to which we should be ame-
nable. But, by this act, we do no wrong to any
one; we intrench upon no man's power.
Let me tell the gentleman from Florida there
have been instances in which the Senate has vol-
unteered its advice to the President. The Senate,
of its own motion, requested the President of the
United States to send a minister to Rio de Janeiro.
In a little matter of that sort, for the purpose of
affording some advancement and encouragement
to commerce by sending a minister to a country
with which before we had no diplomatic inter-
course—m view of that comparatively insignifi-
cant commercial interest, we asked the President
to institute a new mission. The Senator from
Connecticut has searched the Journals of the
Senate, and he finds himself relieved from all duty
of expressing any opinion as to what ought to
he done on this subject, because he can find no
instance on record of such a request being made
by the Senate to the President. I have just given
him one. Let him search the Journals a little
more and he will find it; and when he is looking
for that he will lind others. And what was the
occasion.which justified that request then, in the
opinion of the Senate, in comparison with that
which now summons us to the performance of
all our duties on the great subject before us?
Nothing. There, some little interest of commerce
was to be attended to; here, ail anarchy (which
is disgraceful to you who have the power to put
it down and yet permit, it) prevails, accompanied
with every sort of disorder and bloodshed. Al-
though the accounts arc greatly exaggerated, we
know that the blood of those to whom you owe
protection is (lowing each day by fratricidal hands.
Wc, standing here in view of these things—ioe,
summoned by this spectacle— we, who have the
power, have done nothing to put an end to it, to
restore peace or to grant protection. Are we to
act in such a case as we do in ordinary cases ?
Are we to insist upon a precedent, proceed only
upon a technical form, and neglect the substance,
when blood pays the penalty of every delay on
our part? or shall we do everything that can be
suggested, which may have a tendency to give
security and peace to the country, and stop the
effusion of blood ?
You say this is a small affair. Sir, in one sense,
nnd viewed from one stand-point, it may be so
considered; but that little cloud which now covers
the sparse population of Kansas may soon be
enlarged, and may lower upon your house and
mine, and upon every man's house. The growth
of evil is rapid; the growth of anarchy is but too
congenial to the excited and irritated passions
and hearts of mankind. Are you to standstill in
the midst of such .scenes, and cry aloud, with
folded arms, " Obey the laws, and all this will
ccase!" Is that the secret—is that the mystery
of all government? Is that the great remedial
process, which, ill such a case, may be relied upon
as a safe security? If so, government would be
the easiest thing in the world; it would not be
necessary to send here such eminent, and experi-
enced, and wise men, as compose the Senate, at
great cost to the country, to exercise the powers
of government and give protection, when, by
speaking a single word, and pointing out the
disease, we can cure it all, and restore in a single
moment from the very bosom of anarchy, a hal-
cyon peace. When we shall come to that day,
when the words of my friend from Florida will
have potency enough about them to charm the
arms out of the hands of men banded against each
other in deep passion, and in deadly quarrel, then
I shall withdraw my resolution; then there will
be no occasion for it—the whole matter will be
settled by a word. By the magic spell of that
"still,small voice," he will charm mankind out
of frailty and passion, out of war and bloodshed;
the spirit of evil will be exorcised by a whisper;
the demon of discord " with Ate by his side come
hot from hell," will be sent back howling to his
abode by a mere admonition " to obey the jaws;"
and gentle peace, with healing on her wings, will
then resume her empire, [daughter.] No, sir;
that will not do. But [ do not decide that ques-
tion; the President has decided it—the very author-
ity which the gentleman says he must have. The
President has told us that there are disorders,
breaches of the peace, subversions of law, and
violence in every form, existing to such an extent,
and supported by such combinations of men, as to
require the interposition of military power; and
he has ordered the military power to act.
But gentlemen say wo ought not to interfere in
this matter. Interference at all by military force
is one species of the exercise of the war power.
When the civil, peaceful modes of society and of
law can no longer perform their offices undis-
turbed—when they are obstructed by violence and
combinations of men, then, by the Constitution,
force, military force, to the extent which the emer-
gency requires, is to be employed. Whose prov-
ince and whose duty is it to direct it? Who
makes war? Congiess, and Congress alone can
declare war. Tins resolution has reterence to a
state of things amounting to hostility and war.
Have we no right to act on it? Gentlemen tell
us the President has full power to act on this
matter, and they rely 011 the President. Do they
know that the President has full power—do they
know that while. Congress is in session the Pres-
ident has authority to employ the military force
of the country for any purpose whatever? Are
they sure that they know it? 1 do not think they
are. When Congress is not in session he may call
out the militia to repel invasion; but the Consti-
tution, on this subject of war, has carefully re-
served all that great power to the Congress of the
United States, and has left not a particle of it in
the hands of the President, exe.ept mere extraor-
dinary, temporary, and provisional authority. I
will not say now that the President has no right
during the session of Congress to call out the
militia for the purpose of suppressing insurrec-
tion, or removing obstructions to the laws. I
will not take it upon myself at this time to say
so; but I take it upon myself to say that gentle-
men have a much clcarcr" perception of the stat-
ute law of the United States than I have, if they
can affirm that it is a question clear, beyond
doubt. I hope the laws may bear that construc-
tion; but if they do, I ask you if they are not
rather an encroachmentupon,anda transgression
of, that exclusive power which is given us over
every subject of war by the Constitution of tho
United States. It is by law that the President
has the authority of calling out the militia to sup-
press insurrection, or of employing the military
power of the country for tho same purpose.
Then, to say the least—for I wish to press
nothing beyond its proper bounds—the employ-
ment of military force in this case is a matter in-
timately connectod with that subject which ex-
clusively belongs to our jurisdiction—the question
of war. In relation to that subject, may we not
simply say to the President, "We consider the
signs of the times as indicative of peril, not only
demanding military force, but requiring at its
head, to manage and conduct it, a man adding the
power of a great reputation and a temper of great
conciliation to his qualities as a soldier, in order
that no unnecessary extremity may be superin-
duced, and in order that no unnecessary or harsh
conduct may bring on a conflict and the slaughter
of American citizens?"
Mr. President, I did not intend to take so much
time. I regret that it has been necessary for me
to occupy any portion of the time of the Senate.
I think there is not any one of us who does not
believe that a state of things utterly subversive of"
law, utterly destructive of order—an anarchy, I
may say, a bloody anarchy—exists in Kansas.
It may not deserve to be called civil \ifar; I will
not use that fearful, that hateful term. There is
not a man, however his feelings may revolt from
the contemplation of such an event, who must
not see, in what already exists, that the circum-
stances are such as to lead directly in the course
that goes to civil war, and that our pathway is
already marked with blood.
Is it not time to interpose? Is it not time to
consider this matter of consequence enough to
deserve the attention of the Senate? May not ike
people say that ice have shown no disposition to act ?
When the whole country is excited and inflamed
by this local cause, and the questions with which
it connects itself, ought we not to manifest to the
country every disposition to do anything and
everything that may contribute to its pacification?
I think so; and it is under that sense of obliga-
tion that I have offered this resolution, which may
subserve, in some small degree, that great pur-
pose. It is under a sense of obligation to do any-
thing, small or great, which may contribute to the
restoration of peace, and concord, and harmony
for this nation, that I have offered this proposition.
If the circumstances, as I think they do, call for
it, they call for it promptly.
I do not stand here to eulogize, nor has it been
my purpose at all to praise or eulogize General
Scott; but in casting around, he seemed to me to
be the very man of all the nation for this crisis.
You can hardly send anybody there who will not
be considered a partisan—who willnot have some
interest in politics, some party to serve. To one
side or the other all this will be disagreeable and
offensive. He will be viewed with jealousy and
suspicion; liis office of mediation will be to that
extent made useless and unavailing. General
Scott stands now without the circle of politics.
Ilis country has given him an honor which grat-
ifies his noblest ambition. Ho is altogether out
of the political circle, set apart to hold the sword
of his country, and to use it only when I10 is com-
manded by the properly-constituted authorities,
and when its edge is to be turned towards his coun-
trymen to use it with a tear, he finding even in
victories of this sort won against his countrymen
much to regret. His great name will give force to
every word of conciliation andreconeiliation which
he utters. His counsels, I believe, will be as laws
to his countrymen for the present occasion, and
will stay that violence which is now existing and
prevailing in every part of, and throughout all
the borders of, Kansas.
My feelings, 011 this occasion Justify me in again
expressing the anxious hope that this resolution
will not be postponed, but will be at once adopted
by the Senate. I am satisfied that the President
cannot and will not regard it as any disrespect.
I offer it without consultation with half a dozen,
or even half that number of friends. It was con-
ceived in no spirit of disrespcct—in no spirit of
encroachment on executive power. I thought
there could be no question of constitutionality
interposed—that everlasting question applied to
everything which we do not like. 1 thought
there could be no offense taken from it, and no
objection made as to our simple right to prefer a
request or express an opinion. This is all that
the resolution does. After requesting that Gen-
eral Scott may be placed there in the position
in which his rank would place him, in the com-
mand of all the military operations which may
take place there, the resolution provides that he
shall do all this under the instructions of the
President of the United States. There the su-
preme command is lodged by the Constitution,
and from that General Scott's instructions must
be issued,and he will be bound to obey them.
I am sure there is every disposition on my
part to treat the President with tho greatest re-
spect. If X had pleasod, individually, humble,
