1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1391
uninfluential,and unimportant a man as I am, to
prefer this request to nim, would it have been
unconstitutional ? Might not half adozen Senators
have gone to him, and preferred such a request?
Might not a dozen? Might not twenty? If all
these might have done it, or any one of these
might have done it, is there any objection to the
whole Senate requesting him by resolution to do
the same thing? Surely, this is a question on
which the Constitution has not controlled or re-
strained us Ht all. Advice unasked, I know, is
generally but little thanked. I know it is a thank-
less task to give it; but when it is done in terms
respectful as these, I cannot think any President
of the United States would" consider such a re-
spectful suggestion or request as any derogation
of his power. I believe that, upon more consid-
eration, the gentlemen upon the other side will
themselves come to the same conclusion. It is a
power which has been exercised. It is a power
about which, taking it as an original question, I
should have supposed that no question or no dis-
pute could arise. Let me introat you, Senators,
to considerthat circumstances demand something
of us. This is not all that is needed, but it is
something. It may weigh but little; but if it
weighs only as the dust in the balance, and in-
clines it towards peace, is it not a good thing to
be done? Can it possibly be productive of any
evil ?
Do you say it will dignify these lawless pro-
ceedings in Kansas too much to send General
Scott there ? Sir, the Romans not only gave
crowns of honor to those who conquered their
enemies, but a special and peculiar crown was
awarded to him who saved the life of a fellow-
citizen. That, according to their wise and heroic
morality, deserved the greatest of honors, the
civic wreath. If General Scott, by going to Kan-
sas, can contribute to the restoration of peace,
and to saving the lives of his fellow-citizens, ay,
or even one of them, from the wasteful and de-
stroying course of events now taking place there,
he would, according to Roman law, deserve a
crown. Would there be anything ignoble, any-
thing degrading on his part, in coming down and
taking any post, however humble, which would
enable him to serve his country, and save the
lives of his countrymen? Do gentlemen appre-
ciate such an office as an ignoble one? Sir, Gen-
eral Scott would consider it the noblest duty; and
if in his old age he can possibly get there, my
life upon it he will start in twenty-four hours after
he receives an order to do so, and. will never think,
as gentlemen seem to do, that he is degraded by
thus serving his country, restoring its peace, and
preventing the slaughter of his fellow-citizens.
Gentlemen seem to think that such a duty
would be a humiliation to him But do not
measure the importance of the service by its
grade or dignity. That is a very small consid-
eration. Look at the act itself; then judge of the
service by that standard. By that standard it is
noble enough for any one. In a histrionic, theat-
rical point of view, it may be very small. He
will not strut like a Napoleon upon a conquered
field, to be sure; but he will be doing a quiet and
noble work for the safety and pacification of his
country. Never tell me that this is a service un-
worthy of the highest man in our Republic. I
am only endeavoring to contribute a little toward
that same work by this resolution. If any of
us can do it, he is the man. I propose to em-
ploy the man, because of his fitness for the sta-
tion—because of his admirable adaptation to the
exigency which calls upon us to do something.
Mr. President, I ought doubly to regret the
time of the Senate which I have taken, because I
have occupied it so much less profitably and
agreeably to the Senate than it might have been
by others; and because, also, on this resolution,
presenting a single topic, I'have no doubt every
gentleman is just as capable of pronouncing an
opinion without an argument; and I ought not
to be the occasion of the loss of any more pre-
cious time m debate, when something is to be
done. Sir, action is demanded by the circum-
stances of the case. I have doubted through all
the time I have been trespassing on the Senate,
whether this debate was at all in order, merely on
the question of taking up the resolution for con-
sideration. I am not very expert in matters re-
nting to the rules of the Senate. Although 1
doubted the propriety of this debate, I felt
myself entitled to follow the example ofgentlemen
who have discussed the question m opposition to
this resolution. But if I am wrong in this view,
I hope the debate will be restricted to the proper
question now before the Senate on taking up the
resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remark that the resolution is not on the table:
it is on the files of the Senate, and it is in order,
of course, to discuss the proposition to take it
up.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I perceive
that my honorable friend from Kentucky regards
the disturbances in Kansas in a much more serious
light than I do. He introduces this resolution in
good faith, as a matter of course, and he believes
conscientiously that it will tend to have an imme-
diate effect in the pacification of the Territory;
otherwise he would not introduce it. I do not
regard it in that light. I announced before my
intention to vote against taking up the resolution,
and to voteagainst it if it be taken up. I thought
I ^ave my reasons with sufficient clearness, but I
wish now to add a few words to them.
The Senator from Kentucky has alluded to the
President's message to Congress in relation to
the Kansas question. The utmost that IhePres-
ident admitted in his message was in these words:
'•'Although serious and threatening disturbances in the
Territory of Kansas, announced to me l>y the Governor in
December last, were speedily quieted without the effusion
of blood, and m a satisfactory manner, there is, I regret to
say, reason to apprehend that disorders will continue to
occur there with increasing tendency to violence, until
somf* decisive measure he taken to dispose of the question
itself which constitutes the inducement or occasion of in-
ternal agitation and of external interference."
It is the duty of the President under the Consti-
tution to see that the laws be faithfully executed.
We have no reason to believe, on any information
before the Senate, that he is not doing so at this
time, or that any law has failed of its execution
through any misconduct or inisudministration of
the Executive.
This resolution is more than a request. When
the honorable Senator assimilates the action of the
Senate in this respect to that of five or six indi-
viduals—whether he doesitasan original prop-
osition , or as copying from the Senator from Con-
necticut—he must perceive that there is no simi-
larity between the cases. We are now callcd upon
to give a legislative character to this request.
The Senate of the United States in its exalted
position requests the President to do an act.
What is this but a direction, and, if he disobeys,
he must take the responsibility and all the odium
of so doing ? It is not the mere request of Sen-
ators in their individual capacity. I am not for
preferring such a request as a Senate, whatever I
might be willing to do as one of five or six indi-
viduals in reference to any particular command.
Has the honorable Senator from Kentucky, in
support of this resolution, produced a single in-
stance, since the foundation of the Government,
where either branch of Congress ever undertook
to direct the President, by law or otherwise, in
the employment of any particular military leader?
Certainly not; and I doubt very much whether
he can find such a case. I doubt whether (the
Constitution having conferred on him the power
of seeing the laws faithfully executed, and he
being responsible and accountable for this duty)
we have any more right to instruct him as to the
employment of a military man than as to the em-
ployment of a civilian.
As to these matters in Kansas, I confess I do
not look on them in that extraordinary light in
which the Senator from Kentucky has viewed •
them. He has given us no facts, and I am glad |
he has not, for 1 believe the discussion of details ;
here would do more to add to the excitement in
Kansas than almost anything which we could do.
Coming from this high position, details, such as
we see in the newspapers, whether we repose
more or less credence in them,'would have a most
disastrous effect, in my judgment. I see, here
and there, in Kansas—I will not characterize on
which side—a dark cloud looming up, and here
and there leaders who seem to be animated by the
ambition by which the angels fell, rather to rule
in hell than serve in Heaven, who, supposing
that they have a mission to perform, seem to go
about it without regard to the consequences, or
the means of attainment. They have had no
voice in building up the temple of the laws, and
they seem to be actuated hy that spirit of notoriety
which inflamed the Ephesian youth who set the
brand to the temple. I am not for investing men
like these with sanctity by directing the general-
in-chief of all the armies of the United States to
go there as pacificator.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Let me ask the gentle-
man if he is not for putting down such men ?
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Is he not for employing
General Scott to put them down ? Does he know
a better man ?
Mr.'MALLORY. Why, sir, I might pro-
pound the names of a hundred officers to the sen-
ator from Kentucky, and he would probably find
no objection to either of them. Unless he shows
me that there is not force enough in this Gov-
ernment now—unless he shows me that the mil-
itary force employed there to carry out the laws
of the land is not properly employed, and tl^at
the officer in command is unfit or incompetent
for his duty, I cannot say employ another. I do
not think the occasion demands the employment
of the general-in-chief; and if I did, I would leave
his employment to the spontaneous action of the
Executive, with the utmo&t confidence that he
will do whatever the best interests of the country
require. I am not for setting this example, the
first in the history of our Government, of giving
a direction to a President who, up to this hour,
has done his duty faithfully, if ever a President
in the executive chair did his duty. That is my
conviction.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Does the Senator find
any direction in this resolution? Is it anything
more than a simple request to the President?
When he speaks of the resolution, not according
to his construction or inference of it, but as it is,
as being a direction, where does he find it in the
resolution itself?
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Ken-
tucky and myself, I presume, understand the
matter precisely alike.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. We do not use the
same language.
Mr. MALLORY. The resolution is in these
words:
Resolved by the Senate of the United fitates, That the
President be, and he is hereby, requested to employ the
military seivices of Lieutenant General Scott in the paci-
fication of Kansas, and in the immediate direction and
command of ali the forces employed or to be employed
for that purpose, under such instructions, and with such au-
thority und power, as the President can and may think
proper to give to and confer upon him.
As I said before, I do not assimilate this to a
request by five or six individual Senators, or by
a majority of the Senate as individuals, but it is
an act of the Senate of the United States which
the President would be constrained to regard as
such, and not as an individual request. I am not
for setting an example of this kind, in a case
where, in my judgment, none is demanded, par^
ticularly where I consider that there have been
exigencies which more imperatively demand
such a resolution when the example was not set.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, when this reso-
lution was offered yesterday, presented at once,
and its immediate consideration desired, I ob-
jected, because it struck me as a departure from
the constitutional duties, and, I thought, from the
constitutional proprieties, of the Senate. I have
looked, as other Senators doubtless have, with
a great deal of interest, to the very unfortunate
condition of things which exists in Kansas. But,
so far as I am informed, I believe that everything
has been done which the occasion called for, or
which propriety would allow, to bring that un-
fortunate condition of things to a close. I am
very happy to find that in this I have the concur-
rent opinion of the honorable Senator who intro-
duces the resolution.
What is the conditio^ of things there ? Kan-
sas is a Territory of the United States. There
is a government organized in that Territory
under a law of the United States. Under that
law all th<s officers of the territorial government
are immediately responsible to the President. He
has been informed, because he is the only organ -
of communication, and he has informed us, that
from some extraordinary and strange causes
there have been great resistance and disobedience
manifested to the laws of the Territory. He has
I also informed us that he has used, as the Con-
stitution required, the power lodged in the Exec-
