em
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
estimate of the annual cost of keeping the chan-
nels open; and any contract made is to be limited
to the amount appropriated by the bill.
It also proposes to appropriate $330,000 for
continuing the improvement of the channels at
the mouths of the Mississippi river, which sum
is to be applied by the Secretary of War, by con
tract or otherwise.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should like to have
some information oil this subject, if it is in the pos-
session of gentlemen, i wish to know whether
estimates have been made and plans suggested
for the improvements contemplated by these ap-
propriations. They are very large. The object
is very important, and 1 should cheerfully vote
for whatever sum is necessary, but I want to
know what is the estimate and what is the plan,
if there be any. We are asked to appropriate
§300,000.
Mr. SEWAIID. For (he information of the
honorable Senator, I will state to him that this
bill, like all the others, was submitted to the Com-
• mittce on Commerce mid cxamnu d by them; and
that in this case, as in. all others, estimates and
recommendations have been made by the Depart-
ment, and the sums proposed to bo appropriated
are recommended; the plans arc settled by the
Department, and the sum m no case exceeds the
estimate.
Mr. SEIDELL. If the honorable Sena tor from
Kentucky desires any Anther or more particular
information on the subject, I will send to the desk,
to be road by the Clerk, tin; icpoit of the Secre-
tary of War on the subject and the estimates of
the engineers." It is lather a voluminous docu-
ment, and I presume the Senate are fully aware,
without its reading-, of the importance of the
work to the navigation at the mouths of the Mis-
sissippi.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the Chair.) Does the Senator from Kentucky
desire that the report may be read.
Mr. FOOT. I presume no Senator desires it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I buhevfc it is not
accessary on my account.
Mr. CASS, I suppose the S< natorfrom Ken-
tucky only wishes to be axsured that the estimate
is made bv the proper Department.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yew, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read a third tune, and on
the question of its passage, Mr. Slidell asked
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 have no disposition to bay a
word on the geneuil subject of these bills; but
I look on this appropriation as standing entirely
distinct and apart from all the others, so far a?
my knowledge extends. Tin; cleaning out of the
mouth of the Mississippi 1 look upon as indis-
pensably neeessaiy for the collection of the rev-
enues of (he Government; and wherever appro-
priations come within that category, I am willing
to vote for them. J \<>te for this, and against
the others. A ny proposition to clear out oIMic-
tions in the MittMNMppi above New Oilcans, I
have heretofore voted against, and J < xpect to
continue that course. 1 shall vote yea.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
32, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS—Admu^, Atlm, IlcII of \'ow Hump'hno,
Bell of' Tcntic-vcj, i>eujamm, H-jler, 15ro\vu, (V. ('lit-
tenden,Dod^e, Duiker, IVh, Foot, Fo-ler, llale,
Itaiiiliii. Uiulaii, Jones <>i !oua, 1'iaif, Pun'), Rent, Itn-k,
£:el)A'-iiiciii, Sow aid, Slide!!, Ktuait, Sumnei, Tiunibull,
Wade, Weller, and WjImhi—
TVA YS—Mcsm^. Clay, Ivcrson, ami Matron—3.
So the bill was passed.
PATAPSCO RIVER.
i The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of the bill introduced
by Mi. Pratt (S. No. 53) for the improvement
of the navigation of the Patapsco river, and to
render the port of Baltimore accessible to the war
steamers of the United States.
Its object is to appro])i iate £100,000, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of
War, m deepening the channel of the Patapsco
river, and in rendering the poi t of Baltimore ac-
cessible to the steam frigatus and other wa; ves-
sels of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third lime, and passed.
HARBOR OF SAW DIEGO.
The bill introduced by Mr. Weller (S. No.
82) for the improvement of the harbor of San
Diego, in California, was next considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
By its provisions $50,000, or so much of that
sum as may be necessary, will be appropriated
for completing the construction of a levee across
the mouth of the river Sail Diego, California, and
for other works, to turn it into the former channel,
into False bay, in accordance with the surveys
heretofore made.
The bill was reporte4 to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
SAVANNAH RIVER.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S.No. 123) reported
by the Committee on Commerce, to amend an
act passed March 3, 1855, for the improvement
of the Savannah river.
It provides that the money appropriated under
the act of the 3d of March, 1855, for the improve-
ment of Savannah river, may be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of War for the
improvement of that river, at such places and in
such manner as he may deem proper.
Mr. 1VERSON. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following proviso:
ProrU'cd, That said expenditure shall be confined to the
lemoval of ob.^unotions m >«ud 11\ .t caused by the >hi oi
hulk-' blink therein during the w ai of the Revolution
The bill which was passed at the last session
of Congress, appropriating $161,000 to remove
obstructions sunk m the Savannah river during
the revolutionary war, for the common defense, i
was sanctioned by the President of the United
States, as I understand, on the express ground
that it appropriated the money to remove obstruc-
tions which had been put there during the revo-
lutionary war for the common defense, upon the
general doctrine that the Federal Government, by
, the Constitution of the United States, undertook
to pay all the debts or obligations which the
Confederation had entered into. It appears that
tins money, $1()1,000, appropriated for the re-
' moval of the obstructions according to the dircc-
, tions of the law, did not apply to removing the
1 obstructions which had been caused by the ori-
' ginal obstructions placed there during the revolu-
tionary war. Captain Gilmer, the engineer in
charge of the work, reported to the Secretary of
Wai that the bare removal of the originalobstino-
tions would not improve the navigation of the
river, nor would it remove the difficulty which
has been created by the sinking of those obstruc-
tions; that sand and mud had been accumulated
1 above the obstructions, and in consequence of
! them, and unless that difficulty was removed, the
! Savannah river would be. no more navigable than
; it was before, lie therefore proposed that the
; money should be expended not only in removing
, l he hulks themselves—the specific obstructions
sunk during the Revolution—but also m removing
the obstructions which had been caused by the
hulks—in taking out the sand and mud whieli
had been swept down by the floods m the river,
and had accumulated around these hulks orsunk-
: en ships. The Secretary of War, however, on
consultation with the President, determined that
it was a specific appropriation, and could not be
changed; that the money must be confined exclu-
sively to the removal of the hulks themsches,
i and could not be extended beyond that. The
i city council of Savannah have memorialized Con-
! gr<iss for an enlargement of the law. They hove
! asked for the passage of an amendatory bill
authorizing the Secretary of War to expend the
balance of the appropriation in removing; the
sand and mud and other accumulated obstructions
which have resulted from the original obstruc-
tions sunk m the river. A bill was piesented for
that purpose and referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and they have reported the present
■ bill, which authorizes the Secretary of War, at
his discretion, to apply the balance of that appro-
. priation for the improvement of the Savannah
river at any point and in any manner that he
pleases.
Now, as I understand the principles of the Ex-
ecutive and the doctrines which he maintains,
(with which I agree entirely and thoroughly,)
i the passage of this bill in its present form will be
perfectly useless. The bill, in the form in which
it has been reported by the Committee on Com-
merce, will undoubtedly meet the Executive veto,
because it is placed upon the general principle of
appropriations for cleaning out rivers; it leaves
the unexpended balance of last year's appropri-
ation to be applied in such manner as the Secre-
tary of War may direct; it gives him the discre-
tionary power of expending it anywhere and
everywhere, and does not confine it to the partic-
ular obstructions which have been caused by the
sinking of those hulks. It was only on the prin-
ciple that it was the removal of obstructions
caused by particular acts during the revolutionary
war for the common defense of the country, that
the bill of last year received the Executive sanc-
tion.
If, Mr. President, this were an original appli-
; cation to Congress to appropriate money to clean
| out the Savannah river, I should vote against it,
j although it is m my own State. If it were an
< appropriation even to improve the Savannah river
! so far only as to clear out the hulks placed there
j during the revolutionary war, I should vote
j against it. I did vote against this identical appro-
! priation when I was a member of the House of
i Representatives during the Thirtieth Congress. I
] am a strict constructionist—perhaps as much so
I as any Senator upon this floor. I do not believe
j that Congress has power to appropriate money
I tor the improvement of rivers. There is no clause
| in the Constitution, in my opinion, which au-
I thonzes an appropriation of money for that pur-
! pose; and the very fact that this doctrine has been
j referred to so many clauses in the Constitution,
j satisfies me that it is erroneous. Why, sir, I
heard a distinguished Senator from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Calhoun,] now dead and gone, to
whom reference has been made to-day, assert on
this floor that Congress had the right to construct
a dam across the mouth of the Cumberland river
in the State of Kentucky; and he derived the
power from that clause in the Constitution which
authorizes the Government to build, construct,
and maintain a Navy. The absurdity to me
seemed so glaring and palpable, that I thought it
would strike the mind of every intelligent man.
Sir, it is the absurdity of such piopositions
which satisfies me that the doctrine is erroneous.
I am, therefore, opposed to the appropriation of
any money by the General Government to clear
out obstructions in any river within any State of
this Confederacy. If it were an originaPproposi-
tion, I would not give my vote for this bill; and I
would not give my vote for any bill to clear out
even these very obstructions in the Savannah
river, although they may have been put there by
the Government during the Revolution for the
common defense. I do not think that fact changes
the question. I do not believe that the General
Government is under obligations to remove ob-
structions which have been placed there during
the revolutionary war. It is not to that charac-
ter of " obliga lions " which the Const itution refers
when it imposes on the Federal Government all
the obligations of the Confederacy.
Put, sir, the bill of the last session was passed,
and became a law. If appropriated $161,000 to
!j remove obstructions which had been placed in the
, I Savannah river during the revolutionary war for
,i the common defense. That is the language of
i! the bill itself. Now I am not disposed to dispute
|l the facts stated m that recital; and inasmuch as
& the money has already been appropriated by an
;! act of Congress, I may, with propiiety, give my
i vote to expend that money to accomplish the
\ original object.
; The money appropriated at the last Congress
i by the lull of that session is utterly useless, unless
!i it be amended now so as to authorize the Secre-
!| tary of War to expend the unexpended balance
; of the appropriation to clean out the obstruc-
'l tions caused by the sinking of the hulks; because,
i | as Captain Gilmer has very properly stated in his
!| report to the War Department, if you clean out
; j the mere hulks themselves—the ships sunk there
!: during the war—that will not accomplish the ob-
;! ject. No good end will be attained, because when
; they are removed, the sand and mud which have
i| accumulated around and above them, and which
II have impeded navigation as much as the hulks
['themselves, will still remain; and without the
ij expenditure of the money for their removal, the
ii original appropriation is useless.
