mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11.
utive to bring: these people to a submission to
the laws.
This resolution (supposing that we have the
power, and that it is constitutionally proper for
us to exercise such a power) proposes an inter-
vention on the part of the Senate in controlling
the discretion of the Executive in managing this
matter in Kansas. The honorable Senator from
Kentucky has said that there appears to be mani-
fested some extraordinary presidential sensibility
in this matter, or that gentlemen who had opposed
the resolution, seemed to be very eager to find
objections to its passage, without meeting the
objects which it is said the resolution is intended
to attain. Sir, it would bean' unfortunate day
for this country if we had a form of government
which should induce the Senate, or any depart-
ment of the Government, either to do a thing or
to forbear to do a thing from any regard to the
sonsibihties of a President.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Allow me to correct
the Senator. He makes a verbal misstatement
of what i said. I did not say there was a presi-
dential sensibility. I said there was a great ten-
derness of feeling here to protect the President
from any supposed reflection or imputation on
him; ana I disclaim any such reflection or impu-
tation.
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator from
Kentucky, quite as strongly as any Senator on
this floor, I know, would regard the sensibilities
of the Constitution,imd would regard its demark-
ations of power between the various departments
of the Government. I am sure that none would
go further than that Senator to take care that no
precedent be set which should bring any two
departments of the Government into collision
with each other, or in which an apparent slight
or discourtesy should be shown.
Now, sir, what arc the facts? "We have been
informed by the President that there has been
such a purpose of insubordination and resistance
to the laws manifested in the Territory of Kan-
sas, as, in his judgment, required that he should
use the powers vested in him to discharge his
constitutional duty.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I believe all that.
Mr. MASON. What i« that constitutional
duty ? To take care that the laws be faithfully
executed. That duty devolves on the President
alone; the Constitution has lodged it with him.
The laws are to be passed by the legislative de-
partment, and the Executive is to take care that
they are faithfully executed. He has informed
Congress that, from causes not now necessary to
be gone into—for we might misapprehend thorn
or view them in different lights—he found in the
Territory of Kansas an actual resistance to the
laws, which, in his judgment, made it necessary
for him to invoke tlie military m aid of the civil
power. He did that of his independent action,
because the Constitution and laws gave him such
authority. I have not heard the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky question the proper exercise
of that discretion on the part of tne Executive.
Now, sir, we are to presume—I certainly pre-
sume—that the President is in daily communica-
tion with the functionaries of the Government in
Kansas; with the civil and with the military
authority; and that he has, of necessity, inform-
ation connected with this whole subject, which
we have not and cannot have. We know nothing
—certainly I know nothing—but the daily reports
coming from a heated, and excited, and most dis-
tempered atmosphere, in the form of telegraphic
communications addressed to the editors of news-
papers. We can have no other information than
this, unless we happen to be in private communi-
cation with some gentleman resident in that Ter-
ritory; but the President of the United States
has both the civil and ^military power there im-
mediately responsible to him, and m direct com-
munication with him. We are to presume, there-
fore, that he must be better informed as to the
proner mode of conducting this matter than we
could be, even if we had the power to advise
him.
Well, sir, what does the resolution propose ?
It recites a state of things existing in Kansas,
which doubtless the honorable Senator who
framed the resolution believed to be true, and
which, for all that I know, maybe true; but what
information can that Senator have except these
very telegraphic communications, which come
from interested or excited sources, and always in
a most distorted condition ? The resolution calls
upon the Senate to declare, as its judgment, that
" dangerous popular disturbances, with insurrec-
tion and obstruction to the due execution of the
laws, unhappily prevail in the Territory of Kan-
sas. " I am not aware of it. I know officially
that there has been resistance to the laws, or a
refusal to obey the laws; but I am not prepared
to say that they have gone to such an extent as
to be characterized as dangerous to the peace of
the country, by any manner of means. I under-
stand the actual condition of Kansas now to be
this: a portion of the people there refused obedi-
ence to the laws of the Territorial Legislature.
The President was informed that the ordinary
process of law could not be executed, because of
that resistance or disobedience; he ordered a por-
tion of the military of the country to go there, in
aid of the civil authority; but since then, so far
as I am informed, that resistance has ceased; the
officers are enabled now to make arrests every
day, which they were not able to make before;
and the spirit of opposition to the laws, so far as
it is manifested in actual or open resistance, has
ceased.
We are informed by telegraphic reports that,
notwithstanding this state of things, there are ma-
rauding parties, a species of guerilla parties, to
be found dispersed through the Territory, who
seize men on the highway, or who burn houses.
That shows a purpose on the part of those, who-
ever they may be, not so much to disregard the
process of law in the hands of the officers, as to
put all civilized usage at defiance by cutting each
others' throats, and burning each others'houses.
To what extent that exists, we do not know, or
whether it exists at all, except from these tele-
graphic communications, on which I should be
very reluctant to found my judgment as a mem-
ber of this body. At last all is summed up in
this: The Senate of the United States is called on
by a resolution to advise the President what mil-
itary officer to put at the head of the military
force in that Territory. Now, T am utterly dis-
inclined to do this—certainly from a regard to the
sensibilities uf the President, if there were to be
implied in it what I am happy to hear the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky disclaim, any dis-
trust of the President, acting, as I believe he has
done, patriotically, loyally, and in good faith, to
the country and its institutions; but I should be
deterred from a sense of my own self-respect as
a member of the Senate. I have no authority, no
right, no propriety to present myself to the Pres-
ident officially, by a resolution, and say to him,
" In my judgment, or in the judgment of the Sen-
ate, of which mine forms part, you have not had
the discernment to find the proper man to put at
the head of the army in Kansas; and we have
therefore thought it our duty to allay all the trou-
bles and dissensions which exist there, and we
have thought it our duty to stimulate your saga-
city, and advise you who the proper man is."
1 am not disposed officially to hold any lan-
guage like this; nor do I see any analogy in the
world between this case and that presented by
the honorable Senator in his inquiry, whether it
would be considered discourteous for any one
Senator, or two or three Senators, or gentlemen
outside who are not Senators, to go to the Pres-
ident and proffer their advice. I should not be
disposed to be one of them, to go to any man in
whom the Constitution or the law has vested
discretion, and proffer to him, gratuitously, my
advice. I should be subjected to that imputation
to which the honorable Senator has so strongly
and justly alluded, thatadvice which is not asked
is intrusive, and the man who intrudes himself
violates some little portion of his own self-respect.
1 can very well understand, however, that the
Senator from Kentucky, to whose counsels I am
sure anybody would lend a willing ear, might go
to the Piesident and say, "You and I have a
common interest in this matter; we are both cit-
izens of this great country, deeply interested in
the permanence of its institutions and the stabil-
ity of its Government, nnd, if you will not con-
sider it obtrusive, I should like very much to
counsel with you upon the subject of the exist-
ing state of things m Kansas, and to contribute,
if I possibly can, something, by my sugges-
tions, to allay the fever of rebellion which seems
to raging there." I do not claim any power
to answer for the distinguished gentleman who
is now at the head of affairs; but I take it
for granted that any gentleman worthy of that
high position would listen to his counsels with
respect, would be gratified that he offered them;
and he, in this very instance, I presume, would
either appoint to the command of the troops in
Kansas the very distinguished, and justly dis-
tinguished, military captain who is now at the
head of the Army, or he would assign to him
good reasons for not doing it. But Ihe discretion
is there; the constitutional duty is there; and we
are transcending our duty if we attempt to offer
him official advice upon a subject which would
of necessity transcend our power and infringe
upon his.
The Senator has said there was an instance
where advice was given to the President to ap-
point a minister at Rio Janeiro. I am not aware
of it; it may be so; but I should think it more
probable that the advice was given in the form of
a suggestion upon an appropriation bill, making
an appropriation for a minister where one did not
previously exist, leaving it of course to the Pres-
ident to fill it or not, as he might think proper.
Mr. CLAYTON. Allow me to correct the
gentleman. He will find, from the executive Jour-
nal of the Senate, that just such a resolution as
was mentioned by*the Senator from Kentucky
passed the Senate, without, so far as appears
from the Journal, one dissenting voice. The ob-
ject of the Senate was to suggest to the President
the propriety of sending a minister to Rio Ja-
neiro. The Senate passed that resolution, and
afterwards the President sent a minister to Rio.
I believe he was sent inconsequence of that very
resolution.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator state where
it is to be found ?
Mr. CLAYTON. I cannot give the gentleman
the very year when it was passed, but I can find
the resolution for him in the Journal: it was
passed about the year 1820 or 1821. It was not
appended to an appropriation bill, but was an
expression of opinion by the Senate in the form
which I have mentioned.
Mr. MASON. I was struck with the sugges-
tion when it came from the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, and felt a little more interest in
it as a historical fact, than as apposite to this
case. I have always considered, so far as I have
had occasion or opportunity to review or form a
judgment as to the correlative powers of the coor-
dinate functionaries of the Government, that, m
the conduct of our foreign intercourse, the Presi-
dent alone could judge where it was expedient or
inexpedient for this Government to oe repre-
sented; that it was competent for the Senate, by
an appropriation, to suggest, as their opinion,
that it would be better, perhaps, to have a min-
ister where we had not one;but that the sugges-
tion could receive, constitutionally, no other form.
It may be, nevertheless—I profess to give no ma-
ture opinion on that point, for I have none—that
the Senate, being immediately associated with the
President in the treaty-making power, and trea-
ties being made of necessity through ministers, if
the Senate thought, in the conduct of our foreign
intercourse, or the establishment of foreign rela-
tions, it was desirable to have a treaty with a
nation with which we had none, there would be
no constitutional impropriety in the suggestion
that a minister should be sent to a particular
Court.
Mr. TOUCEY. Suppose the person were '
named ?
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator from
Connecticut inquires whether that minister was
named ?
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir.
Mr. MASON. 1 take it for granted he was not
named; but, if he were named, it would be more
apposite to this case.
Mr. CLAYTON. It was an expression of
opinion by the Senate, that a minister should be
sent there.
Mr. MASON. The President, with the advice
and consent of the Senate, can make treaties,
provided two thirds of the Senate present concur;
and treaties can be made only through ministers
abroad or at home. As I have read the Consti-
tution, the power to make a treaty is as perfect
in the Senate as in the President. It is a concur-
rent power, and the President of necessity takes
