1394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
of the Congress of the United States itself. Sir,
troops are openly raised in States adjoining Kan-
sas, and in States remote from Kansas, armed,
organized, and supplied with funds to maintain
in Kansas a set of territorial statutes, which are
resisted by a portion of the people. Such parties
have arrived, and are continually arriving, in
Kansas, with gunpowder, cannon, rifles, and
balls, and military stores; and they keep the
passage open for others coming behind.
It was but a day or two ago that, in the chief
city of Illinois, funds and men were raised to
resist and put down that foreign party, and were
dispatched there to the amount of hundreds of
men, and thousands of dollars. It was but the
night before last that at a meeting in the capital
commercial city of the Union, five thousand citi-
zens assembled, and men and money to the num-
ber of hundreds, and to the value of thousands,
were provided, subscribed, and paid. Ay, and
the strife gro\vs more intense as it spreads widir
and wider. The young man forsakes his books;
the lawyer his place in the forum; the clerk his
place in the counting-room; men of all parties,
and of all positions, and of all professions, rush
to this scene—thank God for his blessings, hith-
erto the first, and I hope, in the mercy of God,
the last occasion when civil war shall be immi-
nent in these UnitedStates. Ay, sir, the matron
sends her son with the command to come back
with his shield or on it; and the maiden tears from
her neck the ornaments and embellishments
which commcnd her to the love and admiration
of men, to throw them into the treasury of one
or the other of these Belligerent factions.
This, sir, call it by what name you please, is
the condition of Kansas. Senators say they do
not know it—they have not been informed of it
—they have not been officially informed. Sir, are
we stocks and stones, like dumb idols in the
Pantheon, that we need the intervention of a priest
to inform us of the complaints of our votaries, and
to convey to our dull and artificial ears their
prayers? You have heard nothing else but this,
from the day the present Congress assembled
until this hour. Senators say, that, although they
have heard it, it does not come in an official man-
ner! Did not two men claiming to bo represent-
atives of the now, conditional, provisional State
of Kansas, present themselves with their petition
at your door, three long months ago, and ask
admission, upon the ground that the civil gov-
ernment which had obtained in Kansas was a
usurpation and a tyranny which was intolerable,
and the people there had organized themselves
into a State, and sent those persons here to ask
you to admit them into the Union, as a relief
from existing troubles, as a redress for existing
evils, and a security against the otherwise inev-
itable calamity of civil war? What rise have you
been discussing, from the beginning: of the ses-
sion to the present time, but the question whether
you would grant that relief and that redress, or
whether you would grant some other relief and
some other redress, to prevent the calamity of
civil war?
Do Senators yet say that Congress has no offi-
cial information on this subject? Do you not
know—docs not every man here know—that a
person claiming to be a member of Congress has
applied for admission as a Delegate from the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, and he lias made a case so
probable, so plausible at least, that the House
of Representatives have sent a committee of their
own body, which committee are now, as they
have been for two months past, investigating just
this simple question, namely, whether Kansas
is under the dominion uf a [awfully-constituted
government, under the organic act of .Congress,
or whether it is under the jurisdiction and power
of a foreign usurpation and unbearable tyranny?
That is the simple statement of the case-
Now , in view of this painful and alarming state
of things existing m that Territory, it is well to
consider another matter. We have reached, as
I have said, the crisis of temtonal aggrandize-
ment, and we are here to meet the responsibili-
ties of Government in many and remote Territo-
ries. We are ojily at the threshold of that new
experience. We have added territory after ter-
ritory, dominion after dominion; and what is
done by our Government in regard to this the
first case of disturbance, difficulty, and conflict in
our Territories, will beconio the law of the nation
in regard to other Territories. If you shall, by
wiseTlegislation now, secure to all the people of
the new Territories the rights of American citi-
zens, complete, full, broad, ample as they are en-
joyed by citizens of the organized States consti-
tuting this Union, you may expect contentment,
peace, tranquillity, harmony, prosperity, and
advancement, in the Territories of the United
States. But if, on the other hand, you begin
now to say to the citizens of the United States
who may be gathered into a Territory newly
opened to them, that they shall submit to tyranny
and usurpation, of whatever kind; that they shall
be disfranchised; that they shall be subjugated,
by force, to laws which are unjust, unconstitu-
tional, and tyrannical, and to laws which are
founded in usurpation, then you have reached
the time when you can expect never more to see
peace and harmony prevailing throughout the
unorganized or only partially organized portions
of the Republic.
The proposition of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky does not reach the dignity of a remedy
for this evil. It is not proposed as such. Let
us consider it just exactly in the extent which he
assigns to it, and which its terms import. This
great question in Kansas, whether the statutes of
the territorial government, so called, shall stand
and be the law of the land, is one that must be
decided somewhere, some time, and in some way.
How do Senators propose that it shall be decided?
The Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] who
held the chair during ypur absence, sir, thought
it must be left to decide itself by being forgotten.
Other Senators have said the same thing. Is that
a just and right way to settle and decide it ? Cer-
tainly not, if this Congress has jurisdiction and
authority to hear and dccide the complaints of
the people of Kansas. Who, then, has power
to dccide this appeal ? Is it the President of the
United States ? No, sir; he is only an executive
officer. He may decide primafacie, provisionally,
conditionally, for his own immediate action. He
has assumed, as we understand, to do so, but his
decision is not conclusive upon the legislative
authonty or upon the courts of justice,
Theic is legislative authority, and there is judi-
cial -authority, in this land. The Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Touchy] tells us the courts have
the power. Sir, it is a question, not as he seems
to imply, between man and man in the Territory
of Kansas, between individual and individual,
citizen and citizen, but it is a question of the
safety, peace, order, and tranquillity of the whole
body politic, and of the very existence of civil
liberty in Kansas. What court in Kansas can
render a judgment that will rcach the extent of
the evil, and afford a redress, if one is duo ?
What court in Kansas can award a seat in the
House of Representatives to the delegate of the
people of Sfansas, or deny to the territorial
. representative his place there ? What court can
award a judgment that shall give unquestionable
validity and effect to the acts of taxation and
force of this assumed Territorial Legislature in
Kansas ?
The Legislature of Kansas cannot do this,
because it is itself a party to the controversy.
Where, then, is the power? It is in the Congress
of the United States, which has absolute and
unbounded control over the whole government of
Kansas in all its departments, executive, legisla-
tive, and judicial, and which has, I had almost
said, equal control over the Executive Depart-
ment of the United States itself, as, indeed, it has
in regard to this particular subject. Congress has
only to breathe upon the statute-book which is
questioned by those whom you call rebels in
Kansas, and it starts up into life, and vigor, and
authority, and power. It has only to lay its hand
of condemnation upon that statute-book, and
the laws disappear into that pit of perdition to
which tyranny should and ultimately must always
descend.
In the mean time, while we here are occupying
our time in everything else, and in debates, some-
times calm and sometimes stormy, 011 this great
question, whether the piofessed territorial gov-
ernment of Kansas is really a government of the
United States; and while the House of Repre-
sentatives are engaged on that same question,
taking evidence upon it, and having a day set
down not a fortnight hence for its consideration,
this simple proposition of the Senator from Ken-
tucky is submitted, which provides that the Sen-
ate of the United States, desirous to mitigate these
evils and these enormities, and, as far as possible,
to preserve peace in the Territory of Kansas during
the time while this debate shall last, suggests to
the President of the United States that it would
be wise, in their judgment, for him to invest with
the command of the forces already actually in
Kansas, the distinguished, the illustrious Lieu-
tenant General of the United States Army, the con-  
querer of Mexico, and the pacificator in many
domestic and foreign strifes and wars.
What earthly objection can there be to such
a course? Suppose that it is not wise, and the
President shall not accept the advice; then the
command will remain where it is. Suppose it
is wise, and the President shall accept it, is there
any mortal man, whatever may be his confidence
in Colonel Sumner, who is not conscientiously
obliged to confess equal confidence in Winfield
Scott?
Is there nothing in the prestige, in the fame, in
the eminent patriotism, and eminent loyalty and
eminent devotion to peace of this the greatest of
our captains, which will persuade men to wait,
to be calm, to subdue their passions, to abide by
the justice of Congress during the short time in
which the subject is to be discussed ?
What is the objection actually urged? Why,
sir, it is that we may not undertake to dictate to
the President of the United States; we may not
express our opinion about a matter which falls
within his exclusive province ! Sir, this is a fear-
ful sign of a change of temper and of spirit in
regard to thl* proper division of powers in this
Government. The President is, indeed, the
Executive, but Congress is the Legislature. He
is but the hand: except where the Constitution
has given him exclusive jurisdiction, if there be
any such case, we have only to take that hand
and set it at any hour on the dial plate, and it
must stand there. We have only to set the
executive needle in motion towards any point of
the compass, and it must go on until it roaches
that point. It cannot traverse backwards or for-
wards beyond that point. In the British Parlia-
ment, which we arc apt to think is less conserv-
ative of the rights of the people than Congress,
a resolution may be introduced by any member
of the House 01 Lords or of the House of Com-
mons, and the House be called to vote upon it,
that the Ministry have not the confidence of the
Parliament; and, if it be adopted, itis conclusive
of an entire change of administration, or if it be
decided otherwise, it is a vote of approbation,
which renews the executive power. Have we
not a right to express our opinion by way-of
instruction or guidance to the President of the
United States? I think we have a right even
to pass a vote of censure, if such were needed.
This resolution, however, is not of that charac-
ter. It assumes nothing against the President.
On the other hand, as it is drawn, differing from
my views on the subject, it implies confidence in
the President, and a desire to support him in
the present questionable exercise of his high
authority.
There is fear, sir, that we may undervalue the
danger of this crisis. The Senator from Florida
tells us, as the Senator from Connecticut does,
that it is only necessary that the people of Kan-
sas shall obey the laws, and if they will not obey
the laws, the sheriff and the judge, backed by the
armed posse under the direction of the Govern-
ment,will compel their obedience. Never, through-
out all this debate, do they for one moment
admit, or advert to, the fact, that this disobedience
of which they complain results, not from disloy-
alty to the Government of the United States, but
from loyalty to the Constitution of the United
States and the principles of civil liberCy which it
guaranties. Never, for one moment, do they
admit that the people who object to the authority
of those laws, and refuse to obey or acknowledge
them, deny that they were represented in the
Legislature which made them, and say thatit was
a usurped Legislature. If that be true—and in
this argument I am not goingto discuss the ques-
tion whether it be true or not—but, if that be the
ground they assume, and if it is assumed by a
party sufficiently strong and numerous to indicate
that it is the opinion of a majority of the people
of that Territory, then you have got to the point
when you expect to subjugate men as rebels, and
