1850.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
and lay down to die amidst those he loved, and i
who loved and honored him. He went home but !
to take his immediate and last farewell of wife ;
and children, of kindred and friends, and all there
is of earth.
Mr. Meacham was a native of my own county
and town of Rutland, in the State of Vermont,
where he was bora in 1810, of humble but re-
spectable parentage. He was bereft of both father
and mother in his early youth. Without patrimo-
ny, and without the care and guidance of parental
counsels, he was cast, an orphan child, upon the
chances and accidents of life, thrown upon his
own resources, and left to give shape and direc-
tion to his own fortunes amidst a frowning and
uncharitable world. He had none of that senti-
ment of false pride in the time of his most suc-
cessful fortunes which could regard it as any
disparagement to his character, his influence, or
his rising fame, that several of his earlier years
were spent m the cabinet-maker's shop. His
vigorous and active mind, however, sought a more
extended sphere of exertion and usefulness. His
early and earnest desire was for a liberal edu-
cation; and his native energy and enterprise of!
character enabled him to make the requisite prepa- '
ration for admission to college; and, with theaid ;
of a few family friends, he passed through a full !
and regular course of academic study at Middle- |
bury College, where he graduated m 1832, with (
marked credit and distinction, for general scholar- j
ship. 'j
After the completion of his academical course
of studies, he spent some time as a teacher, in
the capacity of principal of the academy at St.
Alban's, and as a tutor m his own alma mater,
meanwhile pursuing a course of study prepara- '
tory to the ministration of the Gospel, and which '
he completed at the Theological Seminary at
Andover, Massachusetts. Shortly after he left !
that institution, he was installed as the pastor of ,
the Congregational Church and Society in New- '
Haven, Vermont, where he officiated for several
years with great acceptance to that people. A '
vacancy having occurred in the chair of " Elocu- ;
tion and English Literature"in Middlebury Col- !
lege, lie was invited to the charge of that profess- j
orship by the unanimous voice of the board of i
trustees of that institution, and which was ac- i
cepted by him upon deliberate consideration, with
the reluctant assent of his church and society in I
New-Haven. He officiated in this capacity for j
some years with singular ability and with great j
credit to himself and the institution; when, in 1
3849, a vacancy occurring in the national House 1
of Representatives from the district in which he '
resided, on account of the resignation of Hon.
George P. Marsh, then recently appointed Min-
ister llesident at the Court of the Ottoman Porte i
at Constantinople, Mr. Meacham was selected ;
with great unanimity by his district to fill the J
vacancy. The indoisement of four successive
elections, by large and decisive majorities, attests
the appreciation of his character, his ability and '
services, by an intelligent constituency. He had t
also been placed in nomination for a fifth term, 1
which, had he lived, would, without question, on
"to-morrow week have been ratified by a more
emphatic voice from the freemen of the district i
than at any former election. _ _ j
During: most of his term of service in the House ]
he lias taken an active and prominent part in the
business of legislation, and participated to a con-i
sideiabie extent in the discussions upon the lead- j
m; questions of the day which came before that j
hotly. During the late protracted and exciting 1
session he held the important and responsible i
position of chairman of the Committee for the 1
District of Columbia: and during the preceding
four years he was one of the tnree members ot !
the House of Representatives to whom was '
assigned, by the presiding officer of that House,
the honorable trust and position of Regent of the '
Smithsonian Institution; and at the time of his
death he was a member ol the board of trustees
of Middlebury College. _ _ ;
Such, Mr. President, is a very brief and imper-
fect statement of the public career and services of j
James Meacham, which have now been sud- ■
denly cut short by his melancholy death. The
several places of distinction and honor which had
been rapidly conferred upon him manifest the •
high appreciation of his character, and show forth ;
the high estimation in which lie was held by
those who knew him longest and who knew him
best. The story of such a life—the honors which
in subsequent years gathered thick and fast
around the apprenticed youth of the workshop—
furnish but another and a striking exemplification
of the elevating and ennobling character, and the
beneficent influence, of the civil institutions of
our popular system of government—a Govern-
ment which opens the pathways to honorable dis-
tinction alike to all, and which invites to seats of
honor within the inner temple of fame the meri-
torious and the well-deserving from among the
humblest, as well as from among the highest and
the proudest of the sons of men.
The impaired state of Mr. Meacham's health
for the past two years, and especially during
the late session, had in a considerable measure
disabled him from taking the active part in the
discharge of his public duties which he had hith-
erto been accustomed to give to them. When
he came here at the opening of the present Con-
gress disease had already made its deep impress
upon his countenance, and . eemed tohave marked
him as an early victim for the grave. He still
expressed the hope and the confidence that the
returning warmth and genial influence of the
coming spring and summer time would bring with
them returning health and strength and vigor to
his enfeebled frame. Thespringand the summer
time came, but they brought no healing on their
win^s for him. The king of terrors had set his
seal upon him, and but too early claimed his
victim.
James Meacham was generously gifted by
nature. Possessing an active and logical mind,
he was a terse and vigorous writer, and a ready
and forcible public speaker. His mind had been
disciplined by severe study, and was well stored
with classic literature and general knowledge,
lie was a man of thought and reflection; firm and
decided in the opinions he had deliberately formed,
and which he was in the habit of expressing with
entire frankness and freedom, yet observing all
that deference and courtesy towards the dissent-
ing opinions of others which belong to his char-
acter and his position.
I owe it to the occasion and to the truth to
say, as his friend in life and his mourner in death,
that his liberal endowments and shining qualities
were not all unmarred by faults and failings into
which temptation has but too often led the best
and the noblest of our race. And who of us, I
may ask, Mr. President, has not his faults end
failings ? To siy that he had them not would be
to claim for him an exemption from the frailties
of our common humanity. But he had his vir-
tues, too, and they were many and marked. Let
them survive and be cherished in the memories
of the living. We would cast the vail of charity
over the errors of his life, whatever they may
have been, and let them rest and be forgotten in
the silence and the sacredness of the tomb.
This afflictive bereavement brings sadness and
sorrow to hearts whereof the outward world takes
little note. I am not about to enter the chamber of
private grief. I would tread softly on the thresh-
old which opens to the house of mourning. I
would not lift the vail which hides from the
world's cold ga2.e the desolation of heart and of
hope which lias fallen with such crushing weight
upon that afflicted household. May He who
gave, mid whose right it is to take away, sustain
by His mighty arm that stricken family circle in
this hour of their severe and sudden trial; and
may they feel the supporting and grateful assur-
ance that He who has brought upon them this
deep affliction " doeth all things well!'"
Mr. President, we are again admonished of our
own frailty, of our own mortality. ^ Our daily
counsels are once more arrested by the messen-
gerof death. Once and again, and now and again,
has this " king of terrois" stalked into our very
midst. Missouri, Virginia, and now my own
State, have each in quick succession been called to
follow in the solemn funereal train. Is it not well
for us to pause from our dally business for a brief
hour to look on the work of death ? Is it not
well for us, when the voice of the " destroying
angel" is sounding in our ears, that we should
cease for a little while from the cares and dis-
quietudes of our daily avocations; that the tumult
of our daily strife may be hushed for a moment
in the presence-chamber of death; that wc may
see, and feel, and know that wc, too, are mortal,
that we, too, are dying men ? And, above all, is
it not well and wise that, amid the cares, and the
strifes, and the tumults, and the angry collisions
which surround us, we should give heed to the
voice which speaks to us from the skies, in tones
of solemn admonition, " be ye also ready!"
I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate receives with sincere .'egret
the announcement of the death of the Hon. James Mea-
cham, late a member of the House of Repiesentatives from
the State of Vermont, and tenders to the relatives of the
deceased the assurance of their sympathy with them under
the bereavement they have been called to sustain.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to transmit to the family of Mr. Meacham a certified copy
of the foregoing resolution.
Resolved, As a mark of respect for the memory of the
deceased, that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I rise to
second the adoption of these resolutions. It was
my fortune to have been born in the same county
with the deceased. I knew him in early life.
There was much in his early history, and in the
struggles and efforts which he made, to command
my hearty sympathy. After a long separation
we met again in these Halls, and we have been
associated in the regency of the Smithsonian In-
stitution. Hence 1 may say that I knew him
well, and I may also add that every man who
knew him well must have had the highest and
most sincere respect for his character. He was
a bold, true, faithful man, to the principles of
action which he believed to be right. There was
much in his character to admire, much in his
social qualities to love. It was with the deepest
pain that I heard of his decease. It brought back
to my mind many, many early reflections and
associations that have been very affecting, and
must leave a lasting impression on my mind.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted,
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, August 25, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of Saturday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be the call of committees for reports.
RETURN OF ABSENT MEMBERS.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to what I suppose
to be a privileged question. I offer the following
resolution:
Revolted, That the Sen*eant-nt- Arms hp directed to arrest,
and bring to the bar of the House, all such members as aie
absent from tins city; that the Clerk of the House be in-
stuicted to cause a copy ol this resolution to be telegraphed
to the capital of each'State, to be published in tile two
papers having the largest circulation, and that he be author-
ized to pay t'.ie expense of the same out of the contingent
fund of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I object. It is
not a privileged question.
Mr. CLINGMAN, I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The rules of the House
provide an ample remedy for compelling the at-
tendance of absent members. I hope the motion
will be voted down,
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yeasand nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 87, nays 99; as follows:
yeas —Messrs. Aiken. Akers, Barksdale, Bell, Hend-
foid, Culien, Davidson, Denver, Dowdel], Edmundson,
Edwards, Elliott, Evans, Floience, Goode, Greenwood, J.
Morrison Hams, Sampson W. Hams, Thomas L. Harris,
Haven, Hickman, Hoffinan, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher,
Lmdlev, Lumpkin, Mace, Humplney Mdishall, Ma.wellj
McMuihn, .McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai
Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Quitman,
Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Seward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William It. Smith, Sneed,
Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, \ alk,
Walker, Warner, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Wmslow,
John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Hall, Barbour, Henry
Bennett. Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss,
Bradsha'w, Brenton, Bulfinton, James H. Campbell, Lewis
D Campbell, Chaffte, Bayard Clarke. Ezra Clark, dawson,
Colfax, Com ins, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Henry
Winter Davis, Timothy Davis. Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Dunn, lJurfee, Emrie, Etheridge, Flaglei, Galloway, Girt-
dm^s, Gilbert. Granger, Grow, Hailau, Holloway, inomas
R. "Morton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp,
