1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6#
While 1 acquiesce in this bill for this reason, I
must protest, and I always shall believe, that the
most fatal influence -which can be exercised on
the common concerns of this Confederacy, must
result from the power of using the Treasury for
local purposes in the regulation of commerce.
The system must be partial. It can never bejust.
Unless you can impart to human nature the jus-
tice of God, you cannot make it so. The tempt-
ation of individual interest and the combinations
of interest, will always carry appropriations of
money where they want it, and the minority must
submit. We may appeal to the Constitution as
much as we please; but what is the use of the
Constitution, when we have no power to enforce
its obligations, or restrain an irresponsible ma-
jority within its limitations? This whole sub-
ject has been frequently discussed. I have often
discussed it myself, and experience teaches me
that it is idle forme to attempt to discuss itagain.
Sir, the Treasury will be exhausted by those who
have individual and combinedinterestsunder this
system. It results in nothing more nor less than
this: that States whose rivers run into the At-
lantic are to be excluded from the appropriation
of money for the regulation of commerce, unless
for light-house purposes, in which, however, the
whole world is interested, and every State in the
Union, the most distant as well as the State in
which the light-house is erected.
I know that the authority of Mr. Calhoun has
been more than once referred to by my honorable
friend from Michigan; but I think he will bear
me testimony that on this question I opposed
Calhoun on this floor.
Mr. CASS. True.
Mr. BUTLER. Sir, the attempt to say that a
system of improvement could be adopted" by the
Federal Government, 111 the case of rivers run-
ning through three States—the attempt to regard
the Mississippi as an inland sea—these, and all
similar suggestions have only led to this—that
there was at one time u restriction that, if a river
ran through three States, Congress might make
an appropriation for it; but now, it is said, if it
only runs through half a State, it can be done,
provided it empties into one of the lakes; but it
cannot be done in Virginia, because Virginia has
no rivers but her own. You cannot bring Vir-
ginia and South Carolina into the system, because
they have nothing but their own waters. They
are selfish in the purity of their own streams, and
not borrowing from anybody else. [Laughter.]
Sir, we live on our own terms very much, and
I believe we shall be reduced to drinking our own
waters and eating our own food; and, finally, we
shall be tenants at sufferance in this Confederacy.
That is about the amount of the doctrine.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I must be per-
mitted to say that the speech which has been sub-
mitted to the Senate by the Senator from Georgia,
(Mr. Iverson,] is the most remarkable one I have
ever listened to in my life. I do not think I have
ever even read of a case, where a member of a
legislative body has seen fit to rise and charge on
a committee of that body the deliberate design of
mischief to the State he represents, and that
design connected with a perversion of history.
When the Senator first addressed the Senate, and
made the remark that the committee had sub-
mitted the bill in this form for the purpose of
having an executive veto, I thought possibly that
the Senator, in the heat of debate, had spoken
differently from what he designed.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator has misunder-
stood, or he misrepresents mc. I made no such
charge as that the committee made this report
with a design to accomplish that object. I said
they reported this bill, certainly with the knowl-
edge that if passed in the shape presented by
them it must meet the executive veto. I said that,
and I do not think the gentleman will deny it.
Mr. STUART. All I ask of the Senator, and
which I have no doubt he will grant, is that the
debate of this day shall be published to the world
without correction; and, if I stand convicted on
that, I will be the first to state to the Senator and
to the Senate that I am mistaken. But, sir, I will
give you his language. He said, when he first
rose, that he could not conceive why the Com-
mittee on Commerce had reported this bill unless
for the purpose of producing an executive veto.
I said I thought that was an expression which
the Senator did not intend; but when he arose the
second time he used this language: he said the
object of the committee could not be misappre-
hended. He went on to state the eiTect, and he
stated it more than once, and repeated it. He
said it was known that the President would veto
such a bill as the committee had reported, and
that the object of the committee could not be
misapprehended. Now, sir, if the debate is pub-
lished to-morrow as it occurred to-day, if I am
mistaken I will publish my mistake to tne Senate
and to the world. Sir, I shall never impute mo-
tives to any gentleman; but I will state the motive
which the committee had; and it is but the motive
to speak the truth and nothing beyond it. Here-
was an act originating in the last Congress, in
the House of Representatives, which states upon
its face
"That the sum of $161,000 be. and the same is hereby,
appropriated out of any money not heieto-bre appropriated,
to remove the obaiuietioris in the Savannah liver, below
the oity of Savannah, in the State of Goorgia, placed theie
duung the revolutionary war loi the common defense."
That is the act. History shows that it was
approved in consequence of thnt declaration. An
investigation was necessary for the Committee
on Commerce — for what reason? The whole
subject covercd by the report of the engineer,
and the refusal of the Secretary of War to author-
ize the appropriation to be expended in any other
way, was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce of this body to report an amendment to
the law. Well, sir, should the Committee on
Commerce go forward and restate that as a fact
which is not true in history? The Secretary of
War refuses to adopt the suggestion of the en-
gineer because he copies the language of the act,
and says rightly, this is an appropriation for that
object, and cannot be used for any other. Could
you use an appropriation for the Savannah river
to improve the Mississippi? The act defines its
own purpose, and the Secretary says properly
that it cannot be used for any other putpose.
Now, sir, what is the suggestion of the engineer
having charge of the work 15 It is that the bill of
the last session be amended, not so as to take out
any of the original language, but to add "and to
remove the bars, shoals, banks, and other im-
pediments in said river caused by said obstruc-
tions." Was the Committee on Commerce to
retain m the bill a falsehood on its face— a his-
torical falsehood—and then add these additional
words, " caused by said obstructions," when no
such obstructions exist?
But again, what docs that amendment propose?
" Bars, shoals, banks, and other impediments in
said river causcd by said obstructions.'' Surely
this is a matterof opinion. If gentlemen will take
the trouble to read the report, they will find that
it does not purport to confine itself to the obstruc-
tions originally sunk, the hulks, and the bars ac-
cumulating on the hulks, but opinions are sub-
mitted to the effect that channels have been
changed in some instances- that new bars, new
banks, have been formed; and it is inferred that
these banks would not have been formed but for
the sinking of the hulks. That rests in opinion
merely. We all know that those great rivers are
changing their deposits and their,channels an-
nually; and it docs not follow that the statement
to which I have alluded would be true as a matter
of opinion. Certainly, there is no fact to justify it.
But, sir, on an investigation of the question,
the committee were clearly of the opinion that
these were not obstructions placed in the Savan-
nah river for the common defense during the Rev-
olution, and therefore that such a declaration
should not stand on the statute-book. What is
the language when it is reduced to its plain mean-
ing? As I have already said, I must not be un-
derstood as imputing motives to any gentleman;
I shall never do it. I impute none to the honor-
able gentleman who introduced the bill m the
House of Representatives last year. I am sim-
ply stating the effect; I say the elfectis to place on
a statute, as a reason for its approval both by
Congress and the Executive, that which has no
foundation in fact. Now suppose that m the bills
which my honorable colleague [Mr. Cass] has
submitted, and which have been passed to-day,
the declaration had been thrown in, " deposits
placed there during the revolutionary war for
common defense," and the President should say,
" I will not go behind this declaration of Con-
gress, but I will approve the act," would it not be
maltreating him ? If the President entertains
such an opinion as the honorable Senator from
Georgia attributes to him, is it not a deception on
him to induce his approval of an act that could
not otherwise be obtained?
The history of this case has been presented
by the engineer department, and it has been pre-
sented by the citizens of Savannah through an
organization of their own. f do not remember
its precise name, but perhaps it was the Chamber
of Commerce, or some such local association.
They have presented the whole history of the
question; and they say that these obstructions
were put there to keep out the French fleet. Now,
will any Senator undertake to tell mc, the Senate,
and the country, that, while the British held pos-
session of Savannah, and for the purpose of
keeping out the American and French fleets,
sunk obstructions, those are obstructions for the
common defense?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes.
Mr. STUART. Docs the Senator from South
Carolina mean to say that when the enemy are
in possession of a place, and sink vessels to keep
out our own fleet, that is an obstruction for the
common defense? Why, sir, the thing is an
absurdity.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not say that it would be
using it strictly for the common defense; but I
say that when flagrante hello, an enemy uses
property, and injury is suffered, it is one of the
recognized principles of the law of nations that
you are to pay for it. The principle has been
recognized by an act of Congress.
Mr. STUART. I am confining myself to the
bill. The act which passed Congress at the last
session says that they were obstructions placed
there for the common defense during the revolu-
tionary war; and the Senator from Georgia insists
that that statement, or woids substantially the
same, shall be retained.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not insist on any such
thing. The bill reported from the Committee on
Commerce does not recite anything—does not
state any fact.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, the Senator
did say that we should not look behind the bill
of the last Congress, but should abide by its
declarations. I am not so much mistaken as this
Senator seems to suppose. He insisted that at
this time we should not look into the question of
the truth of what was declared by the last Con-
gress, but should abide by that declaration,
although it is not true, as 1 have just shown,
and as the Senator from South Carolina himself
admits.
Now, sir, let me state the facts. All the re-
ports which have been submitted to the War
Department on this question concur in stating
that, in 1779, British vessels were sunk in the
river. The names of the vessels are given. It
is, however, suggested that it appears in a news-
paper published in Savannah, in 1776, three years
before; and in one history it is also hinted—I
have it before me-—that the American officer in
command sunk some obstructions, but they are
not defined. If they were obstructions which
would prevent vessels from coming up to Savan-
nah, why did the British commander, three years
afterwards, sink three transports? Count D'Es-
tamg could not have come up the river with his
fleet if the obstacles sunk there in 1776 had been
sufficient to impede navigation. These, the
Senator will find, were all the obstructions which
history even hints at as having been placed there
by the American Government during the Revo-
lution. Still, I repeat, and I ask the especial
attention of the Senator from Georgia, because
much as I except to his language, it excites no
i unkind feeling on my part towards him person-
: ally—I call his attention to this fact; and I ask
j again, can it be possible that these, which 1 shall
I denominate two scraps of history shown by the
| citizens of Savannah, (one in a newspaper .pub-
! lished at that day, and the other a bare allusion
in a history to some obstructions having been
; sunk,) prove that what really constituted obstruc-
' tions to navigation were sunk in 1776, when his-
tory is full of the fact that three years afterwards
| British officers sunk Uritish transport vessels in
: order to prevent the French fleet from coming up ?
| The inference is irresistible that, but for this act,
| the navigation of the stream up to the city of
] Savannan would not be impeded.
