670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
Now, if Ae Senator desires an amendment to
this bill which shall state that these vessels and
obstructions were placed there by the British
officers, in order to prevent the French fleet from j
coming up the Savannah river, I shall not object,
because that is the truth of history; but if he I
examines the report of the War Department as
carefully us I have done, he will find that the
engineers do not propose to confine the improve-
ment to that point. They propose to make an
improvement which is far distant from it—to cut
off banks, to remove bars; m other words, to
make a channel where none now exists, and, if I
rccollect aright, on the opposite side of a certain
island fronTwhere the original channel was.
■ I have no desire to detain the Senate unneces-
sarily. 1 rose only to vindicate the committee.
The committee have no motive other than to speak
the truth; but they do feci it incumbent on them,
when a subject is referred to tlieni as in this case,
to state the facts, not only in the argument, but
in the bill itself. We therefore simply propose
an appropriation for the improvement of this
river below a certain point, at the discretion of
the Secretary of War. Look at his indorsements.
One of them, on the report of the engineers to
him, is in these words:
"The appropriation is specific, 'to remove tiie obsttuo
4 lions ia the Savannah nvei, below the city of Savannah,
1 in the State of G.v>isria, placed there (hiring the lovotu-
1 tionarv war tor the common defense,' and can be applied
to no other purpose whatever. The plan submitted for
dredging 13 not appioved.
« JEFF'N DAVIS,
11 Secretary of War."
There is a plan of improvement; and I say if
the honorable Senator will examine, lie will find
it is a plan of improvement which has no relation
to the original appropriations except in a matter
of opinion. Sir, I object, as a member of the
Committee on Commerce, and as a Senator in tins
body, to any act stating on its face an untruth of
history, the tendency of which is to receive favor-
able notion on that account either here or at the
hands of the Executive. Like the Senator from
Georgia, I will vote upon every case on its own
merits, and while I will vote for many measures
of this character which are presented to Congress,
there are many for which I will not vote, believ-
ing them not to fall within the power of Congress.
But never will I again consent to do what 1 have
done on two fornu r or (visions—.sit still quietly
when a bill upon its face carries a misstatement
of history, as in this case, and as in the Cape
Fear case m Norlh Carohnn. T will do what I
can to have the act speak the truth, and if that be
done, nobody will be deceived.
Mr. IVF.RSON. Mr. President, what is the
history of this transaction? The last Congress
passed an act "appropriating; $101,000 to remove
obsftuciions in the Savannah river, placed there
duilnj; the ievolutionaly war for ttie common
defense, Th.it i.s the recital of the act. The War
Pepm tmont tn the application of that fund has
decided that it can mily lie applied to the removal
of tho ships actually sunk there during the rev-
olutionary war, find cannot he extended to the
removal of obstructions caused by the sinking of
those sliips. As I have already stated, the inten-
tion of Congress clearly was to remove nil the
obstructions consequent upon the act which had
originally been done. That is clearly the good
faith and intention of the law. Owing, howevei,
to the rigid construction which the Secretary of
war has placed upon the law, the object of Con-
gress haw not been and cannot be carried out
without an explanatory bill. The eify council of
Savannah and the people of that city have asked
Congress to pass an explanatory law, amf to
carry out by a new act the original intention of
Congress tit appropriating this money. Congress
have s.nd that these obstructions were put there
during the revolutionary war. Theyhave stopped
up the na\iga: ion of the nvei. You have appro-
priated §101,000 for the purpose of removing
them, but tlv Secretary of War says the money
shall only be applied for the lemoval of the ships
thenisdvcs, wirhour reference to the consequent
obstructions which have grown out of sinking
them. We ask you, therefore, to allow us to
apply the balance of this money which is unex-
pended to remove the obstructions caused by the
sinking of the ships, so as to accomplish the
original intention that Congress had in view m
passing the law.
When that subject was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, with the whole correspond-
ence between the engineer and the Secretary of
War, and a draft of a bill which the people of
Savannah asked to be passed, merely accomplish-
ing the particular objectwhieh they'had in view—
simply asking that the law, in plain terms, should
bo that the balance of the money, not already
appropriated, might be applied to the removal of
tne obstructions consequent on the sinking of the
ships—and when the Committee on Commerce
were asked to report on this question, what did
they do? Instead of complying with the simple
request of the people and the city council of
Savannah; instead of reporting a bill which would
carry out that intention in the most explicit terms
and simplest manner; instead of reporting a biH
authorizing the balance of this expenditure to be
applied to the removal of obstructions which had
been caused by the hulks sunk in the Savannah
river, the Committee on Commerce are more lib-
eral than this. They propose to give to the city
of Savannah, and to the friends of this appropri-
ation, more than was asked for. They report a
bill authorizing the money to be expended at the
discretion of the Secretary of War anywhere and
everywhere in the river Savannah that he may
deem proper.
Sir, I did not say—certainly I did not intend to
say—that the Committee on Commerce reported
this bill for the purpose of defeating tho object;
but I did say, and I repeat, that the Committee
on Commerce must have understood that if the
bill which they have reported shall be passed m
the shape in which they have reported it, it will
meet the Executive veto. Will they deny it5
Does the Senator from Michigan say that he be-
lieves the bill which his committee have reported
will meet the sanction of the Executive? He will
not say so.
Then, sir, the Committee on Commerce have,
in direct opposition to the request of the people
of Savannah, and in violation of the spirit and
intention of the law of the last Congress, reported
a bill which they know, if passed by Congress,
must meet the Executive veto, and the bill must
thus fall, and the object of the appropriation be
defeated—the intention of the last Congress be
defeated. That is what I said. What the object
of the committee may be in so framing the bill, I
do not pretend to say. It may be that they aie
liberal constructionists, as I suppose they are;
and that they have a great many other measures
of a kindred character before this body which
they wish to pass, and they may desire to place
this bill on the same footing with the otheis, so
that if they cannot get their particular appropria-
tions, with the approval of the Executive, they
do not wish the State of Georgia, or the friends
of the Savannah river appropriation, to have the
use of this money for the accomplishment of a
particular objcct.
Sn , I do not understand that dog-in-the-manger
spirit. We ask that the balance of this money
already appropriated may be expended to carry
out (he intention of the last Congress, and to put
it m such a shape that it may not meet the dis-
approbation of the Executive. The committee
come forward with their bill, and report some-
thing ditlerent or contradictory to this, and put
the nppiopnaiionon a pnnoiplcof aganeral cliar-
actei which tliey know will be d> Haled by the
Executive. What is the object of that? Why
have they done itJ If they were willing to have
this money applied as Congress originally in-
tended it to be applied—to remove the obstructions
to the navigation of the Savannah river—either in
specific or in general terms, why not report the
bill which was asked of them? They understood,
as well as 1 did, that if the bill which was referred
to them had been reported back in its original
shape, simply authorizing the balance of the op-
piopiiat.on to be applied to the icmovalof obstruc-
tions in the Savannah river caused by the original
obstructions, it is probable the Executive would
sanction that bill. They also knew—and certainly
they will not pretend that they did not know—that
if they reported a general bill putting the appro-
priation on general principles, it could not receive
the Executive sanction. 1 said, therefore, that I
did not think the committee had acted altogether
fairly in leference to this measure. I will take
back that expression. 1 will not say they have
acted unfairly; but they have acted—if I may use
the expression—with rather too much generosity.
We do not ask for a general appropriation to clean
out the Savannah river; we do not want, we will
not have, such an appropriation. We simply ask
that you will pass a law authorizing the balance
of the money already appropriated, and lying in
the Treasury unexpended, to be applied to accom-
plish the object and spirit of the law of the last
session of Congress.
Now, the Senator from Michigan says that the
bill of the last session stated a falsehood on its
face, and that, to vindicate the truth of history,
the Committee on Commerce at the present ses-
sion have so reported the bill that the whole mat-
ter shall be explained. Let us see how that is.
Let us examine the bill reported by the Committee
on Commerce, and see how it vindicates history
or negatives the tiuth of facts stated in the bill of
the last session of Congress. The gentleman
certainly did not read his own bill when he made
the assertion. Its language is simply this:
"That the money appropriated under the act of the 3d
ofMaich, 1854, tor the improvement of the Savannah river,
may be expended under the direction of the Secretary of
War for the improvement of said uvei at such places and
m such mannei as he may deem proper."
Ts there anything in that which negatives the
recitation in the bill of the last Congress ? Is
there anything in that which vindicates the truth
of history, in the language of the gentleman? Is
there any tiling in that which corrects the falsehood
said to have been recited m the bill of the last
session? No, sir; not a word. How, then, does
the bill reported by the Committee on Commerce
vindicate the truth of history, uccoiding to the
construction of the gentleman?
Mr. President, I am not responsible for the re-
cital of facts contained in the bill of the last Con-
gress. The Senator from Michigan was a mem-
ber of the last Congress; I was not. If the bill
of the last session recited a falsehood on its face,
I humbly submit that the Senator is in part re-
sponsible for it. He was a member of the last
Congress, and I suppose voted for the bill with
what he calls a falsehood on the face of it. If he
did not vote for the bill, and knew of the false-
hood, and thought it was improper, and that it
was to deceive the Executive, it was his duty, as
an honorable man and a Senator, to expose it. I
wish to know whether the Senator did expose it?
Y/here is his speech or exposition of it ?
The Senator accuses or insinuates that I desire
to have a falsehood or a misrepresentation stated
on the face of the bill, to accomplish a particular
object—to deceive the Executive, and get the
sanction of a bill which, under other circum-
stances. he would veto. Does my amendment
give a foundation for such a charge ? Look at the
amendment. I admit the bill of the last session
recites the fact that these obstructions were placed
in the river Savannah during the revolutionary
war for the common defense. In the remarks
which i first had the honor to submit to the Sen-
ate to-day, I expressly said that 1 would not go
into the discussion of the truth of that statement;
for I did not think it was necessary. So inr as
my own vote is una entud, it ^ ould not change
it whether the obstructions were placed there by
the American or the Uiitish forces, or by both;
and therefore it was not necessary for me to go
into an explanation to ascei Lam whether the facts
stated in that bill were true or false. 1 do not
propose, as the Senator has charged against me,
to deceive the Executive by a recitation which
is untrue, or by an assumption of facts which is
false. I am incapable of any such trick as that.
What does my amendment stater It is simply
in these woids:
'< Piot .dc.K That siul cxpcndituic shall he confined to
the ienjo\ai of ofNtniefiore. m Oie ^ind n'.ci can-. <i by tin;
ships oi hulks Mink theiein during tho wai of the Revolu-
tion."
Does that state or insinuate, or can it be inferred
fiom it, that I intended to assume the fact that
these ships were sunk there by the American
forces? No, sir; I simply assume the fact that
ships were sunk m that river during the revolu-
tionary war, and that the sinking of those ships
caused an obstruction to navigation; and f desire
to have this money applied to removing the
obstruction caused by the sinking of the ships,
whether they were sunk by the Dntish or Amer-
ican forces—not assuming to decide the fact, not
reciting the fact that these ships were sunk there
either by the Americans or the British. The
