mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
Bishop, Bowie, Cadwalader, Lewis D. Campbell,Caruthers,
cflafftfei Childs, izis CIark,Howelt Cobb, H. Winter Da-
vis, TimothyBttvis, T>ick, Dowdeli, Duri>e. EHiott, English,
Eusiis, Evans, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Foster, Henry
M. Fuller, Giddings, Gilbeytj ©ranger, Greenwood, Grow,
Robert B. Hall, "Valentine li. Horton, Howard, Jewctt, J.
Slancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kelsey, Kidweli, King, Knowl-
tdii, Kuiikei, Letcher, Ltadley, Lumpkin, Alexander K.
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matloson, Maxwell, Mo-
C'aixy, Meacbam,, Killian Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott,
Murray, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer,
Faine, Parker, Pearee, Peek, Pelton, Perry, Pike, Porter,
Prmgle, Purviance, K«ade, Kicaud, Bobbins, Sage, Sew-
urd, Sherman, Shorter, Simmons, William R. Smith, Sneed,
Spinner, Stewart, Stranaban, Swope, Tappan, Tyson,
Underwood, Valk, Wakeman, Waldron, Welch, Wells,
Wheeler, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, and Daniel B.
Wright.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. SANDIDGE stated that Mr. Shorter was
confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. HARRISON stated that his colleague,
Mr. L. D. Campbell, had been called home by-
sickness in his fitmily.
The SPEAKER announced that one hundred
and thirty members—a quorum—had answered
to their names.
Mr. CL1NGMAN moved that all farther pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WHITNEY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object, and insist upon
the regular order of business. I want this ques-
tion of the correction of the Journal decided
while a quorum is present. I object to every-
thing outside of the regular order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On yester-
day the House postponed the consideration of
House bill No. 96, the steamboat passenger bill,
until to-day. As it is evident that there is no
working quorum here, I ask the consent of the
House to further postpone the consideration of
the bill until four weeks from to-day.
Mv. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
transaction of any business until the pending
question is disposed of.
Mr. MILLSON. With a view of settling this
question of the correction of the Journal, I move
to lay the motion of the gentleman from Tennes-
see on Jhe table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. It is evident that
tliere willnotbe a quorum votingupon that ques-
tion; and I movo, therefore, that the House ad-
journ. .
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Mili.son's
motion; and being taken, upon a division there
were—ayes 75, noes 29; no quorum.
Mr. SAPP demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Safp and
Bocock were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 81, noes 31; no quorum voting.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
at this time.
Mr. CRAIGE, I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. ALLEN. I ask the gentleman from North
Carolina to withdraw his motion to enable me to
make a statement.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can make
his statement only by unanimous consent. 1
No objection being made,
Mr. ALLEN said: I desire only to state that I
paired off with Mr. Waldron upon all questions
except railroad questions. I also paired off with
another member of the House upon some other
questions. On my return here I forgot my pair
with Mr. Waldron, and have been voting this
morning until I was reminded of it a moment ago
by the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Wal-
biudge.] I thought it due to the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Waldron] to make this state-
ment, that he might not think that I was endeav-
oring to take advantage of his absence.
Mr. HERBERT. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw his motion to ad-'
journ, until I can make a remark in reference to
the special order set down for to-day.
Mr. CRAIGE. I withdraw my motion.
Mr, IIERBERT. It will be recollected that
the House set aside to-day for the consideration
of a bill providing for expediting the settlement
of land titles in California. I no w move that its
consideration be further postponed until 
The SPEAKER. The motion can be enter-
tained only by the unanimous consent of the
House, the pending question being upon the cor-
rection of the Journal.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. There is no objection
to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There were
two bills postponed till this morning, and I hope
there will be no objection to their further post-
ponement.
Mr. CRAIGE. I renew my motion to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope it will be voted
down, and that we will not adjourn until these
bills are postponed.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table, for the purpose of reference to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, Senate bill for the
relief of Horatio J. Perry.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to any-
thing of that kind until we have a quorum here.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I desire to inquire of
the Chair whether the bills which were specially
postponed until to-day, if they are not further
postponed, will go to the Speaker's table, or will
they stand as the first business in order when we
shall have a quorum?
The SPEAKER. If they were postponed by
the order of the House only until to-day, they
will go to the Speaker's table, and be the first
thing in order when the House proceeds to busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Under that
statement, I hope the House will consent to a
further postponement before we adjourn.
Mr. TRAFTON. Can the House consent
when the House is not here ?
Mr. CRAIGE. I insist upon my motion to
adjourn.
The question was taken) and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to
make a motion which every member in the House
can vote upon. There is evidently a quorum
here, and I move to postpone the further consid-
eration of the motion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee for one week.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
that motion cannot be entertained at this time, as
there is a motion pending to lay the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now move
that House bill No. 96, relating to the security
of lives on board of vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam be postponed until four weeks
from to-day.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was not. agreed to.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I am satisfied that the only
objection to adjourning at this time is, that the
two bills which have been made the order for to-
day will go upon the Speaker's table if we ad-
journ without postponing their consideration to
a future day. I have no doubt, that at any time
when you shall have a quorum here, the House
will take them up for consideration, and I hope
the House will adjourn with that understanding.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With that
understanding I have no objection to adjourning.
Mr. SANDIDGE, I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. NICHOLS.- Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. TODD. I call for tellers upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Todd, and
Miller of Indiana, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 66, noes 26.
So the motion was agreed toj, and thereupon,
at ten minutes past one o'clock, the House
adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jime 12, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Foster a member of the Committee on Public
Lands in place of Mr. Clayton, who was on
Monday excused from service on that committee.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I rise for a
purpose purely personal, such as I have never
before risen for m the Senate. I desire to explain
some matters personal to myself and to my own
future course m public life.
Several Senators. Go on.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to excuse
me from further service as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce. I do so because I feel
that my relations hereafter will be of such a char*
acter as to render it proper that X should no longer
hold that position. I owe this act to the domi-
nant majority in the Senate. When I cease to har-
monize with the majority, or tests are applied by
that party with which I have acted to which I
cannot submit, I feel that I ought no longer to
hold that respectable position. I propose to state
briefly the reasons which have brought me to
that conclusion.
During nine years of service in the Senate I
have preferred rather to be a working than a
talking member, and so I have been almost a
silent one. On the subjects which have so much
agitated the country, Senators know that I have
rarely uttered a word. I love my country more
than I love my party. I love my country above
my love for any interest that can too deeply agi-
tate or disturb its harmony. I saw, in all the
exciting scenes and debates through which we
have passed, no particular good that would result
from my active intermingling in them. My heart
has often been full, and the impulses of thatheart
have often been felt upon my lips, but I have
repressed them there.
Sir, I hold that the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise was a gross moral and political wron^,
unequaled in the annals of the legislation of this
country, and hardly equaled in the annals of
any other free country. Still, sir, with a desire to
promote harmony and concord and brotherly feel-
ing, I was a quiet man under all the exciting de-
bates which led to that fatal result. I believed it
wrong then; I can see that wrong lying broadcast
all around us now. As a wrong 1 opposed that
measure—not indeed by my voice, but with con-
sistent and steady and uniform votes. I so re-
sisted it in obedience to the dictates of my own
judgment. I did it also cheerfully, in compli-
ance with the instructions of the Legislature of
Maine, which were passed by a vote almost unan-
imous. In the House ofRepresentatives of Maine,
consisting of one hundred and fifty-one members,
only six, I think, dissented; and in the Senate,
consisting of thirty-one members, only one mem-
ber non-concurred.
But the Missouri restriction was abrogated.
The portentous evils that were predicted have
followed, and are yet following, along in its train.
It was done, sir, in violation of the pledges of
that party with which I have always acted, and
with which I have always voted. It was done in
violation of solemn pledges of the President of the
United States, made in his inaugural address.
Still, sir, I was disposed to suffer the wrong, until
I should see that no evil results were flowing from
it. We were told by almost every Senator who
addressed us upon that occasion that no evil
results would follow; that no practical differenco
in the settlement of the country, and the character
of the future State, would take place, whether the
act were done or not. 1 have waited calmly and
patiently to see the fulfillment of that prediction;
and I am grieved, sir, to say now, that they have
at least been mistaken in their predictions and
promises. They all have signally failed.
That Senators might have voted for that meas-
ure under the belief then expressed and the pre-
dictions to which I have alluded, I can well un-
derstand. But how Senators can now defend that
measure amid all its evils, which are overwhelm-
ing the land, if not threatening it with a confla-
gration, is what I do not comprehend. The whole
of the disturbed state of the country has its rise
