28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 25,
Knight, ICnovvlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Matteson, Mc-
Carty, Kiilian Miller, Miilward, Morgan, Moiriil, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pelton,
Pennington, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie, Roberts,
Hobison, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Spinner, Stanton,
Stephens, Stranahan, Swope, Tappan, Thomson, Tliura-
ton, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakdman, Walbnd«e, Wal-
dron? Oadwalader C. Wa&hburne, Ellihu 13. Wa>nburne?
Israel Washburn, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
wot th—99.
So the rules were riot suspended, two thirds
not having voted therefor.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. HORTON", of Ohio, stated that on his
return to the city ho learned that he had been
paired off by his friends with Mr. Ready. Ac-
quiescing in that arrangement, he therefore de-
clined to vote.
Mr. ROBBINS stated that he had paired off
with Mr. English.
Mr. SNEED stated that on Tuesday last he
met Mr. Puryear in Richmond, who had not
then received any certain information of this
called session, but stated that, if he should re-
ceive such information, he should return hero as
soon as possible.
DEATH OF HON. JAMES MEACHAM.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, being the only
Representative now present from my State, it
becomes my sad duty to inform the House of
the decease of my colleague, the Hon. James
Meacham.
At twelve o'clock, m., on Saturday last—not
having been apprised of his condition since his
departure from this city—hoping tiiat the cooler
and more bracing atmosphere of the North had
proved beneficial to his system, and seeing that we
were not likely to adjourn immediately, I sent a
telegraphic dispatch summoning him to return
here without delay; but. he had already obeyed
that higher summons—a more swift dispatch —
to which we all must in turn give heed, and had
departed to
u The undiscover'd country, frotn whose bout a
No traveler returns."
This event took place at three o'clock on Sat-
urday morning last, at his residence in Middle-
bury, Vermont. On Tuesday preceding our recent
adjournment he left hero, by the advice of his
nhysu-ian, to join his family; and, before we had
heard of ins arrival there, we are surprised by
the announcement of his death. His health had
been failing, as was appnient to us all, from the
commencement of th" session; and at some pe-
riods lnv was so ill , nd suffered so much as to
excite not only the apprehension of his friends,
but of himself, it was my fortune to be fre-
quently with him up.in such occasions; and in
one of these desponding moods, walking in the
fiont Capitol grounds, he volunteered to give me
a few facts relating to his early history, with
which I was unacquainted, remarking that I
might be called upon to use them at no distant
day. f rallied him by saying that his chances
for life, with his naturally robust frame, wen; far
better than mine; but, if he d< sired to make so
poor a trade, 1 would exchange facts with him—
my trash for his riches. His Utile boy (then
hero) running up to us at the moment, broke off
the story in the middle, never to be resumed.
And now he is broken oit in the meridian of life,
and in the midst of usefulness; but, we trust, in
the Christian's hope, to be resumed and renewed
in the life incorruptible and immortal.
Little dreaming that any leeurrenee to that
conversation would ever become necessary, I did
but half garner in my memory his modest, and,
as Jl now find, far too meager recital of some events
in his personal history.
James Meacham was born in the town of Rut-
land, Vermont, A. D. 1810, and was consequently
at the time of his decease forty-six years of age.
He lost his parents while a mere youth, and was
thus left to commence the battle of life with no
resource but an active and vigorous constitution. !
He disclosed at once his mastery over himself |
and the accidents of his position by putting <
both his hands and his mind sternly to their daily '
task. While serving an apprenticeship in his i
native town, in a cabinet-maker shop, he found ;
time and means to prepare himself for admission '
to Middlebury College, and from tlus institution
lie subsequently graduated with marked distinc-
tion. After remaining there a year or two as
tutor, he prepared himself for the ministry at the
And over Theological Institution, and then be-
came a settled pastor of the church in the town of
Newhaven, Vermont. After a few years of most
acceptable labor here, where his discourses, by
their fervor, point, and classic elegance, had
secured the foundation of a growing reputation,
his alma mater sought and obtained his services
by calling him to the professorship of elocution
and English literature. This station he filled for
three or four years with equal honor to himself
and advantage to the institution.
In A. D. 1849, he was first elected a member
of this House, to fill a vacancy occasioned by the
resignation of the Hon. George P. Marsh, who
had received the appointment of Minister to Con-
stantinople. After four successive elections he
was again a candidate, by the unanimous nomi-
nation of his party, fpr a fifth term of service in
this body.
For the past four years, and until the com-
mencement of the present session of Congress,
when his failing health admonished him to decline
its honors and its labors, he was an intelligent
member of the Regency of the Smithsonian In-
stitution, where he was recognized by his asso-
ciates as a man of superior mind, who not only
appreciated the objccts of that institution, but
had ao enlightened comprehension of the scope
and utility of the various means adopted by the
board to carry out the design of its beneficent
founder. If any difference as to measures arose,
he showed that it was not a blind and unreason-
ing difference; and exhibited, by his independent
course of thought, the full strength of his posi-
tion. lie took manifest, interest in this institu-
tion " for the increase and diffusion of knowl-
edge among men," and gave punctual and care-
ful attention to all its business.
In the present Congress he filled the important
post of chairman of the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
My first acquaintance with Mr. Meacham,
commencing when we met here in December last,
affords me little knowledge of
" That best portion of a good man's life—
His Jmic, fMnieJes"*, timcmejnberVl acts
Ol' kindness and of love
so that I have been compelled to confine myself
to his public character, and to the dry detail of
facts, though I may way that in my personal in-
tercourse with him, while he was a man of de-
cided spirit, and while his disease tended to fold
him in the genus ii-rUabile, I have found him
gentle, kind, and touchmgly grateful for any
solicitude mamlKsfed m his behalf.
1 le was a man of marked ability, ripeness of
judgment, indomitable will, and unwaveung in-
teginy. His scholat ship, never ostentatious,
was varied, solid, and useful. Ay a debater, he
appeared, perhaps, too rarely, never except to
disen^s some question immediately before the
House, and then always commanded the most
respectful attention. Ths arguments were always
clear and cogent. His diction, distinguished for
its terseness and purity, was enforced by an
earnest and energetic deliveiy. Dut, with so
many qualifications for usefulness to his country
and for mei easing the brightness of his own faim",
his career is closed forever, and we have only to
express the brief tribute of our grief for his loss.
He leaves to deplore his fate a devoted wife
and an interesting family, whose grief will suffer
no diminution because a laige and intelligent
circle of acquaintances are touched with kindred
sorrow, nor because his district, alive with thou-
sands of unfaltering friends, is suddenly ranked
as his chief mourner.
In our brief career this is the third instance
where we have seen the ambition of one of our
fellow-members forever extinguished, the hope
of families crushed, and the pride of States ob-
scured. Such lessons as these should lead us to
pause and review our actions, abate our heated
strifes, and teach us the real value of the trans-
itory things which now so wholly engross our
passions and affections. Are we ready to bear
the great final ordeal to which our bi others have
been subjected only a little in advance ?
" "Tis greatly wise to talk with our past hour*,
And ask them what repoit they bore to Heaven."
Mr. Speaker, I move the adoption of the fol-
lowing resolutions:
Resolved, That this House has heard with deep regret
the announcement of the death of Hon. Jam*.* Meacham,
a membei of tht.-i House fiom Veunont.
RcsoLced, That this House tenders its sympathy to the
widow and family of the deceased, and, as a testimonial of
re ppct, that the members and officers of this House will
go into mourning by wearing crape on their left arm for
thiity days.
Resolved, That a copy of the foregoing resolutions be
communicated to the widow of the deceased
Resolved, That, as a fuither mark of respect, this House
do now adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. Speaker, I do not rise
for the purpose of entering upon any extended
eulogium upon the character of the deceased. I
rise simply to second the resolutions which have
been offered. But, sir, I deem it proper to state
that it is now nearly a quarter of a century since
I was first brought into contact with the distin-
guished deceased. We were brought into rela-
tions with each other, which, to me at least, were
most endearing, and most important to my future
prospects. In these relations I received such
constant kindness, such care and such interest
for my future welfare, in connection with others
bearing the same relations, that I have ever felt
that I owed to him a debt of gratitude which I
could never repay, but which I the more cheer-
fully acknowledge.
I will not, as I said before, enter upon anycx-
tended remarks upon the character of the deceased.
The short time in wluch we have associated here
makes it far more proper that I should leave this
tribute to those who have been longer connected
with him in this field of action. But, sir, our com-
mon nativity, and the circumstances I have men-
tioned, connected with my early education, and
the suddenness of the announcement which has
been made, have greatly increased the force of the
shock.
The last interview I had with the Hon. James
Meacham was scarcely ten days ago. Wo were
then anticipating a meeting to occur this.week,
in which both of us were to mingle in the scenes
of our early youth; there to seek repose, and
recruit our shattered health. To-morrow we
were to have met under the very walls of our
alma mater. To-day his voice is hushed in death,
and mine mingles falteringly in the sad ceremonies
of the occasion. Surely, " In the midst of life
we are in death."
Mr. Speaker, I second the resolutions.
Mr. ETHERIDGJE. Mr. Speaker, the marked
attention the House has given to what has just
been said, is no more than might have been
expected from those who knew James Meacham
as he was known to us. When, but recently,
wo were summoned to the post of duty, we did
not suppose he was so soon to be summoned to
the presence of his God. But, sir, the vacant
seat, and the sad announcement we have just
heard, mmglc our warning with the assurance
; that, he w dead.
| This Hall, so o^ten swayed by passion, so often
i the theater of a noble livalry, is now the apart-
] ment of sorrow. Paces which yesterday beamed
i with animation, show signs of grief to-day.
I Hearts which then beat anxiously, while watch-
J ing the result of impending struggles, are now
! sad and subdued; and I am pleased that it is so;
| for with all our imperfections, under the antag-
i omstic influences which more or less control our
| actions and opinions, none are to be found who
! can withhold the tear of sympathy at an hour
[ like this.
| A colleague is dead. Though brief the announce-
ment, what more can be said to impress us with
charity and forbearance, or teach the folly of
ambition and the vanity of earthly things? But
that announcement is doubly impressive when
we are told that, of us all, James Meacham was
the "shining mark" at which the shaft of death
was hurled.
As he was for many years a member of this
body, I have known him during my brief con-
[ gressional career. I may say I have known him
intimately and well, and to all that has been so
justly and fitly said of his personal virtues, my
heart yields a willing response. While his
bounteous hand was ever open to meritorious
want, his generous sympathy, his kindness and
gentleness of disposition, lent a radiance to the
circle in which he moved. Of acknowledged
! learning, he was remarkable for his modesty.
| Of enlaiged public experience, and great abil-
| ities, he never sought improperly to lead his
