1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iwm
in, and is attributable to, that act alone—nothing
else. It lies at the foundation of all our misfor-
tunes and commotions. There would have been
no incursions by Missouri borderers into Kansas
either to establish slavery or control elections.
There would have been no necessity either for
others to have gone there partially to aid in pre-
serving the country in its then condition. All
would have been peace there. Had it not been
done, that repose and quiet which pervaded the
public mind then, would hold it in tranquillity
to-day. Instead of startling events we should
have quiet and peace within our borders, and that
fraternal feeling which ought to animate the citi-
zens of every part of the Union toward those of
all other sections.
Sir, the events that are taking place around us
are indeed startling. They challenge the public
mind and appeal to the public judgment; they
thrill the public nerve as electricity imparts a
tremulous motion to the telegraphic wire. It is
-a period when all good men should unite in apply-
ing the proper remedy to secure peace and har-
mony to the country. Is this to be done by any
of us, by remaining associated with those who
have been instrumental in producing these results,
and who now justify them? I do not see my duty
lying in that direction.
I have, while temporarily acquiescing, stated
here and at home, everywhere, uniformly, that
when the tests of those measures were applied to
me as one of party fidelity, I would sunder them
as flax is sundered at the touch of fire. I do it
now.
The occasion involves a question of moral duty;
and self-respect allows me no other line of duty
but to "follow the dictates of my own judgment
and the impulses of my own heart. A just man
may cheerfully submit to many enforced humili-
ations; but a self-degraded man has ceased to be
worthy to be deemed a man at all.
Sir, what has the recent Democratic convention
at Cincinnati done ? It has indorsed the measure
I have condemned, and has sanctioned its de-
structive and ruinous effects. It has done more—
vastly more. That principle or policy of territo-
rial sovereignty which once had, and which I sup-
pose now has, its advocates within these walls, is
stricken down; and there is an absolute denial of
it in the resolution of the convention, if I can draw
right conclusions—a denial equally to Congress,
and even to the people of the Territories, of the
.right to settle the question of slavery therein.
On the contrary, the convention has actually in-
corporated into the platform of the Democratic
party that doctrine which, only a few years ago,
met nothing but ridicule and contempt, here and
elsewhere, namely: that the flag of the Federal
Union, under the Constitution of the United
States, carries slavery wherever it floats. If this
baleful principle be true, then that national ode
which inspires us always as on a battle-field,
should be rewritten by Drake, and should read
thus:
" Forever float that standard sheet;
Where breathes the foe but falls before us,
With Slavery's soil beneath our feet,
And Slavery's banner streaming o'er us ?"
Now, sir, what is the precise condition in which
this matter is left by the Cincinnati convention?
I do not design to trespass many moments on the
Senate; but allow me to read and offer a very few
comments upon some portions of the Democratic
platform. The first resolution that treats upon
the subject is in these words—I read just so much
of it as is applicable to my present remarks:
" That Congress has no power under the Constitution to
interfere with or control the domestic institutions of the
several States, and that all such States are the sole and
proper judges of everything appertaining to their own af-
fairs not prohibited by the Constitution."
I take it that this language, thus far, is language
which meets_ a willing and ready response from
every Senator here—certainly it does from me.
But in the followingresolutionl find these words:
" Resolved, That the foregoing proposition covers, and
was intended to embrace, the whole subject of slavery agi-
tation in Congress."
The first resolution which I read was adopted
years ago in Democratic conventions. The sec-
ond resolution which I read was adopted in sub-
sequent years, when a different state of things
had arisen, and it became necessary to apply an
abstract proposition relating to the States to the
Territories. 'Hence the adoption of the language
contained in the second resolution which I have
read.
Now, sir, I deny the position thus assumed by
the Cincinnati convention. In the language of
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
so ably and so appropriately used, on Tuesday
last, I'hold that the entire and unqualified sover-
eignty of the Territories is in Congress. That is
™y judgment; but this resolution brings the Ter-
ritories precisely within the same limitations which
are applied to the States in the resolution which
I first read. The two taken together deny to Con-
gress any power of legislation in the Territories.
Follow on, and let us see whatremains. Adopt-
ed as a part of the present platform, and as neces-
sary to a now state of things, and to-meet an
emergency now existing, the Convention says:
u The American Democracy recognize and adopt the
principles containedin tlie organic laws establishing the Ter-
ritories of Kansas aud Nebraska, as embodying the only
sound and safe solution of the slavery question, upon which
the great national idea of the people of this whole country
can repose, m its determined conservatism of the Union—
non-interfercnce by Congress with slavery in States and
Territories.5'
Then follows the last resolution:
u Resolved, That we recognize the right of the people of
all the Territories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting
through the fairly-expressed will of the majority of actual
residents, and whenever the number of their inhabitants
justifies it, to form a constitution, with or without domestic
slavery, and be admitted into the Union upon terms of per-
fect equality with the otherStates."
Take all these resolutions together, and the
deduction which we must necessarily draw from
them is a denial to Congress of any power what-
ever to legislate upon the subject of slavery. The
last resolution denies to the people of the Terri-
tory any power over that subject, save when they
shall have a sufficient number to form a consti-
tution and become a State, and also denies that
Congress has any power over the subject; and so
the resolutions hold that this power is at least in
abeyance while the Territory is in a territorial
condition. That is the only conclusion which
you can draw from these resolutions. Alas! for
short-lived territorial sovereignty. It came to its
death in the house of its friends; it was buried by
the same hands which had given it baptism !
But, sir, I did not rise for the purpose of dis-
cussing these resolutions, but only to read them,
and state the action which I propose to take in
view of them. I may—I probably shall—take
some subsequent occasion, when I shall endeavor
to present to the Senate and the country a fail-
account of what is the true issue presented to the
people for their consideration and decision.
My object now is to show only that the Cin-
cinnati convention has indorsed and approved of
the repeal of the Missouri compromise, from
which so many evils have already flowed—from
which, I fear, more and worse evils must yet be
anticipated. It would, of course, be expected
that the presidential nominee of that convention
would accept, cordially and cheerfully, the plat-
form prepared for him by his party friends. No
person can object to that. There is no equivo-
cation on his part about the matter. I beg leave
to read a short extract from a speech of that gen-
tleman, made at his own home, within the last
few days. In reply to the Keystone Club, which
paid him a visit there, Mr. Buchanan said:
" Gentlemen, two weeks since I should have made you
a longer speech, but now I have been placed on a platform
of which I most heartily approve, and that can speak for
me. Being the representative of the great Democratic
party, and not simply James Buchanan, I must square my
conduct according to the platform of the party, and insert
no new plank, nor take one from it."
Those events leave to me only one unpleasant
duty, which is to declare here that I can maintain
political associations with no party that insists
upon such doctrines; that I can support no man
for President who avows and recognizes them;
and that the little of that power with which God
has endowed me shall be employed to battle man-
fully, firmly, and consistently for his defeat, de-
manded as it is by the highest interests of the
country which owns all my allegiance.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Maine to be excused
from further service on the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of the
■heirs of Joseph Packwood, praying-for remuner-
ation for the extraordinary anil meritorious ser-
vices of their ancestor, and indemnity for hie
losses and sacrifices in the revolutionary struggle;
which was referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Oneida county, New York, remonstrating against
the further extension of the patents heretofore
granted to Cyrus H. McGormick, Obed Hussey,
and to Moore & Hascall, for improvements ih
reaping and mowing machines; which was
ordered to He on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of citizens
of Boston, Massachusetts, praying Congress to
extend the same protection to mechanics, chem-
ists, artists, and farmers, in the use and enjoy-
ment of their inventions, that is afforded by law
to literary men and authors; which was referred
to the Gommittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of
Alexander Jones, late a soldier in the United
States Army, praying to be allowed "bounty land;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of
George S. Seton, praying tliathe may be allowed
to enter a quantity of land equal to that of which
he has been deprived by errors in the survey of
a tract claimed under a. Spanish concession, and
confirmed to him by a decree of tlie Supremo
Court; which was referred to the Committee 011
Public Lands.
Mr. DURKEE presented apetition of the board
of supervisors of Brown county, Wisconsin,
praying that a tract of land belonging to the
United States, in that county, may be granted to
them for the use and support of the paupers of
that county; which was referred to the Commit-
tee" on Public Lands.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of Mary E.
Heard, and the other heirs of General Daniel
Morgan, an officer in the army of the Revolution,
praying to be allowed depreciation on his com-
mutation pay; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
of Almerin C. Harper, only surviving child of
Robert Harper, deceased, praying to be allowed
bounty land for his father-s services in the war
of 1812; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Iowa, praying that the State may be confirmed
in the selection of swamp and overflowed lands
made under the act of September 28,1850; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
MAIL ROUTE'S IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have a. petition from citi-
zens of Arkansas, praying for the establishment
of a mail route in that State, which is addressed
and was presented to the Post Office Department.
It is not within the power of the Department to
grant it. I therefore present it here, with a reso-
lution referring it to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads to inquire into the expedi-
ency of granting its prayer. I offer this resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Mount Ida, hy Maddox .Sul-
phur Springs, in Montgomery county, and by Big Beryl post
office, to Panther, in Folk county, in Arkansas.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
MAIL ROUTES IN IOWA.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po.it Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing a
mail route from Decorah, in Winneshiek county, via Ver-
non Springs, Howard Center, Jamestown, and Cardiff, to
Cora, in Mitchell county, all in Iowa.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour has
arrived for the consideration of the special otjder,
which is the bill (S. No. 172) to authorize the
people of Kansas to form a constitution and State
government, preparatory to their admission into
the Union when they have the requisite papula-
tion. , ,
| Mr. BUTLER spoke for «*> 'hours; when he
i was interrupted by
