1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
friends, or invite public attention to his efforts
Whatever he believed his duty required, he
did not hesitate to perform; nor did he stop.to
count the cost to himself, or shrink from respons-
ibility, because others would not share it with
him. It is no small praise to say that those who
placed him in public life retained him thore.
y never abated their affection for the man,
or their confidence in the public servant A
member of the present Congress, he had been
nominated for the next. Few men of his years
had achieved so much. None have left a purer
tame, or one more honorably earned. But, sir,
1 rose only to second the resolutions, and to say
a word because of my affectionate regard for the
deceased. I need not speak of his high intel-
lectual endowments, his many virtues, or his
public services; to you and the people of his own
State these things are known. '
But yesterday, he was here, giving promise of
increasing usefulness with the advance of years.
To-day, we offer this last tribute to his cherished
memory It i^ all we can do. To those whose
hearts are broken by this sad bereavement, we
can offer no more. In this their hour of deepest
anguish, our condolence, our sympathy,must be
unavailing. It is pleasant, however, to know that
wounds in the heart of infancy will not always
bleed; that childhood may learn and love forget-
fulness. Bat there is one to whom no human
effort can bring happiness or peace: she who
taught his children to lisp the name of " father" 
whose earliest love "made ambition virtue"—
whose sympathy cheered him on in every strug-
gle, and shared his many triumphs;—she it is who
must ever be a mourner, with no consolation but
the Christian's hope.
I\Ir. DICKSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask the priv-
ilege ot adding a few word as to what has been so
beautifully, and at the same time so truthfully,
said by those who have preceded me. My ac-
quaintance with Mr. AIeacham commenced with
this session of Congress, and, I am free to say,
my first impressions of him were m the mam un-
favorable. I thought him cold and distant. That
feding, however, during our daily intercourse,
gradually, though surely,gave way; and I found
myself, before his departure from the city, which
was thought hy many of us to be his last leave,
drawn towards him, and receiving impressions
of him that time alone can ever obliterate.
Having been a practicing physician for over
twenty years, my heart naturally, I believe,
warmed towards those, either male or female,
whom I found ministering to the wants of a sick
room, and watching with deep solicitude the
piogress of the disease, regardless ot* danger to
themselves. They have ever appeared to me as
ministering ongols, with benevolence, in bold
rehet, stamped on their brow, while underneath
m:iy be found, m Jiving letters, <!thy reward
awaiteth thee. " With these I classed Mr.
Mcaciiam, of Vermont. '' I was sick, and he
visited me;" his calls were regular, and always,
wuh a benign and pleasing aspect, saying, " You
are looking betier this morning," "you will
soon be well again, I hope," and other cheering
and encouiaging expiessions, always welcome
tn a sick chamber. I have seen him in a sick
room, and though feeble himself, ready and
willing to do all m his power to alleviate the dis-
tresses of his prostrate friend. This I believe to
have been a characteristic of Mr. Meacham, and
that goodness of heart and kindness of feeling
towards his fellows were prominent traits in his
character. Mr. Speaker, I could not say less of
him, I will not say more.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I should do
violence, Air. Speaker, to every emotion of my
heart, did I withhold my humble tribute of re-
spect for the memory of the deceased.
Mr. Meaciiam was chairman of the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia. My acquaint-
ance with him was but of recent date, having
bei-n derived from our mutual association on that I
committee. In that connection I had daily inter- !
coutse with him, and it was in that sphere tha- ;
the impression was deeply made on me that he I
was entitled to the highest esteem as a man. !
It is known to this House, Mr. Speaker, that i
the lamented deceased and myself (littered widely j
111 politics. In that respect we entertained no sen- |
timent in common. I will do him the justice to 1
say that, m the business of the committee room,
he never uttered a sentiment that would have
wounded the feelings of the most sensitive south-
ern mind Mr. Meacham's political opinions
were no doubt formed from the honest conviction
that they were right. They were, in my judg-
ment, erroneous; but being sensitive of that pro-
priety which rebuked their expression in other
than appropriate places, he pursued a course of
conduct which enabled him always to be courte-
ous with those between whom and him there was
a difference.
As chairman of the Committee for the District
of Columbia his bearing was dignified and polite.
Adhering always to the strictest rules of duty,
ins trust in that relation seemed always to be
discharged with the strictest regard to justice and
propriety, and left 110 one to doubt that he was '
actuated by the most rigid impartiality. Mr.
i?AuHAM Possessed a richly cultivated mind,
which, being moved by an honest heart, blended
prudence as the intimate companions
of his every action.
Peace be to his memory! Let the living be
admonished by this sudden change of one who
was, but a few days since, of them, but who is
now of the things that were but are not; that,
like unto him, we may soon be called to discharge
the debt which he has paid. Let his demise warn
us that nothing of the earth should deter us from
pursuing that unbroken lino in life, a departure
trom which may preclude us from the enjoyment
of those things that are not yet, but will be, if we
work for the possession of that bliss which is as
far above worldly distinctions as are the heavens
above the earth, or the brightness of the noon-
day's sun to the evanescent light of the glow-
( worm.
I Invested, as we are, with the legislative func- ]
| tions of a nation, let this providential dispcnsa- >
i tion be viewed as an admonition that Heaven has
; an eye to the preservation of this Government—
| the richest boon ever willed to man. Let us divest
i ourselves of every selfish consideration, discard
I the partisan passions which, engendered, are too
| apt to sway us, and adopt that policy which will
; best promote our national happiness and perpet-
| uate our national freedom.
Whilst, by this national bereavement, Provi-
| dence forcibly impressed with that divine moral
J " that in the midst of life we are in death," lthas
I necessarily inflicted wounds which none, sove
■ He, can heal. The loving wife has lost a devoted
husband—the fond child a dutiful parent—the
State^a distinguished Representative—society a
beneficent member, and science a bright gem.
These are his virtues, which no one can detract
from the casket of his memory. Whilst few of
us can hope to reach his attainments in learning,
we can endeavor to emulate hisgoodnebs and vir-
tues. The memory of the man and scholar whom ,
we regarded in life, commands our best respect
1 now that he is dead. j
j Mr. Speaker, this feeble tribute represents not j
: only my feelings, but those of every one of my j
i colleagues on the committee of which the dc-j
! ceased was chairman. Humble though it be, m
| their and my name I offer it to his virtues. j
Mr. GIDDIInGS. I rise on the present mourn- '
ful occasion to add my humble voice in this trib- !
utc of respect to the memory of a deceased friend I
and fellow-member. Most cordially do I unite i
in all that has been said of his virtues and intel-;
licence. I have associated from my childhood 1
with Ins relatives and friends. Our fathers were
neighbors and intimate associates. Many of his ;
relatives are residents of my district. To them,
j to all his numerous friends now scattered m dif- ,
! ferent States, I send the assurance of my condo- ;
j lenco and sympathy. 1
| I served with the deceased during his member-
; ship of this body. To his personal kindness,
j hiselevated patriotism, hisdevotion to his official
j duties, his dignified bearing as a statesman, I 1
i bear cheerful testimony. He has been suddenly |
: removed from our councils. We deplore ins j
> departure. In his death we have lost an able j
member, and that noldestwork of God, an "Ao? 1-;
1 est man." •,
i The question was then taken, and the resolu- i
tions were agreed to; and thereupon (at five mm- i
- utes to one o'clock) the House adjourned until j
1 to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m, 1
IN SENATE.
Tuesdat, August 26,1836.
Prayer by Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, at this
brief and extraordinary session, there has been
but little opportunity for complying with the
rules; and, though I have given no notice accord-
rules, 1 desire to ask leave to introduce
a bill to amend the act of Congress entitled " An
act to organize the Territories of Nebraska and
Kansas,' approved the 30th of May, 1854.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will require
unanimous consent to introduce the bill.
Mr. BIGGS. I object.
Mr. CHITTENDEN. Then I give notice that
to-morrow morning I shall ask leave to introduce
it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The notice
will be entered.
OLD ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A. message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk, announced
that the House adherad to its amendment dis-
agreed to by the Senate"o the bill (H. R. No.
153) making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending 30th June, 1857.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The notice
will be entered.
KANSAS LAWS.
Mr. WELLER. I desire now to introduce a
bill of which I gave notice yesterday.
There being no objection, leave was granted;
and the bill (S. No. 464) amendatory of an act
passed the 30th of May, 1854, entitled " An act
to organize the Territories of Nebraska and
Kansas," was read the first time, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. "W ELLER. I desire to move that the bill
be printed; and Igive notice that I shall call it up
to-morrow, and endeavor to obtain the action of
the Senate upon it. I deem it a matter of very
great importance. I am exceedingly anxioue to
get away from here, and am willing to do all in
my power to obviate the difficulties that now exist
between the two branches of Congress. This js
precisely the same provision which is contained
in the eighteenth section of a bill which wo sent
some time ago to the House of Representatives.
The House, in a different form, have also ex-
pressed their dissent to those laws which are now
m force in the Territory of Kansas. I know
very well that no prosecutions have taken place
under those laws, nor has an attempt as yet been
made to enforce them; but they are so infamous
in their character, that I am unwilling they should
stand upon the statute-book of any of the Terri-
tories of this Union. I believe they violate not
only the organic law, but the Constitution of the
United States. I am anxious, therefore, to do all
in my power to wipe them ort. This proposition
has already, as 1 have said before, received tho
sanction of the Senate, it is true, the House of
Representatives take shelter under other pro-
visions of the bill. I do not wish that it shall bo
within the power of the Pr^ident of the United
States to enforce a single one of those laws which
are abrogated by the provisions of this bilk
33ut, sir, I have no disposition to trespass upon
the attention of the Senate now. I have not
engaged in the discussion of this question during
the last session. I have purposely avoided it,
I do not participate in that feeling which seems
to have taken possession of those engaged in the
discussion of it; but I am anxious to go as far
as I daro go m relieving the Government from tho
difficulty m which it is now placed. I fuel tho
more the necessity, because, as chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, I am brought
directly in contact with that department of tho
Government, and am anxious that that right arm
of the public service shall not be palsied at tho
present time.
Mr. BIGGS. I ask for the reading of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been
read the first time.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to remark that the
publications m the Intelligencer and the Union,
this morning1, are both inaccurate. They have
taken the eighteenth section of the bill introduced
