1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
34th Cohg....1st Sess.
Resolutions of Massachtisetts, fyc.—Mr. Seward.
Senate.
from some of those difficulties that seem to threaten
us with so much exasperation and strife. I be-
lieve that the merits of the whole case may thus
be reached, and thus, too, we may save ourselves
from the agitation which, rely upon it, is doing
great mischief here and abroad. I think the Sen-
ate ought to reverse its position. Indeed, it would
be but acting under the precedent in the case of
Gunn, (a Senator who challenged a member of
the House of Representatives,) if we were to with-
draw our application after the apology of the
member from South Carolina. In that case the
proceedings were dropped the moment the Sen-
ator declared his contrition for what had hap-
pened. I believe that if this were done here, and
the case were left to the courts, we should save
both Houses from a scene of strife and exasper-
ation which every patriot and every lover of his
country must deplore.
Suppose that two foreign nations were mutually
to instruct theirrepresentatives to insult and abuse
each other: how long would peace tie maintained ?
Suppose that the members of the same family
Were to use their opportunities of daily inter-
course for the purpose of mutual vituperation:
how long would harmony exist? Suppose that
States which belonged to the same Union should
use the common hall of their deliberations for the
purpose of mutual crimination and recrimination:
now long would that Union be maintained ? Sir,
"in the letter which killeth" it might endure
for a while, but in " the spirit which giveth life"
it would soon be gone and lost forever.
Now, sir, I ask if these are not considerations
which should be impressed upon all? Our insti-
tutions rest not upon parchment securities, but
upon the broad basis of public affection. Who
shall measure the crime of him that disturbs the
waters of that stream which to us are the very
waters of life—of him who troubles the stream
at its fountain that he may defile it through the
whole length of its course,until we turn loathing
away fronp its waters, although our thirst may
be almost unto death itself? Sir, the laws and
the Constitution and the ordinances of our coun-
try. to have efficient force and life and being,
must be engraved upon the hearts of the people.
Once erase or obliterate that inscription, and it
will not be long before the lawgiver himself, in
some fit of exasperation, will shiver into frag-
ments the tablets upon which they are written,
as mere unspeaking stone.
In view or all these circumstances, does it not
behoove us to do something to appease this strife,
to settle these difficulties, to allay this bitterness?
Who could have the heart, at such a moment aa
this, to engage in the work of crimination and
recrimination amongst the States of the Confeder-
acy ? We all belong to the same family, and the
character of the whole family is disparaged if we
injure the reputation of one of its members. What
pleasure or what profit should I derive by in-
juring the reputation of Massachusetts ? by dim-
ming the luster of her revolutionary glory ? by
taking a leaf from that chaplet of immortal dowers
with which she is crowned ? Sir, so far as I am
concerned,- instead of taking one stone from the
Bunker Hill monument, I would add another to
it. Let it tower to the skies, bearing upwards
from earth to heaven whatever message of love
- and admiration may be transmitted from the liv-
ing to the dead. Let it stand through the flight
of ages; and carry down the story of those men
and their deeds to the last syllable of recorded
time. I will raise no sacrilegious hand against a
single stone on thataltar; and if there beany who
has a heart for such a deed, he can find no sym-
pathy from me.
Who can have the disposition to disparage the
reputation and the military glory of any of the
• Old Thirteen ? If there be any man who can have
a heart for such a work, he can have but little
feeling in common with me. I will not aid in such
a work. What materials are these that we are
collecting for history? What weapons are we
placing in thehands of those who wish us ill, and
who delight in every opportunity to disparage
ourselves and our institutions ?
Mr. President, it has been said by wise and
good men, " give us peace abroad." I sympa-
thize with them in that wish; but it may not
Always be in our power to secure that peace. It
may require the will of another as well as of our-
selves; but I say, give us what we can secure if
we choose—give us peace at home. We want its
opportunities to work out our destiny, and to
crown with the glory of success the most wonderful
experiment inhuman happiness that has ever been
attempted in the history of man. We must have
peace at home if we would wish to inspire either
fear or respect abroad. Is there nothing in the
condition of things around us—is there nothing in
the condition of things abroad, to induce us to do
something to compose these differences, to allay
this excitement, to settle these feuds ? Can any
man reconcile it to his conscience to feed high the i
hot fires of sectional strife on such an occasion as i
this ? Are the doors of our Chamber, are the j
doors of the Congress of the United States, like
those of the temple of Janus, to be opened only j
for war, for civil war, for domestic strife ? or may
we not rather close them upon such scenes, or
else open them to send forth once more the mes-
sage of peace and good will, and to proclaim j
throughout the land a vow to devote ourselves to ]
the common good of a common country, and to
bury, a§ far as we can, the recollection of these
unhappy disputes ?
Mr. President, I do believe that the time has
arrived when we should look at the state of
circumstances around us, coolly and dispassion-
ately, and when every man should come to the
settlement of these differences with the will to
sacrifice much of feeling, anything of the pride of
opinion, everything that he can, consistently with
duty and conscience, to settle and auiet them.
Senators, I say to you that you hold in your
hands the issues of life and death to this mighty
Republic, to this great Union. On your souls, I
charge you to take heed how y«u deal with them.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I wish to.ask
the indulgence of the Senate to hear me upon the
questions now pending before it. I shall consult
entirely the convenience of the Senate as to the
time at which I shall be heard. I am quite will-
ing to proceed now, unless by doing so I shall'
interfere with some purpose which some Senator
may wish to accomplish at the present time.
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator is
going to speak on the subject of the Massachu-
setts resolutions, I think it would be desirable
that he should speak now-. If, however, he in-
tends to speak on the offcer branch of the ques-
tion—the Kansas case—I suggest to him that
perhaps it would be more pleasant and conve-
nient to him and to us all to allow him to have the
floor to-morrow morning, and in the mean time,
with his consent, I desire to make some remarks
in reply to the honorable Senator from Virginia,
on the subject of the Massachusetts resolutions.
Mr. FOSTER. My purpose is to speak more
directly on what is called the Kansas question,
rather than on the resolutions from Massachu-
setts, to which the Senator from New York has
alluded. I will cheerfully give way to him, with
the understanding which he has suggested.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the speech
of the honorable and distinguished Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Hunter] has filled my mind with
profound surprise, and my heart with deep re-
gret—surprise reaching to amazement, and regret
deepening into sorrow. Sir, when the transac-
tion which has been the subject of so much com-
ment occurred here, every one knew that the
sufferer in that scene of violence was my cher-
ished personal friend and political associate.
Every one knew that he had fallen senseless, and,
for all that was at first known, lifeless, on the
floor of the Senate of the United States, for utter-
ances, which, whether discreet or indiscreet,
whether personally injurious or harmless, were
utterances made in the cause of truth, humanity,
and justice—a cause in which he was a distin-
guished fellow-laborer with myself.
And yet, sir, when I saw that so sad, so pain-
ful an incident had occurred in the Senate of the
United States, affecting the safety of a represent-
ative of a sovereign State, and touching the dig-
nity, and honor, and independence of the Senate,
I disciplined my feelings, my very heart itself,
into submission to the dictates of my soberest I
judgment. Desirous, above all thing?, that the 11
character and honor of the Senate, so essential a
part of the Government of the United States,
should take no detriment in a transaction so ex-
citing and fearful, that any interposition of my
own, marked, as I feared it might be, by sym-
pathy with the cause in which the Senator nad
fallen, or personal sympathy with himself, I re-
quested and advised all of the personal friends of
tnat Senator, and also the partisans belonging to
the same public association with him and myself,
to be absolutely silent, excepting that the words
should be uttered by the colleague [Mr. Wilson]
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] which, in the simplest form,
without reproach, without passion, without even
a manifestation of excitement, should make known
to the Senate the absence of the distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts, who had suffered
violence, and the cause of his absence, together
with the manner of its occurrence.
That duty was faithfully performed by the Sen-
ator, [Mr. Wilson,] in the spirit enjoined upon
him. Not one word of complaint has ever arisen,
here or elsewhere, against the chaste, dignified,
temperate, senatorial language in which the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson}
announced what was regarded by some of us as
a national calamity, and one which, if not treated
by the Senate as it deserved, would become a
public danger and a national disgrace. Not one
word of complaint was uttered by any member
of this House who stood in political or personal
affinity to the party who had been aggrieved.
We waited upon the majority of this House—
that political majority which numbers in its ranks
more than two thirds—I think more than three
fourths—of all the members of thte body. We
waited.until that majority which entertains opin-
ions different from our own on the exciting sub-
ject of slavery, that had been a primary incident
leading to this unhappy transaction, should make
known whether its sensibilities had been excited
in behalf of a fellow-member, distinguished by
his talents and accomplishments, or its just sense
of its own dignity had been disturbed. If such
manifestation had been made on the part of that
majority, no appeal would have been made on the
part of the minority. No such manifestation was
made by the majority; but, on the other hand,
that majority sat silent and unmoved after the
Senator from Massachusetts had closed his touch-
ing remarks, until the question was manifestly
about to pass from the consideration of the Sen-
ate, and the order of the day was announced by
the Chair; then, and not before, at the instance
of my associates here, deeply interested in pre-
serving the lives and safety of members, deeply
interested in preserving the freedom of debate,
deeply interested in maintaining and vindicating
the Constitution of the country, but not a whit
more deeply interested in all these things than
the members of the majority of this House, I
submitted, in their behalf, a simple, inoffensive,
and harmless resolution of inquiry into the facts
which had been presented, without one word of
censure or of reproach. I submitted the resolu-
tion without one word of defense or explanation.
Sir, it was for me a proud day—it was a day to
be marked with a white stone, when I saw the
Senate of the United States unanimously adopt
my resolution—that minority which might well
have been expected to feel deeply the wound that
had been inflicted on a brother, unite and com-
bining in its support with that majority, which
might possibly (though it had not yet entered
into our hearts to conceive it) sympathize with
the assailant of the member from Massachusetts.
The majority and minority united harmoniously,
without one word of debate, in passing that res-
olution, and thereby committed the subject to the
hands of members of the Senate, of mature age,
of ripened character, of distinguished talents,
and members, moreover, distinguished for the
practice of the courtesies and the observances of
the dignity that belonged to senatorial life—mem-
bers whose honor and well-earned reputations,
as well as their known dispositions, were a guar-
antee that they would consider and report upon
the subject with caution, with moderation, with
firmness, with dignity—in short, with all the
virtues that are necessary to a great legislative
inquisition concerning a great public transaction.
