662
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Resolutions of Massachusetts, t?c.—Mr. Seward,.
[Jtme 24,
Senate.
I take this occasion to say that I felt no sensi-
bility on the ground that, although I had been
the mover of the resolution, I was not allowed a
place upon the committee to whom the trust.was
assigned, for I appreciated the reason of that de-
nial. It was determined by the Senate to have
an inquisition that should be unbiased and im-
partial; and I did not blame Senators for doubt-
ing whether, in such a case, I could be unbiased
and impartial.
That committee reported. Although their re-
port has been severely criticised and canvassed
throughout all the free States of this Union, as a
report tame, lame, halting, unworthy of the pride,
the dignity, and the independence of the Senate,
all Senators will take notice that I have uttered
no such complaint here or elsewhere; and that I,
and all other members belonging to the minority
of the Senate, have been content and satisfied
with it.
Sir, 1 liked the report because its positions were
sound and just, in my judgment. Its peculiar
moderation, so well adapted to provoke reflection
in parts of the country where the public feeling
was deeply irritated and wounded, was what
commended it to me, while I knew it was charac-
teristic of the distinguished Senator at the head
of the committee, [Mr. Pearce,] to whom, I
presume, it may be attributed. I considered it
worthy of the Senate of the United States itself.
There was yet another occurrence of which, in
behalf of the Senate, I was proud. That report,
so temperate, but yet so truly and firmly vindi-
cating the dignity of the Senate, without betray-
ing any passion, and without uttering even the
language of complaint, declared that a breach
of the privileges of the Senate had been com-
mitted ) and committed by a member of the House
of Representatives, not amenable to our authority,
and therefore quietly, cautiously, "Without re-
proach against him, referred the offense and the
offender to trial by the House of Representatives,
to which he belonged, Without indicating or sug-
gesting what punishment was desired or would
be satisfactory to the Senate of the United States.
That report received the approbation of the Sen-
ate of the United States unanimously, with the
exception of one vote. It was not less deferen-
tial to the House of Representatives than it was
dignified on the part of the Senate.
Sir, I could have wished—I do in God's name
wish now—that this had been the last mention
of this transaction in the Senate of the United
States. No more was needed—no more was
aiked. The dignity and honor of the Senate of
die UnitedS{ates, and the freedom of debate, were
vindicated to the ntihost extent of the power of
the Senate. When the heated passions of this
hour shall have cooled, the record will stand
imperishable forever. It will make it known for-
ever, that, in the year of our Lord 1856, in the
eightieth year of the Republic, in a great crisis
of the greatest discussion of the greatest domestic
question which has ever embarrassed the Con-
gress and people of the United States, the dignity-
of the senatorial character, the immunity of the
senatorial person, the saiictity of freedom Of
debate, were all vindicated by a majority consti-
tuting fourfifths of the bod^-, although the offense
against these sacred institutions had been com-
mitted by a party who might possibly have been
expected to enjoy their sympathy, and appeal to
them to screen him from censure and punishment.
But, sir, that ple&sing scene is changed too soon,
and all unexpectedly the most distinguished mem-
ber of that tnajcfnty in thiB House, the most em-
inent of that political association which consti-
tutes the majority here, comes forward, and
(manifestly, not without sympathy and support
and cooperation, from others around him,) pro-
nounces virtually, that the unanimous judgment
of the Senate was erroneous, deprecates it as
dangerous to the public welfare, and: appeals in
no moderated language to the Senate of the United
Stales to reverse its conclusions, and to abrogate
the judgment which it has so solemnly pro-
nounced.
Now, sir, I am not going to speak one word
of passion. I never do; at least 1 mean never to
do so. If truth cannot be vindicated—if freedom
cannot be maintained here without the employ-
ment of passion and anger in their defense,
I then they must perish, for aught that 1 can do to
| save them. I snail address myself now, as I
I always mean to do, to the judgment and con-
i sciences of the Senate and of mankind.
I ask, then, these honorable Senators, sixty in
number, whose trust and character have not been
exaggerated even in the ornate language of the
1 eloquent orator from Virginia, to consider what
is proposed; I wait to hear whether the sixty
Senators, in whose presence I stand, are going to
give their votes to erase the record which stamps
the assault committed on Charles Sumner, of
Massachusetts, as a breach of the privileges of
the Senate, and refers it to the House of Repre-
sentatives for its action against the offender. Sir,
I have been seven years in the Senate of the
United States; and though I have some reasons
to remember passages which have not been per-
sonally agreeable ttf myeelf I have every reason
to know that, so faras it belongs to human nature
to rise in political assemblies above passion, above
injustice, above wrong, above violence, and dis-
honor, the Senate of the United States possesses
that moral dignity.
I see now the honorable Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] who submitted to me, when he
came here at the beginning of this session, in
confidence, the questioned credentials which were
the basis of his title to a seat in the Senate of the
United States, and asked my judgment thereon.
I do not see in his place the honorable Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] who presented his
credentials to me under the same circumstances.
I examined both; and those Senators will remem-
ber that, in the privacy of my own chamber,
where there was none to overhear, I told them
that the report which would be made in their
case (although they were chosen by those whose
opinions were thcfee of the minority in the Sen-
ate) by that honorable and distinguished Sen-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] who is
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, would be
just and true in the sight of God and before men;
and that, even if it were possible for the commit-
tee, to be corrupted, they yet need have no fear,
for the Senate or the United States was incorrupt.
Sir, I know the Senate of the United States
well, and therefore I know and feel assured that
this resolution will not be rescinded.
It was my purpose, when I arose, to reply
somewhat in detail to the honorable and distin-
guished Senator from ^jrginia, and to comment
on the extraordinary positions, as they seem to
me, which he has assumed; but if I permit my-
self to do so, I feel that I am in danger of impair-
ing the position which the friends of freedom and
the advocates of freedom of debate in this House
justly hold here, in this debate. The honorable
Senator from Virginia would have this advantage
over me: he has spoken in behalf of Virginia, m
answer, as he claims, to assaults made in debate
on her by the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. SuapiER;] so that he stands here jus-
tifying his State, ana justifying the States which
are associated with her, in some of her institu-
tions. On the other hand, if 1 were to attempt to
follow him, I, who have not at all been commit-
ted in any debates of this kind, now or heretofore,
might become responsible in my turn for the
continuance of discussions which have become
personal, which have become partisan, and which
have become offensive to States, when, according
to my own admission, all the debates here ought
to be free from every error of that kind.
I will pass by, therefore, what the honorable
Senator from Virginia has said in vindication of
the State of Virginia, as I will also pass by what
he has said by way of rejoinder to remarks
made by Senators in defense of the character of
the State of Massachusetts. As for me, I belong
to neither of those States; and though I love and
cherish the traditional fame, and honor any
achievements of the one, I have equal love, equal
affection, and equal respect, for the other, as I
have towards all the Statesrof this Union.
The honorable Senator states, as a ground for
making his speech, his regret that Massachusetts
shoulo have noticed at all the attack committed
by a member of the House of Representatives
on her Senator, [Mr. Sumner.] Sir, the Senate
of the United States has already pronounced its
judgment against the honorable Senator on this
point, and decided unanimously, with the excep-
tion of one vote, that the transaction constituted
?T b.re ch of the privileges of the Senate of the
United States, and of the personal privileges of
the member who was assaulted. I rest upon the
judgment of the Senate. The House of Repre-
sentatives, upon a hypothetical statement of the
case, have also virtually pronounced their judg-
ment. The committee of that House, raised by
them to inquire into the facts, have presented the
transaction as a breach of the privileges of the
Senate, committed by a member of that other
House. Then not only the Senate, but the House
of Representatives of the United States also, are
against the honorable Senator from Virginia.
That, for the present, is enough. It is a breach
of privilege against the rights of a Senator. What
else remains to excite the surprise of the honor-
able Senator in the fact that Massachusetts, the
constituent of that Senator, [Mr. Somner,] whose
cause he was defending, in whose name he spoke,
and of whom he was a representative and organ,
has cemplained? Had she not a right to com-
plain of an admitted breach of. privilege ? It be-
came her to do so. She had ceased to be Mas-
sachusetts if she bad failed to complain. Ay,
and if the same transaction could be imagined to
have occurred, in regard to a Senator from Vir-
ginia or South Carolina, the State—the offended
State in that case—would have ceased to be tra-
ditional Virginia, or traditional South Carolina,
if she had not presented the matter to the notice
of the Congress of the United States.
The Senator next expresses his regret, if I un-
derstood him aright, that Massachusetts should,
for political objects, (he can correct me if I am
mistaken,) have converted, in this case, what was
a personal transaction, into one of a public char-
acter.
Mr. HUNTER. I said nothing about her
objects. I said that I regretted that she had
pursued a course that was calculated to convert
a private into a public quarrel.
Mr. SEWARD. I thank the honorable Sen-
ator for the correction. Sir, it is not the fault of
Massachusetts that this transaction, which w&&
in one aspect a personal one, became also, as we
learn, a deeply moving and agitating political
one. It was not Massachusetts that made it so.
It. was the circumstances of the transaction itself;
the nature of it, the place, the occasion, the ante-
cedents, and a foresight of the consequences
which were following from it, that made it a pub-
lic transaction-
Sir, at this same session of the Congress of the
United States, an editor of a newspaper had been
assailed and beaten down, without sufficient pre-
liminary notice to prepare for defense, in one of
the avenues leading to the Capitol. His offense
was what were assumed to be disrespectful words
written concerning a member of the House of
Representatives, in regard to his public conduct;
atjd that act of violence passed with impunity.
Then, although there,had been no lack of indul-
fence in personal debate in the Senate and
louse of Representatives on all sides of all
questions, yet the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts fell under the blows of a political oppo-
nent, a member of the House of Representatives,
and that member was justified or excused by a
portion of the community interested in the cause
of the assailant, on the ground that the injury
which had been committed.was.a proper and just
chastisement of an offense which the Senator
from Massachusetts had committed by words
spoken in debate against.a member of this body,
and against one of the States of this Union.
When the community were excited, divided and
heated, persons in the slaveholding States,
through the press and otherwise, and, as I am in-
formed, in public meetings, approved, justified, <
and encouraged the act, and bade the assailant
go on in this work of reform, as they called it,
and encouraged the brave and chivalrous sons of
the South to persevere in this mode of accom-
plishing, by violence.and bloodshed, what as,
yet had not been done by debate—the extin-
guishment of the opposition to the extension of
slavery intp Kansas.
For these things Massachusetts is not respons-,,
ible; for these things.no man here is responsible;
and yet Senators, rising here and denouncing
