ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
Mr. CLAY, who said: Mr. President, my hon-
orable friend has spoken, as is well known to the
Senate, undercircumstances calculated to produce
excitement, and I perceive that he is somewhat
fatigued. I think it is due to him, as an act of
courtesy, that the Senate should adjourn. He
has not concluded what he has to say, but I trust
the Senate will indulge him, and with that view
1 move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. YULEE. I ask the Senator to withdraw-
that motion, and substitute for it a motion to go
into executive session.
Mr. CLAY. 1 have no objection to that.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Oil motion of Mr. YULEE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thorsdav, June 12,1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
CORRECTION OF SATURDAY'S JOURNAL.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] to lay upon the table
the motion of Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, to amend
the Journal of Saturday by striking out the notice
of a bill, filed by Mr. Edwards, of New York;
upon which question tellers had been ordered.
Mr. PURYEAR. As there is evidently no
quorum present, any attempt to do business will
be followed by the same result as yesterday; and
therefore I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish the fact
to be entered upon the Journal that there is no
quorum present, as that is the reason the gentle-
man assigns for his motion to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope the
House will not adjourn, as there is a quorum of
members in the city, and I believe there wjII be
a quorum here soon.
Mr. FAULKNER. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 21, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Btubonr, Carlilc, Ciai«f\ Henry Winter
duvir, Elliott, Faulkner, Foster, Augustus Hall, .1. Morrison
Harris, Herbert, Kennett, Lake, IMiolps, 1'uryear, ltemte,
ItobiMiu, Ituflin, Stephens, Walker, Ellihu B. Wa&hburne,
and W.Mson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Hall, Barclay, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Hliss, Hocock, Biari-havv, Blanch, limtiou, Bioom,
Builmyamc, Jaiues II. <'ampbell, John P. Campbell,
Cnrmhers, Cluipirmn, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Comins Cox, Crogm, Ciavvfotd, Cumbuek, Dav, Dean,
Denver, Dickson, Doriri, Dowdell, Dunn, lidie, Edwauh,
Emrie, lOthendge, Evans, Thomas J. 1). Fuller, ihulan,
Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hickman, Hoflnian,
Holloway, Thomas It. Morton, Hughston, Jowett, George
W. Jou'e*, Knapp, Knight, Knox, Letter, MeMullih,
Muacham, Millson, Millvvard, Moore, Nichols, Norton,
Quitman, Heady, Richardson, Ritchie, Sabm, Satulidge,
Snpp, Scott, Simmons, William Smith, Stanton, Talbott,
Thorin^ton, Thurston, Todd, Trnfton, Vail, Wade, Wal-
briflf,'e, Warner, Cadvvalader C. VVashbnrne, Israel Wash-
burn, Watkins, Whitney, Wmslow, Woodworth, John V.
Wright, and Zolhcoft'er—85.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. PHELPS. As it appears, from the vote
just taken, that there is no quorum present, I
more that there be a call of the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly (at twelve o'clock and twenty-five
minutes) adjourned until to-moriovv at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 13, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Henry C. Dean. The Journal
of yesterday was read.
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
Mr. STUART. I notice, on the reading of the
Journal this morning, that it states that the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] was yesterday
excused from service on the Committee on Com-
merce. That was not the motion he made, nor
was it his intention, as I have cause to know,
being a member of that committee. The motion
which he submitted was that he be excused from
serving as chairman of the committee. He does
not design to leave the committee; and that is the
way the Chair will recollect the answer wasgiven
to the Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,]
who inquired what the precise motion was? 1
hope the JouraoTwill be corrected; and inasmuch
as there may be some question on the subject I
submit a motion, with the consent of the Senate,
that a chairman of the committee be appointed
by the Presiding Officer of the Senate. Ordina-
rily the next member in order would be chairman,
and I hope that will be the result of my motion;
but I do not think, on looking at the rules, that
that result will follow from the rule, and there-
fore it is that I make the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The change
aosed by the Senator from Michigan will be
3 in the Journal,unless objected to.
There was no objection; and the Journal, as
corrected, was approved.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
the unanimous consent of the Senate to dispense
with the rule requiring the chairman to be elected
by the Senate.
Mr. STUART. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hope it will be
understood that this is not intended to establish
a parliamentary rule on the subject. The Senate
may make any order, in a special case, which it
thinks proper; but, undoubtedly, when a chair-
man, elected by the Senate, resigns, or is excused
from further service, the committee have a right
to elect their own chairman. If this election of a
chairman by the Senate did not take place, the
committee, by regular parliamentary law, would
have a right to choose their own chairman. I do
not know how it would operate in this case. I
only say, 1 think that it is a sound practice to
allow a committee to elect its chairman, unless
one is specially appointed by the President. I
suppose, in this case, it might be proposed to go
into an election for a chairman of the committee,
in place of the Senator from Maine, under the
rules and proceedings of the Senate; otherwise I
should think, if no election were to take place,
and the Senator from Maine is still a member of
the committee, they will be at liberty to elect
their own chairman.
Mr. STUART. This whole question is a
matter of form. So far as I understand, the Com-
mittee on Commerce are all agreed that the Sen-
atorfrom "Wisconsin [Mr. Dodge] shall be chair-
man.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I meant merely to
protest against the establishment of a law.
Mr. STUART. That is all very well.
The PRESIDENT. No doubt the rule re-
quires a chairman of a standing committee to be
elected, but, by unanimous consent, the Senate
can dispense with the rule, and authorize the
Chair to appoint. If there be no objection, that
order will be made.
There being no objection, the President pro
tempore was authorized to appoint a chairman
to the Committee on Commerce; and Mr. Dodge
was appointed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented several peti-
tions of inventors, residing in different States of
the Union, praying that the Patent Office may
be separated from the Department of the Interior,
and established as a separate department of the
Government; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
He also presented a petition of citizens of the
United States, praying that the salary of the
Commissioner of Patents may be increased to
$6,000 per annum; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
citizens of Portland, Maine, praying that the
domestic and foreign postal system of the United
Suites may be remodeled; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Portland, and a petition of citizens of Bath, in
the State of Maine, praying that the duties on all
raw materials, imported into the United States,
maybe abolished; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He alsopresented a memorial of the Portland
Board of Trade, praying that copies of all public,
documents, and other works printed by order of
Congress, may be furnished for the use of that
board, and such other incorporated boards of
trade and chambers of commerce as may apply
for the same; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
Also, a petition of citizens of Harpswell and
Brunswick, in Maine, praying that those ports
may not be attached to the collection district of
Bath, but remain part of the district of Portland,
and be made ports of delivery; which was ordered
to lie on the table, as the subject has already
been reported upon.
Mr. MALLORY. presented the petition of
Eliza B. McNicl, widow of Frederick B. McNeil,
an officer in the revenue cutter service, who
died of disease contracted in the discharge of Ins
duty, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WELLER presented resolutions adopted
at a public meeting held at Yrleta, in El Paso
county, Texas, in favor of the establishment of
a mail route from San Antonio, in Texas, to San
Diego, in California; which were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
"WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Santiago E. Arguello, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
AMERICAN STATE PAPERS.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent and
agreed to:
Raolvcdy That the Committee on the Library be in-
fltiiietod to inqitne into the oxpedioticy of eontiaetmg with
the publishers of the American State Papers for a contin
uation ot that work to the piesent Congress.
HEIRS OF COLONEL CHARLES SIMMS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to callup'House bill (No.
207) for the relief of the heirs of Colonel Charles
Simms, late collector of the port of Alexandria;
which was reported from the Committee on
Claims by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Bkodiiead,] who can, doubtless, explain it. It
is a matter of very little importance. It proposes
to release the heirs from the payment of a few
hundred dollars.
Mr. BRODHEAD. i have no objection to
the passage of this bill, but to-day was assigned
for the consideration of the Private Calendar, and
I presume that bill can be reached in its order.
It js a House bill which I reported back from the
Committee on Claims, and I think it ought to pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose it will
not take five minutes to pass it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 have no objection.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded as in Committee of the Whole to consider
the bill; which proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Treasury to audit and settle the account
of the late Colonel Charles Simms, collector of
the port of Alexandria, without any charge of
interest on any indebtedness due from him to the
Government at the time of his death. When the
principal of his indebtedness shall be paid, Mr.
Simms's estate, and his heirs and representatives,
are to be forever discharged from any liability on
account of any interest that may have accrued
thereon.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
PRIVATE BILL DAY.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This is the day assigned
for the consideration of private bills; and I there-
fore hope that the Private Calendar may be taken
up in its order.
Mr. STUART. I shall have no objection, if
that motion shall terminate in its effect at one
o'clock. I suppose it is known that the Senator
from South Carolina expects to go on with his
remarks to-day, and he should have an oppor-
tunity to do so.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 only make the motion
in consequence of the absence of the Senator from
South Carolina. If he comes into the Senate,
