072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17.
disclaims is one which must have gone out to the
Senate and country as beingacharge made by him
against the Committee on Commerce-—namely, a
desire improperly to defeat an appropriation which
in his estimation they had no right to defeat, be-
cause it had already been made by Congress. I
only answer to that, as I said before, if the appro-
priation of the last session be ineffectual on account
of the language of the statute, and the intention
now is to make that appropriation effectual, the
gentleman from Georgia is, in my humble esti-
mation—I know he does not consider it so—
occupying a position which is entirely inconsist-
ent with principle and self-contradictory. He
gays that the people of Savannah, the people of
Georgia, and he himself do not want any general
appropriation for the Savannah river; but he
wants an appropriation for the Savannah river
to remove the obstacles to navigation created by
the sinking of these hulks during the revolution-
ary war.
The act which was signed by the President of
the United States, was signed on the express
ground that he was informed by Congress that
these obstacles were placed there by the act of our
own Government for the common defense. Oil
that ground, and that alone, he signed the act.
There has been a mistake in the statement of fact,
and the gentleman complains of the Committee
on Commerce for informing the Senate of this
mistake, and for informing the President of the
mistake, in order that the State of Georgia may
be put in relation to the Savannah river just as
the western States arc put in relation to then-
rivers—just where the Slate which I represent is
put in relation to the river Mississippi.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him to point out to me whore, in the lan-
guage of the bill reported by the Committee on
Commerce, this mistake is stated?
Mr. BENJAMIN. So far from desiring to
hinder the gentleman's appropriation, the Com-
mittee on Commerce confine themselves to repre-
senting such language as should not contain the
false statement of the last session. Now, the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia does not
in express terms repeat the falsehood of the last
session, but very strongly insinuates that the
statement contained in the last act was a true
statement, because the last act says this appro-
priation was to be made for the purpose of re-
moving obstructions placed in the Savannah river
by our own Government, " for the common de-
fense;*' and the gentleman proposes his amend-
ment to the act which contains that statement in
language which he lias read, and which lefers to
the words of that act, and in a measure adopts
them as true. All that the Committee on Com-
merce have done has boon to use such form of
language as shall not again give our sanction to
a false statement. I understand the amendment
of the gentleman from Georgia, if now passed,
(being passed with reference to the act ol the last
session of Congress, and asan amendment of I hat
act,) will be in point of fact a repetition by the
Senate of a false statement of history, and conse-
quently again calculated to deceive the President.
The proposition of the gentleman from Georgia
is to extend the appropriation to tho removal of
all obstructions arising from the sinking of ves-
sels, whether during the revolutionary war or- 
Mr. IVERSON. It is not to extend, but to
confine, the application to that particular object.
t Mr. BENJAMIN. " Confine it to that par-
ticular act!" But by reference to the act passed
at the last session of Congress, we put before the
Executive a statement by inference that we die
still of the same opinion as we were at tho last
session—that these obstructions were placed there
by our own Government—when we have since
discovered they were not so placed. The lan-
guage of the bill of the Committee on Commerce
is simply framed in such a manner as to avoid the
repetition of the false statement—to avoid any-
thing which could be interpreted into an assertion
by them a second time of a fact which they have
now ascertained to be erroneous. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia, in my esti-
mation, gives the sanction of the Senate to this
false statement, and for that reason I object to
it.
I say again, I would object to the State of
Georgia receiving an appropriation (and I say it
with all the terrors of the reproach, of the "dog-
in-the-manger policy" before my eyes) for its
rivers, when the State of Louisiana is deprived
of a similar appropriation, unless I could see
some other ground for it than a mere mistake in
a statement of a historical fact.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I know very
well that we are all subject in the heat of debate
sometimes to use expressions which are wrong,
and even obnoxious, without designing to cast an
imputation cither on a committee or on an indi-
vidual; and I am willing to go as far as any
Senator in pardoning an expression of such a
character which may fall from any Senator. I
confess, I listened with much pain to the declara-
tions, the repeated declarations, of the Senator
from Georgia; but still believing, as I then did,
and as I now do, that they were expressions used
under excitement and without designing really to
convey a wrong impression, either against the
committee or individuals, either of the Senate or
of that committee, I have no remarks to make in
relation to them. I would have commented, if
the Senator fiom Michigan had not done so, on
some of the expressions which fell from the
Senator from Georgia.
There are only one or two matters in this
question remaining, to which I ask the attention
of the Senate and the attention of the Senator
from Georgia. First, the amendment proposes to
qualify the appropriation by limiting it to the
removal of obstructions which have been occa-
sioned by the sinking of certain wrecks in the
Savannah river. Now, let me ask the Senator,
(and I ask for an answer because I find nothing
in the report of the engineer wluch satisfies me
upon the point, and I presume the Senator can
give me the desired information,) are there any
obstructions in that river, or claimed to be in that
river, below the city of Savannah, which are not
alleged to have arisen in consequence of the sink-
ing of these wrecks?
Mr. IVERSON. I am not sufficiently familiar
with the Savannah river below the city of Sa-
vannah to answer that question. I do not know,
but I piesume there are many obstructions there
not caused by these hulks. I have no doubt there
are many obstructions put there by nature and by
adventitious, causes altogether outside this par-
ticular clause; but the object, as I understand it,
! of Captain Gilmer, is not to remove all obstruc-
tions in the Savannah river produced from any
cause, but simply to apply the money already
appropriated to remove the obstructions which
were caused by these particular specific hulks or
wrecks which have been sunk. That is all we
desire; that is all we ask for.
If the Senator from Maine will allow me to
proceed for a few minutes longer, I think L can
make to the Senate, if not to the distinguished
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] a sat-
isfactory statement—at least it is so to my own
mind—why I can vote for this appropriation if
my amendment be adopted, when I would not
have voted for the appropriation originally. Sir,
the question is settled as to the appropriation.
! $1G1,00U was appropriated to remove these ol -
: structions; and the question is, tho money having
j been already appiopriated by Congress, whether
we shall have a lull to carry out the object. I
think I may with propriety vote for a bill to
accomplish the object which Congress had in
view, although I would not have voted for the
original proposition. All we want, all we ask
for is, that as the money has been appropriated
it shall be applied according to the intention of
Congress. 1 think there is nothing inconsistent
in that; certainly nothing unconstitutional. I will
take occasion here to say, that if my amendment
| shall not prevail I cannot vote for the original
, bill of the committee, because that is a general
| appropriation of money to clear out the Savannah
! river, without reference to the particular causes
. which produced the obstructions.
' Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Georgia
! tells the Senate that he is not aware of what are
| the obstructions of the Savannah river below the
j city of Savannah; but that there may be, and
! probably are, other obstructions in consequence
I of those caused by sinking vessels m the river.
| I desire to say, however, that, from reading the
{ report which has been made to the Senate, I do
j not see there are any obstructions below the city
j of Savannah for the removal of which the people
I of Georgia have asked, or for which the engineer
has made any report or estimate. All the reports
which have keen made by the engineer depart-
ment relate solely to obstructions arising from
the wrecks, or those which have been in conse-
quence of the wrecks there placed. If such be
the fact, I do not understand that there is any
necessity for limiting the appropriation as the
amendment proposes to do; because, taking the
report of the engineer, taking all reports and
recommendations which have been made m regard
to the Savannah river; taking the law which was
passed for improving the river below the city, the
bill now before us is itself a bill to appropriate
money for that point and none other. It will not be
appropriated forotherplaces or for other purposes.
But I desire to state another thing. The Senator
from Georgia has treated this as an appropriation
solely for Georgia; and in that view, representing
the State of Georgia, and in order to control his
own vote, that may be correct, at least if he were
favorable to the original appropriation.
Mr. IVERSON. I beg the Senator to allow
me to interrupt him for a moment. lie certainly
heard me say that I voted against this identical
proposition, although for the benefit of my own
State, when I was a member of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. HAMLIN. I so understand.
Mr. IVERSON. The benefit of the State of
Georgia has no influence on me. I would voto
against an appropriation for the State of Georgia
as soon as I would against one for Maine, or for
any other State in this Union.
Mr. HAMLIN. Still the Senator said in his
remarks that Georgia docs not ask this to be done.
He says, let " us" apply the money, referring to
Georgia. He spoke of the people of Georgia as
having submitted the bill. He repeated over and
over again language which led me to suppose
that he regarded it as a bill solely for the benefit
of Georgia. He certainly so treated it to a very
great extent, without saying that he would vote
for it because it was a bill sought for by Georgia,
asked for by Georgia, and designed to benefit the
navigation of one of the rivers of Georgia.
Now, sir, the coursc of the Committee on Com-
merce was, to examine every case by itself; and
in every case where the Department had made an
estimate, and where the committee believed that
the measure came within a rule which they laid
down of facilitating commerce, they would, and
they did, report a bill. This was one of that class
of cases, not because the Savannah river flows
through Georgia. Is Georgia alone benefited >
The Senator knows, and I think he stated—if he
did not, certainly the Senator from South Carolina
did—that other States were as much, and indeed
more, interested in the improvement of this river
than Georgia; for, while she may furnish the
commerce, other States furnish the tonnage with
which to carry on that commerce. It, therefore,
was the rule of the Committee on Commerce—a
uniform and general rule, applying to every State
and to every locality—to inquire, first, whether an
improvement came within that \iew which the
committee had taken, as being a point where the
facility of commerce required an appropriation,
and estimates had been made. Savannah came
within both the rules which we had laid down,
i Then, when we had agreed to report a bill, what
I did we do > We found that an appropriation had
| been made at the last session on a misstatement
j of facts. I say this without imputing wrong in-
tentions to any person. From an investigation of
the matter, we ascertained that a wrong statement
of facts was contained in the bill, and by which
the appropriation was made. That bill had failed
in its effect under the construction of the War
Department. It was, therefore, as if no bill had
been passed making an appropriation for this
j purpose.
j The present bill was reported and was designed
I by the committee (although it names the particu-
lar appropriation of last year) as an original bill,
making an original appropriation. Now, I ask
the Senator from Georgia to tell me, in this view
of the case, upon what ground could the com-
mittee discriminate in favor of the Savannah river,
when they would not discriminate in favbr of ano-
ther? Or, in other words, why should they depart
from that rule which applied to all other rivers
and all other appropriations which they recom-
mended? The appropriation had failed and was
as utterly useless as if no appropriation had ever
