1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1399
and desires to proceed with his speech, of course
courtesy will require that I should withdraw the
motion; but,until he does come, the private busi-
ness has precedence.
Mr. STUART. I shall have no objection to
that until the Senator from South Carolina comes
into the Chamber.
The PRESIDENT. The Senate will proceed,
then, to the consideration of the Private Cal-
endar, unless there be objection. The Chair
hears no objection. The first bill in the order of
business is one for the relief of Cyrus H. Mc-
Cormick, which was rejected by the Senate; but
there was a motion made to reconsider thatvote.
The question is on reconsidering the vote reject-
ing the bill.
Mr. STUART. There are three of those
patent cases; and as the Senator who made the
motion is not here, I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of those questions until next
Friday.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that when
the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This day was assigned
for the consideration'oi private bills. It is, how-
ever, to be taken up by the Senator from South
Carolina, very properly, in a continuation of his
speech commenced yesterday. I hope we shall
meet to-morrow for the purpose of considering
the Private Calendar.
Mr. ADAMS. On Monday last the Senate
were kind enough to assign to me to-morrow
for the purpose of addressing them on a bill
which I had the honor to introduce at the com-
mencement of the session. I named Saturday,
believing that I could getno other day. If, how-
ever, it is not the pleasure of the Senate to per-
mit that order to remain, I do not wish to inter-
fere with their views.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should not hes-
itate at all to withdraw the proposition which I
have made at the suggestion of my friend from
Mississippi; but it must be known to the Senate
that, in all human probability, we shall not be
able to transact any legislative business of im-
portance for a week or two. Then why not
allow the Senator to make his speech on Monday
or Tuesday next ?
Mr. ADAMS. It is known that I can have no
other opportunity. Other business will interfere
with me hereafter, as it has before.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. ¥c can give the
Senator%n opportunity.
Mr. SEWARD. I thinlc it was understood
the week before last, that the Senate would prob-
ably not transact any business in the absence of
members connected with the party whose con-
vention assembled at Cincinnati. It was also at
the same time understood that next week the
Senate would probably be expected to excuse the
attendance here of members who may attend upon
the convention which is to be held in Philadel-
phia. Still, those of us who do not attend these
conventions—and I believe the honorable Senator
from Mississippi and myselfareinthat category—
are obliged to come here at all events, though we
may happen to be in a minority. If we adjourn
to next Monday, we can hear the honorable Sen-
ator as well as we can by coming to-morrow.
With this explanation, I shall vote for the motion.
Mr. ADAMS. I have no choice as to time,
nor any very great desire to address the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; there being 011 a
division—ayes 22, noes 12.
Mr. STUART. I think, Mr. President, that
the courtesy which was extended to this side of
the House, last week, ought to be extended to
the opposite side, during the coming week. I
move, therefore, that when the Senate adjourns
on Monday next, it be to meet on the Thursday
following.
Mr. WELLER. I hope that will not be done.
There is a large number of bills that ought to be
disposed of next week. Four or five bills of my
own have been under discussion, and thus far I
have not been able to obtain a vote on any of them.
I desire to -have them acted upon. I hope that
the proposed adjournment will not take place,
but that we may proceed on Monday next to the
consideration of the public business. If it be
proper to extend this courtesy to Senators, it can
be agreed that no vote shall be taken till towards
the close of the week; but I hope, at all events,
we may proceed to the discussion of the important
questions awaiting decision, so that we may place
them in a proper condition for votingupon them.
Mr. STUART. The motion which I submit
will not interfere with the business on Monday,
it will only interfere with business on Tuesday
and Wednesday next. As I said before, I think
the courtesy which was extended to members on
this side of the House should be reciprocated. I
was not among the number who availed them-
selves of it; I did not choose to go away; but it
was a courtesy extended to my political friends,
and I think it is due to our political opponents.
I hope the motion which I have made will pre-
vail. We shall have a legislative day on Mon-
day, when, I trust, we may dispose of much of
the business to which the Senator from California
has alluded.
Mr. WELLER. We can dispose of this
question as well on Monday next as we can now.
If, when the Senate meets on Monday, it be
thought proper to adjourn over, we can then do
it. I do not know that any particular courtesy
was extended to members 011 this side of the
Chamber. We saw proper to leave our seats
and go off to the convention. The Senate was
left without a quorum. The other side were com-
pelled to extend that thing which the Senator
from Michigan calls courtesy. They could not
help themselves. There was no quorum here. If
the reason assigned be a good one, I do not know
why we should be in session now; for I believe
there is a Know Nothing convention sitting in
New York, and I presume there are some mem-
bers on the other side, who belong to that organ-
ization. Why do you not extend courtesy to
them ? I am unwilling to do it.
Mr. STUART. I am sorry that the honorable
Senator from California has forgotten the mode
in which the last adjournment was effected. On
Thursday it was moved by the honorable Sena-
tor from New York, [Mr. Fish,] that when the
Senate adjourned 011 that day it should be to
meet on the Monday following, and that when
it adjourned on Monday it should be to meet on
the next Thursday. That motion was made
beforehand for the purpose of enabling Senators
to know that the Senate would not be in session,
and that they might go away. That is the very
reason why I have made this motion now.
The motion was agreed to.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S.No. 172)
to authorize the people of the Territory of Kan-
sas to form a constitution and State government,
preparatory to their admission into the Union
when they have the requisite population.
Mr. BUTLER resumed and concluded the
speech which he commenced yesterday. It will
be found in the Appendix.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I feel con-
strained, by a sense of duty to my State, by per-
sonal relations to my colleague and friend, to tres-
pnss for a few moments upon the time and atten-
tion of the Senate.
You have listened, Mr. President—the Senate
has listened — these thronged seats and these
crowded galleries have listened to the extraordi-
nary speech of the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, which has now run through two days.
I must say, sir, that I have listened to that speech
with painful and sad emotions. A Senator of a
sovereign State, more than twenty days ago, was
stricken down senseless 011 the floor for words
spoken in debate. For more than three weeks
he has been confined to his room upon a bed of
weakness and of pam. The moral sentiment of
the country has been outraged, grossly outraged,
by this wanton assault, in the person of a Sen-
ator, on the freedom of debate. The intelligence
of this transaction has flown over the land, and
is now flying abroad over the civilized world;
and wherever Christianity has a foothold, or
civilization a resting place, that act will meet the
stern condemnation of mankind.
Intelligence comes to us, Mr. President, that a
civil war is raging beyond the Mississippi—intel-
ligence also comes to us that upon the shores of
the Pacific lynch-law is agam organized—and the
telegraph brings us news of assaults and murders
around the ballot-boxes of New Orleans, growing
out of differences of opinion and of interests.
Can we be surprised, sir, that these scenes, which
are disgracing the character of our country and
our age, are rife, when a venerable Senator—one
of the oldest members of the Senate, and chair-
man of its Judiciary Committee — occupies four
hours of the important time of the Senate in vin-
dication of, and apology for, an assault unparal-
leled in the history of the country ? If lawless
violence here, in this Chamber, upon the person
of a Senator, can find vindication—if this outrage
upon the freedom of debate finds apology from a
veteran Senator—why may not violent counsels
elsewhere go unrebuked ?
The Senator from South Carolina commenced
his discursive speech by an allusion to the present
condition of my colleague, which I cannot say
exhibited good taste. I know it personally to be
grossly unjust, because I know that for more than
twenty days — three weeks — Mr. Sumner has
been compelled to lie upon a bed of pain, from
the effccts of blows received by him here in the
Senate Chamber.
Mr. BUTLER. The Senator will allow me to
correct him. I was very delicate on that subject,
and ventured no opinion of my own; I only
alluded to the evidence of others.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator, I am aware,
referred to the evidence of a medical person, who
was accidentally employed in the early stages of
the case, but who has not seen Mr. Sumner lately.
I have in my hands the testimony of his present
medical adviser, a distinguished physician of this
city, who has been selected for his known talents
and character, and who understands his present
condition. The Secretary will please to read his
letter, which I now send to the desk.
The Secretary read as follows:
C Street, June 12,1856.
Dear Sir: In answer to your inquiries, I have to state
that I have been in attendance 011 the Hon. Charles Sum-
ner, as his physician, on account of the injuries received
by him in the Senate Chamber, from the 29th of May to the
present time—part of this tune in consultation with Dr.
Perry, of Boston, and Dr. Miller, of Washington.
I have visited him at least once everyday. During all
this time Mr. Sumner has been confined to his room, and
the §1 eater part of the day confined to his bed.
Neither at the present moment, nor at any time
since Mr. Suirmcr's case came under my ckargct has he been
in a condition to resume his duties in the senate.
My present advice to hun is to go into the country, where
he can enjoy fresh air ; and 1 think it will not be prudent
for him to enter upon iiis public duties tor some time to
come.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
H.LINDSLY.
Hon Henry Wii.son.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, this is the
testimony of Dr. Lindsly, known by members of
the Senate and others around me to be an em-
inent physician of Washington. I will say that
Mr. Sumner, and Mr. Sumner's friends, when
he was first assailed, underestimated altogether
the force of the assault. He is a man of great
physical power, in full vigor and maturity, and
m the glow of health. For a day or two after that
assault he believed, and his friends believed, that
he would soon throw off its effects; but time dis-
closed the extent and force of his injuries, while
he was doomed to hours of restless, sleepless
pain. Dr. Perry, of Boston, a gentleman of great
professional eminence, accidentally in Washing-
ton, expressed the strongest solicitude concerning
his case. To his skill and advice I believe my
colleague and his friends are under the deepest
obligations. His testimony before the committee
is the testimony of one who knows what he
affirms. But I pass from this topic.
The Senator from South Carolina, through
this debate, has taken occasion to apply to Mr.
Sumner, to his speech, to all that concerns him,
all the epithets 
Mr. BUTLER. Not an epithet did I use—not
an epithet.
Mr. WILSON. All the phrases which are
calculated to disparage him and his speech.
Mr. BUTLER. Criticism, if you say so.
I did not hear the Senator.
I say I used criticism, but
Mr. WILSON.
Mr. BUTLER,
not epithets.
Mr. WILSON.
Well, sir, I accept the Sena-
tor's word, and I say " criticism." But I say,
in his criticism, he used every word that I can
! conceive a fertile imagination could invent, or a
' malignant passion suggest. He has taken his
