THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
TmitTY-FouKi'h Congress, 1st Session-.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 19, 1856.
New Series. .. .No. 43.
been made. Although the Senator Sf.ys it is
adopting the principle of the dog in the manger,
I ask, why should we use a phraseology doubtful
in its character, if not actually untrue, for the
purpose of giving an appropriation to this point
which did not apply to all others ?
The Senator tells us that the Committee on
Commerce knew that this bill would be vetoed.
I beg to say to that Senator, that I knew no such
thing. Resides, let me say to him lhat 1 never
inquire in my action here what is to be the act
of the Executive. It is enough for me to know
that I do that duty which I think devolves on me
here. 1 tlunk it is the province of the Senate to
do its duty, and leave the Executive to the dis-
charge of (lis executive functions. I was not
present when the general bill was passed by this
body at the last Congress. I was called away.
I may frankly state that, although I did read at
the time in the newspapers the veto message, I
have not read it carefully at this session, with a
view to see what appropriations mi^ht come
withm, or might be excluded from, the doctrines
laid down in that message. I did not do so, be-
cause I held it to be my duty to act on my own
responsibility here, as I doubt not every other
member of the committee did. If some bills
shall not meet the sanction of the Executive after
they have been passed by Congress, it is a ques-
tion with which I have nothing to do, and in
regard to which I have not inquired. I did not,
therefore, allow myself to suggest the interroga-
tory, whether either this or any other bill would
meet the favor or the refusal of the Executive.
I believed then, and I believe still, that it was
the duty of the committee to place all these appro-
priations, as nearly as they could, on a general
principle, and that it really would have been the
dog-in-the-manger principle to depart ftom that
rule in one case and adhere to it in all others.
But, sir, I will not take up the time of the Senate
in the further discussion of this subject.
Mr. MASON. Mr. -President, I wish to say
a few words on this rnatter, so that I may vote
understandingly. I wTll do it now or to-morrow
at the pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. I hope the Senator will allow
me to make a motion to postpone this subject in
order to proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope that motion will be
agreed to, as we' shall not be able to get through
all the bills to-day.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, asked, and by unan-
imous consent, previous notice not having been
given, obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
improvement of the harbor of Charleston, South
Carolina; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MALLORY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill for the
improvement of the harbor of Appalachicola;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
NAVIGATION OF THE POTOMAC RIVER.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Replied, That the Secretaiy of Vwir lie requested to
communicate to the Senate any information th.it tiio top-
o^iaphieal bureau may atioid, couceimnq obstructions to
the navigation of the Potomac liver wnhm the District ot'
Columbia, and the expediency of measures for removing
the same.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages were received from the Pres-
ident of the United States, by Mr. Webster, his
Secretary.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
43
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 17, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order was the resolution reported by the
Commitjge of Elections.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior,
; transmitting, in compliance with the eleventh
, section of the act of 26th August, 1812, a state-
; ment containing the names of clerics and other
! persons employed m that Department; which was
i laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
BOOKS FOR MEMBERS.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL asked leave to sub-
mit the following resolution:
! Jlvwlvedy That a committee he appointed to procure and
! furu!>h to the order of memben of the House, who have
i not aheady iccrived them, such book* as weie oidered to
; the member* ofthe Bou^e of Repiesentauves of the Thirty-
Third Con-jios : Provided, That, m heu of such works as
may be out of print, or cannot be leadily obtained, oi winch
may be deemed ot no value to th^ member to whom they aie
due, such member -.hail have the light to order any other
works by the eomtmttec, winch, in hi?- (udmnent, may be
libel til; not, howevei, to exceed the coat of those for wlueh
they arc substituted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to that resolution.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL, i move to suspend
the rules for the purpose of introducing the reso-
lution.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. That resolution
is contiary to the usual form.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays, but subsequently withdrew the rail.
The question was taken; and the rules were
not suspended, two-thirds not voting in favor
thereof.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means a bill making
appropriations for fortifications and other works
of defense, and for repairs of barracks and quar-
ters, for the year ending 30th June, 1857; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state ofthe Union,
and ordered to bo-printed.
JACOB DODSON.
Mr. QUITMAN. I desire to make a report
from the Committee on Military Affairs, lhat
committee has directed me to report back, with-
out amendment, Senate bill No. 79, for the relief
of Jacob Dodson.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. How did these re-
ports get in—by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent.
Mr. COBB. 1 think it is better to call the
committees regularly.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Alabama object?
Mr. COBB. I think it better. I do object.
Mr. QUITMAN. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER.. The motion before the
House to suspend the rules is in order.
The question was taken; and the rules were
not suspended, two thirds of a quorum not voting
in favor thereof.
DOCUMENTS FOR CHIEF ENGINEER.
Mr. GtUITMAN. I know that gentlemen
would not object if they understood the bill. I
ask leave to oiler the following resolution:
Resolved, That f lift Clerk of the House of Repiesentatives
be directed to tian&nnt to the office of the Chief Engineer
ot the Aimy, fifty copies of every repr.it, map, or oilier
document, which may be prepaied by that office, and be
punted by oidei ofthe llotu-e.
Mr. NICHOLS. I object.
IVlr. QUITMAN. I desire that the gentleman
will withdraw his objection till I make a single
explanation. This resolution only applies to
those reports and maps which come from the en-
gineer department. The existing law prohibits
the chief of the engineer corps from having* any
additional copies printed; out they are abso-
lutely necessary, as may be seen from the re-
marks of the Secretary of War. He i
" Such documents often contain professional information
of the highest inteiest to the officers of the corps; and as
the act of August 31, prohibits the head ofthe bureau
fromoidering extra copies, or any copies of such report to be
printed, the officers ofthe corps have no means of obtaining
them."
The resolution simply provides for supplying
the bureau with fifty copies of such reports and
maps. I hope there will be no objection to having
a sufficient number of copies printed, so that they
may be distributed to the engineer corps.
Mr. NICHOLS. My only objection to the
resolution is, that resolutions of a similar char-
acter sometimes place it m the power of the De-
partment to go outside of the regular public
printing, and to incur the expense of new com-
position, which in my view is unnecessary and
improper. If this resolution contemplates simply
that the public printer employed by Congress
be directed to print these additional copies with-
out the necessity of a charge for composition or
extra expense, I have no objection to it. I then,
sir, suggest such a modification of th  resolution
as to provide that no extra charge for printing
shall $c incurred, and then I have no objection at
all to the resolution.
Mr. QUITMAN. I have no objection to such
modification, except that, as a matter of corase,
the fifty additional copies would, probably for ink
and paper, incur a very trifling additional expense.
If the gentleman will look at the resolution he
will sec that it simply provides, that where docu-
ments are printed for this House, and thecxpense
thus incurred, a suiEcicnt number of additional
copies shall be struck off for the use of the bureau
from which they come, and to which they prop-
erly belong. The law now forbids those addi-
tional extra copies to be printed. Only fifty are
asked for, which are absolutely- necessary for the
engineer corps.
Mr. NICHOLS withdrew his objection.
Mr. WADE. I object to the introduction of
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is too late for the gen-
tleman from Ohio to object.
Mr. HAVEN. If the object of the gentleman
from Mississippi is to furnish to the officers of
the Army 
Mr. aUITMAN. No.
Mr. HAVEN. What is the object?
Mr. QUITMAN. Simply to furnish fifty
copies to the engineer bureau of documents and
maps, which are printed by order of the House,
and which are prepared by that bureau.
Mr. HAVEN. One question further: I wish
to know whether this is covered by the regular
number, or whether it necessitates the printing
of extra copies?
Mr. QUITMAN. None but those printed by
order of this House.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not desire to interfere with
the resolution, but I wish to suggest t^iis: we have
a regular number of copies of documents printed
for the use of the House. I do not know now
whether the number is nine hundred or fifteen
hundred; and if you come to take out fifty copies
you will leave the number for members too small.
I certainly have no objection to having these copies
given to the engineer bureau, if doing so does not
reduce the regular number to too smali a number
for the use of the House. I only desire to have
the attention of gentlemen called to this fact, that
the House may know whether, in adopting this
resolution, they are encroaching upon the regular
number of documents intended for their own use.
Beyond that, the resolution ought to pass.
Mr. QUITMAN. The adoption of this reso-
lution would certainly not encroach upon the
number intended for the use of members. The
resolution has been introduced simply for the
purpose of providing that a sufficient number of
copies of all documents coming from the engineer
