664
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 24,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Resolutions of Massachusetts, Sfc.—Mr. Butler.
Senate.
States, or in the laws of Congress, even those
regulating the District of Columbia. I find none
such in the municipal codes of any one of the
States of the American Union. I find no such
thin<>- in the municipal code of any State in Chris-
tendom; but, on the other hand, I assert and de-
clare, with the utmost confidence, that the very
fundamental principle of criminal justice in every
civilized nation on earth, is, that the person ag-
grieved or offended, and his kinsmen and rela-
tions, shall be excluded from the judgment seat,
and even from the prosecution of offenders. If
you want to know where to find it, I will tell you,
honorable Senators, where you will read it; in
that ancient code, now rendered obsolete by a
diviner one, which says, " an eye for an eye and
a tooth for a tooth.To this day, also, it may
be read in unwritten laws, among the amanches
in Texas, and the Sioux on the shores of the
Lake of the Woods. To this day you will find
this principle growing and flourishing iri perpet-
ual youth, and throughout Hindostan and Af-
ghanistan, and in Africa, and in every othfer
country andlregion in the world, where the light
of Christianity has not reached, and freedom of
speech has never yet been known.
Mr. PEARCE obtained the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. Will my friend from Mary-
land allow me a few minutes ? I shall not ask his
favor, probably, for more than fiye minutes; cer-
tainly not for ten.
Mr. PEARCE. I yield.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I shall not
allow the desultory and diffusive remarks of the
Senator from New York to pass unnoticed; but I
wish to put this issue in a form so definite that it
can be intelligible even to adversaries who are
disposed to do justice. I do not wish to throw
out my remarks in such a diffusive shape that
they may ramify in various directions, suit one
person here ana another there, and answer and
be subservient to what I am afraid to say, is, 1
think, the main object of the gentleman's speech.
Sir, Mr. Preston S. Brooks has been arraigned,
on the ground that he has taken redress into
his own hands for an insult offered to his kins-
man. It is not so: he acted from higher mo-
tives. And now I intend to ask the Senator from
New York a question, which he may answer or
not, as he chooses. The Legislature of Massa-
chusetts has undertaken to censure my friend and
kinsman, as perhaps the excited feeling in that
locality may, to some extent, have authorized
them to do. Now, I wish to ask the Senator
from New York, do I understand him to say
that he indorses the approbatory part of those
resojutions in regard to the speech of the Senator
from Massachusetts? I do not know whether
that Senator from Massachusetts has any revolu-
tionary blood in him or not; but whenever he
comes to compare with me on that subject, I will
confront him.
Mr. SEWARD. Is the honorable Senator
from South Carolina through with his question ?
Mr. BUTLER. I have not finished yet. I
shall ask the gentleman another question: whether
the Senator from Massachusetts is not the first,
the very first, and the only one, as far as I know,
who has used his privilege, or his position here,
call it what you please, to assail the revolutionary
history of any State in the Union? Is there an-
other instance in which one member of the Sen-
ate of the United States has gone out of his way to
assail the revolutionary history of one of the "Old
Thirteen ?" He is the first who has put his profane,
hand upon that sacred volume. And who is he
that has put his hand on it ? Has he a revolu-
tionary title ? By what tenure does he hold his
place here as a judge to pronounce judgment on
the history o.f South Carolina? Sir, I retort to
the gentleman from New York what he has said.
Is the Senator from Massachusetts to be the wit-
ness? is he to be the grand jury? is he to be the
prosecutor ? is he to be the judge to sit in judg-
ment, to pronounce a judgment for posterity? By
what title does he claim the right of pronouncing
judgment? What right has he to go out of his
way upon all occasions—and that is the real of-
fense—to commit injustice, as it has been shown
that he has done ? His judgment has been re-
futed; and but for his being sustained by a feeling
at home, he would be consumed by the indigna-
tion of public opinion everywhere.
I am disinclined to continue this debate; for I
know how dangerous are the counsels of preju-
dice and resentment, and I know that I am not
indifferent to those counselors sometimes. I put
the question to the Senator from New York,
whether this is not the first instance, in the par-
liamentary history of this country, in which a
Senator has abused his position to go out of the
way to touch with his profane judgment the his-
tory of any one of the thirteen United States in
their revolutionary struggle? I can inform the
gentleman that that history is sacred to more
than to himself. I do not know but that Mr.
Sumner may have had ancestors who won laurels
by the sword, who made sacrifices of fortune, or
who wore the ermine, and distinguished them-
selves in the Revolution. It is not my place to
speak of my ancestors. I will say, however, that
I can challenge him on any occasion and in any
arena; so far, at least, as it regards, the sacrifice of
blood and of life.
What is his title, then? The Romans and the
Greeks gave to their descendants some right to
speak for their ancestors. He may have some
claim, and his colleague also may have some title
to speak on such matters. But when he [Mr.
Sumner] goes out of the way'to touch the history
of South Carolina, is he not to be rebuked? Sup-
pose the attack were made upon the history of
New York; suppose it touched the fame of the
ancestor of my friend from New York, [Mr.
Fish,] who fought side by side with the gaJlant
Laurens at the battle of Yorktown, and there was
not a Senator from New York on this floor: I
would stand here and rebuke the man who, with
profane touch, would undertake to burn the ma-
terials of the common altar of history.
Does the Senator from New York [Mr. Sew-
ard] indorse the resolutions of Massachusetts
to the extent that they approve of his [Mr.
Sumner's] course by saying that he was right,
not only in abusing me, out in pronouncing
judgment upon South Carolina—not upon her
present position, because that I suppose may
be in some respects allowable ? 1 never have
touched the revolutionary history of Massa-
chusetts: not even now, provoked as I have
been, have I done it; and those who undertake
at this period to take care of her honor perhaps
have not acquired a title to do so.
I shall put another question to the gentleman.
He says it is the first instunce which he has ever
known where a kinsman has been allowed the
right of judging of a wrong to his house and his
blood. Will that gentleman tell me that he
would allow an intruder to come into his house,
and insult his daughter and his wife, and that
he would go out to hunt for a constable to come
in and prosecute him ? What has Mr. Preston
S. Brooks done but what every man does who
takes into his hands the redress of his own
wrongs, and who fights for his rights ? Is the
gentleman always looking out for an opportu-
nity to go to law for his rights ? That is not the
sentiment .of the community in which I live.
Suppose the Senator from Massachusetts had
said that all the sons were brave and the daught-
ers virtuous in Massachusetts, and that the re-
verse was the case in South Carolina, would you
go to law, and have an attorney at your back to
redress honor? I do not live in a community of
that nature, sir. Dexter spoke the truth and the
sentiment of the civilized world when he said,
that where blood and country are insulted he
that pauses is damned.
I put it to the country that the Senator from
Massachusetts was the aggressor. Now, I de-
clare, in temperate language, though I do not pre-
tend to say that 1 have no feeling on this subject,
that my friend did not resent this because he was
a northern man, or an Abolitionist, or from any
such consideration. He would have resented it
as soon if any other Senator had insulted his
State. But, sir, I believe there was scarcely
another man on this floor who could have gone
out of his way to say what that Senator said.
My friend did not take redress into his own hands
on the ground that he was a northern man or a
political opponent. He did it upon a higher con-
sideration.
Though I am not done with the subject, I shall
■ot continue the debate now, for fear that I may
not do justice to myself—and my feelings admon-
ish me that such may be the case. I shall, there-
fore, sit down with one remark to the Senator
from New York. He says that public meetings
have, been held in the South to sustain the course
of this young gentleman. Let me ask him, have
not meetings been held by irresponsible multi-
tudes outside of the State of Massachusetts in
other quarters? Sir, on this occasion I pardon
much to Massachusetts. Though she has com-
mitted errors in her resolutions, I would pardon
her to some extent; but when New York mobs
and public meetings outside of Massachusetts
undertake to condemn my kinsman, the Senator
is mistaken if he supposes that the spirit of his
own people would oe indifferent to the conse-
quences which might fall upon him. It was not
until after those overwhelming northern meetings,
that meetings were held in the South. I conclude
now by declaring that, if ever I am whipped in
this House by anybody, I answer for it South
Carolina will have no indignation meetings for
me. [Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Order!
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
South Carolina has spoken in the spirit in which
I I had no doubt he would speak, because it is in
| keeping with his own character, the chivalry of
which I freely admit; and because it is in the de-
fense of his own friend. But he forgets—he will
Eardon me for saying so—his j udicial habits ,when
e propounds his questions so rapidly, and so
many of them, without distinguishing them into
separate interrogatories. I cannot remember all
the questions which he asked me; but this I do
remember of them all, that every one of them, if
I understand the subject about which I have been
speaking at all, is foreign to the debate in which
I was engaged. I was speaking of the abstract
question, whether the transaction which has been
the subject of so much comment was a breach of
the privileges of this House. I was stating that
the honorable Senator from Virginia had ex-
pressed a different opinion, and expressed sur-
prise and regret that Massachusetts had made
complaint. Sir, I had cautiously abstained from
reading the complaint of Massachusetts. Why
did I do so? Simply because it would embarrass
the question which I was discussing; for it is pre-
cisely the same whether Massachusetts had com-
plained or not; and whether she had complained
temperately or in intemperate language. ' The
honorable Senator asked me whether I indorsed
what Massachusetts has said.
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir; I guarded against
that. I will not ask the gentleman to indorse a
paper which he has not read.
Mr. SEWARD. I have read it now.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not ask in that point of
view; but I put the question, whether there was
an instance in the history of this country of the
approval by a State of a Senator attacking the
revolutionary history of one of the " Old Thir-
teen?" That was my question; and I said this
was the first instance of the kind, to my knowl-
edge.
Mr. -SEWARD. I suppose this whole affair
is entirely new. I think, if there had been any
historical knowledge on the subject, we should
have heard it read here; and I certainly have no
knowledge, from tradition or acquaintance, of
any such transaction as this in any of the stages
which have marked its occurrence here.
Now as to the question whether I indorse what
Massachusetts has said. The honorable Senator
disclaims any wish or desire to draw me into a
controversy which is already personal, and from
which I have intended to keep back; but I will
tell the honorable Senator, since I have read these
resolutions, that in one aspect of them, and in one
construction of them, I see nothing objectionable
in them. Subject to the construction which he
might give them, they would raise a question.
As I said a few days ago—I do not know whether
the honorable Senator from South Carolina was
here or not then—whenever any Senator in this
Hall assails the name, fame, or character of any
other member, or the name, fame, or character of
any State in this Union, I think he commits an
