life
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
fullj-evenge hire on the floor, of the Senate—here
in debate-*-for the remarks made by my colleague.
1 do no£ take any exception to tins mode. This
is .the way. in which the speech pf my colleague
should have been met—-not by blows—not by an
assault., , .*.*■ 
The Senator tells us that this is not, in his opin-
ion., an assault upon the constitutional rights of a
member of t]ie Senate.. He tells us that a. mem-
ber cannot be permitted to print and send abroad
over the world, with impunity, his opinions; but
that he is liable to, have them questioned in a
judicial tribunal. Well, sir, if this be so—he is
a lawyer, I am not—I accept his view and I ask,
why not have tested Mr. Sumner's speech in a
judicial tribunal, and let that tribunal have settled
the question whether Mr. Sumner uttered a libel
or not? Why was it necessary—why did the
" chivalry " of South Carolina require that, for
words uttered op this floorunder the solemn guar-
antees of constitutional law, a Senator should be
met here by violence? Why appeal from the
floor'of the Senate — from ajudicial tribunal, to
the bludgeon ? I put the question to the Senator
—to the " chivalry" of South Carolina—ay, to
"thegalIantset,"to use the Senator's own words,
of " Ninety-Six."—why was it necessary to sub-
stitute the bludgeon for the judicial tribunal ?
Sir, the Senator from South Carolina—and, in
what I say of him to-day I have no disposition
to say anything unkind or unjust, and if I utter
any such word I will withdraw it at oncc—told
us that, when my colleague came here, he came
holding fanatical ideas, but that he met him,
offered him his hand, and treated him with cour-
tesy, supposing, as in other cases which had hap-
pened under his eye, that acquaintance with
southern gentlemen might cure him ofhis " fanat-
icism." I believe that was the expression.
Mr. BUTLER. I have no disposition to say
that the gentleman is going to put forth anything
that is not correct. I do not know how Mr.
Sumner and myself were introduced. I did not
undertake to say how that took place, but said,
that our relations were for a time on the footing
which I stated.
Mr. WILSON. So I understood the honor-
able Senator to say. J do not know how they
were introduced; but I think the Senator said
that for a time they had relations of an agreeable
and pleasant character.
Mr. BUTLER. They were quite so.
Mr. WILSON. He gravely told us that his
courtesy and attentions introduced Mr. Sumner
where he could not otherwise have gone. The
Senator will allow me to say that tins is not the
first time during this session wo hove heard this
kind of talk about "social influence" and the
necessity of association with gentlemen from (he I
South in order to have intercourse with the 10 j
fined and cultivated society of Washington. .Sir, |
Mr. Sumner was reared m a section of country 1
where men know how to be gentlemen, lie was <
trained in the society of gentlemen, in as good |
society as could be found in that .section of the j
country! He went abroad. In England and on 1
the Continent, he was received everywhere, as he
had a right to be received, into the best social
circles, into literary associations, and into that
refined and polished society which adorns and
graces the present age in western Europe. 1 do
not know where any gentleman could desire to
go, that Mr. Sumner could not go without the
assistance of the Senator from South Carolina,
or any other person on this lloor. .Sir, we have
heard quite enough of this. It is a piny-wood
doctrine—a plantation idea. Gentlemen reared
in refined and cultivated society are not accus-
tomed to this language, and never indulge in its
use towards others.
The Senator from South Carolina commenced
his speech bv proclaiming what he intended to
do, and he closed it by asserting what lie had
done. Wei!, sir, I listened to his speech with
some degiee of attention, and I must say, that the
accomplishment did not come quite up to what
was promised; and that, without his assurance,
the Senate and the country would never have sup-
posed that his achievements amounted to what he
assured us they did in this debate.
The Senator complained of Mr. Sumner for
quoting the constitution of South Carolina; and
lit; asserted over and over again, and he winds up
his. speech by the declaration, that the quotation
made is not in the constitution. After making
that declaration, he read the constitution, and
read the identical quotation, Mr. Sumner asr
serted what is in the constitution, but there is
an addition to it which he did not quote. The
Senator, might have complained because he did
not quote it; but the portion not quoted carries
out only the letter and the spirit of the portion
quoted. To be a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives of South Carolina it is necessary to
own a certain number of acres of land, and ten
slaves, or $750 of income. The Senator declared
with great emphasis—and I saw nods, Demo-
cratic nods, all around the Senate—that " a
man who was not worth that amount of money
was not fit to be a representative!" That may
be good Democratic doctrine—it comes from a
Democratic Senator, of the Democratic State of
South Carolina, and received Democratic nods
and Democratic smiles—but it is not in harmony
with the Democratic ideas of the American people.
The charge made by Mr. Sumner was, that South
Carolina was nominally republican,but in reality
had aristocratic features in herconstitution. Well,
sir, is not this charge true ? To be a member of
the House of Representatives of South Carolina,
the candidate must own ten men—yes, sir, ten men
—and five hundred acres of land, or have $750 of
income; to be a member of the Senate double is
required. This Legislature, havingthese personal
qualifications, placing them in the rank of a priv-
ileged few, areelected upon a lepresentative basis
as unequal as the rotten-borough system of Eng-
land in its most rotten days. That is not all.
This Legislature elects the Governor of South
Carolina and the presidential electors. The peo-
ple have the privilege of voting for men with these
qualifications, upon this basis, and they select their
Governor for them, and choose the presidential
electors for them. The privileged few govern:
the many have the privilege of being governed by
them.
Sir, I have no disposition to assail South Car-
olina. God knows that I would peril my life in
defense of any State of this Union if assailed by
a foreign foe. I have voted, and I will continue
to vote, while I have a seat on this floor, as cheer-
fully for appropiiations, or for anything that can
benefit South Carolina, or any other State of this
Union, as for my own Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts. South Carolina is a part of my country.
Slaveholders arc not the tenth part of her popu-
lation. There is somebody else there besides
slaveholders. I am opposed to its system of sla-
very, to its aristocratic inequalities, and I shall
continue to be opposed to them; but it is a sover-
eign State of this Union—a part of my country—
and I have no disposition to do injustice to it.
The Senator assails Mr. Sumner for referring
to the effects of slavery upon South Carolina in
the revolutionary era What Mr. Sumner said
m regard to the imbecility of South Carolina, pro-
duced by slavery, in the Revolution, is true, and
more than true — yes, sir, true, and more than
true. I can demonstrate its truth by the words
and correspondence of General Greene, by the
words and correspondence of Governor Matthews,
General I>arnwell, General Marion, Judge John-
son, Dr. Ramsey the historian, Mr. Gadsden,
Mr. Burke, Mr. "Hugcr, and her representatives
who came to Congress, and asked the nation to
relieve her from her portion of the common bur-
dens, because it was necessary for her men to
stay at home to keep her negro slaves in subjec-
tion. These sons of South Caiolina ha\e given
to the world the indisputable evidence that slavery
impaired the power of that State in the war of
Independence.
The Senator told us that South Carolina, which
furnished one fifteenth as many men as Massa-
chusetts in the Revolution, " shed hogsheads of
blood where Massachusetts shed gallons." That
is one of the extravagances of the Senator—one
of his loose expressions, absurd and ridiculous
to others—one of that class of expressions which
justify Air. Sumner in saying that " he cannot
ope his mouth but out tficre flies a blunder."
This is one of those characteristics of the Sen-
ator which naturally arrested the attention of a
speaker like Mr. Sumner, accustomed to think
accurately, to speak accurately, to write accu-
rately, and to be accurate in all his statements.
I say that such expressions as those in which the
Senator from South Carolina has indulged in
reference to this matter are of the class in which
he too often indulges, and which brought from
my^colleague that remark at .which, he takes so
much offense. But enough of this.
Sir, the Senator from South Carolina has un-
dertaken to assure the Senate and the country,
to-day, that he is not the aggressor. Here and
now I tell him that Mr. Sumner was not the ag-
gressor; that the Senator from South Carolina
was the aggressor. I will prove this declaration
to be true Beyond all question. Mr. Sumner is
not a man who desires to be aggressive towards
any one. He came into the Senate a " represent-
ative man." His opinions were known to the
country. He came here knowing that there were
but few in this body who could sympathize with
him. He was reserved and cautious. For eight
months here he made no speeches upon any ques-
tion that could excite the animadversion even of
the sensitive Senator from South Carolina. He
made a brief speech in favor of the system of
granting lands for constructing railways in the
new States, which the people of those States
justly applauded; and 1 will undertake to say
that he stated the whole question briefly, fully,
and powerfully. He also made a brief speech
welcoming Kossuth to the United States. But
beyond the presentation of a petition, he took no
steps to press his earnest convictions upon the
Senate; nor did he say anything which could, by
possibility, disturb the most excitable Senator.
On the 28th day of July, 1852, after being in
this body eight months, Mr. Sumner introduced
a proposition to repeal the fugitive slave act, Mr.
Sumner and his constituents believed that act
to be not only a violation of the Constitution of
the United States and a violation of all the safe-
guards of the common law which have been gar-
nered up for centuries to protect the rights of the
people, but at war with Christianity, humanity,
and human nature—an enactment that is bring-
ing upon this Republic the indignant scorn of the
Christian and civilized world. With these con-
victions he proposed to repeal that act, as he had
a right to propose. He had made no speech.
He rose and asked the Senate to give him the
privilege of making a speech. "Strike, but
hear," said he — using a quotation. I do not
know that he gave the authority for it. Perhaps
the Senator from South Carolina will criticise
it as a plagiarism—as he has criticised another
application of a classical passage. Mr. Sumner
asked the privilege of addressing the Senate.
The Senator from South Carolina, who now
tells us that he had been his friend, an old and
veteran Senator here, instead of feeling*that Mr.
Sumner was a member standing almost alone,
with only the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] the Senator from. New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hale,] and Governor Chase, of Ohio, in
sympathy with him—objected to his being heard.
He asked Mr. Sumner tauntingly if he wished to
make an " oratorical display ?" and talked about
" playing the orator" and " the part of a parlia-
mentary rhetorician." These words, in their
scope and in their character, were calculated to
wound the sensibilities of a new member, and
; perhaps bring upon him what is often brought
! on a member who maintains here the great doc-
I trines of liberty and Christianity—the sneer and
I the laugh under which men sometimes shrink.
| Thus was Mr. Sumner, be/ore he had ever
i uttered a word 011 the subject of slavery herey ar-
raigned by the Senator from South Carolina,
not for what he ever had said, but for what he
intended to say; and the Senator announced that
he must oppose his speaking because he would
attack South Carolina. Mr. Sumner quietly said
that he had no such purpose; but the Senator did
not wish to allow him to u make the Senate the
vehicle of communication for his speech through-
out the United States, to wash deeper and deeper
the channel through which flow the angry waters
of agitation."
Now, I charge here on the floor of the Senate,
and before the country, that the Senator from
South Carolina was the aggressor; that he ar-
i raigned, in language which no man can defend,
my colleague, before he ever uttered a word on
1 this subject on the floor of the Senate, and in the
face of his express disclaimer that he had no pur-
pose of alluding to South Carolina. This was
the beginning; other instances follow.
Mr. Sumner made,"in February, 1$54, aspeech
