1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
lias been offered to the principles you cherish,
how much greater has been the shock given to
our own, and given by ourselves! We have
surrendered opinions professed and upheld by our
whole people. "We have sacrificed principles that
were valuable and vital—valuable because they
protected our interests, vital because they guarded
our safety. These have we renounced and ab-
jured, in orderto overturn theories, which, though
you might deem them ornamental, concerned
neither your interests nor your safety. The
flames which destroyed your dove-cot were first
lighted in our own mansion house.
I have, then, no sympathy for the factitious
sorrows of these gentlemen of the Free-Soil party.
I am jealous of their immoderate grief and lament-
able complaints over this Nebraska bill, this
grave of the Missouri compromise. The gentle-
man from Ohio favored us with a quotation from
Macbeth, and I will give hiru an answering quo-
ta lion from Hamlet. I feel as Hamlet did when
the brother of Ophelia testified his exaggerated
grief by leaping into her grave:
" What i« he, whose grief
Bears such an emphasis ?
* * * *
Zounds, show me what thou'lt do ;
Woo't weep, woo't fight, woo't tear thyself,
Woo't dunk up esile, eat a crocodile ?
I'll do't—Dost thou come here to whine—
To outface me with leaping in her grave ?
* * *
Nay, an thou'lt mouth,
I'll rant as well as thou."
I tell gentlemen 011 the other side they cannot
be more distressed—they cannot be more grieved
or afflicted at what they deem an attack upon the
principles which they hold dear, than I am at the,
to me, unaccountable surrender of the doctrines
and principles that almost every man in the South
professed and maintained previous to the passage
of the Kansas and Nebraska bill. But, sir, there
is nothing in this question of the repeal of the
Missouri compromise, and of the principles of
the Nebraska bill, which has any necessary con-
nection with the question before the House, which
is one of comparative insignificance—a mere con-
tested election in one of the Territories of the
United States.
I have said that the arguments of those gentle-
men who deny the committee the powers they ask
have, in my judgment, been unanswered up to
the present moment. I see no good purpose to
be accomplished by continuing the discussion
further. Its interest has been utterly exhausted.
Let this contested election be carried on upon the
principles by which such questions have usually
been regulated. Let the Committee of Elections
receivc such testimony as the respective parties
may be able to produce. If thj>y desire an in-
vestigation into the affairs of Kansas Territory,
the time may come when it will be more fitting
and more becoming to enter into such an invest-
igation.
For myself, I am opposed to all the proposi-
tions before the House. I am opposed to grant-
ing* power or authority to the Committee of
Ejections to send for persons and papers; and I
am opposed to sending a commission to Kansas,
whether it be composed of members of this
House, or of persons residing in this city; and, as
the best and most convenient mode of terminat-
ing this discussion, which has already too long
kept the House from the consideration of much
more important business, I move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
Mr.. SMfTH, of Virginia. I would be very
glad if myrolleague would withdraw that motion.
I desire to submit .some remarks to the House
upon this question before it is disposed of by the
House.
Mr. M1LLSON. I made the motion because
I thought it the best way of getting rid of the
subject: but, if my colleague wishes to speak, I
will withdraw the motion. _ t
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman from Virginia will j
give way for that purpose, I will move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. SMITH. I will give way for that motion.
Mr. SIMMONS. If there is no other gentle-
man who wishes to speak to-night 1 desire to
submit a few remarks to the House.
Mr. SMITH. I am perfectly willing to give
way to the gentleman from New York, if he
wishes to speak to-night. Indeed, I prefer that
he should speak, for we have already had two or
three speeches on this side since we had one on
the other. X yield with the understanding that I
shall be entitled to the floor in the morning.
The SPEAKER. That understanding can only
be had by unanimous consent.
There was no objection.
Mr. SIMMONS then addressed the House for
one hour. His speech is withheld for revision,
and will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, obtained the floor.
Mr. DUNN. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Bennett] to withdraw his motion
to recommit, in order that I may now offer my
proposition—of which notice has heretofore been
given.
Mr. SMITH. I wish it understood that I have
the floor.
Mr. DUNN. It is a substitute for the original
resolution offered by the Committee of Elections
and the pending amendment, so that the whole
may be before this House when we come to a vote.
Mr. BENNETT. I withdraw my motion to
recommit.
Mr. DUNN. I then offer the following as a
substitute:
Resolved, That a committee of three of the members of
this House, to be appointed by the Speaker, shall proceed
to inquire into and collect evidence in regard to the troubles
m Kansas generally, and particularly in legard to any fraud
or force attempted or practiced in rcfcionec to any of the
elections which have taken place m said Temtory, either
tinder the law oi gam zing said Territory, or undci any pre-
tended law which may he alleged to have taken effect therein
since. That ihey shall fully investigate and take proof of
all violent and tumultuous proceedings in aaid Territory,
at any time smce the passage of the Kansas-Nehtaska act,
whether engaged in by ic&idents of said Terntoiy, or by
any peison or peisons fiom elsewhete going into said Ter-
ritory, and doing, or encouraging others to do, any act of
violencoor public disturbance against the laws of the United
States, or the rights, peace, and safety of the residents of
said Terntoiy: and fur that putpose said committee shall
have full power to send for and examine, and take copies
of all such papers, public recoids and proceedings, .is in
then judgment will be useful m the premises; and, al*o, to
send lor person**, and examine them on oath, oi afliimation,
as to matters within their knowledge, touching the matters
of saul iiivostigation; and said committee, by their chah man,
shall have power to administer all necessary oaths or affirma-
tions connected with their aioresaid duties.
Resolved further, That said committee may hold their
investigations at such places and times as to them may
seem advisable, and that they have leave of absence from
the duties of this House until they shall have completed
such investigation. That they be authorized to employ
one or more clerks, and one ormoic assistant sergeanH-at-
arms, to aid them in their investigation; and may adminis-
ter to them an oath or affirmation faithfully to perform the
duties assigned to them, le^poctivoly, and to keep secret
all matters which may coinc to their knowledge touching
such investigation as said committee shall direct, until the
report of the same shall be submitted to this House; and
said committee may discharge any such clerk, or assistant
sergeant-at-arms, for neglect of duty or disregard of injunc-
tions in the picmises, and employ others under like rcgula-
tiorw.
Resolved further, That if any person shall m any manner j
ofo-itiuet of hinder said committee, or attempt so to do, in j
their said investigation, or shall iefu*e to attend on said
committee, and to give evidence when summoned foi that
puipose, or shall refuse to produce any paper, book, public
record, or proceeding in their possession or control, to said
committee when <•<> required, or shall make any disturbance
where said committee is holding their sittings, said commit-
tee may, if they see fit, cause any and every such peison to
be arrested bv said assistant sergeant-at-arms, and brought
before tins House to be dealt with as for a contempt.
Resolved futther, That for the purpose of defraying the
expenses of said commission, there be, and hereby is, ap-
propriated the sum of $-10,000,to be paid out of the con-
tingent fund of this Ilou^e.
Resolved further. That the President of the United States
be, and i-> hereby, requested to furnish to said committee,
should tlicy be met with any sei ions opposition by bodies of
lawless men, in the discharge of their duties afoiesaid,such
aid fiom any military foice as may at the tune be conve-
nient to them, as may be necessary to remove f-uch opposi-
tion, and ejiable said committee without molestation to
proceed with then lahois.
Resolved fail her, That when said committee shall have
completed «nid investigation, they report all the evidence
so collected to this Bou.-e.
Mr. DUNN. In accordance with my promise
to the gentleman from Mississippi I now renew
his motion to recommit, though I shall vote
against it.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following executive com- !
munications; which were disposed of as indicated '
below:
A communication from the Secretary of State, 1
transmitting to Congress a copy of the correspond-
ence which has recently taken place between
her Britannic Majesty's Minister accredited to
this Government, and the Secretary of State, in
order that the expodiency of sanctioning the ac-
ceptance by the officers of the United States who
were in the American expedition in search of Sir
John Franklin, of such token of thankfulness as
may be offered to them on the part of her Majes-
ty's Government for their services on the occa-
sion referred to, may be taken into consideration!
Referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliancy with a resolution of
the House of the 28th ultimo, copies of a corre-
spondence, documents, and papers in relation to
the compensation and emoluments of Brevet Lieu-
tenant General Scott, under the joint resolution
of Congress approved February 15, 1855. Be-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 28th ultimo,
a report from the Secretary of the Interior, con-
taining such information as is in the possession
of such Department, touching the cause of the
difficulties existing between the Creek and Semi-
nole Indians since their emigration west of the
Mississippi river. Referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
INDIANS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. PRINGLE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to tins House a copy of the report of Superintendent
Cummin, m regard to in:- late expedition among the tribes
of Indians upon the upper Missouri.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. McCARTY, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced the
following bills; which were severally read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce:
A bill making an appropriation for a steam-
dredge upon Lake Ontario; and
A bill making an appropriation for continuing
the improvement of tlie harbor of Port Ontario,
New York.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to continue the reopening of communication be-
tween Albemarle Sound, North Carolina,and ths
Atlantic ocean; which was read a first and sec-
ond tune, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
CAPTAIN MARCY'S REPORT.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask the unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printmgbe instructed to
cause to be printed for the use of, and distribution by, mem-
bers ot tins House, ten thousand extra copies of the report
and accompanying maps made by Captain ft- B. Marey,
United States Navy, of an exploration of the Big Waehita
river, and the country about the head waters of the Brazos,
marlo m connection with the selection and location of lands
for the occupation of the Indians living within the limits of
Texas, m 1&34.
Mr. CRAIGE. I object.
And then, on motion by Mr. ORR, the House
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes) adjourned
until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 18, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before tha
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating the copy of a correspond-
ence which has recently taken place between her
Britannic Majesty's Minister accredited to this
Government and the Secretary of State, in order
that the expediency of sanctioning the acceptance,
by the officers of the United States who were in the
American expedition in search of Sir John Frank-
lin, of such token of thankfulness as maybe
offered to them on the part of her Majesty's Gov-
ernment for their services, may be taken into
consideration by Congress. The communication
was, on motion by Mr. Seward, referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
