676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DODGE presented a petition of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Sparta to Montaville, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of the
Pennsylvania Yearly Meeting of Progressive
Friends, praying for the adoption of measures
for the amicable settlement of all international
difficulties; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
■ Also, a petition of a committee appointed at a
meeting of citizens of Truro,Massachusetts, pray-
ing for the adoption of measures for the protection
of the Cape Cod fisheries; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Also, additional papers in relation to the peti-
tion of Sarah E. Hobbins; which, were referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
■ Also, the memorial of the Boston Board of
Trade, praying for the adoption of measures for
the protection of American commerce against
piracies in the shallow bays and waters along the
China coast; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
• Mr. SUMNER. I present a memorial of the
IndianaYearly Meeting of the Society of Friends,
held at Newport, Wayne county, Indiana, in
which they ask Congress to inhibit the coastwise
and inter-State slave trade, to abolish slavery in
the District of Columbia, and to prevent by legis-
lative action its introduction into any of the Tcr-
titories of the United States; and especially to so
change the law organizing the Territories of Kan-
sas and Nebraska as to prohibit slavery therein.
1 move that the memorial be received and ordered
to lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a memorial from the
Boston Society of Natural History, in which
they set forth their great interest in the services
of Lieutenant Maury, and also of Lieutenant
Gilliss, and their regret, for the sake of science
and the character of these distinguished gentle-
men, that they have been placed on the retired
list of the Navy. They also express their groat
interest in the establishment of a scientific board
composed of naval officers, and request the favor
of Congress for that object. I move that the
memorial be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have also a memorial from
Castner Hanway, of Chester county, in the State
of Pennsylvania, setting forth that he was tried
on a false allegation of being engaged in opposing
the fugitive slave law—that he suffered great loss
and damage on account of his imprisonment and
the expenses to which he was subjected in his
defense. He prays for some remedy from Con-
gress. I move the reference of the memorial to
the Committee on Claims.
It was so referred.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of Shepherd j
Knapp, praying for compensation for services as j
pension agent for the city of New York; which j
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
the surviving children of Ebenezer Murrh, a
lieutenant in t'ne revolutionary army, praying
for compensation for his losses and military ser-
vices in the revolutionary war; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of Sophia Mason, heir of
James Means, an officer in the revolutionary
army, praying to be allowed commutation pay;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. FOSTER presented the petition of the pro-
fessors of mathematics 111 the Navy stationed at
Washington, praying for an increase of compen-
sation; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. DURKEE presented the petition of Effie
Van Ness, widow of Grant Van Ness, a revolu-
tionary officer, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Also, the petition of Prudence Couch, widow
of John Couch, a revolutionary soldier, praying
to be allovyed a pension; ^hich was referred to
the Committee on Pensions. 1
Also, the petition of William Patterson, a sol-
dier in the last war with Great Britain, praying
to be allowed a pension; which was referred to
the Committee 011 Pensions.
Mr. COLLAMER presented the petition of
Reuben Clough, praying to be allowed arrears of
pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. MALLORY presented a petition of the
clerk and messenger in the office of the assistant
quartermaster of the marine corps at New York,
praying to be allowed the twenty per cent, on
their pay which was allowed to other employes ;
of the Government; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the petition of James R. Hanham, mili-
tary storekeeper at St. Augustine, Florida, pray-
ing for compensation for services rendered by
him in the engineer, subsistence, and quarter-
master's departments of the Army; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a memorial of the
delegates and representatives of the Choctaw na-
tion of Indians, praying that provision may be
made for the filial settlement of their claims under
the treaty of 1830 and all subsequent treaties;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented two petitions
of citizens of Iowa, praying for the establishment j
of a mail route from Clarksville to Nevada, in '
that State; which were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. I
Mr. FESSENDEN. I present the petition of '
Oliver Hope and other inhabitants of the town of
Wyndham, in the State of Maine, respectfully !
asking that provision may be made by law that !
whenever, within a certain period of years, any |
State of this Union now admitting domestic >
slavery shall decree the emancipation of all slaves,
and the final extinction of involuntary servitude
within her borders, an exact remuneration for the
slaves shall be made; and for each and every
slave so emancipated there shall be paid from the
X'leasury ol the United States to such State, for
equitable distribution among the slaveholders, a
sum of money to be ascertained by Congress. I
ask that the petition lie on the table.
It was so oidered.
Mr. PRATT. I have been requested to pre- L
sent Uie^ memorial of merchants and importers j
residing in the city of Baltimore, in which they rep-
resent that certain undyed and unfinished woolen
goods of the varieties which they specify, were
omitted to be mentioned m a certain class in the
present tariff, and that, consequently, they pay a
duty which is charged upon finished goods of the
same varieties, 'l'liey ask that the tariff may
be amended, so as to place these goods m their
proper scale. I move that the memorial be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER presented a memorial of D. E.
Twiggs and other officers of the Army, praying
for an increase of the commutation price of the
Army ration; which was referred to the Commit-
tee 011 Military Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
O11 motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
OulereJ, Thsit tlx' petition oi" William It. Ncviu®, on the
lilcs o; the Ncnat<\ bo rcicnod to the Committee on Patent
and the Patent < 'liiee.
COMMITTEE REPORT.
Mr. JONES) of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
John McDonald and other?, asked to be dis-
charged from its consideration, and that it he
rcfened to the Committee on Public Lands;
which was agreed to.
POST ROUTES.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, It wag
Resofre/?, That the Committee on the Po*t Office and
Po>t Road* mqmrc into the expediency of eieatm'J: a po^t
route irorn IaWiIIu, up Dutch CieeK, to Waldion, m the
State of Arknu-a^.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Poh Roads bo jii.-tnicted to itkjujic into die expediency ot'
establishing mail routes from Dunieith. Illinois, via I'otuf-i. :
Wiseon>in, to Lane.i-ner; ai*o, licm Sioux City. Iowa, via
the Vcrmiilioii liver, m Minne.-out Ten itmy, to Toi t Fierie,
in NebraskaTcmtoiv ; and fiom t'ud Sioux Cnv\ viaL'Eau
qui Cours river, m Nebraska Terutojy, to the South Pass. '
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. IYERSON" gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to increase the com-
pensation of members of the Senate and House
of Representatives, and to alter and fix the time
of the annual meeting of Congress.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HAMLIN, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to regulate
the appraisement of imported merchandise; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUSK, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
establish a separate judicial district south of the
Gila, and to create the office of surveyor general
therein, to provide for the adjudication of certain
land claims, to grant donations to actual settlors,
to survey certain lands, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
THE NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. HOUSTON presented a memorial signed
by members of the Legislature of the State of
Maryland, approving the resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Virginia in reference to the action of the
naval retiring board, which have been heretofore
presented to the Senate. The honorable Senator
proceeded to speak on the resolutions, and in
review of the action of the naval retiring board.
His speech occupied three hours m the delivery.
He was followed by Messrs. BUTLER, BAY-
ARD, and MALLORY. The debate involved
personal and official conduct, and much docu-
mentary evidence was quoted 011 both sides. Mr.
Houston's speech is withheld for revision, and
until its publication the responses will be imper-
fectly understood; they will, therefore, be pub-
lished together. This debate will appear in the
Appendix.
Mr. CLAYTON obtained the floor; and, on
his motion, the Senate adjourned, at twenty min-
utes past live o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuksday, March 18, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be the resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on Elections.
ANSON DART.
Mr, PR INGLE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported back the Senate bill (No.
60) for the relief of Anson Dart; which was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion by Mr PIUNG-LE, it was
Orilercil, That the Committee on Indian Alfaiis be dis-
claimed from the fuithei consideration ot tlie memorial of
James K. Wooutn, funt that, ho have leave to withdraw liis
papeis liuLti tin; tiles oftbe House.
ROOMS FOR COMMITTEES.
Mr. BALL, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Public Grounds, asked leave to in-
troduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Speaker be authorized and requested
to cause to Ins piocurort and fitted in a suitable manner, for
the ujo ot the Committee on Pubiir* Buddings and IHihhc
Grounds, a room m wlueh to hold its meetings until such
tune as an apaitment m the public buildings shall bepie-
pued and a.^siiiried for that puipo^e, and that the expense
thereof tie iletiayed out of the contingent fund of tins
Ilon^e.
Mr. McMULLIN. I believe that there other
committees who have no rooms provided for
them. I should like that the important commit-
tee of which 1 am a member be provided also
with a room.
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The Chair
desires to know if the gentleman from Virginia
objects to the introduction of the resolution?
Air. McMULLIN. I do object to it.
Mr. BALL. I wish to know from the Speaker
whether this is not a privileged question, pertain-
ing to the organization of the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
a privileged question.
