34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 26,
inconsistent. My views are set forth in the mi-
nority report. _ .'
Mr. HOUSTON. The questions involved in
this controversy are very important, and I desire
to have the evidence read. The vote which we
propose to give makes a final disposition of this
case.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the gentleman from
Alabama give way to me for a moment?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; I have a very im-
portant proposition to make, and I cannot yield.
[Laughter.] I understand that the disposition
now to be made of this matter is to be final, and
the questions involved are of serious consequence
to the country. [Laughter.]
Mr. SEWARD. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot give way.
Mr. SEWARD. I only wish to submit a mo-
tion to have fifty thousand extra copies printed.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that this ma- j
jority report charges that this fight was com- j
menced and carried on in an official capacity; and :
where an important issue of that sort is presented
to us, we ought to hear the evidence read. [Cries
of " No !" " No !"] I have a right, I suppose, i
to have it read, because the vote we are called
upon to give makes a final disposition of the
entire case.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw that motion until I can offer
a resolution.
Mr. CAMPBELL. X shall renew it again.
Mr. LETCHER. I will renew it if the gen-
tleman insists upon it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, I withdraw it.
Mr. LETCHER. As assaults and batteries
these days are matters of great moment, whether
committed inside of this Hall or outside of it, I
want the facts of this ense to go to the country.
We southern men are charged with being very
excitable and irritable; and I want the majority
and minority reports, with the evidence 111 ref- j
erence to tins matter, to go before the people, to
show that we are very submissive.
Mr. ORR. I object to that word. Very for-
bearing, rather.
Mr. LETCHER. Very forbearing; that is a
more suitable word. 1 ofler the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, Th;it ten thousand extia onpip* "!' t'nf npoiN
and uvulciicc m tilt' case! of Simmons, lor and on li.di.ill'of
Ukanuek tis. McMullin, he printed lor the um' ot tin- inrm-
bcis of the House.
I desire that the whole ease should be under-
stood. The other side of the House were very
ready some time ago to censure my colli ague,
[Mi. Mo.Mui.nx,] and I now w ish to know why
they have not introduced a resolution of censure
against Mr. Gramckr >
Mr. MORGAN. ! would ask the gentleman
if the chief witness, Major Chase, was not one
who was excluded from this House on the gen-
tleman's own motion last Congress? [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHEll. Mr. Broom confirms the
statement of Chase, and he has never been ex-
eluded fiom this House. Cuptam Tyler also
roniii nis it, and he has never been excluded. And
1 understand that all the witnesses concur in the
fact, that the conduct ot' General Gtrakgiir was
insulting and rude.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I move to lay the
resolution and reports of the select committee on
the table, and that they be piinted.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to make
an inquiry of the Chair. I believe the gentle-
man fiom Kentucky, [Mr. II. Marshall,] some
time since, offered a resolution, which was adopted,
calling upon the President of the United States
for the papers and proceedings of Mr. Fillmore,
while President, in regard to the pardon of Dray-
ton and Sayres. I wish to inquire whether that
resolution has been responded to by the Presi-
dent'
The SPEAKER. The papers have been re-
ceived, laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. What has become of the
resolution which 1 offered ?
The SPEAKER. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing, under the rules of the House.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. FLAGLER. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. Unless there be further re-
ports from the standing or select committees of
the House, resolutions are in order from the State
of New York.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask leave to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the House will procecd at once to tlie
consideration of the unfinished business of the last session,
taking up first such cases upon the Pnvate Calendar of the
House as remain unconsidered.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can be re-
ceived only by unanimous consent.
Mr. MATTESON, and others, objected.
The SPEAKER again stated that resolutions
were in order from the State of New York.
Mr. DODDa|ffercd the following resolution;
which was reau, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That all bill*, resolutions, and other matters
inferred to the standing committees of the Hou^e at the
first session of this Congress, upon which no reports have
been made, shall be returned informally to the Clerk, and
shall, by virtue of this resolution, stand recommitted, at the
commencement of .he next session, to said committees,
into whose possession the Clerk is hereby directed to re-
store them.
PAIRING OFF.
Mr. SyYGE. I offer a resolution, which I send
to (he Clerk, and upon it I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ORR. Has not the gentleman from New
York already offered one resolution? If so, it is
not in order for him to offer another.
Mr. WHEELER. I object to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York asks leave to present a resolution. It will
be read for information.
The resolution was read, and is as follows:
Whereas by the passage of " An act to regulate the com-
pensation of uiombfH of Congies;," appioved August 1G,
iA">o, it is made the duty of the Sergcaut-at-Arins of the
llou-e to deduct fiom the moruhiy payments of members,
ns thoiem provided lor, the amount of his compensation for
each dn.j, that such member shall be absent fiom the House,
unlej-s such Representative >hall assign as the leason lor
mm h absence the sickness of himself or of some member of
his family; and whereas the custom heietotore piacticed,
of pan nig off, was intended to be broken up by the passage
of riie atorementkmed act: Therefore,
J'r if ,cs<)!vcd, That .titer the passage of the Army appro-
pi!.uid!i bill lbi the fiscal vear ending the 30th of June,
is,,;, tins House will not e\cu-e any member fiom acting
or VMing m eou.Mj(|uence of hi- having paued off; and
that hereafter ail notices bv members ot pantng off be
enteied on the Journal ot tin-. House, stating the names of
the members paired otf, The date, the length of time it is to
run, and the lea^ous, u any, aligned lot making Mich pair;
ami (hat the Cleik furnish a statement of Mich entiie,-, to
the ^cigeant-at-Arms, so a-to i-iiahle that otlieer to make
the piopei deductions fiom the monthly compensation of
sii<-h members so paued off, as provided for by section six
01 N.ud act, heretoiore reieiied to.
Mr. CLINCMAN". I object to the introduc-
tion of that resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Yoik having already submitted one resolution
from that State, it is not m order for him to in-
troduce another.
Mr. COI3B, of Georgia. The House is evi-
dently unprepared to do anything to-day on the
fubjeet for which we were convened, and as we
have determined to act on no other subject, I
move that the House do now [one o'clock, p. m.]
adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man from Georgia will withdraw that motion.
Mr. COBB. I cannot.
Mr. SMITH. Then I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
when the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to
nii'^t on Friday next.
Mr. STEPHENS. If it be in order to name
a longer day, 1 move that when the House ad-
journs to-day it adjourn to me|t on the first Mon-
day m December.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I accept that.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the
House, it is not in order.
The question was taken on Mr. "Washburne's
motion; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. FULLER* of Maine, asked and obtained
leave to have published some remarks which he
had not had an opportunity of delivering in the
House.
The question was taken on Mr. Cobb's motion;
and it was decided m the negative—yeas G(>, nays
109; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Barkedale, Bell, BilhnghtH-st,
Bishop, Bliss, Boeoek, Bowie, Boyco, Branch, Buinett,
Lewis D. Campbell, Bajard Chuke, f-Iovvell Cobb, Colta.v,
Cragin, Craige, Crawford, Cullen, Denver, De Witt, Oodd,
Dowdell, Duun, Edmundson, Elliott, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Greenwood, Harlan, £amp>on W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, Holloway, Houston, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Kelly, Ktdwell, Lake, Letcher, Mace,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Morgan, Mouill. Orr,
Packer. Peck, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ritchie, Robi^on,
Kutiin, Rust, Savage, William R. Smith, Stephens, Stewait,
Tappan, Thorington, Ty&on, Wdlbrulge, Wmslow, John
V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—66.
NAYS — Messrs. Akeis, Albright, Allison, Call, Bar-
bour, Barclay, Henry Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett, Ben-
son, Bmgham, Biadsbaw, Brenton, Buffiiiton, Cadvvalader,
James II. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Cat-lac, Chaliee,
Ezra Clark, Clawson, Clingman, Williamson II W. Cobb,
Comtns, Covode, Cox, Cumbaek, Damrell, Davidson,
Hemy Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Dean, Dick, Dickson,
Dmfee, Edie, Edwards, Eimie, Etheudge, Evans, Faulk-
ner, Flagler, Floience, Galloway, Goode, Giangei, Gtovv,
J. Morn-son Han is, Hickman, Hoffman, Thomas U. Horton,
Howaid, Husrhston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight. Knowl-
ton, Knox, Kunkel, Letter, Liudley, Hnmphiey Maishall,
Matte-on, iMcCarty, McQueen, Kilhan Miller, Mill.-on,
Millward, Mott, Muriay, Norton, Parker, Pelton. Penning-
ton, Pettit, Pnngle, Purviance, Ricaud, Roberts, Sage, tvm-
didgc, Sapp, Scott, Sewaid,^Shorter, Simmons, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton,
Swope, Talhott, Taylor, Todd, Underwood, Vail. Wade,
Wakeman.Walker, Watnor,£lhim B. Wa-hburne, Welch,
Wheeler, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, Woodwoitli, and
Daniel 15. Wnght—109.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. ORR said that he had been requested by
his colleague, Mr. Brooks, to state that he had
paired off with Mr. Nichols until the termina-
tion of this extra session.
Mr. DUNN said: As the Senate has adjourned
I will change my vote. I vote " ay."
Resolutions being now in order from the State
of New York,
Mr. WAKEMAN offered the following reso-
lution, and called the previous question thereon;
Whereas, by the passage of "An act to regulate the com-
pensation of members ot Congress," appioved Augu-t 10,
lS5t5, it is made the duty of the Sergeant at Anih of the
House to dudu< t, from the monthly payments of member, as
thcicm provided tor, the amount of his compensation tor
each day that such member shall be absent from the Ilou^e,
unless such Representative ^hall as-ign as therea-on of
such absence the sickness of himself oi of some membev
of his family; and whereas the custom heretofoie piac-
ticed, of pairing off, was intended to be broken up by tiie
passage of the at'ore-mentioned act: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That after the passage of the Aimv appio-
priation bill for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 18-V7, this
Ilou-e will not excise any member lrom acting or voting in
ooni-equence of bi« having paired oft'; and that hereafter,
all notices bv meinbeis of pairing oil' be entered on the
Journal of the Hou>e, stating the names of the membeis
paued olF, the date, the length of tune it is to iuu. and the
rea-on>, if any, assumed for making *ueh pair; and that tho
Clerk fmni.-ha statement of such entries to the Peigeant-
at-Anns so as to enable that officer to make the piopei de-
duction^ fiom the monthly compen-ation of such niembeis
so paued oil, as piovided lor by section sax m said act heie-
tolbre lefeuod to.
Mr. ORR. I move a call of the House, f do
so m good faith; and I hope that the call will be
oidered, so that we may see who is absent.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to lay that resolu-
tion on the table.
Air. PHELPS. Oh, no; that resolution is
right.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, asked the yea sand nays
on the motion for a call of the House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr MILLSON. If the House now proceed
to business on the Speaker's table—the morning
hour having expired—will not the resolution of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wakeman]
come up first in order to-morrow morning?
The SPExV/CER. The resolution will be in
order whenever the State of New York shall be
called for resolutions.
Mr. MILLSON. Precisely. I am in favor of
the general objects of that resolution; but I would
now move, if in order, to proceed to business on
the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. Pending the motion for a
call of the House, that motion is not m oider.
Mr. MILLSON. I will indicate my object,
and then the gentleman from South Carolina
