185®.]
AP4*EffDIX TO TfiS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
66T
34th Cong..-1st Sess. Resolutions of Massachusetts, if c.—Mr. Hunter, Mr. Mason.
Senate.
I know, sir, that the report has, as the Senator
from New York said, been treated with great
contumely at the North. That ia not a thing
which disturbs me in the least, so iar as I am per-
sonally concerned. I have been treated very cav-
alierly by some of the papers at the North, oa at
least one other occasion. I saw it called in one
of the northern papera—a paper over which the
Senator from New York has perhaps, or ought
to have, as much influence as any other states-
man—a mean, contemptible, shuffling report.
Mr. SEWARD. What paper is that?
Mr. PEARCE. The New York Tribune.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg to inform the honor-
able Senator that there is no man on earth, ex-
cept one, who has any control over that paper,
and of all men the Senator from New York has
lees. He has no connection with any newspaper
directly or indirectly, and is never tne author of,
and never responsible for, anything said in any
newspaper of the world.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 scarcely know whether to
be glad or sorry at that announcement. On the
whole, 1 believe I regret it; for I am satisfied that
such things as I have seen in that paper would
never proceed from the Senator from New York,
even in the most extreme inflammation of political
excitement. He is not in the habit of indulging
in virulence, or even in discourtesy, however ex-
treme his political opinions may be.
Mr. SEWARDi I hope the honorable Sena-
tor will excuse me for intemapting him, as he is
putting me in a false position. Though I have
no connection with that paper, I hold it to be one
of the greatest oracles of truth that ever appeared
in the fonn of a printing press since the days of
Faust.
Mr. PEARCE. Well, sir, there is no form of
delusion that has not prevailed at some time or
other, and no monstrous error which has not had
its disciples and followers. [Laughter.] This,
however, did not trouble me for another reason.
I remembered that for what I considered very
inoffensive remarks made by me last year, I was
denounced in the columns of that paper; and its
editors said they were perfectly satisfied from the
character of those remarks, (whichl had thought
exceedingly temperate and moderate, and cer-
tainly intended to be the very reverse of dis-
respectful, towards a gentleman whom I held,
and still hold, in the highest consideration and
regard, as a man of distinguished ability, honor,
and patriotism,) that it was in vain «ver to expect
to see the graduation of a decent and respectable
gentleman from the South. That is the Senator's
oracle of truth. [Laughter.]
I was, therefore, not at all surprised at what
it said in this case. I am glad to hear that the:
Senator does not concur with his " oracle of
truth" in the opinion of my report. The report
was intended to be temperate, certainly; and I
may say for all the committee as for myself, that
not a word fell from any of them, in tne course
of their investigations, which indicated anything
like personal feeling or political prejudice. I am
satisfied that the report was most conscientiously
made. I believe it to be just and true, legally.
I think the Senator from Virginia is entirely mis-
taken in liis construction of the report,.and of the
principle upon whijh it rests.
The committee did not seek to inflame public
excitement; to encourage discords which threaten
to rend us asunder; to magnify into a national
outrage what, in its worst aspect, was an indi-
vidual offense, or to influence the result of the
proceedings in the case, with a view either to
shield the party, or to make him the victim of
sectional antipathies or schemes.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to correct -some mis-
apprehension which seems to have existed in
regard to the line of argument that I pursued. I
will say to my friend from Maryland, that he
entirely misapprehends me, if he supposes that I
said his report was not founded on American
cases. 1 said, distinctly, that it was; that he had
American precedents to justify him in his report.
I said, further, that when it was made I acqui-
esced in it, believing it to be right, and that it was.
only on further examination that I came to the
conclusion we had made a mistake as to the par-
liamentary law.
It was in reference to those American prece-
dents upon which his report was founded, that I
said I believed—of course I said it with great dif-
fidence and deference, still it was my opinion—we
had been misled by mistaken analogies between
our powers and those of the English House of
Commons. It was to those precedents I applied
that remark. But I said, further, that just as the
decision of the English House of Commons, in
relation to their own privileges, had been set aside
. in many instances since they came under the
: revision.of the courts of law, so I believed many
of the principles laid down in these American
Erecedents would be found, when they come to
e criticised by our courts of law, to have carried
i the doctrine quite too far.
I was very far, sir, from censuring the report
of the Senator from Maryland. I believe it was
in accordance with those precedents. I know
that the committee were guided by none but the
best possible motives, and that they discharged
a painful duty in the manner which seemed to
them best. Indeed, when they made their report
i acquiesced in it; I believed they were right. It
was only on subsequent examination that I came
to the conclusion it was a mistake. I said that,
if i had been called upon, without reference to
those precedents, <S priori to give a theory of priv-
ilege, I should have given a different one; and I
understand the Senator from Maryland to say
he would probably have given a different one if
there had been no precedents to overrule or guide
him.
Mr. PEARCE. I said some members of the
committee. There were opinions intimated to
that effect in the committee.
Mr. HUNTER. I did admit that we could
derive privileges, not only from the absolute
grant in- the Gonatitution of the United States,
hut that, according to the doctrine of the Su-
preme Court in Dunn's case, we could imply
them so fur as was necessary to protect our own
existence; and as to the measure to which we
should thus apply them in regard to questions of
what would be necessary to protect our own
existence, I would probably differ, not only from
the decision of that court, but from some of the de-
cisions which have been given in the two Houses..
But I especially said, that we were happily re-
lieved, in this case, from looking into that matter,
because here was an instance in which the speech
had been published and circulated; and, accord-
ing to the precedent in Stockdale's case, and ac-
cording to the reason of the case, he could no.
longer claim protection under the plea of privilege.
I did not say, a* has been imputed to me by
the Senator from New York, that the member
from South Carolina had a right to attack the
Senator from Massachusetts. On the contrary,
I said that the remedy, for it was in the courts of
law, and the Senator could pursue his remedy
and protect himself by the same means by which
a citizen could protect himself; that if the courts
of law were sufficient to protect a citizen from
assault, they were sufficient to protect a Senator.
This is what I said. I never said that a man had
a right to assail and beat a Senator for words
spoken indebate, or for wordspublished by him.
1 never said any such thing; but I said he was
amenable, for an assault made, in a court of law,
and not here; and that even in England the doc-
trine of privilege was restricted, not to words
published and circulated, but to words spoken in
debate. That was the ground I took.
In regard to the decision of the Supreme Court
to which the Senator from Maryland refers^ I
admit it does take the ground that we may imply
all those privileges which are necessary to pro-
tectour own existence. To that extent I did not
dispute it; but we might differ, and I do differ,
from some of the precedents established by the
House of Representatives, as to what are the
cases in which we are bound to act in order to
protect our own existence. 1 think they are lim-
ited—limited, perhaps, as far as I can conceive
the cases now.—to offenses committed within our
own view and our own presence. I will not say
that there may be nothing beyond this that would
come within the doctrine of privilege, but I say,
if there be, I do not just now perceive it.
Mr. MASON. I do not mean to prolong this
debate; for, even if th«re -Ware no other reason,
the usual hour of adjournment has arrived; but 1
understand that the honorable Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Foster] desires the floor to
continue the discussion on the main question. I
cheerfully yield to him; and •With a View to the
request I am about to make to the Senate to allow
me to offer a resolution which is germane to this
subject, I move that the further consideration of
the bill be postponed until to-morrow, at one
o'clock, and be made the special order for that
time.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Chair be good enough
to state what is the question ? Is it concerning the
Massachusetts resolutions?
j The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
! the chair.) The Massachusetts resolutions, the
' Chair will state, present no question for the actiow
of the Senate. They were simply taken up in
connection with the Kansas bill; nut the question-
directly pending before tlhe Senate ison the prop-
osition offered by the Senator fromMeW Yorfc,
[Mr. Seward,] as an amendment, in the form of
I a substitute for the bifl reported by the Commit-
tee on Territories. Is the Senate ready for the
vote on the postponement of that question ?
; Mr. WELLER. I believe there- have been
two or three bills on the same subject introduced-
since that report was made from the Committee-
on Territories. They were referred to the Com-
mitteeon Territories,and I think the better plan
would be to postpone the discussion on this whole
question until that committee have again report-
ed. If not, when is this debate to terminate ? Why
not wait until the Committee on Territories have#
made a final report on this whole subject ? There-
are a great many important bills which, in my
judgment, ought to be taken up and acted on- by
the Senate. I am inclined , therefore, to make the
motion now, to recommit thisbill, with theamend-
ment, to the Committee on Territories, in order
that that committee may have the consideration
1 of the whole subject before them. I understand
that the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,]
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Gbter,] and the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toomb*,] have pre-
sented separate bills, which have all been referred
to the Committee on Territories. Why not, then,
recommit this bill, with the pending amendment,
to the Committee on Territories,- and postpone
this discussion until the question comes properly
before us? At all events, I make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to postpone takes precedence of the motion of the
Senator from California. ■
Mr. WILSON.- I hope the Senator from
California will withdraw his motion, and allow
the further consideration Of this bill to be post-
poned until one o'clock to-morrow, to allow the
Senator from Connecticut, who has for several
days sought the floor, to make a speech, and then
the matter may go over until next week.
Mr. BROWN and others. Let that be done.
Mr. BUTLER. I have observed that the Sen-
ator from Connecticut has two or three times
contended for the floor; and perhaps there is a
propriety in his speaking to-morrow. I hope that,
by common consent, he will be allowed to do so.
Several Senators. Certainly.
Mr. WELLER. I am sure there is no Senator
here whom I would treat with more courtesy than
the Senator from Connecticut. 1 had heard other
Senators say that he desired to-speak, but I had
not the slightest intimation from him that he did.
Mr. SEWARD and others. He has the floor
now.
Mr. WELLER. Very well. There is a-great
deal done in the Senate when I am not here, and
very likely this may have been done in that way.
I shall therefore postpone this motion until after
the Senator from Connecticut shall have been
heard to-morrow; but I shall then undoubtedly
ask for a vote of the Senate on the question to
recommit this bill to the Committee on Territo-
ries, in order that we may "not have any further
| discussion of the subject until we-are reaay to vote
! on it. The next-time it is debated there ought to
be some-vote. I withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
postpone the further consideration of the bill until
to-morrow-at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
