1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1403
Senator who never makes assaults! But not con-
tent with assaulting Mr. Sumner, he winds up
his speech by a tauntatBoston philanthropy."
Surely no person ever scattered assault more
freely 1
I have almost done. But something has oc-
curred this session which illustrates the Senator's
manner. Not content with making his own
speeches, he interrupted the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Geyer,] and desired him to insert in
his speech an assault on Massachusetts. Here
are his words;
" I wish my friend would incorporate into his speech an
old law of Massachusetts which I have found. I would
remind my friend of an old league between the four New
England States, made while they were colonies, expressly
repudiating trial by jury for the reclamation of fugitive
slaves. They called them ' slaves,' too, or rather< fugitive
servants,' and they say they shall be delivered up on the
certificate of one magistrate."
Here is another instance of the Senator's loose-
ness of assertion, even on law, upon the knowl-
edge of which he has plumed himself in this
debate. Sir, there were no slaves in Massachu-
setts at that day. The lawalludcd to was passed
in 1643. It was not until 1646, three years after-
wards, that the first slaves were imported into
Massachusetts from the coast of Africa, and these
very slaves were sent back to their native land at
public expense. The following is a verbatim
copy of the remarkable statute by which these
Africans were returned to Guinea, at the expense
of the Commonwealth:
" The general court, conceiving themselves bound by the
first opportunity to bear witness against the heinous and
crying sin of man-stealing, also to prescribe such timely
redress for what is past, and such a law for the future us
may sufficiently deter all those belonging to us tn have to do
in such vile and most odious conduct, justly abhorred by all
good and just men, do order that the negro interpreter, with
others unlawfully taken, be, by the first opportunity, at the
charge of the colony, for the present, sent to his native
country of Guinea, and a letter with him, of the indignation
of the court thereabout, and justice thereof."
In the face of this act of 164G the learned Sena-
tor from South Carolina wished his friend from
Missouri to incorporate into his speech a false
accusation against Massachusetts and the New-
England colonies. And he went so far as to as-
sert that this old law contained an allusion to
"slaves," when the word "slaves" was not
mentioned, and "servants" only was employed.
Sir, I might here refer to the assault made by
the Senator from South Carolina on the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] in which he taunted
that Senator with being a clergyman, and modest-
ly toM him in the face of the country that " he un-
derstood Latin as well as that Senator understood
English!"
Mr. BUTLER. I never taunted any gentle-
man with being a clergyman; and the Senator
from Iowa will not say so. 1 said that I had re-
spcct for his vocation; but when he attempted to
correct my speech, I put him right.
Mr. WILSON. Whether it was a taunt or
not, the Senator disclaims its being so, and I ac-
cept the disclaimer; but I apprehend it was not
intended as a compliment to the Senator from
Iowa, or that it was received as such by that Sen-
ator, particularly when taken in connection with
the other taunting assumption of the Senator from
South Carolina, that he "understood Latin as
well as that Senator understood English."
Thus has Mr. Sumner been by the Senator from
South Carolina systematically assailed in this
body from the 28th of July, 1852, up to the pres-
ent time—a period of nearly four years. He has
applied to my colleague every expression calcu-
lated to wound the sensibilities of an honorable
man, and to draw down upon him sneers,obloquy,
and hatred, in and out of the Senate. In my
place here, I now pronounce these continued as-
saults upon my colleague unparalleled in the his-
tory of the Senate.
I come now to speak for one moment of the
late speech of my colleague, which is the alleged
cause of the recent assault upon him; and which
the Senator from South Carolina has condemned
so abundantly. That speech,—a thorough and
fearless exposition of what Mr. Sumner entitled
the "Crime against Kansas,"—from beginning
to end, is marked by entire plainness. Things
are called by their right names. The usurpation
in Kansas is exposed, and also the apologies for
it, successively. No words were spared which
seemed necessary to this exhibition. In arraign-
ing the crime, it was natural to speak of those who
sustained it. Accordingly, the Administration is
constantly held up to condemnation. Various
Senators who have vindicated this Crime are at
once answered and condemned. Among these
are the Senator from South Carolina, the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] and the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Geyer.] The Senatorfrom South
Carolina now complains of Mr. Sumner's speech.
Surely it is difficult to see on what ground that
Senator can make any such complaint. The
speech was indeed severe,—severe as truth,—but
in all respects parliamentary. It is true that it
handles the Senator from South Carolina freely,
but that Senator had spoken repeatedly in the
course of the Kansas debate, once at length and
elaborately, and at other times more briefly, and
foisting himself into the speeches of other Sen-
ators, and identifying himself completely with
the crime which my colleague felt it his duty to
arraign It was natural,therefore,that his course
in the debate, and his position, should be partic-
ularly considered. And in this work Mr. Sumner
had no reason to hold back when he ihought of
the constant, and systematic, and ruthless attacks
which, utterly without cause, he had received
from that Senator. The only objection which the
Senator from South Carolina can reasonably make
to Mr. Sumner is, that he struck a strong blow.
The Senator complains that the speech was
Erinted before it was deliveied. Here, again, is
is accustomed inaccuracy. It is true that it was
in the printer's hands, and was mainly in type,
but it received additions and revisions after its
delivery, and was not put to press till then.
Away with this petty objection! The Senator
says that twenty thousand copies have gone to
England. Here, again, is his accustomed inac-
curacy. If they have gone, it is without Mr.
Sumner's agency. But the Senator foresees the
truth. Sir, that speech will go to England; it
will go to the continent of Europe; it has gone
over the country, and has been read by the Amer-
ican people as no speech ever delivered in this
body was read before. That speech will go down
to coming ages. Whatever men may say of its
sentiments—and coming ages will indorse its
sentiments—it will be placed among the ablest
parliamentary efforts of our own age, or of any
age.
The Senator from South Carolina tells us that
the speech is to be condemned, and he quotes the
venerable and distinguished Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Cass.] I do not know what Mr.
Sumner could stand. The Senator says he could
not stand the censure of the Senator from Mich-
igan. I could; and I believe there are a great
many in this country whose powers of endurance
are as great as my own. I have great respect for
that venerable Senator; but the opinions of no
Senator here are potential in the country. This
is a Senate of equals. The judgment of the
country is to be made up on the records formed
here. The opinions of the Senator from Mich-
igan, and of other Senators here, arc to go into
the record, and will receive the verdict of the peo-
ple. By that I am willing to stand.
The Senator from South Carolina tells us that
the speech is to be condemned, it has gone out
to the country. It has been printed by the mil-
lion. It has been scattered broadcast amongst
seventeen millions of northern freemen who can
read and write. The Senator condemns it; South
Carolina condemns it; but SouLh Carolina is only
a part of this Confederacy, and but a part of the
Christian and civilized world. South Carolina
makes rice and cotton, but South Carolina con-
tributes little to make up the judgment of the
Christian and civilized world. 1 value her rice
and cotton more than I do her opinions on ques-
tions of scholarship and eloquence, of patriotism
or of liberty.
Mr. President, I have no desire to assail the
Senator from South Carolina, or any other Sen-
ator in this body; but I wish to say now, that we
have had quite enough of this asserted superior-
ity, social and political. We were told, some
time ago, by the Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Clay,] that those of us who entertained certain
sentiments fawned upon him and other southern
men, if they permitted us to associate with them.
This is strange language to be usedm this body.
I never fawned upon that Senator. I never sought
his acquaintance, and I do not know that I should
feel myself honored if I had it. I treat him aa
an equal here—I wish always to treat him respect-
fully ; but when he tells me or my friends that we
fawn upon him or his associates, I say to him
that I have never sought, and never shall seek,
any other acquaintance than what official inter-
course requires, with a man, who declared on the
floor of the Senate, that he would do what Henry
Clay once said " no gentleman could do"—hunt
a fugitive slave.
The Senator from Virginia—not now in his
seat, [Mr. Mason,] when Mr. Sumner closed his
speech, saw fit to tell the Senate that his hands
would be soiled by contact with ours. The Sena-
tor is not here; 1 wish he were. I have simply
to say that 1 know nothing in that Senator, moral,
intellectual, or physical, which entitles him to use
such language towards members of the Seriate, or
any portion of God's creation. I know nothing
in the Slate from which he comes, rich as it is in
the history of the past, that entitles him to speak
in such a manner. I am not here to assail Vir-
ginia. God knows I have not a feeling in my
heart against her or against her public men; but
I "do say it is time that these arrogant assump-
tions ceased here. This is no place for assumed
social superiority, as though certain Senators held
the keys of cultivated and refined society. Sir,
they do nothold the keys, and they shall nothold
over me the plantation whip.
I wish always to speak kindly towards every
man in this body. Since I came here I have
never asked an introduction to a southern mem-
ber of the Senate, not because I have any feelings
against them, for God knows I have not; but I
knew that they believed 1 held opinions hostile
to their interests, and 1 supposed they would not
desire my society. I have never wished to ob-
trude myself on their society so that certain Sen-
ators could do with me, as. they have boasted they
did with others—refuse to receive their advances,
or refuse to recognize them on the floor of the
Senate. Sir, there is not a Coolie in the Guano
islands of Peru who does not think the Celestial
Empire the whole universe. There are a great
many men who have swung the whip over the
plantation who thinkthey not only rule the plant-
ation, but make up the judgment of the wdrld,
and hold the keys not only to political power, as
they have done in this country, but to social life.
The Senator from South Carolina assails the
resolutions of my State with his accustomed loose-
ness, as springing from ignorance, passion, pre-
judice, excitement. Sir, the testimony before the
House committee sustains all that is contained in
those resolutions. Massachusetts has spoken
her opinions; and although the Senator has quoted
the Boston Courier to-day—and 1 would not rob
him of any consolation he can derive from that
source—I know Massachusetts, and 1 can' tell
him that, of the one million two hundred thou-
sand people of Massachusetts, you cannot find
in the State one thousand—Administration office-
holders included—who do not look with loath-
ing and execration upon the outrage on the
person of their Senator, and the honor of their
State. The sentiment of Massachusetts, of New
England, of the North, approaches Unanimity.
Massachusetts has spoken her opinions. The
Senator is welcome to assail them, if he chooses;
but they are on the record. They are made up
by the verdict of herpcople, and they understand
the question, and from their verdict there is no
appeal.
Mr. President, I have spoken freely; I shall
continue always to speak freely. I seek no con-
troversy with any man; but I shall express my
sentiments frankly, and the more frankly because
on this floor my colleague has been smitten down
for words spoken in debate, and because theie
are those who, unmindful of the Constitution of
their country, claim the right thus to question us.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I shall not
detain the Senate long. I do not blame the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, standing here alone, as
he does, for vindicating his colleague._ On the
contrary, I rather sympathize with him, for I
have a little of the manhood of the olden times
left in me on that subject. When, however, ha
goes back to those old reports previous to June,
1854, it goes to prove to me what I am sori'y to
find myself correct in believing, that mortified
vanity, arising from former conflicts, was the
