1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
ELECTIONS IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The regular order
of business is the resolution reported from the
Committee of Elections, is it not?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Meaciiam] reported, some days ago, a bill
to regulate elections in the District of Columbia,
the consideration of which was, 011 my motion,
postponed till this day. I ask what will be its
condition if it be not reached to-day?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the postponement still keeps the bill before the
House, and that it will come up immediately
after the resolution from the Committee of Elec-
tions is disposed of.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. At the time that bill
was postponed, was it made the special order
from day to day?
The SPEAKER. It was nut. It was simply
postponed.
Mr. COBB. Then I doubt very much whether
it will come up regularly as the business in order
after the resolution of the Committee of Elections
is disposed of, unless it was made the special order
from day to (lay. To avoid any difficulty of that
kind, I would suggest to the gentleman from
Tennessee to move to postpone the consideration
of the bill till Thursday next. In all probability
this question will be disposed of to-day or to-
morrow, and the bill can be considered on Thurs-
day. I doubt whether, on examination, it will be
found that where a bill is postponed till a day
certain, it comes up at any other day, unless it
was made the special order from day to day, or
unless, having been taken up, it comes up as un-
finished business.
The SPEAKER. The order of the House is
interrupted by a privileged question; and the
Chair understands that the order will take effect
after it js disposed of.
Mr. COBB. That is so, if the question be
determined to-day, but I suggest to the Speaker
that, supposing this question not to be determined
until to-morrow, then the time having elapsed to
which the bill was postponed, the order of the
House has no effect. It only operates for the
day to which it is postponed, unless it is made
the special order from day to day.
Mr. JONES. To avoid any difficulty of this
sort, and to remove any doubt about the ques-
tion, I move, with the permission of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] that the con-
sideration of the bill be further postponed until
Thursday next.
Mr. CARLILE. I suggest that it be post-
poned till some day next week—say Monday—
as I wish to examine that bill.
Mr. JONES. The bill is printed; it is very
short and simple in its provisions, and itis very
important that it should pass at an early day. 1
would prefer, therefore, to have it postponed till
Thursday next. Any gentleman can get a copy
of the bill by sending to the document room. U
is there ready for him, and has been for some
days.
Air. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to amend
by postponing till this day week.
Air. JONi^S. If it be the will of the House to
make it the special order of that day, I have no
objection.
Air. CAMPBELL. I am opposed to making
it a special order.
The question was taken, and Air. Campbell's
amendment was agreed to.
The motion, as amended, was then agreed to.
VINCENNES LAND OFFICE.
Mr. BRENTON, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Public Lands, a
bill to continue the land offcee at Vincenncs,
Indiana, and to ascertain and adjust the titles to
certain lands m the States of Indiana and Illinois,
formerly included within the Vincenncs land dis-
trict; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
BOOKS FOR MEMBERS,
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved hv the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Stain, of ±lmiricu in Con^resi assembled, That
mmittee^c
rinted. /
. V
each of the new members of the two Houses of Congress
bo Mipplu-'d with the same number and description of such
books of a public character as were supplied to cach mem-
ber of the Senate or House of Representatives during the last
Congress,: Provided, They be furnished by the publishers
at prices not exceeding: those at winch they have been here-
tofore supplied, for the use of the membersof either House.
Mr. HOUSTON.' I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. THORINGTON, by unanimous consent,
presented a memorial from the Legislature of
Minnesota, asking* a grant of land to aid in the
improvement of the navigation of the Minnesota
river, heretofore referred to the Committee, on
Public Lands; and asked to have it printed
It was so ordered.
KANSAS ELECTION,
The SPExiKER. The regular order o£ busi-
ness is the consideration of the following resolu-
tion, reported by the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections, in the con-
tested-election case from the Termory of Kansas, be, and
arc hereby, empowered to send tor person:* and papers, and
to examine witnesses upon oath or affirmation.
To which the following amendment was of-
fered as a substitute by the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Bennett:]
Resolved, That Joseph II. Bradley and Sidney S. Baxter,
E^rjs., of the city of Washington, be, and they are hereby,
appointed commissioners foi and on behalf of this House,
to take depositions and obtain pioce^s by taking copies of
all such documents as may be desiml by either paity, or
their agents oi attorneys, in regard to the contested seat of
Hon. Mi. Whitfield, a^ Delegate tor Kansas, under the peti-
tion of Hon. Mr. lleedei ; that said Bradley and Baxter be,
and they are hereby, clothed with full power to adopt all
needful means to elicit cleai and full pioot upon all points
whieh the parties, respectively may submit to them as facts
they, or cither of them, desjie to establish or controvert;
that they shall give to the pauses icspectively wntten and
Reasonable notice of the tune and place at which they will
be le.uly to proceed in taking such depositions, and may
adjourn the same to other tune- and places as, in their judg-
ment and disci otion, will tend to the full and perfect elicit-
ing of the tiuth touching all ! ueh contiovorted matters;
and that, when they .-.hall have completed their labor*, they
report the same to this House.
The question pending is upon the motion of
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.Bennett,]
to recommit to the Committee of Elections, with
the following instructions:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections, in examining
and judging ot the elections, returns, and qualifications"
ofpois,ons claiming to have been elec'ed I'cpiescntativesof
Spates, or Delegates ot' Ten itories which have been duly
oigani7,cd by Uongtess, shall exclude fioin their considera-
tion the claims of all peisons who fail to show that the elec-
tion under which they claim to have been elected a Repre-
sentative or Delegate was held w pursuance oi the law* of
tite State or Tenitory sought to be represented by such
claimant or claimants, or was elected m pursuance of a law
of the United States loi the government ot such election.
Resolved further, That in the opinion of this House no
Repiosonta'live of a Btdto of the Union, and no Delegate of
a Territory ouranized by Congress, cam nihtfully be admitted
to a seat in tfn- {louse except in pmsuance o) law.
Raoh ed further, That the Committee of Elections are,
heieby mstiuoted to pui.Min their investigations m accoul-
anee with the foiegoing punciples.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia, addressed the House
for an hour. His speech will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. GRANGER obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask my
friend from New York to give way to me for a
moment to read an extract from the Globe of the
last Congress, in order to confirm the statement 1
made this morning in reference to the declarations
and admissions, as to incursions, in November,
IS54, from Missouri upon Kansas, made upon
this floor a year ago. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Mace] to whom!referred, made use
of the following language December 13, 3854:
" But if the common rumoi is true, a systematic effort has
been made by citizens of the fiontiei ofMiv^outi. aided by
a distinguished citizen of that Stale, now there—at least, he
is not heic—to shape the institutions of that Territory, anil
establish slavoiy, by tmpiupermcan*. Hundicds, ay. thou-
sands of men ha\e been M-nt into Kan^riom Missouri and
elsewhere, without the intention of making a pennanent
home theie at all, tor the puipose of electing, as Delegate
upon this floor from that Tenitory, a gentleman who is said
to he, bo aa fide, a citizen of the State of Missouri. 'What a
state of things, then, has the repeal of that compromise al-
leady pioduced, and to what may it not lead !"
In reply to that the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Oliver] says:
" How stands the case with repaid to the people of Mis-
souu? The gentleman has preferied his ehaiges against
them upon mere newspaper minors. Suppose it weie so;
suppose the charges were well founded, what of it then?
Who &ot the ihst'cuuuple of organization for the purpose
of continuing the sabjeet ot slavery m the Territory of Kan-
sas? Wheie did we first get tiie example ot an organization
of hireling-; of men bought up and sent outto Kaunas upon
one idea? And for what purpose ? To prevent slavery from
being established in that Territory."
Then followed this discussion:
" Mr. Washburn. That is the first commentary which
we have—the first practical exposition—of the beautiful
doctrine of popular sovereignty i These Individuals, living
in Missouri, not in Kansas, and not intending to reside"
there, I have heard and believe, have gone over there in."
sufficient numbers to have controlled the election hi the
Tenitory. I understand the gentleman from Missouri him-'
self [Mr. Oliver] to have, in substance, admitted the truth"
of this statement; for. thouch he does not actually state that
such was the case, he justices the fact of these men going
there on the giound that emigiation societies were |oimea
in the North to control the political institutions of the Ter-
ritory. ff emigration societies have been formed for that
purpose, what justification does that give to the citizens of
Missouri to go there, not as emigrants, but simply for the
purpose of voting at the election, and none other? Sir, no-
body believes that emigrants have gone from New England
to Kansas for such a purpose as that.
"Mr. Oliver. The gentleman from Maine somewhat
misiepresents me. I did not concede, nor did I intend to
concede, directly orindnectly, that any people have gone
from Missouri to Kansas for the purpose of aiding in con-
tiollmg the election, who did not intend to reside there per-
manently.
" Mr. Washburn. I ask the gentleman from Missouri,
whether or not, from information that he has received, he
believes that many individuals have gone from Missouri to
Kansas to vote at the election, who have since returned
and now reside in Missouri ?
i( Mi. Oliver. I am not here to give credence to vague
newspaper reports, nor will I believe them.
Mr. Washburn. Then I understand the gentleman to
say he does not believe the facts, as 1 have supposed them
to exist?
" Mi. Oliver. I have no knowledge of the fact."
I have read these extracts simply for the pur-
pose of furnishing to the House the reasons and
grounds I had for saying that it was declared in
the House last session, that large numbers of men
had gone into Kansas from Missouri to influence
the first Delegate election there. I believe thatit
was substantially admitted as true by the gentle-
man from Missouri, he having said that from
which such an inference was, as I thought, direct
and inevitable.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Maine lias quoted from my remarks made
during the last session of Congress, for the pur-
pose of establishing his proposition, that I had
admitted that, at the election held on the 29th of
November, 1854, for a Delegate to Congress from
Mr. WASHBURN. Substantially.
Mr. OLIVER. That I admitted that people
had gone into Kansas from Missouri simply to
vote and control the election in that Territory.
I was surprised at the time the gentleman made
the assertion this morning, in view of the remem-
brance of facts which occurred between us at the
last session, that he should have dared to place
that construction upon my remarks. I then made
my express disclaimer of any intention of being
understood in any such manner. The gentleman
from Maine then charged me with having sub-
stantially admitted the facts to which I have re-
ferred. I replied, <{Tlie gentleman from Maine
somewhat misrepresents me; I did not concede,
nor did I intend to concede, directly or indirectly,
that any people have gone from Missouri to Kan-
sas for the purpose of aiding in controlling the
election, who have since returned and now reside
in Missouri." He then proceeds further to ask
me if the newspapers did not report such to be
the fact ? I told him that I gave no credence to
newspaper reports, and that I had no evidence of
the fact, nor did I then believe it. Then, sir, the
very authority the gentleman relies upon proves
that 1 never did say so; but on the contrary I ex-
pressly disclaimed any such expression, or inten-
tion to make any such expression.
Mr. WASHBURN. Mr. Speaker, I referred
to the Globe of last year merely to give the
House my authority for saying what I did; and
it is for the House to judge whether or not I am
sustained by the record. I do not believe that my
friend from Missouri [Mr. Oliver] and myself
disagree very much whether or not Misgourians
did go over to Kansas in November, 1854.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I hope the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Ghanger] will allow me
to make a suggestion here in reference to the
time when a vote shall be taken upon this ques-
tion.
Mr. GRANGER. I will yield a moment.
Mr. COBB. I was only going to make a sug-1
; gestion in reference to that matter, so that the
House might understand the hour when the vote
will be taken. I would suggest to the chairman
