36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
ions I have a great regard, and whose friendship
1 highly prize; but a. sense of public d uty impelled
me to the course which I saw proper to pursue.
As an American Senator, I desired to wipe out
from the statute-book of one of the Territories
of the United States, laws which, in my judg-
ment, werfein violation-of the Constitution. This
duty was imposed upon me in the character of a
Senator, to take every opportunity in my power
to prevent the execution of those laws in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas; and, as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, having a direct con-
nection with the War Department of the Govern-
ment, I was anxious to do all in my power to
facilitate the passage of the Army appropriation
bill through the other branch of Congress. I
desired,if I could, to compromise and conciliate
—for I will compromise whenever I can do it
without a violation of principle. Whilst I am a
party man in every sense of the term, I can never
sacrifice the obligations which are imposed on me
as a Senator to promote the interests of our com-
mon country at the shrine of party. I should be
unworthy of the seat I now occupy if I did not
regard my official duty paramount to the obliga-
tions of party.
I was anxious, I say, to facilitate, if possible,
the passage of the Army appropriation bill in the
other branch of Congress. What I sought to
attain was simply this: I desired first to repeal
laws which were not only unconstitutional, but
exceedingly odious to me and a large portion of
the American people; and at the same time 1 in-
dulged the hope that it rnight facilitate the settle-
ment of this unfortunate difficulty between the
two branches of Congress; but I was not met m
a spirit of conciliation or compromise on the other
side of the Chamber. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] immediately proposed an
amendment to that bill which he knew would be
objectionable to the majority of this body, and
which he knew full well could never receive the
sanction of those with whom I am politically as-
sociated. Not content with taking the repeal of
those odious measures as the best thing which
he could effect, he sought to embarrass it by
offering an amendment which brought up the
whole question of slavery, and denied the funda-
mental principle upon which the Territory was
organized. 1 mean the right of the people to
settle thcirdomestic institutions in theirown way,
ami according to the dictate* of their judgment.
The organic act had conceded to them tins right,
and his amendment sought to deprive them of it.
This is the manner in which this proposition
has been received by the Senators on the other
side. The effort which was made on my part to
conciliate is met by attempting to load it down
with amendments which they know, as 1 have
already said, never could be enacted into a law.
I do not regret it. If i could make any compro-
mise now which does not require the sacrifice of
principle on my part, in order to settle this diffi-
culty, I stand ready to make it. I have no pride
in regard to this matter. There is no exasper-
ated feelings on my part towards the House of
Representatives. 1 am anxious to do all 1 can to
prevent the defeat of the Army appropriation
bill, but it seems that it has become at last a mere
question of physical cndiuance. Here we are kept
from day to day, depending on the chances of
another member getting in to-day, or one being
stricken down by disease to-morrow. We are
day after day sitting hem, waiting the action of
the House of Representatives, with scarcely a
hope of a satisfactory adjustment of the difficulty.
It was with the hope that tins proposition of mine
would be met in a spirit of compromise on the
other side that it was introduced. Anxious us I
am to return home, 1 have not felt at liberty to
abandon my post. 1 feel that I have discharged
my duty, and this was all 1 desired.
Mr. HUNTER. I renew my motion to lay
the bill on the table.
Mr. WILSON. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. As this bill constitutes one
section of the bill which was introduced by the
honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
with whom I have paired off, 1 am bound to pre-
sume he himself would vote against this motion
to iay on the table; and, therefore, taking the re-
sponsibility of justifying myself to him for my
vote, I shall vote " no.'' i
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to state that my
colleague, [Mr. Slidell,] if present, would vote
to lay this bill on the table. He has been com-
pelled to leave the Senate by ill-health. He has
been suffering for a month past, and would remain,
if necessary, for the purpose of carrying out those
constitutional views which he and I in common
entertain; but his ill-health was such thatl thought
it imperative that he should leave the city for some
time; and, carrying out my advice, and that of
other friends, he yielded, though with reluctance,
to leave his post here.
Mr. CASS. My colleague [Mr. Stuart] is
absent from sickness. As the Senate knows, he
has been in a very bad condition for some time;
and I strenuously urged him to go away. He
regretted the necessity, but finally yielded to the
advicc of his friends. There is no need of my
saying how he would vote if he were here.
Everybody knows that.
Mr. BUTLER. It is due to my colleague,
[Mr. Evans,] who is as devoted to his duties as
any man who has served here as long as he has,
that I should say he is absent on account of
sickness. Otherwise he would be here.
Mr. FOOT. As apologies for absent col-
leagues seem to be m order, I have to say that
my colleague [Mr. Collamer] left the city for
his home at the close of the late session, leaving
it with me, however, to notify him by telegraph,
if in my judgment his presence was necessary
here. 1 have not seen the occasion, as yet, to
give him the notice. How he would vote if he
were present is well understood by all.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 11; as follows:
YE.\S—Messrs. Adam-t, Alien, ttayard. Benjamin, Bisrgs,
Riglei, Blight, lirodhead, lirown, Uinloi, Uiu,s, Clay. Dodtje,
Dou^la:-, CJejcr, Iluniei, Ivc^on, Johnson, Jones of T< rt-
Mallorv, Mason, t'eaiee, Pratt, Pugli, ileul, Sebas-
tian, Touroy, and Welter—
MAYS—iVle^-^rs. Belt oi Tennessee, Clayton, Cuttendcn,
Foot, Foster, Harlan, Houston, Sewaid, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—11.
So the bill was ordered to lie on the table
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to considerthc message yesteiday received
from the House of Representatives, announcing
that the House adhered to its amendment disa-
greed to by the Senate, to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (EI. R. No. 153) making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1857.
Mr. HUNTER. This is the bill upon which
the two Houses adjourned at the last session.
There had been, I think, three conferences on it
when we last sent it to the House and asked for
a further conference. The House have refused
to agree to that, and have adhered to their posi-
tion, and sent it back. Hut, Mr. President, I am
willing to exhaust every effort of conciliation and
courtesy towaids that House in order to have
another vote on this question. I am not willing
to take counsel from passion, which I should do
if 1 were to move, in this state of the case, that
we adhere. I am not only willing, but I desire
that the House should have a chance to recon-
sider its decision. I have said that I would ex-
haust every eifort at conciliation and courtesy; \
will do anything to get the bill passed properly,
in the usual and ordinary form, except concede
the rights of the Senate. To that, I never can
consent.
Hut there is an additional reason why I am
disposed to take a more conciliatory, and, if I
may use the term, a gentler course than is usual
on such occasions. It is that, even if there were
a majority in the House who were willing to
recede and pass the bill in the ordinary form,
they could not get at a vote on the question un-
less we sent this bill back to them. They cannot
get at it under their rules; because, as 1 under-
stand, if their-Committee of Ways and Means
should desire to report a new bill, a single objec-
tion would prevent the introduction of that bill
except upon some day when it was in order to
move a resolution to suspend the rules.
Under these cncumstunces, I am disposed to
give the House, if it should desire to do so, as
many chances to vote upon this question as it
can have. For that puipose I move that the
Senate insist, and ask for a conference. There is
a precedent for such a course, to which I might
refer, if I chosc. There is no doubt of the par-
liamentary right which I have to make such a
motion, My purpose in moving it is this: I wish
to take away from them any ground of objection
that we had not moved towards them accoidmg
to all the forms of courtesy, by failing to ask for
a conference. I not only move to insist, and to
ask for a conference for that, but for another
reason: by so doing, as I have said before, they
have two chances to vote. When we send it
down, if there should be a majority in favor of
passing a clean bill, in the usual form, a majority
may recede. If that should be refused, and a
committee of conference should be appointed,
and it were found impossible to agree, when that
fact was reported, there would again be a chance
for the House to make another effort, and take
another vote on the question of receding.
In order that we may give them every chance
to reconsider what I must think was an unwise,
and perhaps hasty determination on their part,
to which they arc adhering at this time probably
without due consideration, I submit a motion
that the Senate further insist on their amend-
ment, and ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I shall vote for
that motion with ^reat pleasure; but I rise for
the purpose of correcting what I understand to
be an erroneous impression of my remarks on i\
former day, in regard to the course I proposed
in relation to a similar bill formerly before the
Senate I urged, at that time, that the course
which was most parliamentary and most becom-
ing the character and dignity of the Senate, was
on that occasion to insist and ask for a confer-
ence. I urc;ed, that at least that course was the
most conciliatory. I extended my remarks to
other points, which I understand were construed
by some honorable Senators so as to implicate
mo in the expression of the sentiment that I was
willing to recede from the amendment of the
Senate to the House bill. I expressed no such
sentiment, though I did earnestly insist that the
proper conciliatory part on the Senate was to
ask for a conference. In that I was overruled.
Although at the moment I know that I had the
concunence of many honorable Senators in the
view which I took, on the morrow I found an
almost unanimous vote against me among those
with whom I have been in the habit of acting on
the questions connected with the course which
the House of Representatives has thought proper
to pursue on this bill. I was met by the argu-
ment, that what I proposed was unconstitutional.
Honorable Senators said they had sworn to sup-
port the Constitution, and, therefore, it was im-
possible to take the course which anpeared to
nave been indicated to mc. I indicated no such
course as they seemed to suppose I had indicated.
I did, however, meau to impress on the Senate,
so far as I had the ability to do so, the propriety
and importance, on such a question as this, of
pursuing a conciliatory course, and of leaving the
door open to amicable adjustment in some lorm
that the two Houses may think proper to agree
upon.
I will make no further remarks on this subjcct,
nor detain the Senate longer than to make an in-
quiry of the honorable Senator from Michigan,
i wish to know of that honorable Senator, whether
he means, from the information he has, that the
Senate shall infer from the letters he has caused
to be read at the table to-day, that, as he under-
stands, there are no difficulties in Kansas at tins
time ?
Mr. CASS. I wonder that my honorable fiieml
has asked me the question. I have brought here
the latest official information which has reached
the War Department, to show principally the
conduct of the military, and that it has been, as
I think, strictly correct; but the subsequent tele-
graphic accounts, I said nothing about. 1 have
no doubt serious difficulties exist there; probably
they have been exaggerated.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That is the ques-
tion I wanted answered, whether the honorable
Senator meant that we shall infer, from General
Smith's communication of the 11th of August—
so different from the representations communi-
cated from other sources, of the state of things
at and before that time—that there was no reason
to place any reliance on the communications we
had lately received by telegraphic dispatch, or
by letter, or by newspaper accounts?
