668
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 29,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Neutrality haws—Mr. Quitman.
Ho. of Reps.
neutrality laws.
SPEECH OF JOHN A. QUITMAN,
OF MISSISSIPPI.
Ik the House of Representatives,
rfpril 29,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
ftate of the Union,
Mr. QUITMAN said:
Mr. Chairman: Since the opening of this ses-
sion of Congress, the public mind has been almost
exclusively absorbed by the slavery question—
that great issue which distracts the entire country,
and seems to menace with danger the integrity of
the Union. Had it not been for the excitement
produced by that paramount question, a high
sense of duty would have impelled me, during
even the first week of this session, to present to
the consideration of the House, and of the coun-
try, a matter of deep and permanent interest to
both. As I shall be necessarily absent for several
weeks, I will avail myself of this opportunity,
so kindly furnished by my friend from Florida,
[Mr. Maxwell,] to present my views on the
subject of certain laws which now incumber our
statute-book; those laws which seek to enforce
our supposed neutral obligations to other nations;
those laws which, though acquiesced in for some
years, are, in my opinion, injurious to the best
interests of our country, and fatal to its hopes of
future development. The peculiar condition of
many neighboring States and colonies, and the
influence which their condition must exercise
upon our own prosperity, render it highly im-
portant, at the present time, that we should re-
view this branch of our national policy. A radi-
ical change is required. For the purpose of
effecting mis, 1 yesterday gave notice that I would
introduce a bill to repeal the objectionable pro-
visions of the existing neutrality law. This bill
proposes to repeal the first, second, third, fifth,
sixth, eighth, tenth, and eleventh sections of
•' An act in addition to the act for the punishment
of cerlain crimes against the United States, and
to repeal the acts therein mentioned," approved
April 20,1818. _ I frankly admit, on the thresh-
old, that my bill contemplates an entire altera-
tion of policy; it advocates a complete abandon-
ment of that extraordinary system of legislative
restriction by which the free action and enterpris-
ing spirit of our people are crippled, and to which
it is a matter of surprise that they have so long j
submitted. But, Mr. Chairman, we live in an
age of progress. Changes arfe constantly going
on around us; and to them we must adapt our
course. It is not to the past alone that we must
look to learn our present duties, or our future
obligations. The conduct of other nations, the
aspect of adjacent States, the circumstances of
each teeming hour—all these must be taken into
consideration. That which might, twenty years
since, have been morally and politically right,
may now be, not only morally wrong, but politic-
ally suicidal. When one set of legislators may,
by one act, bind down immutably the energies
of unborn millions, liberty ceases to exist.
Our Government, in its theory, is purely rep-
resentative. It should, in reality, be the reflex !j
of public sentiment; but it too often lags behind 1
the march of opinion, and endeavors to control
and direct that power, from which it should prop-
erly take its color, as it does always take its
being. Rut when the full tide of popular princi-
Sle is aroused, the Government must ultimately
e earned with it.
While I believe that public opinion demands
the change of policy which I propose by this bill,
I stilly approach the argument with diffidence,
doubting whether the short space of time allowed
me will suffice to render the conclusions as clearly
forcible to the minds of others as they are to my
own. But, Mr. Chairman,I act with a firm reli-
ance upon the strong American intellect, and with
a conviction that my proposition is founded on
reason, justice, and sound policy
The " law of nations," so called, does not pro-
fess to establish fixed and invariable rules, appli-
cable to all cases. Its object is to define the
moral relations that mutually exist between inde-
pendent States; and the character of those rela-
tions is necessarily modified by the course of
circumstances. To understand the obligations
that we owe both to ourselves and to other
nations, we must first survey the position of the
political communities around us. A distant and
cursory glance is all that I can now bestow upon
this instructive picture.
Of Canada, and the vast British possessions
that skirt our northern frontier, I will not speak.
Under the mild rule to which they are now sub-
jected by the mother Government, the people of
those colonies wear the appearance of content;
and it may be that they are preparing, quietly
j and without violence, to take their place, at the
proper time, in the family of separate nations.
Turning to Mexico, our neighbor on the south
and west, we shall find her in a state of disinte-
gration. Since 1820, when her mixed popula-
tion banished the Spanish tyrants, she has been
rapidly sinking in every moral and physical ele-
ment; and, during the last eight years, she has
preserved a state of sickly existence, by selling
portions of her territory to the United States.
This method alone has sufficed to prop the tot- -
tering foundations of her nationality; and this is,
indeed, a sign that she is rapidly hastening to
her final dissolution. The whole history of man
shows that the career of nations is upward or
downward: theTe is no level on which to rest,
no halting point for repose. Mexico, with her
delightful climate, her fertile soil, her jeweled
mountains, and her rich valleys, holding in her
possession the commercial "philosopher's stone "
—the power to tax the commerce of the world
by the junction of the two oceans—Mexico. I
repeat, is convulsed with annual revolutions, is
approachinga state of anarchy, and soon, wasted,
plundered, and depopulated, will become derelict
and liable to be seized upon as a waif by some
stronger power. She can be saved only by the
advancing flood of our enterprising citizens.
Central America, though more distant, is
brought into closer contact with us, by the com-
mand which she exercises over an important
route of travel between portions of our own coun-
try. She has now not even the pretence of nation-
ality. Her petty States, assuming each a separate
independence, torn by internal dissensions, and
pillaged by the avarice of rival chiefs, afford a
fitting theater for the display of those European
intrigues which do annoy our trade, and would
: check our extension. The only hope of redeem-
! ing this beautiful country, by the establishment
I of good government, rests in that patriotic band
, which has lately transplanted the principles of
Democracy from the United States to Nicar-
aguan soil. Although the extreme caution of our
Government has left this new Republic to sustain
herself alone, against the opposition of her pre-
judiced neighbors, still she has American energy
to guide her advancement, and the sympathies
of countless American breasts to cheer ner in
the hour of her perilous ordeal; and, with these,
she must finally triumph; she cannot fail to fulfill
her glorious mission, and cultivate the growth of
civil and religious liberty in Central America.
I now pass to Cuba—well termed, from her
position, her fertility, her genial temperature, her
lovely scenery, her noble harbors, and her natu-
ral wealth, the " Gem op the Antilles." She
is tha-solitary remnant of that gigantic despotism I
which, stretching its arm across the broad ocean, ;
shattered the empires of Montezuma and the
Incas, and attempted to grasp and hold the fairest
portions of this continent. Of all her vast colo-
nial possessions, Spain retains only this island.
And now does she retain it? To keep in subjec-
tion an unarmed white population of little more
than half a million of souls, she places on guard
a standing army of twenty thousand mercena-
ries—an army larger in proportion than that with
which Great Britain, in the revolutionary war,
endeavored to subjugate these American States,
with their three millions of inhabitants. The
records of tyranny cannot show, in any other
land, a military force so proportionately great.
It is kept in readiness to maintain a despotic colo-
nial government; and this species of government
is, at best, but a fraud, because it perverts, by its
very nature, the true purposes for which govern-
ment is constituted. Its object, instead of being
to promote the prosperity of the governed, is to
enchain and rob them, for the benefit of foreign
rulers, disconnected with them as well in feeling
as in location. The people of Cuba, belonging to
the pure white Caucasian race, and descended
from the best blood of the old Hidalgos, have
displayed, in their hostility to Spanish misrule,
a unanimity unequaled in the annals of revolu-
tion. They have attempted, again and again, to
assert their independence. Were it possible for
them to do so, *they would vindicate their rights
by open rebellion; but, stripped of arms, and de-
prived, by a tyranny that penetrates to their very
hearths, of the means of combining their efforts,
they are subdued by the mere force of the bay-
onet. It seems, indeed, as though Spanish op-
pression, driven out from its hundred provinces,
has centralized and intensified all its powers in
this unhappy isle. And yet this iron system is
protected, not only by the moral influence, but
even by the active interference of England and
France; and, sir, I regret to add, that the schemes
of our enemies are, to some extent, aided by the
ill-advised course of our own authorities—that
course of action which prevents the generous and
noble emotions of the American heart from burst-
ing forth, and encouraging the people of Cuba to
strike for justice and freedom.
In glancing at San Domingo we see a strange
and grotesque power, under whose stupid sway
that fair island, holding, with her commodious
ports, the same relation to the Caribbean sea that
Cuba holds to the Gulf of Mexico, is fast relaps-
ing into barbarism. This caricature of govern-
ment is sustained by mighty European influences
in its attempts to exterminate the small white
Dominican Republic which still retains a portion
of the island. All the rest of insular America is
European or African.
Now, Mr. Chairman, standing here among the
statesmen of America, I point to the surrounding
scene. Behold it as it is; and then look forward
a few years and contemplate what it will be.
What reflections does it not present? A world-
startling drama is to be enacted, and are we, the
guardians of our country's weal, to have no part
in the performance? Do we not know that the
development, the greatness, and the safety even,
of our beloved land, are deeply concerned ? Is it
not our evident duty to aid in the accomplishment
of that high destiny which ProvideRce has as-
signed to our Republic of States ? Does not the
splendor of that destint already tinge the pres-
ent with a glorious promise of the future ? And
is it not time now, if ever, to act boldly and vig-
orously ?
There is no statesman, no writer on the law of
nations, no political casuist even, who will deny
that it is the right and duty of every independent
nation, not only to adopt all measures necessary
for her self-preservation, but also to remove all
obstructions from the path of her just prosperity.
Kent, whose opinions are extremely conservative,
says, in his Commentaries:
" Every nation has an undoubted right to provide for its
own safety, and to take due precaution against distant as
well as impending danger. The right of self-preservation
is paramount to all other considerations. A rational fear
of an imminent danger is said to be a justifiable cause of
war."—Vol. 1, p. 23.
Vattel lays down the principle on this subject
as follows: •
" In vain does nature prescribe to nations, as well as to
individuals, the care of their self-preservation, and of ad-
vancing their own perfection and happiness, if it does not
give them a right to preserve themselves from everything
that can render this care ineffectual." * * *   «Every
nation, as well as every man, has a right not to suffer any
other to obstruct its preservation, its perfection, and happi-
ness—that is, to preserve itself from all injuries; and this
right is perfect, since it is given to satisfy a natural and in-
dispensable obligation; for when we cannot use constraint,
in order to cause our right to be respected, the effect is very
uncertain, ft is this right of preservation from all injury
that is called the right of security." * * " It is safest to
prevent the evil when it can be done. A nation has a right
to resist an injurious attempt, and to make use of force and
every honest means against the power that is actually en-
gaged in opposition to it, and even to anticipate its machi-
nations," sc., fcc., &c. Vattel—b. 2, ch. 4, sees. 49, SO.
I shall now, Mr. Chairman, endeavor to apply
these rules to our present position. The isthmus
of Central America is the first point to be consid-
ered. A free, safe, and unobstructed passage
across that isthmus, either through the Mexican
State of Tehuantepec, above the peninsula of
Yucatan, or south of the peninsula, and through
