678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
of the Committee of Elections that, by the gen-
eral consent of the House, we should fix one
o'clock to-morrow as the time when the vote
shall be taken upon this question. Notice of the
time will then be given, and members will be
here, and we shall avoid the necessity for a call
of the House; and then all debate which is de-
sired can be indulged in to-day.
. Mr. WASHBURN. I would suggest that
perhaps it would be better that debate should be
cjosed when the gentleman from New York shall
have concluded his remarks to-day.
Mr. COBB. You will find it to be more expe-
ditious to assent to the suggestion which I made;
and which would insure a vote on this question
to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 suggest this to the
House, that, if we decide to have the question
taken to-morrow, it would be better for us to
fix, an hour somewhat later than one o'clock.
After the previous question shall have been sus-
tained, the gentleman from Pennsylvania who re-
ported the resolution [Mr. Hickman] will have
a.right to address the House for an hour, and he
cannot very well do that before one o'clock.
Mr. COBB. Well,fix two o'clock to-morrow;
a}l, I want is to have the hour fixed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I suggest that, at
the close of the speech of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Granger,] the previous ques-
tion be moved; then the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections can speak an hour to-day,
and the vote can be taken to-morrow. I hope
we will not spend another day m this debate. It
certainly will not tend to a better understanding
of the question.
Mr. WASHBURN. I hope the suggestion of
the gentleman from Ohio will be concurred in by
the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let the debate close to-
day, and take the vote to-morrow morning.
Mr. COBB. My reason for proposing to take
the vote to-morrow is this—and I apprehend it
will strike the House as proper: there are a num-
ber of gentlemen yet who desire to address tire
-House, and it would be well to allow the balance
of this day to be consumed by them in making
speeches on this question; and to-morrow we will
take the vote.-
Mr. McMULLIN. I have no objection to
have the hour fixed for two o'clock to-morrow;
but I do desire to occupy some ten or fifteen
minutes of the time of the House on this ques-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to say, that I am
anxious to discuss some of the matters connected
with this proposition myself; but still 1 am will-
ing to forego that desire, and to avail myself of
some future opportunity to make my views
known on this whole question. I therefore
hope that tho discussion may be brought to a
close to-day, and that the vote may be taken to-
morrow morning. If the discussion is to go on,
I shall of course insist upon having a hand in it
myself.
Mr. KELLY. Mr. Speaker, a good deal of
time has been already expended in the discussion
of this question; and as some of the members
from New York on the other side have spoken
on this question, I for myself desire to bo heard
on it also. For that reason I trust the gentleman
from. Georgia will prolong the time for taking the
vote till three o'clock to-morrow, so that I, and
several other members, who I understand wish
also to speak upon it, may have an opportunity to
address the House. If the question be postponed
till to-morrow, at one o'clock, the consequence
will be that the whole day will be taken up by
the chairman of the Committee of Elections. I
therefore trust that the gentleman will make his
motion to take the vote ut three o'clock to-mor-
row. •
Mr. COBB. I would state to the gentleman
from New York that 1 have made no proposition.
It was only a suggestion which I addressed to the
gentleman from Maine, and to the general ap-
proval of the House. If not acceded to, gentle-
men will find that this question will not be taken
as soon by attempting to move tho previous
Suestion to-day, as it would if they had agreed to
le suggestion which I made. I have nothing
more to say. I have no proposition to offer.
Mr. KELLY. Will my colleague [Mr. Gran-
ger] allow a vote to be taken on the subject now ?
Mr. GRANGER declined.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelly] may avail himself of the op-
portunity to address the House on this subject
when we get into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. KELLY. Yes; but I desire to be heard
on this question, as some of my colleagues have
spoken on it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. We will be in Committee
of the Whole to-morrow or next day.
Mr. KELLY. If the gentleman from New
York will give way, I will move that the vote be
taken tomorrow, at three o'clock.
TheJsPEAKER. The motion can only be
made By general consent.
Mr. GRANGER objected, and said: Mr.
Speaker, I rise to say but a few words. The
question is not whether Governor Reeder or Gen-
eral Whitfield shall occupy a seat on this floor,
but whether you will or will not grant to the
Committee of Elections power to send for persons
and papers. Sir, what has this committee to do ?
It has to investigate and report on a subject of
deep and pervading interest to the whole Amer-
ican people. Millions of your constituents are
now watching with intense interest the action of
this committee; and will you, sir, deny them
the aid required, and block the wheels, and crip-
ple the energies of this committee at the outset?
For tho honor of this House and the welfare of
the country I trust not. But why this determined
Opposition? Why this attempt to shroud this
investigation in darkness ? The reasons given are
unsatisfactory, contradictory, and baseless.
Sir, tho honorable gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Davis] denies us jurisdiction. There, he
comes in conflict with the Constitution. The
Constitution is clear on that point. It says ex-
pressly that, " Each House shall bo tho judge
of the elections, returns, and qualifications of its
own members." There is nota legislative body
in the world that does not exercise this power over
its own members, and even to expel a member
at discretion. Sir, the honorable gentleman
fought gallantly, but he fought "as one that
beateth the air." He dealt fearful blows, but his
adversary was beyond his reach. Itwasapity
such valor was wasted. Sir, the honorable gen-
tleman from Maryland was on the wrong side.
The honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher,] in maintaining the other side of the
question, took occasion to say that, if the admin-
istration of Government was taken from the party
that now hold it, the Union would be dissolved.
Those threats have been so often repeated, and
from the same quarter, that they are stale and
insipid, and scarcely deserve a passing notice.
Such threats are idle: they cease to disturb.
Like the rattle in the tail of a toothless snake,
they are heard without alarm. Dissolve this
Union! Who dissolve it? The North will not.
The South dare not. The world in arms cannot.
Away with such silly nonsense!
The honorable member from Missouri [Mr.
Oliver] charges the Massachusetts Aid Society
with malpractice. If the charge be true, then
why not investigate? He charges the Kansas
settlers with having rifles. Isitpossiblc? What!
freemen have arms in their hands! Who ever
heard of these rifles till Kansas was invaded?
Then, sir, you did hear of them. Then they
came out and spoke for themselves.
It is charged, also, that the New England emi-
grants go to Kansas to make it a free State. Jly,
sir, a free State! " A lion in the way !" Tho sons
of the Pilgrims go as their fathers came, to plant
and rear a free State. If that is wrong, it is the
fault of the family, for their fathers did so before
them. Free speech, free press, free schools, free
religion, free soil, and free men. Sir, they dogo
to make a free State, and, God be praised ! they
will do it. But Governor Reeder is in the way.
Governor Reeder has been assailed, and rudely
assailed, on this floor. Governor Reeder is the
last man for us to complain of. The blame be-
fore the country rests elsewhere than on the head
of Governor Reeder. Has the honorable member
from Missouri so soon forgot that the invasion of
Kansas came from his own State ? And when the
honorable gentleman says he did not approve of
it, it will be news to me. Does he not know that
ip if Missouri approves or palliates she must share
j the shame? ButMissouri will not do it. And I
was surprised to hear what I did hear from one
of her Representatives. But Governor Reeder
is in the way! lie is the evil genius that haunts
the dreams of the honorable gentleman from Mis-
souri by night, and disturbs his equanimity by
day. Why, the honorable member says Reeder
comes poking along here a traitor. Suppose I
were to say, which surely I will not, that Whit-
field comes poking along here. True, they are
both here; and what of it? What has that to do
with the question? Sir, Governor Reeder comes
here by the voice of the people; and they sent
him here in accordance with the higher law and
the lower law; the law of self-preservation and
the law of self-defense. If he has not a right
here, who has? General Whitfield conies here
the fruit of an election—an election ordered by a
spurious Legislature—a Legislature forced on an
unwilling people by a band of armed invaders,
with guns and drums and implements of death,
who marched into Kansas on election day, and
stormed nearly every poll at once, elected this
Legislature, and returned back to Missouri in
triumph. Sir, let the committee examine. Give
them all the help they ask for. Let us have the
truth and no dodging. The country demands it.
Sir, I am ready for the vote; and I envy not the
man who shall record his vote in the negative.
I now demand the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay the whole subject on
the table, and on that I call for the yeas andnays.
Mr. COBB. I move a call of the House. I
desire to have a full vote.
Mr. ORR. On that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. PHELPS. I appeal to the gentleman from
New York to withdraw his call for the previous
question. There are other gentlemen here who
desire to submit their views on this subject to the
House.
Mr. GRANGER withdrew the call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ORR. I withdraw my motion to lay the
whole subject on the table.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw my motion for a call
of the House.
Mr. ORR. Lot me suggest this: There are
some gentlemen, I understand, who desire to
speak on the pending question; and if it be un-
derstood that no question is to be taken this
evening, tho debate may go on till five, six, or
seven o'clock; and every gentleman desiring to
speak may do so—the understanding being, that
the vote will not be taken before one o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rose for the purpose of
making a suggestion which will probably meet
the views of gentlemen on that side of the
House. As I said a moment ago, I have had
some anxiety to discuss this question. I have,
however, pretty much discussed it before. I
propose not to consume the time of the House
now, because there appears to be a general anxiety
to bring this matter to a close; and I think it is
a matter of very great consequence, if we intend
to take this testimony, to come to some action at
once. Besides, sir, this question blocks up all
the other business of the House.
I will not, therefore, consume any of the time
of the House, at present, in making my opinions
upon this question known to the House. They
have been once given to the House and the coun-
try, and they remain unchanged.
My suggestion, therefore, is that this debate
shall be continued to-day, with the understanding
that to-morrow, at one o'clock, it shall terminate
—that the previous question shall then be moved
and sustained. The chairman of the Committee
of Elections, who reported this resolution, will
be entitled to occupy one hour if he desires it.
At two o'clock, then, we can proceed to take a
vote; and we shall be able to dispose of the matter
in some way in the course of the day. If I can
have the general consent of the House to this
proposition, 1 will then yield the floor to those
who are more anxious to speak upon this question
than I am.
The SPEAKER. TheChair will suggest, that
if the House should adopt a proposition in the
form of an order that the debate should close at
the time the gentleman from Ohio suggests, the
Chair will close the debate at that hour.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well; I will submit
my proposition in that form.
