1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
Mr. CASS. Such an idea never entered into
my head.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Well, then, we
stand precisely in the same condition in relation
to the difficulties in Kansas as we did before the
reading of those letters. We have on two occa-
sions heretofore supposed, from the information
we had of the instructions given by the Executive
Government to the officers in command in that
Territory, and from the information we had re-
ceived of the sufficiency of the force employed
there to suppress disorders, that all difficulties
were terminated. But on both occasions we have
been deceived. I do not wish to be deceived any
further. I am afraid that these difficulties still
exist in Kansas. I do not place full reliance on
recent information which we received from tele-
graphic dispatches and newspaper accounts; but
from the condition of this country, from the fact
alluded to by the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mason,] the other day, of the pow-
erful interest that exists on both sides to foster
these difficulties and misrepresent tliem, the pow-
erful party considerations and interests which
are at stake, I fear that these difficulties exist at
this day, and I cannot foresee that there is to be
any early termination of them, unless Congress
shall do some:'.iing,bysomcmeasure, moie effect-
ive in the way of prevention than they have
hitherto done.
1 would not have said so much on this question,
as I perceive the Senate are ready to vote for the
motion of the honorable Senator from Virginia,
but for the reason that I do not know whether I
shall have any opportunity of expressing any
further sentiments on the subject. 1 am not sure,
at all events, that, under the circumstances, it
would be proper for me to express any sentiments
on this subject.
I wish further to say, that I voted against laying
the bill of the honorable Senator fiom California
on the table, notwithstanding the very plausible
reason which he gave for it, that it was not
accepted by certain gentlemen on this floor, and
that there was a disposition to overload it. It is
a proposition which it is admitted on all sides
the Senate have agreed to do, though, as stated
by the honorable Senator from Virginia, in con-
nection with other measures which may not be
acceptable to the House; but the Senate had
acceded to the propriety and justice of at least
passing such a bill as was introduced by the hon-
orable" Senator from California. There was no
ground for opposing it, except on the speculative
reasoning of the honorable Senator fiom Vir-
ginia. fie said the House had not acceded to
the bills sent to them, because they had been con-
nected with other matters; but that it would have
been an easy opeiation with them to strike out
all the other provisions, and agree to this, and
send it back to the Senate to concur in their
amendment; and that, therefore, the fault was
with the House, and it was proper and his duty,
tinder all the ciicumstances, to move that the
Senate should signify its intention no further to
adopt any measure on the subject.
I do not want to go into this matter now, hoping
that it may be m my power to have an opportu-
nity to do it more fully hereaftei; but 1 wish
merely to state one proposition. Whatever be
the fate of this Army bill, whether the House
shall iccede, and the appropriation shall be made,
or not, under the circumstances which exist at
this moment, and in the face of apprehensions of
further difficulties and disorders in Kansas, which
we may reasonably anticipate, I think it would
have been the height of wisdom m the Senate, by
this separate measure, not connected with an
appropriation bill in any manner whatever to do—
what, sir ? To do justice to the character of the
Senate   . -
Mr BRODHEAD. I rise to a question of
order." The bill introduced by the Senator from
California is not naw before the Senate. It is
impoitant, in view of the condition of the house,
that we send this bill back at an early hour. We
can then go on with the debate on any other ques-
tion. The bill to which the Senator from len-
nessee is now speaking is not before the Senate.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. 1 know that, but
1 am only explaining my vote. I will not trespass
on the sense of the Senate, if I am out of order.
Mr. SEWARD. I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Tennessee is entirely in order.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I will stand by the
decision of the Chair and Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannot undertake to limit debate.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. My honorable
friend from Pennsylvania will allow me to -say
that I did not want to go into the debate, but
only to express to the Senate the sentiment that,
whether appropriations shall be made for the
Army, or whether the Army be disbanded, or
whatever other result may happen, it becomes
the Senate, it becomes the Congress of the United
States, it becomes the Government of the United
States, whatever may be their views as to collat-
eral points of doctrine, or of practice, or of sen-
timent, upon any question, to do justice to these
people, and repeal those laws that all admit to
be obnoxious and m violation of the principles
of the Constitution. Fiat justitia mat cw.lvm,
though a trite saying, is pertinent and appro-
priate here, and I do not hesitate to express it.
That is all I propose to say now, because I do
not wish to trespass upon the patience Of the
Senate.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, the honor-
able Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] and
myself are placed in a position somewhat pecu-
liar. Wc both voted the -other day on a bill pre-
cisely like this, against adhering on the part of
the Senate. We were thrown into company with
the whole corps of Frce-Soilers. Sir, I do not
care with whom I am thrown in company if I
know I am right, and I know I was right on that
occasion.
Sir, how humiliating is the confession this day
made by the majority of the Senate! On a bill
precisely like tliat on which thcry adhered—ay,
m the very same words—the honorable Senator
from Vngmia now comes forward, with authority
from the majority of the Chamber in caucus as-
sembled, anil tells us that instead of adhering,
we must now only insist,and ask foracommittee
of conference ! It would have been a great deal
better to have started right than to have backed
out after getting m the wrong. You were wrong
—I speak to you, Senators—when you undertook
to adhere the other day, contrary to the advice
of my friend from Tennessee and myself, to your
disagreement on a bill precisely like this. I am
not about to oppose this motion. On the other
hand, T am in favor of taking the very course pro-
posed by the member from Virginia. But it is
not possible to see any difference between the two
cases—the one in which we adhered, and the
other in which he wishes us now only to insist
and ask for a conference. To insist and ask for
a conference was right then; to insist and ask for
a conference is right now; and as I voted then, I
vote now. Myfiiend from Tennessee was right
when he said it was the duty of the Senate to ex-
haust every measure of conciliation before we
close the door against all compromises with the
other House.
Bow, sir, let me allude to that subject which
is the great cause of all this discord between the
two Houses. The unjust, iniquitous, oppressive,
and infamous laws enacted by the Kansas Legis-
lature, as it is called, ought to be repealed before
we adjourn ; and I concur with the member from
Tennessee, that the responsibility, if either the
Senate or House of Representatives shall refuse
•to repeal these laws, will justly rest on the heads
of the men who refuse to do justice. What are
these laws ? One of them sends a man to hard labor
for not less than two years for daring to discuss
the question whether slavery exists, or does not
exist, m Kansas: not less than two years it
may be fifty; and if a man could live as old as
Methuselah, it might be over nine hundrrd years.
That act prohibits all freedom of discussion in
Kansas, on the great subject directly referred to
the exclusive decision of the people in that Ter-
ritory; strikes down the liberty of the press too;
and is an act egregiously tyrannical as ever was
attempted by any of the Stuarts, Tudors, or Plan-
! tagenets of 'England, and this Senate persists in
declaring that we are not to repeal that!
Sir, let us tender to the House of Representa-
tives the repeal-of that and all other objection-
able and infamous laws that were passed by that
Legislature. I include in this denunciation, with-
out any hesitation, those acts which prescribe
that a man shall not even practice law m the I er-
ritory unless he swears to support the fugitive
slave law; that he shall hot vote af any election,
or be a member of the Legislature, unless he swears
to support the fugitive slave law; thath«sballnoc
hold any office of honor or trust there unless he
swears to support the fugitive slave law*, -and you
may as well impose just such a test o&th for any
other and every other law. I am, a!s I have re-
peatedly declared, for supporting the fugitive
slave law. I have no difficulty on that subject;
but there are thousands and hundreds of thou-
sands of honest men in the United States who,
although they never mean to resist the fugitive
slave law, would never take an oath to support
it. Some of them believe the meaning of an oath
to support it is, that they shall be bound actually
to apprehend a runaway negro, and deliver him,
if they can, to his owner. Such a law will drive
out of the Territory many honest and useful citi-
zens, who are no fanatics; and who never mean
to resist any law of their country.
I will not go through the whole catalogue of
the oppressive laws of this Territory, 1 have
done that before to-day. There are others as bad
as these to which I have now referred; and I say-
now, that unless the committee ©f Conference,
which we arc about to appoint, shaR go the
whole Tength of c<&senting to the repeal of those
abominable acts, the responsibility of the defeat
of thr Army bill will not rest entirely on the
House of Representatives. Repeal those laws,
and that House will have no ground to stand
upon should it defeat the bill. Sir, they would
give way; the friends of the Army appropriations
would immediately gain an accession of strength
in that House sufficient to carry them by a heavy
vote.
Mr. President, I know tlmj it has been quite a
favorite argument here, and has been urged, dc
din hi diem, that the Kansas and Nebraska act
conferred the whole power of self-government on
the people of the Territory of Kansas; that, by
virtue of the terms of that act, we had given the
Legislature there the power to do as it pleased;
and that any act now to repeal any statute of
their enactment would be a Ucspass on the great
principle of self-government, which was recog-
nized by that act. Sir, I am ready to meet any
man on this floor who ventures to take that posi-
tion here now; it is utterly false; it is worse than
sophistry. The act confers no such power; but,
by its express terms, the law which gives the
legislative authority confers only power to legis-
late upon *' rightful subjects oNegislation." That
is the language of the law; and will any man tell
me that such topics as I have been alluding to
were rightful subjects of legislation? Who will
pretend° that it was rightful for this Legislature
to have directed the imprisonment at hard labor
for two years for expressing an opinion, as a
lawyer or a politician, upon the question whether
slavery does or does not rightfully exist in Kansas ?
Sir, I undertake to say here that, by virtue of
that act, John C. Calhoun, were he now living in
Kansas, might be sent to the penitentiary. I
served with him on a committee of this body in
the year 1848, in reference to a compromise
which he and i were endeavoring to press through,
and which was defeated by the Free-Soilers and
seven southern votes m the other House—a meas-
ure that would havegiven peace, m my judgment,
to the country at that time; and I know .well that
he then contended that Congress could not|gnfer
on the Legislature of a Territory the power to
legislate on the subject of slavery. The act of
the Kansas Legislature which establishes slavery
there, would be, in his judgment, utterly void.
I say, too, there are at this moment hundreds,
perhaps thousands, of slaveholders in the United
States, and many of them able lawyers too, who
entertain the opinion that slavery does not go,
proprio vigoret into any Territory; that it exists
only by the force of positive enactment, is a
creature of municipal law,and can exist only by
virtue of municipal law.
Sir, let us beware in time; let us take heed!
Behind you stands the portrait of the immortal
Hampden, who led in the great contest for civil
liberty m England in 1C42, rousing a mighty
nation into a revolution, which cost the lives of
half a million of men, by his patriotic resistance
to the demand of ship money by the tyrantStuart.
These acts of Kansas arc more oppressive, tyran-
nical, and unjust, than the claim of ship money
levied by Charles I. Sir, beware of the spirit 01
