38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
the true American, whether southern or northern,
eastern or western. Once indulge him to believe
that you intend to trample on his liberty, and
you thereby arm him for any encounter with
oppression, no matter from what quarter it may
proceed. Let us pause in time, sir, and divest
ourselves of all responsibility for these unjust and
infamous laws; and suffer me again to ring it in
your ears, thatunless the Senate shall consent to
their repeal, the responsibility of disbanding the
troops, if the Army bill shall be lost, will rest on
you, gentlemen of the Senate, at least as much as
on the House of Representatives.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, Senators of
ripe age, large experience, and acknowledged
ability—Senators who have long served with dis-
tinction.in the national councils, have expressed
their deep concern at the present attitude of the
two Houses of Congress, and admonished the
Senate and the country that our public affairs
were in a critical and alarming condition. The
veteran Senators from Delaware,Tennessee,and
Michigan, [Messrs. Clayton, Bell, and Cass,]
'have indulged in the expression of gloomy appre-
hensions for the future of the Republic. I do not
share, Mr. President, in these forebodings. I
take a more cheerful and hopeful view of the
public affairs of the country. I trust 1 am not
less devoted to the country—to the preservation
of its institutions—to the perpetuity of the unity
of the States, and the indivisibility of the Repub-
lic, than those distinguished Senators; but 1 see
nothing in this conflict between the two Houses
of Congress that shakes my steady faith in the
stability of our republican institutions and the
durability of that bond of union that makes us
one people. I may indulge in the illusion of an
overweening coniidenee in the intelligence and
patriotism of the people, and the strength of the
Government, but I see nothing in the political
horizon that gives me any apprehensions for the
present—any foreboding for the future. On the |
contrary, sir, I see, or I think 1 see, m the (level- 1
opment, expansion, and vitality of those ideas
of popular liberty that underlie the causes which
have produced this stem conflict here in the
national Capitol, between the representatives of
the people and the representatives of the Stains,
between the democratic and conservative elements
of the (iovernment, much to cheer the hopes of
the p.itriot, who would make the Republic great,
free, glorious—an example to the nations My
faith is strong that the Democratic elements of
our Government, long obscured by the dark,
dreary, and chilling shadow's of the ^Live-power,
will emerge from the contest thron h which we
are passing, invigorated and strengthen! (1; that
our free institutions will come out of these shad-
ows thut have obscured their original luster, and,
like the stars, when the winds hove swept mists
and clouds from the heavens, beam upon the
world in their original brightness.
Hut, while I see nothing, Mr. President, ill
this conflict, to excite apprehension or alarm,
here, or in tile eounliy, 1 see clearly that the two
Houses of Congiess stand in a most extraoidi-
nary attitude before the eounliy. 'J'he e\e of
the nation is upon them. Tliey eve now passing
through the severe ordeal of the public, scrutiny.
The public judgment, from the verdict of which
there lies no appeal, will soon be authoritatively
proqpuueed upon the action of the Senate and
the action of the House of Representames. To
that public judgment I am willing to commit,
with undou'bting confidence, the motives, pur-
poses, and acts of the minority in this Chamber,
and the majority in the other. Let us recur, Mr.
Picsident, to the record, to the action of the Sen-
ate and the action of the House of Repiesenta-
tives, by which the two Iiousesliave been placed
in their present attitude of antagonism before the
country. The executive department asked Con-
gress to grant $14,000,000 for the support of the
Army during the current year. The House of
Representatives cheerfully voted the amount re-
quired—the anti-Administration majority-voting
all the supplies demanded by the Executive.
But the House, mindful of the condition of sub-
dued, conquered, and oppressed Kansas, placed
in the bill a proviso containing three distinct
propositions:
I. a That no pint of tile military foiee of the United
States shall tie employed hi aid of the enforcement of any
enactment ol ttic bocH claiming to be the Terntorial Legis-
lature of Kansas, until such enactments shall have been
affirmed anil approved by Congress.
•2. " Tin* proviso shall not be so construed a« to prevent
the President from employing an adequate military foice,
but it shall be Ills duty to employ bueh Ibrceto pievent the
invasion of said Territory by armed bumh of non re.-ldents,
or any other body of non-residents, acting, or claiming to
act, as a /)0?se comitates ot auv officer m said Terruory, in
the enforcement of any such enactment, and to protect the
persons and property therein, and upon the national high-
ways leading to said Territory, from alt unlawful searches
and seizures.
3. "It shall be his duty to take efficient measures to com-
pel the return of, and withhold, aff arms of the United States
distributed in or to said Territory."
The Senate, under the lead of the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] amended the bill by
striking out this proviso. The House refused to
concur in this amendment. The Senate insisted,
committees of conference were appointed, and
each House firmly insisted upon its policy. The
hour of twelve o'clock, the 18th of August, the
time fixed for the close of the first session of the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, came—the two Houses
adjourned, and, with the adjournment, fell the
Army appropriation bill. The Presidentpromptly
summoned Congress to assemble, and laid before
the two Houses the reasons for that act. The
Executive pressed upon Congress the necessity
of granting the. supplies for the support of the
Army now scattered over the country, in the for-
tresses, along the sea-board, in Florida, Texas,
New Mexico, on the western plains, on the
shores of the Pacific, in Oregon and Washington
Territories. The House promptly responded
to this appeal of the Executive bypassing anew
bill to grant the §14,000,000 required. Still mind-
ful of the wrongs of Kansas, the House inserted
into the lull the same proviso. The supporters
of the Administration in the House, m utter dis-
regard of the press'in^ appeals of the President,
voted, to a man, ai^nnst the bill, choosing to haz-
ard the loss of the bill lather than restrict the
President m the use of the Army in the enforce-
ment of the usurpation in Kansas. The Senate
again, under the lead of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Hunter,] raised the issue with the
House by striking out the proviso. The House
ai^ain refused to concur. The Senate again, under
the same counsels, insisted upon its amendment,
and haughtily announced to the House, that it
would not ask for a committee of conference.
The House adhered to its proviso, sent the bill
here, and the Senate, on motion of the Senator
from Virginia, adhered, and thus slaughtered the
j bill here in this Chamber. The House once more
| took up the old bill, and voted to adhere to the
j proviso.
| The hill is now before, us. If we recede, and
pass it, this controversy will close; but the Sen-
ator from Virginia, with the full knowledge that
be is again putting the bill m peril, lias moved to
insist, and ask a committee of conference. In sub-
mitting this motion, the Senator fiom Virginia
avows that he does so to give the House another
i opportunity to retrace its steps. The House, he
I tells us, has acted without pioper deliberation,
and he now hopes it will abandon the position it
has assumed. The action of the House, Mr.
President, has been denounced in unmeasured
terms in this Chamber. The Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Hunter] pronounced the action of
the House " unparliamentary, unconstitutional,
revolutionary." Assuming to stand upon the,
sure basis nf the Constitution, the Senator ex-
claimed, " Perish the appropriation lull! Perish
I the Army! Save the Constitution !" The other
j Senator J1 oin Vugmia [A'lr. Mason] joins in de-
limit lutious against the House. He, too, pro-
nounces the action of the House to be " imparlla-
 The
unites
his voice with the Senators from Virginia, and
denounces the action of the House, sustained, as
that action was, by the votes of the delegation
from the State of Connecticut, as " unparliament-
ary, unconstitutional, revolutionary!" Sir, the
declarations of these Senators are, supported by
no authorities, no leasons, no arguments, no
fcicts. They are bold, unsupported assertions;
M and they will have, upon the Senate and the
i country, the weight usually attached to declara-
tions which are unsustained by reason, argument,
: fact, or authority.
;j These, Senators have assumed to vail themselves
J in the garments of constitutional law and parlia-
' mentary authority. I intend to disrobe the lion-
IIUUIJUVO tilV <U HUH ui nil WW ""I"'
mentary, unconstitutional, revolutionary."
Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Tih'Cky] u;
orable Senatois. I mean to strip them so naked
that the mantle of charity, which is said to
" cover a multitude of sins," will not hide their
nakedness from the public gaze. The action of
the House is pronounccd " unconstitutional" by
these Senators. Other Senators have repeated
the declaration. Will these Senators condescend
to inform the Senate what clause of the Consti-
tution the House has violated by putting this
proviso in the appropriation bill? "Will these
Senators point to the violated section or clause?
The House refuses to pass the Army appropria-
tion bill without a proviso that the Army shall
not be used to sustain the pretended laws of the
Shawnee Mission Legislature. The House plants
itself upon its constitutional rights. It claims the
power and the right to vote the supplies upon
such conditions as it deems essential to secure
the liberties, and redress the wrongs, of the
people of Kansas. The British House of Com-
mons, upon which our House was modeled, has
such a " control," to use the language of Hal-
lam, "over the executive power," "that no
Administration can possibly subsist without its
concurrence." The Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] admitted, the other day, that the House
of Commons has nominally the power to stop
the supplies, but that it has not exercised that
power for two hundred years. Sir, the British
House of Commons retains, in all its vigor, this
power, which it won by half a century of civic
strife. If it does not exercise that power, the
reason is because, to quote, the words of Hallam,
"it is so much a participator in the executivo
power," that the Ministry always retires before
the Commons resort to the exercise of that power.
Rven the Melbourne Ministry, that clung with
relentless tenacity to power, retired from office
in 1841, when the Commons hinted that no more
money would be granted. Cut the House is
sustained in this conflict by the authority of
James Madison. His capacious mind conceived,
and his skillful hand fiamed, many of the pro-
visions of the Constitution. If any American
statesman, among the living or the dead, ever
understood the intentions of the framers of the
Constitution, or the powers of that instrument,
James Madison was that man. He has been fitly
designated the father of the Constitution. In No.
58, of the 5th volume of the Federalist, Mr.
Madison says: .
" The Home of Rcpresentfdivcs can not only refuse, but
ihcy alone ean pu>po:-c the supplier rcqui-ite for lie: sup-
port of (iovernment. TVtei/, in a word, hold the pmse: that
powerful msti uitient by which we behold ill the history of
the liutish constitution, an infani and bumble leproent-
ation of the people, gradually enlaiging the sphere of its ac-
tivity and importance, and finally reducing, a* tar as it
seem* to have wished, all the ovetgiown pieiogatives of the
oth< r blanches of the Government. This power over the
pnrse may, in fact, be legarded as the mo-t complete and
effectual weapon with which any constitution can arm the
immediate Representatives of the people foi oUuinwi; u
Y",i, of ereiy runcc, mvl for uinylng into e^jeet every
)W>! <<nd :'ih:!':rii measure.'1
1 submit to every candid mind, that the action
of the House is fully sustained by tins authority
of Mr. Madison. " The House of Representa-
tives," says Mr. Madison, can not only refuse,
but they alone can k- propose the supplies requi-
site for the support of the Government." This
declaiation is full, ample, complete. If the House
" can refuse the supplies requisite for the support
of Government;" if it possesses this ''com-
plete and effective, weapon" "for obtaining a
redress of every grievance, and for carrying into
effect every justand salutary measure," the occa-
' sion surely demands the full exercise of that power
by the House, and, in its firm exercise, to use
the words of Madison. " it will be sustained by
the consciousness of being supported in its de-
mands by right, by reason, and by the Constitu-
tion." Fiom O'Brien's American Military Law,
published in 1848, I quote this extract, which
fully sustains the power now claimed by tho
House:
"Tin* prerogative of command, so formidable in appear-
ance, will, m practice, be found to be very hmired, hemmed
in and contracted as it may aivvays be by the positive or
negative action of the National Legiftlatuic.
u The command of the President h, indeed, absolute
within its sphere, but its? sphere is bounded on ail sirie  by
law. The moment the Ex<-euuveove!<te|Kthe boundaues
prescribed, he becomes powerless, and iu> command- are
oi noiorce. Congiessmaydectareiehenand Jor irhalobjfrts
ike Jinny is to be used, awl for ivhal purpose it viay not he
u<.ed, and thui chart out accurately the lands of Executive
pojjer. And even within these limits the action ot the
i Executive indirectly, but, absolutely, depends on the con-
