1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I dared stand forth then for the purpose of paci-
fying and conciliating the contending factions of
this country; and, thank God, we succeeded. I
know well enough, that the measure has been,
since that day, condemned by men who little
comprehend or imagine what were the dangers of
that period. At my present period of life, I reck
not whether the measure I propose be popular or
not; I seek only to be assured that it is right.
Sir, great as were, in my judgment, the dangers
which surrounded us in 1833, they were far less
apparent than those which I sincerely believe
attend the country at this crisis. I have never
been a panic-maker upon the subject of the Union.
I have a great antipathy to the character of an
alarmist. I do not now say—I will not say—that
the causcs which are in operation in this country
will produce a dissolution of the Union. I will
not believe that the people of this day are so lost
to their own self-respect, so bereft of a proper
love of country, so degenerate and degraded, so
forgetful of every generous, ennobling, and hon-
orable sentiment, as to sacrifice this Union for
any cause of controversy now existing between
the North and South. But, sir, I have been ad-
monished by the Father of his Country to frown
on the first dawning of an attempt to alienate
one section of this Union from another; and I
will not only frown on it, but, when I witness the
first dawning of such an attempt, 1 will never
fail to sound the alarm to the country as a faith-
ful sentinel, while standing here and commis-
sioned to act for them on these the very ram-
parts of freedom. In that spirit, sir, I say now
is the time for every man who feels for his coun-
try, and loves it sincerely, to attempt something
to rescue that country from the discord which
rages in the different parts of it, with a fury
which is daily increasing, and which seems to
know no intermission and no limits.
If, in the present condition of the public mind,
we could bring Kansas into the Union to-morrow,
I would not do it. I believe, if we were to admit
it either as a slave State or a free State, it would
create such a sensation among the different sec-
tions of this country as was never known before.
I am not willing to subject the Union of the States
to such an experiment as that. It would shake
the Government to its very center. No, sir, I
would rely on the healing influence of time. I
design to give the country the benefit of the whole
chapter of accidents during the territorial exist-
ence of Kansas. I have confidence that the kind
Providence which has guided us in safety so
long, will still protect and save us if we attempt
nothing rashly. I believe that, if Kansas can be
suffered to remain in a territorial condition, until
the Congress shall think it safe and proper, after
years to come, to introduce her into the Union,
the conservative elements which ultimately pre-
vail everywhere among our countrymen, and the
honest love of the Union which pervades every
true American heart, will go with the settlers to
Kansas, and there finally and properly settle this
question on the only true principle—the great prin-
ciple of self-government. Tins is the principle
asserted by the Declaration of Independence.
The adjustment of a similar controversy on this
principle, was recommended lo Congress by Pres-
ident Polk, in the last and best message he ever
sent to Congress. It is the same principle which
was relied upon by President Taylor in the mes-
sages he sent to Congress relating to the Govern-
ment of California and New Mexico. This was
the principle relied upon by the distinguished men
who made the settlement of 1850. This is the
principle which meets my whole heart's approval.
I wish Kansas to come into the Union as the set-
tlers there shall determine, when there shall be
enough of them to assume the responsibilities
and discharge the obligations of one of the proud
sovereign States of this Union, whether with
slavery or without it. I wish them, then, to settle
all their domestic institutions to suit themselves,
uncontrolled by the Congress of the United States,
or any power on earth but their own sovereign
will.
Sir, I do not mean to go into the discussion of
that question which I have thus incidentally
touched. My object this day in so far avowing
my own principles, is not to provoke debate or to
excite discord among the members of the Senate;
it is not to provoke any man to dispute with me
on points such as I have mentioned. I only wish
140T
my own position to be clearly understood, and
therefore I say again, that if I could bring Kansas
into the Union this day either as a slave or a free
State, according to my own will and pleasure, I
would not agree to do it. The shock that would
be felt by that section of the Union which would
be disappointed in the expectation of attaining its
own particular end there, would be such, I repeat
again, as to convulse the whole country, and per-
haps bury the Constitution in its ruins. Then
let the subject for the present rest; sufficient for
the day is the evil thereof. Postpone the crisis.
Leave us, as I have said, to the healing influence
of time. Let us trust in the patriotisn^ of the
men who will go to Kansas, and whose right and
duty it will be to decide this question as best suits
their own domestic interests and feelings, and ail
will be safe. Adopt this policy, and rely upon it
the country will pass through the crisis without
the slightest danger of disunion, and without any
distressing discord between the geographical sec-
tions of the nation.
To this extent then I concur with the distin-
guished Senator from Illinois and the Committee
on Territories. But they will pardon me now
for calling attention to what I think is an error
in their bill. In the first place, it proposes that
when the convention shall be elected, which is to
make the constitution of the State of Kansas, it
shall be composed of delegates double the num-
ber of the legislative representation in each elect-
ive district. It cannot escape the attention of a
gentleman so astute as the honorable Senator from
Illinois, that by the time his bill goes into opera-
tion, that is, when the election of the delegates to
form the State constitution shall be held, many
of the districts of that Territory about to be con-
verted into a State will contain a population d ouble
or perhaps ten times the number of those con-
tained within the same limits, at the time of the
first election of the Kansas Legislature. Such, I
am assured, is the difference of population in
some of the districts now. Within some of the
election districts the population has fallen off; in
others, as might rationally be expected, it has
vastly increased. The honorable Senator from
Illinois, I think, will agree with me in the justice
of an apportionment of the representation accord-
ing to the population.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The bill certainly was in-
tended to read—and I think the Senator will be
satisfied, when he examines it, that it does pro-
vide—that the ratio at the time when the conven-
tion is held is to prevail, and not the ratio now
existing; and, consequently, that objection is
avoided. If the bill read as the Senator sup-
posed, I should agree with him that it would be
very unjust.
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not doubt that the
honorable Senator is right in regard to the inten-
tion of the committee; but I think, when he
comes to examine it, he will see that no provision
is made in the bill for the changes in the popu-
lation of the districts.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It can be corrected, if it be
found so.
Mr. CLAYTON. Certainly. We both have
the same object in view in this respect. But there
is another objection which I make to a part of
his bill, and to which I desire to call his attention.
He-wishes to make ninety-three thousand four
hundred and twenty—the ratio or constituency
required for a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives—the population requisite for bringing
the State into the Union. He meant, I think,
Federal population; he has not so expressed it,
but I think he meant that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLAYTON. There is an error, then,
which can be corrected by the insertion of a few
words. My object in directing the Senator's
attention to these things has been to ascertain his
meaning in these particulars. I have another, and
still greater objection, to the bill of the Committee
on Territories; and I wish now to state it.
During the period, certainly of several years,
before Kansas can become a State under the pro-
visions of this bill, the same condition of things
which exists there now must abide and continue.
The bill proposes no immediate remedy, nor
any remedy whatever, for existing evils, until
Kansas shall become a State. Now, let us see
what is the condition of Kansas at this time. I
should regret to make any statement of the alarm-
ing state of things in that Territory not fully
warranted by the facts. I heard the debate, the
other day, on the proposition of'my distinguished
and able friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Critten---
den,] who offered a resolution here to ask the
President to send General Scott to the Territory,
for the purpose of pacification-a proposition not
deemed by some others of very great imporSnce,
but which indicated the honest, patriotic purfloses
of ms own generous and noble heart.
. When that resolution was under considera-
tion we were told by honorable gentlemen on the
other side of the Chamber, that there was great
exaggeration In regard to the condition of things
in Kansas My honorable friend from Kentucky *
acknowledged that; I thought so myself; but yet
there is much that is alarming to the mind of every
patriot, in the real condition of that Territory;
there is enough to make the heart of a true, pa-
triotic American statesman bleed, in the accounts
which are received here from that distant portion
of our country every day, and by every mail. 1
cut this morning from the Union newspaper,
published in this city, the following paragraph:
or^ t,T^S7 ™™J ,JU818—We received the following tele-
rrmtiirt m"tho n fiT a EC"t,eimln whose statements are
entitled to the confidence of oui* readers :
f>nnS^Ii!i^ATI' J w1.6 Kansas on the 8th. Con-
tinued fighting, and the excitement incieasing. About forty
^ j lfn kI,*p<j* C°lonel Sumner, with six companies
2:-™ltCKd S tes was out trying to disperse and
disarm both parties. An unsuccessful attempt had been
made to roeeuo Robinson. Met a large number of United
States troops near the line on Sunday?"
i ay> forty American citizens
killed by fratricidal hands ! Is not this enough to
shock the feelings of every man in Congress, and
every lover of his country everywhere? Gracious
Heaven! Loss than half that number of men
were slain at Lexington or Concord, and yet the
intelligence of a slaughter, so much smaller in
point of numbers than this, roused every heart
from one extremity of the continent to the other.
Shall we sit by, in perfect indifference, when
forty of our citizens have been slain, and we are
told the excitement is continually increasing?
Since this intelligence arrived, I have read of cities
and towns sacked and plundered; I have read of
horrible robberies and murders. Whether all
these accounts are true or not, f do not pretend
to say; but from this authentic statement pub-
lished m the Union—and I do not believe that
Judge Nicholson would have published such a
thing as that unless he firmly believed it on good
authority I say, sir, with such a statement as
that before me, I am prepared to accredit other
statements that men from the North and the South
have met in embattled array by hundreds, and
slam each other, as if, instead of being" citizens of
a common country, they had been the hostile
legions of nations at war, and foes from their very
childhood. "Who can contemplate such a picture
as that without horror?
What are the real causes of this state of things
m the Territory and in the whole country? Be
they what they may, the bill of the Committee
on .Territories makes no provision to remove them,
I have often said, and say again, in regard to
the people of this great nation, after studying
their character for forty years, that the only mode
of preserving* the Union is by according perfect
justice to all sections. Force can never avail
when either of these sections shall resolve to
separate. It is a fatal mistake, too, to suppose
that men in one section will bear more than they
will in the other. When contending about sec-
tional controversies, each of them "is often too
much actuated by the instincts of Hotspur, who,
though he would give " thrice so much to any
well-deserving friend, yet, in the way of bargain,
would cavil on the ninth part of a hair." Rouse
their passions by making the men of either the
North or the South believe that intentional in-
justice is committed against them, or that insult or
disrespect is meant to them, and they will fight
while there is a man left standing upon the field.
1 hose men arc of a race the most martial that ever
existed upon the face of the globe. Let no man
believe that threats of any description, or even
armed troops, will succoed m driving either north-
ern or southern men back when they are thor-
oughly convinced that a due sense of justice to
themselves,and of sclf-respect, commands them
to go on.
Among the leading eauses of disaffection in
