1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
orders for the purpose of taking up the deficiency
bill.
Mr. WELLER. There have been so many
motions made, that I should like to know what is
now the precise condition of the three million bill.
It was the unfinished business several days ago;
and 1 desire to ascertain whether it will not take
precedence, on Tuesday next, of the river and
harbor bills?
Mr. HUNTER. We may get through both
this bill and the three million bill by that time.
^ Mr. WELLER. I wish to ascertain the pre-
cise latitude and longitude of the three million
bill.
The PRESIDENT. It is the next special
order after the fortification bill, which the Chair
announced as the first special order.
The motion of Mr. Hunter, to postpone the
prior orders, was agreed to.
681
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
68) to supply deficiencies in the appropriati ons for
the service of the fiscal year ending June 30,
1856, reported by the Committee on Finance,
with amendments.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ments.
Mr. HUNTER. We had better take the ques-
tion on each amendment separately as read. It
is not neecssary to read the whole bill before we
take the question on the amendments, unless some
Senator insists upon it.
The PRESIDENT. The question will be on
agreeing- to the amendment as read, to in-
sert;
For the compensation of the officers, clerks, messengers,
and others receiving an annual salary in the service of the
Senate:
Foi the chief clerk and clerk to the Committee on Finance,
$2,413 44.
For contingent expenses of tin; Senate:
For binding. £11,000.
For lithography and engiavmsf, $'25,000.
For miscellaneous items, £5,000.
Foi the contingent expenses of the House of Represent-
atives :
For the completion of the binding of documents ordered
to be printed tor the use of the Ilonr-e, .$£9,715 56.
For the completion of the engraving oidoicd at the second
session of the Tlurtv-TJmd <Jon<*resh, $150,000.
For the engraving of maps charts, and other plates ac-
companying documents oul^ied to be printed at the first
session of the Thirtv-FouUh Confess, $19,000.
For furniture and lepans, $3,000.
For stationery for member*, #4.000.
For the pay of clerks upon the land maps for the use of
tlie Committee on Public Lands, £b,?70 80.
For the pay of nine clerks to committees of the House,
under resolutions of the piusent £5,500.
For miiccllan.joux items, $10,000; to enable the clerk to
purehasejhe Statutes at Large loi the use oi membeis of the
House of Representatives. per iv-olunon of February 51.
1H36, $o,'teo ; to enable tin* ^"cieluiy of State to pay to the
cleiks in his ollico ot class four the same compensation a«
was paid to the same class m othei evocative departments,
trom the 1st of Julv, 1853, to the 30lh of June. lo55, inclu-
sive, .$1,778 76.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
For compensation foi clerical eeivices poifoimed in the
office ot the United States Legation at London, liom De-
cember, 38.52, to August, i853, inclusive, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was to insert:
Foi fUtmg-up the court looms and conference room, and
offices for the solicitor and clerk of the Couit of Claims,
$000.
The amendment was agreed to.
*The next was to insert:
For increase of the salaiy of the Gove.noi of the Torri-
toiv of Now Mexico, imdei the act of July *27.1 $54, $1,929 ^5.
Provided, That trom and after the 30th of June. I85G. the
Governor of the Temtoiy of N'ew Mexico shall leemo an
annual s<d<uy of $2,000 as Governor, and $1,000 as supci-
intendent of Indian n flans, all other acts and paits of acts
allowing salaries to said oflieeis being hereby jepealed.
Mr. HUNTER. I will explain this item.
Originally the Governor of New Mexico received
a salary of §9,501)—$1,500 in one capacity as
Governor, and $1 ,000 as superintendent of Indian
affairs. His salary as Governor was afterwards
increased to $3,0*00. The intention of both
Houses no doubt was that $3,000 should be in
full for his services in both capacities; but the
words of lliu hiw are such, when they come to be
examined, as to give him $3,000 salary " as Gov-
ernor," and $1,000 as suponntendfiit of Indian
affairs. Such, at least, is the opinion of the Com-
mittee on Finance. They propose, therefore, to
give him that sum for the past year, and to repeal
tnc law, so that in future he shall be restricted to
$3,000 as compensation for his services m both
capacities. That is the object and effect of this
amendment-
Mr. STUART. Inasmuch as I do not agree
to the construction of the law which has been
adopted at the Treasury Department, nor to the
justice of the proposed amendment, I feel it to
be my duty to ask for a vote of the Senate upon
the distinct question raised by that amendment.
As the Senator from Virginia, has just re-
marked, it was undoubtedly the clear intention
of both Houses of Congress to give the Governor
of New Mexico $3,000 salary for all the duties
performed by him. The original act which fixes
his compensation contained language substanti-
ally this: A ccitain sum as Governor," and a
certain other sum <c as superintendent of Indian
affairs," the whole making $2,500. That is right,
I believe.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. STUART. If was suggested that this sum
of $2,500 was insufficient; and Congress, therefore,
at the last session passed a law which was in-
tended to increase the pay of the Governor $500,
so as to make his salary for both offices $3,000.
In doing it they said: 4t The salary of the Gov-
ernor of New Mexico be, and the same is hereby,
increased to the sum of $3,000." Now, the con-
struction of the Treasury Department is that, as
the original act named a certain sum to be paid
to him k< as Governor," and a certain other sum
"as superintendent of Indian affairs," the last
legislation is to increase his pay as Governor to
$3,000, and, therefore, to make his whole pay
$4,000. It seems to me, however, that it is one
of the clearest propositions m the world, that
the construction of the Treasury Department is
wrong; but, without disputing that point, it is
equally clear that Congress ought to carry out ifs
original intention, and'givc him only the $3,000.
I am aware t hat it is urged that, if the Treasury
Department has given the law this construction,
it has fixed a right. _ It has clothed the Governor
of New Mexico with a vested right to receive
$3,000 for salary as Governor, and #1,000 more
as superintendent of Indian affairs. 1 deny that
there is any such right, it is not on interference
with any right which beholds, to do just exactly
what Congress intended to do before, and that is,
to give the Governor of New Mexico annual pay
to the amount of $3,000. That was the inten-
tion, and that, 1 think, justice requires should be
done. Therefore, I shall ask for an amendment
to the amendment proposed by the Committee on
Finance, which will have,the effect of declaring,
that during the past fiscal year he shall receive
$3,000, instead of the proposition of the commit-
tee, that he shall, during the past year, receive
$4,5U0.
It may be said, perhaps, that Congress ought
to define the language of its acts so clearly that
there can be no dispute about it, but in the hurry
of legislation that is impossible. In a case like
this, where it is sought by an officer of this Gov-
ernment, on a technical construction, to obtain
what the law never intended he should have, I
hold that it is not only no interference with his
right, but it is the plainest duty of Congress to
the people, to carry out the original design of the ;
law.
I therefore move an amendment which shall '
make the restriction applicable to the post year;
and I think it can be done by substituting in the
proviso reported by tin.' committee, " 1855" for ,
" 1850," so that 11 shall read, "from and after j
the 30th of June, ]855, the Governor of the Ter- j
ritory ofNew Mexico shall receive,"&e. On that i
proposition 1 ask for the sense of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTEli. As I said before, I believe ;
the intention of both Houses was to do what the I
Sona tor from Michigan proposes, but the law is
clearly otherwise, as I think. In 3850 it was pro-
vided that the Governor of New Mexico " shall ,
receive an annual salary of isl,500 as Governor,
and $1,000 as superintendent of Indian affairs.'* :
That is the original law—the first under which he
received, anything. In 1854 it was enacted that .
" the salary of the Governor of New Mexico be, '
and the same is hereby, increased to the sum of
$3,000. Thus, by the provision of the first law, !
he was allowed $1,500 as Governor, and £1,000 i
as superintendent of Indian affairs. The second >
law increases his salary as Governor to $3,000;
and it seems to me, that under the two laws, he
is entitled to $3,000 as Governor, and $1,000 as
superintendent of Indian affairs.
We propose to give him what the words of the
law allow, and then to bring it back to what was
the original design, and what is enough—$3,000
for service in both capacities.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There may be another
reason for allowing the amendment to be adopted
in the form in which it has been presented by the
Committee on Finance. I believe additional
duties have been assigned to the Governor of
New Mexico. We have ordered public building's
to be erected in that Territory, and I think he has
been directed to superintend the construction of
those buildings,and disburse the moneys appro-
priated for that purpose. If so, I do not think
he has been paid too much. I presume that, under
the existing laws, additional compensation could
not be awarded to him for superintending the
public buildings; and for this reason, I am in-
clined more readily to concur in the construction
of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, X have another
reason for concurring with the Committee on Fi-
nance. My experience here has taught me, that
if the Treasury Department is determined to pay
money to an officer, they will pay it, no matter
what law you may pass; it does not make the
slightest difference whether the construction is
right or wrong, if they will it, it will be done.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator will allow me a
moment, I will state that the information sent to
the Committee on Finance is, that the payment
is suspended at the Treasury Department for the
purpose of ascertaining the views of Congress.
Mr. HALE. That indicates a reformation
which I am very glad to hear; but I was about
to refer the Senate to a case that occurred three
or four years ago, and I will proceed to do so:
The Navy Department sent here for an increase
of salary for one of their officers. Congress voted
it down on a direct vote to amend the regular
naval appropriation bill. They sent it a second
year, and Congress voted it down again. This
was done, I think, three times.
A Senator. What is the case?
Mr. HALE. I refer to the increased salary of
Lieutenant Davis, superintending the Nautical
Almanac. After Congress voted it down three
times on a direct proposition, the Secretary of the
Navy wrote to the Comptroller, and the Comp-
troller got up a decision, by which, in the face
of those three direct votes of Congress, he paid
him an increased salary, and paid it for the back
years, when we had been denying it. With this
experience before me, I say, that if the Depart-
ments so construe a law as to increase a man's
salai y, they will pay him the money, and it is no
use to oppose the construction of the Treasury
Department.
Mr. HUNTER. I have a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury which I wish to have read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Treasury Department, February 14, 3856.
Sir: The third section of the act of 9tl) September, 1850,
(Little & lit own 9, page 447,) provides that the Governor
of New Mexico shall perfoim the duties and receive the
emolument*' of superintendent of Indian atfans, and the
twelfth section that he shah receive an annual >alary of
$1,500 as Governor, and§1,000 as&upcimtondent of Indian
alVaus
1S\ the act of the 27th July, 1854, volume 9, paee 311, to
litcicase the salaries of e\eetuive and judiciary officers in
Ui^on, New Mexico, W.ehitejSon, Utah, and Minnesota,
it is provided " that the -alary oi the Governor of New Mex-
ico be, and the same is heieby, increased to the sum of
.x.u'oo.''
Upon application of the Governor of New Mexico, the
Cotnpti oiler ot the Trea-uty examined the. question of the
rare of compen<as ion to which he was entitled; and reported
to me in- opinion, ftom which [ am unable to dissent, that,
mulct the toie'fOiiij; piou-ions. he is entitled to $3,000 as
Goveino!, and ^l.O(K) as superintendent, making together
.$4,001), but no moie than $3,000 lias been paid, for want
of a Mitlicient appiopriation
If the committee take the same view of the mbject, an
adduionai appiopriation will he required, a* follows:
^a\, fiojii 27th July. 1851, to 30th June, 1855..$929 35
For the year to end 30th June, 1856.......... 1,000 00
Foi the year to end 30th June, 1857..... 1,000 00
Making 2.929 35
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
JAMEri GUTHRIE, Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Lewis IWCampbi-lj.,, Chuirman Committee of Ways
and Meuyrs, fToitie oj Heyrcientatives.
Mr. DODGE, Mr. President, T am in favor
