1866.]
t&pmpm tq m&m,
671
34th Conp....1st Sess.
_\e«trality Laws—Mr. (Quitman.
Ho. or Reps.
under consideration, Mr. Clay, alluding to the
Spanish Minister, said:
" He (Mr. c.) would not treat with disrespect even the
minister of Ferdinand, whose cause this bill was intended
to benefit; he is a faithful minister; if not satisfied with
making representations to the Foreign Department, lie also
attends the proceedings of the Supreme Court to watch its'
decisions; he affords but so many proofs of the fidelity for
which the representatives of Spain have always been dis-
tinguished. And how mortifying it is, sir, to hear of the
honorary rewards, and titles, and so forth, granted for these
services; for, if I am not mistaken, our act of 1817 pro-
duced the bestowal of some honor on this faithful represent-
ative of his Majesty ; and, if this bill passes which is now
before us, I have no doubt he will receive some new honor
for his further success."
Mr. Clay concluded his speech thus:
"Let us put all these statutes out of our way except that
of 1794. When was that passed ? At a moment When the
enthusiasm of liberty ran through the country with eleetric
rapidity; when the whole country, en masse, was ready to
lend a hand, and aid the French nation in their struggle,
General Washington—revered name—the Father ofhis
Countiy—could hardly resist this inclination. Yet, under
such circumstances, the act of 1794 was found abundantly
sufficient. There Was, then, no gratuitous assumption of
neutral debts. For twenty years that act has been found
sufficient; but some keen-sighted, sagacious foreign minis-
ter finds that it is not sufficient; and the act ofl817is passed.
That act we find condemned by the universal Sentiment of
the country; and I hope it will receive further condemna-
tion by the vote of the House this day."
In the course of the same debate, Mr. Robert-
son also intimated the charge, that foreign influ-
ence, more than domestic policy, produced the
passage of that lav.' He argues:
" This might be a sufficient ground for the Ministers of
Portugal, of Eugland, and of France, to proceed upon; but
shall we sympathize in their feelings on the subject, and £e
induced Ijy them to pass acts to shackleour citizens, when
it is so easy to trace their remonstrances to.a general hos-
tility to the cause of any people who are engaged in a
struggle to ameliorate their condition by changing their form
of government? It does not appear now that that act was
passed so much with a view to do what is just to ourselves,
as to accommodate the views of foreign nations."
But, alas! European ideas were too much ven-
erated; European influence prevailed, and this
unfortunate system was ingrafted upon us.
The objections to this act, as interpreted in our
day, are:
Its creation of constructive crimes;
Its denial of the right of expatriation, and,
under certain circumstances, of emigration even;
Its prohibition of the right of the citizen, in
8om& cases, to avail himself of the rewards of his
skill, his ingenuity, or his labor;
Its joading with onerous burdens, and punish-
ing with severe penalties, fair commercial enter-
prises and speculations;
Its conferring upon the President and the col-
lectors of ports powers inconsistent with the prin-
ciples and dangerous to the institutions of our
country;
Its branding aa criminal, acta noble, generous,
and patriotic in themselves;
Its assuming to treat the citizens of a free coun-
try as the subjects or property of the Government.
_ If all these obnoxious features do not appear
distinctly in the act, the construction which has
been placed upon them by, at least, one of the
judges of the Supreme Court, has marked them
in bold and unmistakable outlines.
There is, however, at the start, a still more
serious objection to the whole of this legislation.
It is not only not warranted by the Constitution—
it is an attempt to take away from a free people
rights which they have never surrendered. It is,
to say the leaBt, founded on an entire misconcep-
tion of the relations which exist between the Go v-
ernmentand the people under our peculiar system.
This Federal Government is a limited one.
Constituted by the Statesin their sovereign capa-
city, it possesses no, powers but those clearly
delegated to it in the compact of union. This
character of our Government is npt left to infer-
ence: it is stamped in express words upon the
instrument that created it. There it rests, and
casuistry cannot blot it out. The " powers not
delegated are reserved." The. enumeration
of certain rights shall not be construed-to deny
or disparage others retained by the people."
When, therefore, it is proposed to legislate upon
any subject, the first inquiry must be, whether
that subject is within the jurisdiction of Con-
gress? The broadest constructionist does not
pretend that crimes and misdemeanors, generally,
are within the jurisdiction of the Federal Gov- j
eminent. Whence, then, are <feriye<| the powers 11
claimed under the act in question? To what
clause of the Constitution do you trace them •'
There is no semblance of a warrant for them to
be found in the Constitution, unless they he in-
cluded in the power to define and punish " offense* „ . . .
against the law of nations." If the grant of" : avoid furnishing myenemy with the means of making war."
power be not contained in that clause, it is not to „oob ^L^
provided it does not refuse to «ell them to ipe also, it car-
ries on its trade without any design of injuring me; and m
continuing it the same as if I was not engaged in war, that
nation givesme no just cause of complaint." * * * "It
is certain that, as they have no part in my quarrel, they at?
under no obligations to abandon their trade, that they may
A Al inUina ... ■   n    * **- it- _    — _   _ - —1--'    .... u * %
be found in any place. The act, to be defined
| and punished, must be an offense against the law
! of nations. To offenses of that class is this power
,; limited} to them alone can it be applied. Will it
; | be pretended that, under this power to define and
11 punish, Congress has power to go out of the law
of nations, and make offences or crimes of those
acts which, by the law of nations, are not con-
| demned? If so, the whole field of criminal juris-
prudence is thrown open to Federal legislation,
and the specification of" a limitation becomes ab-
surd. For instance, the sale pf breadstuff's, or of
clothing, by one of our citizens, to a nation at
war with a friendly Power, is not forbidden by
the law of nations. Will.it be assumed, then,
that Congress, under the power above quoted,
can make such sale a penal offense ? Why can
this not be done ? Because the act is not an of-
fense against the law of nations. That law is
no obligations of sacrificing to me.'
• The auestion, then, recurs, has Congress a
right to brand as criminal, aets deafly permitted
by the law of nations ?
The sixth section of the act proposed to be re-
pealed, although in its phraseology, and still
more in the interpretation which judicial advo-
cates of constructive powers have placed upon it,
it is more odious to the unaffected impulses of
the American heart than any of the others, is
still not sq. palpably at variance with the rights
of neutrals, conceded by the laws of nations.
This section forbids, under severe penalties, any
person within our territory to begin, set on foot,
provide, or prepare the means, for any military
expedition or enterprise, to be carried from this -
oountry against the territories of any foreign
prince or people with whom we are at peace.
This clause, if strictly construed, according to
the rules which should govern the interpretation
IncZ™Nn L $L?lZn fJ-Uti™ttV p0sitivt; ex,ist- of penal statutes, means only to forbid-military
•-^^raJbisai
but it has been construed by Government officials,
executive and judicial, to embrace in its penal
denunciations those who separately, as private
individuals, and without military organization,
may choose to leavei our countiy, witn or with-
out arms, to combing together elsewhere, for the
purpose of aiding am oppressed people to achieve
i their political independence. Such acts, on the
part of citizens, do not involve the neutrality of
our country; therefore, penal laws to punish
them are not only beyond the scope of- congres-
sional powers, but are also infringements ,on the-
unquestionable right of the citizen as well to ex-
patriate himself, and unite his fortunes with those
of another political community, as to emigrate to
foreign lands, and there follow pursuits which
ing the act of 1818 by these rules, its leading
provisions are clearly without thy pale of the
authority of Congress. The very title of the act,
as if in contempt of the limitations of the Consti-
tution, proclaims it a usurpation. Instead of
an act to define and punish offenses against the law
of nations, it purports to be "An act for the pun-
| ishmentof certain crimes againstthe United States."
j Like the alien and sedition laws, it attempts to
: make a crime of that which was before not even an
offense. Nov, the law: of nations, even as known
and acted upon in Europe, where the Government,
I generally, nas entire control over the citizen, or
| rather the subject—there, I repeat, the law of
nations does not regard it as an .offense for the
| citizen to take service under a foreign Govern-
; irtherlrrLWltVaUeie(bd!3,^chT^ec. 110)glvfs ZFmly. ^ klC°n8iStent Whh his ileglan«e*t0 his
the rulfi and fi*Rmnle! « ,
the rule and example:
" The quarrels of another cannot deprive me of the free
disposition of my rights in the pursuit of measures which I
judge advantageous to my country. Therefore, when it is
a custom in a nation, in order for employing and exercising
its subjects, to permit levies of troops in favor of a Power in
whom it is plpased to confider the enemy of this Power can-
not call these permissions hostilities." * * "He cannot
even claim, with any right, that the like should be granted
him," Jtc. * * * a The Switzerg grant levies of
troops to whom they please, and nobody has thought proper
to quarrel with them on iBis head."
If, then, it be not an offense against the law of
nations, even according to the European code,
I have thua, Mr. Chairman, in this brief argu-
ment, considered the constitutionality of this law,
with reference to ,the European views of the law
of nations. I have shown that the act of 1818'
restrains individual rights, private enterprise, and
personal liberty, beyond the requirements of the
international code; and consequently, is without
the pale of congressional powers. The power
" to define and punish offenses against the law of
nations" wap confided by the Constitution to
Congress, not to the Executive or judiciary, for
w . ..   the sole purpose of preventing individuals from
for the citizen of any neutral State to take service compromising the neutrality of the United States
ft AAHIS *-V * MmA. A*.  1 A - - . " . . * 1 Ti M   J ^ . J 1 1     _ A . 1 J 1 *
under a belligerent nation, what constitutional
power has Congress to prohibit the right of a free
American citizen to lend his intellect, his wealth,
or his sword, to any cause which he believes to
be just? And yet the first and second sections of
the act of 1818 declare the exercise of this right
to be a high crime, and worthy of fine and im-
prisonment.
The third, fifth, eighth, ninth, and eleventh
sectionsjpf the act are obnoxious to objections of
a similar character. They, in substance, forbid,
under severe penalties, the selling, fitting out,
arming, furnishing, or adding to the force of any
ship or vessel intended to be employed in the ser-
vice of any foreign State, or to cruise or commit
hostilities against the citizens, subjects, or prop-
erty of any foreign State; and, furthermore, they
invest the President and the collectors of ports
with extraordinary powers, to seize and detain '
suspected vessels. Now, many of these acts, if-I
not all of them, thus made criminal and highly
penal, are in strict conformity with the rights of
neutrals, acknowledged by the law. of nations, j
The property thus risked may, if seized by a I
belligerent, be confiscated; but the neutrality of
the country whose citizens are engaged in such
trade has never been considered as violated there-
by. Vattel, in the same connection, proceeds
thus:
" Further, it may be affirmed, on the same principles, that,
ifa nation trades in arms, timber, ships, military stores, &c.,
I cajuiot take it amiss that it sells such thing^toioy enemy,'
It was never intended to control the private enter-
prises or speculations of the people. So far, then,
a(s these enterprises do not, according to the estab-
lished international code, involve the neutrality
of the Government, it is powerless to restrain,
them, because the right to do so.hap.never been
delegated. The Government is. responsible to thiq
citizen but not for him* He may commit, with-
out responetibili/y to any earthly power, many
deeds which the Government cannot so commit.
The latter is always responsible, The American
citizen sits enthroned, within the charmed circle
of his reserved rights, the monarch of his own
actions. The reservation of these individual,
j rights is the noblest feature of our system; and
j he is its worst enemy who, by legislative usurp-
[ ation or judicial construction, would seek .to imr
pair them The true patriot should watch and
gH«u;d them from secret as well as.open foes.
Even if the penai laws which I have arraigned
were strictly constitutional, I would still oppose,
them as unwise, impolitic, and against the,genius,
of our free institutions. They are founded upon,
the false assumption that the Government should
direct the morals and control 'the sentiment of
i the people. It is sheer political hypocrisy, or,
! at least, self-stultification, to crown with honor
the memory of the good man La Fayette, whose
portrait is aeemed worthy to decorate this repub-
lican Hall, in company with that of our own
Washington, in our gratitude for the aid which, ,
in de^pite of;his country's laws, he rendered us.
