1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
currence of Congress, which must appropriate funds for
the purpose, befoie even a corporal's guard can be moved.
Ci r*o contracted is the actual authority of the President,
that but IV tli'* piotective power of his qualified veto, his
conmrmd might be *o restricted by legislation as tode&tioy
ltt- u1i!it\ It i?> m the power of Congress not only to pro-
tect itself, but to embarrass the action of the Executive at
every i-tfp. It may prohibit the approach of troops within
ti certain distance from the Capitol—it may raise troops for
t-eiviee, *ucfi as to garrison a particular fort or to
opeiatc ni a particular district, and may declare that this
coip-3 shall &erve nowhere else."
Sustained, Mr. President, by the example of
the House of Commons, and by the authority of
James Madison, and by the authority I have just
quoted, the House of Representatives—the Re-
publican party—will not shrink from the issue
tendered by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Hunter.] That Senator told us that he would
appeal to the people—that he would arraign the
House, the Republican party, before the people,
and charge them with attempting to go into power
over the rums of a broken Constitution. Sup-
ported by " right, by reason,and by the Consti-
tution," and by the proud consciousness that we
are contending for the rights, liberties, and lives
of the wronged people of distant Kansas, against
the exercisc of usurped and arbitrary power, we
tpll the Senator from Virginia that we will meet
him before the tribunal of the people. I say to
thnt Senator, I say to his compeers, we are ready
this day and this hour to adjourn to the forum of
the people. Will you do it. Senators of the Ad-
mimst]ation? Will you do it? You will not do
it! You dare not do it! No, Senators, you dare
not do it!
Passing, Mr. President, fiom the consideration
of the chaise of "unconstitutionality," so flip-
pantly made by the honorable Senators from
Viiguiia, [Mossss. Hunter and Mason*,] and the
Senator fiom Connecticut, [Mr. Toticey,] I pro-
ceed to notice the charge made by these Senators,
that this action of the House is " unparliament-
ary." From the words of these Senators, and
from their votes, I will demonstrate that this
action of the House is not contrary to the par-
liamentary practice of the two Houses of Con-
gress. By the words and by the \otes of these
Senators, I mean now to meet their reckless as-
sertions. In the closing days of the session of
1649, Mr. Walker, of Wisconsin, offered an
amendment to the civil and diplomatic bill, to
extend over the territories acquired from Mexico
by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, the Consti-
tution of the United States, the revenue laws,
the laws concerning the public lands, and other
acts of Congress of a public and general char-
acter. Tins amendment then goes on to confer,
in the words of Mr. Wctlkcr, " mighty powers"
noon the Executive. I ask the Secretary to read
this amendment. Let the Senators from Vir-
ginia who now pronounce this proviso " un-
constitutional, unparliamentary, revolutionary,"
hear tins amendment, clothing the President with
dictatorial powers, and which they voted to place
upon the civil and diplomatic bill, read. Let the
Senate here it read, so that we may contrastthese
Senators in lt>5(5 with these Senators in 1849:
'• The Pre-«-.dentof the United States be, and he is hereby,
ni'thoijy.ed to pie-ctibHimd er-tabli-h ail propel and neediul
jii!-'- and regulations (in conioinuty with the Constitution
or the Tinted States) lor the entoicement of said laws in
s-aid Temtoiy, and for the preservation of order and tian-
qu.ihn . and "tin- establishment of justice therein, and from
time to tune to modify or change the said mles and regula- i
tion-- m tiich manner a*- may teem to him discreet and i
pioper; and in.iv prescribe and establish, temporarily, such [
divisions distuct-*, potts, office*., and arrangements proper j
lor the execution of said buvs, and appoint and commission ■
miH) othceis may be necessary to administer such laws \
in said Territory lor such term or terms a« he may pre- |
sctibe. \vbo<e authority --hail continue until otherwise pro- ■
\uied h\ Congre-s; said officer to receive such eompen.-a- j
t,on a^'hc 1'ie-ident may presenile, not exceeding double j
tbe eiunpcn-ation licietovore paid to-malar officers of the i
T'mied States or it> Territ'ones, for like seivices; and to !
eoable the ^ime to be done, the sum of .$~2UO.UOO bo appro- j
pii,fieri out of any money ut the Treasury not otherwise '
Eippiop nitcd."' j
Messrs. Dell,Butler,Douglas,Fitzpatrick, ;
Houston, Hunter, Ma&on, Rusk, feebastia.\t, [
Vri,ke—ten Senators on the other side of the ]
Chamber, voted, m 1849, to incorporate this ex-
traordinary proposition into the civil and diplo-
matic bill. It was carried through the Senate by
a \ ofe of 29 to "21—lost in the House by 100 yeas
to I (4 nays. General Dix, of i\ew York, thus
described this proposition:
(l It is literally arming him with dictatorial po>cers. It
appears to me to delegate to him, nearly m the language of
the Constitution, the power under which the authority to
establish governments for the Territories has been claimed.
And, sir, if the President elect, on taking into his hands the
reins of Government, should find himself, in respect to the
States, a le s absolute ruler than lie was at the head of his
auny, he will, m respect to these Territories, be anfply
indemnified for any diminution of authority he may have
sustained by exchanging a military for a civil station. He
will find himself in the possession of larger powers than he
ever before possessed." * * * <* The object of the
amendment of the Seziatoi from Wisconsin is more than
temporary, whatever its language may import. It has no
limitation in point of time. The powers it confers aie
equally unlimited in scope and duration."
The Hon. John M. Niles, of Connecticut, char-
acterized the proposition in language not to be
misunderstood. He said:
" The proposition is startling, and is there any example
for it? I deny the right and authority of Congress to dele-
gate its legislative powers to the Executive. The Consti-
tution does not authorize this." * * * * f< And is it sup-
posed that the people of these Territories will quietly sub
mit to an arbitrary government of this kind.'' Will they
submit to a despotism—to the government of one man—and
to be deprived of all participation in the Government you
establish over them?" * * " Can there be any example
tound m modern tunes of a colonial system like tin's ? Ate
the colonies of any of the Curopean Powers subjected to a
system so despotic as tins? We are m the habitof consid-
ering the Butish Government as austocratic and aiburary;
but has it any colonies subject to a despotic system like this ?
Would any minister dare to propose such a system ? If any
one were to do it, he would be driven from his post with
disgrace and infamy." * * * " it gives power to make
laws generally, and all plenary powers of legislation, to the
President. And what is a despotism, if this is riot ? Does
it not embrace alt the essential elements of arbitrary, un-
regulated, and unrestrained power? A despotism, at-defined
by Montesquieu, was a union of all the powers of the Gov-
ernment—the legislative, executive, and judicial powers
aie all in it. And this proposition comes pretty neui to the
same thing."
This extraordinary proposition, thus charac-
terized by two distinguished statesmen, was sus-
tained by the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hun-
ter] in an earnest and, I need not say, eloquent
speech. Mr. Walker, on opening his remarks
for the proposition, said that several Senatois
had requested him to withdraw the amendment
from the civil and diplomatic bill, and ho ex-
pressed a willingness to do so, if the Senate indi-
cated a wish that he should do so. The Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Mason] promptly responded
by saying, that, if the Senator withdrew it, he
" would renew it." Yes, sir, this Senator, who
now pronounces the action of the House 4{ un-
parliamentary, unconstitutional, revolutionary,55
not only sustained this proposition, which clothf d
the Executive with " mighty powers," by lus
vote, but he threatened to renew it if it should be
withdrawn by the mover, in compliance with the
request of other Senators. The Senator was
willing to unite with twenty-eight other Senators,
and force twenty-seven Senators who were op-
posed to the proposition, to vote against the ap-
propriation bill, or vote for a proposition they
would not approve. At the last session of the
Thirty-Third Congress, the House of Represent-
atives incorporated into the civil and diplomatic
bill five sections, making a sweeping change in
the revenue laws. This was not only general
legislation upon an appropriation bill, but it was
legislation of the highest importance to the people
and the Government—a proposition not only
affecting the revenue, but affecting the business
interests of the people. The bill was referred to i
the Committee on Finance, at the head of which
was the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunier.]
He, as chairman of the committee, reported in
favor of this general legislation upon the appro-
priation bill. The veteran Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Clayton] moved to strike out these five
sectionsconcerning the revision of the tariff. The
Senator from Vngima resisted the motion, and
in reply to the remark of the Senator from Del-
aware and others, he defended this proposed
general legislation. He admitted that he was
generally opposed to [(tacking" upon the appro-
priation'bills measures of general legislation, but
he contended that the practice had been m favor
of such legislation. I quote from his speeches on
that occasion to show that he did not think in
1855, any more than in 1849, that this kind of
legislation was unpailiamentary, unconstitu-
tional, revolutionary."
"There maybe no p:ereu 'nt," says the Senator, "which
has gone to this length, t ut there have been prcedei'tr—-
indeed hardly an aj> propria! io:i parses which does net con-
tain one, >o far as the j>nnriple i> concerned." * * *
'•And while I admit the «renciul rule, I must at tht same
time be allowed to say thai there are exceptions; and 1. think
this case presents one-
"The Senate, whenever it has any favorite object in
view, makes no scruple in overriding the rule for the pur-
pose of putting it on a bill which may force it though.
iVTy friend from South Carolina [Mr. Uoti.er] has r. erred
to the fact, thai they put the incongruous clause, aboLshinjr
flogging in the Navy, in a general appropriation bill. I may
say that the whole general legislation for the Naru and
•firiny has been, for the last five or su; years, done on general
appropriation bills."
"Hardly an appropriation passes," exclaims
the Senator from Virginia, "which does not con-
tain general legislation, so far as the principle is
concerned!" "The general legislation for the
Army and Navy," he tells us, "has been done
on general appropriation bills!" Now it is "un-
parliamentary" for the House to put this proviso -
into the bill!"
The Senator from Virginia nearest to me, [Mr.
Mason,] who will not even consider the expedi-
ency of repealing the obnoxious Kansas laws
until the House backs square down from this
amendment, supported his colleague in theefforts
to force through a revision of the tariff by means
of the civil and diplomatic bill. He said:
" Sir, we have found from practical experience that, at
least at the short session of Congress* you can get no ineas-
ine through, unless you can make that measuie avail itself of
the vehiele of an appropriation bill. This is not the first in-
stance. There is no precedent in this. The precedent has
been established befoie. It startles honoiable gentlemen,
because it is a groat measure* which is placed in this vehicle
in order to get it through; but we have measures compar-
atively minor every day made to avail themselves of the
bdmc aid of getting through in legislation."
" There is no precedent," exclaims the Sena-
tor, " in this. The precedent has been estab-
lished before!" Yes, sir, "the precedent has
been established;" yet the Senator who uttered
those words in March, 1855, makes this Cham-
ber echo with his anathemas upon the House for
acting upon "established precedent." Oh, con-
sistency ! thou art indeed a jewel! The Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Toucey] came to the aid
of his fuends from Virginia. That Senator said:
<l Hut I lose only foi the put pose of vindicating the course
of thf committee. 1 am oppo-cd to blendmg in our legis-
lation subject-* that are not connected. I think it is wrong.
IVhcn Ixitonz, I mean impolitic. We have a right, a
pei feet right, and without eoercion, to adopt tins measure,
if we appiovo ot it. We have a right, a pertect light, to
reject it i! we di.-approvc ot it."
In 1855 it was only " impolitic to blond in legis-
lation subjects not connected!" " When I say
wrong, I mean impolitic," exclaimed the Sen-
ator fiom Connecticut then. Now, it is "un-
parliamentary, unconstitutional, revolutionary!"
Is this statesmanlike? Is this worthy of the Sen-
ate of the TInited States ? That Senator went so
far, tiie other day, as to tell us that the House
knew the Senate was opposed to the proviso!
Well, sir, supposing the House did know the
Senator from Connecticut and iiis compeers on
that side of the Chamber did not relish this pro-
viso, were the members bound to surrender their
own judgments to gratify tiie wishes and meet
the exigencies of those Senators? Perhaps it
would save a great deal of trouble if the Senate
should send down to the House, •whenever it
made a proposition, that it would be distasteful
to the Senate to send the matter up here. Such
a sentiment is better fitted for the Senate of Louis
Napoleon than for this Chamber. This proviso
is " revolutionary, unparliamentary, unconstitu-
tional," because the Ilouse knew that it was dis-
tasteful to the Senate. Sir, such a suggestion as
this would excite a smile, if uttered by a third-
rate county court lawyer in some justice's court.
I disnMss it from this Chamber.
While the proposition of the Senator from
Delaware was pending, to strike out of the bill
the sections relating to the revision of the revenue
laws, Mr. Wells, then a Senator here, compli-
mented the Senator from Virginia foi lismg above
| the little technicalities of parliamentary practice,
1 and standing upon his " rights and piivileges."
! Mr. Weils said:
! t honor him more than ever after the language which
he ha- u-e,l here to-night, that he. as ail Amencan -tate<
! man. ami an American citizen, will excrete the right* and
] piivtSesjt- wmch lie po^e-se-, ami ili-chaige the duties
\vh), h are ineumtient upon hurt, independent ot' any of
these technical tianuneK"
H This compliment, so generously tendered by
| the Senator from New Hampshire, was grace-
, fully, and I doubt not, sir, gratefully received by
the Senator from Virginia. I think the other
. Sen.itor from Virginia,and the Senator from Coa-
j; xiecticut
the Finarr
- lil > ujiina,uuu
vho last year ruse with the chairm&n
ce Committee- abuve " technical tram'
