i m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 16.
the North are the lays of Kansas. I desire to
point out those laws in existence in'this Territory
that are palpably unjust, oppressive, and some
of them unconstitutional—laws which I submit
to the Senate it is the duty of Congress to repeal.
First among these, I designate the law of that
Territory which I hold in my hand, which pro-
claims that no man shall hold office or vote in that
Territory unless he will swear to support the
fugitive slave law. It is in these words:
" Sec. IX. Every free white male citizen of tlie United
States, and every free white male Indian who is made a cit-
izen by treaty or otherwise, and over the age of twenty-one
years, who shall be an inhabitant of this Territory, and of
the county or district in which he offers to vote, and shall
/ have paid a territorial tax, shall be a qualified elector for
all elective offices ; and all Indians who are inhabitants of
this Territory, and who may have adopted the customs of
the white man, and who are liable to pay taxes, shall be
deemed citizens: Provided, That no soldier, seaman, or
marine, in the regular Army or Navy of the United States,
shall be entitled to vote by reason of being in service therein:
And provided further, That no person who shall have been
convi. ied of any violation of any provision of an act of
Cong^ss entitled 4 An act respecting fugitives from justice
ajid* persons escaping fio'm the service of their masters,'
approved February 12,1793; or of an act to amend and sup-
plementary to said act, approved 18th of September, 1850,
whether such conviction were by criminal proceeding or
by civil action for the recovery of any penalty prescribed by
either of said acts, in any courts of the United States, or of
any State of Territory, of any offense deemed infamous,
shall be entitled to vote at any election, or to hold any office
in this Territory: And provided farther, That if any person
offering to vote shall be challenged and required to take an
oath or affirmation, to be administered by one of the judges
of the election, that he will sustain the provisions of the
above recited acts of Congress, and of the act entitled 'An
act%to organize the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas,'
approved May 30, 1854, and shall refuse to take such oath
or affirmation, the vote of such person shall be lejected.
" Sec. 12. Every person possessing the qualification of a
voter, as hereinbefore prescribed, and who shall have re-
sided in this Territory thirty days prior to the election at
which he may offer himself as a candidate, shall be eligible
as a delegate to the House of Representatives of the United
States, to either branch of the Legislative Assembly, and
ta all other offices in this Ten itory, not otherwise especially
provided for: Provided, however, That each member of the
Legislative Assembly, and every officer clected or appointed
to office under the laws of this Territory, shall, in addition to
the oath or affirmation specially piovided to be taken by
such officer, take an oath or uffirmatio  to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, the provision* of an act en-
titled < An act respecting fugitives from justice and persons
escaping from the service of their masteis,' approved Feb-
runiy 12, 1853, and of an act to amend, and supplementary
to, said last mentioned net, approved September 18,
and of an act entitled i An act to otgamzo the Territories
of Nebraska and Kansas,' approved May 30, 18T>-J."
I denounce this as an unjust and cruel law against
one section of the Union, and an insult to honor-
able men who differ totally with me on great ques-
tions of politics, and yetare as honest as I urn, or
any wan on this floor. What right have you to
put a now test for office or for the enjoyment of
the right of suffrage into the law, and to demand
of them that they shall swear to support that
fugitive slave act ? You have the right to punish
them if they refuse obedience to it, but you can
go no further. I am one of those who believe
the fugitive slave iaw to be constitutional, and I
am ready to support it. I should never question
it; I should sustain it; but, sir, I know, and you
all know, that there are men who are as warmly
attached to your country as you or your own
brothers can be, as faithful ana true to their alle-
fiance as any men in the Union, who nevercould
e prevailed upon, when asked to consent to such
a test as that as a qualification for an officer, or
a voter, to take the oath. This injustice is deeply
felt throughout the North, and nothing short of
its unqualified repeal can ever restore fraternal
concord to this people.
I hold this injustice to be unexampled. I trust
the honorable gentleman from Illinois will fully
agree with me in this, for I think his own bill,
providing for the qualifications of voters when
Kansas shall come into the Union as a State:
utterly repudiates the whole idea that they shall
be sworn to support the fugitive slave law. If
the bill of the Committee on Territories be ex-
amined, I think it will be found that it proposes
to introduce Kansas into the Union as a State,
requires of no citizen of the United States to
swear to support the fugitive slave law, or any
other act of Congress. Sir, it is a thing unheard
of in the history of the country, that in the intro-
duction of a Territory into the Union as a State,
or in the formation of a territorial government,
you «hould require men in the Territory to swear
to support your acts of Congress. You have a
right to demand of them that they shall swear to
support the great paramount Kw of the land—the
Constitution of the Upited States. The attempt
to go further is most dangerous as a precedent.
It may happen, if you sustain such a principle
as that, after full and calm deliberation} that in the
future history of this country, som,e faction
stronger than any other may demand, as a test
for voting in the Territories, and in the States at
last, to swear to support some favorite law of
theirs that may retain them and the tyrants who
control them in power forever. This legislation
is hostile to all the principles of the Kansas and
Nebraska act itself; I hold that law now in my
hand; I will read the section which makes pro-
vision in regard to the subject of voting. It is the
fifth section of the Kansas and Nebraska act:
" Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That every free white
male inhabitant, above the age of twenty-one years, who
shall be an actual resident of said Territory, and shall pos-
sess the qualifications hereinafter prescribed, shall be en-
titled to vote at the first election, and shall be eligible to
any office within the Territory; but the qualifications of
voters, and of holding office, at all subsequent elections,
shall be such as shall be prescribed by the Legislative As-
sembly: Provided
said the careful draughtsman of that act,
" That the right of suffrage, and of holding office, shall be
exercised only by citizens of the United States, and those
who shall have declared on oath their intention to become
such, and shall have taken an oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States and the provisions of this act: And
provided further, That no officer, soldier, seaman, or marine,
or other person in the Army or Navy of the United States,
or attached to troops in the service of the United States,
shall be allowed to vote or hold office in said Territory, by
reason of being on service therein."
He demanded of no citizen of the United States
to swear to support even the Constitution of the
United States, or the provisions of this very act.
Nothing of that sort was dictated by him. The
whole idea grew up in Kansas among the heated
partisans there. But, sir, I hold it to be wrong in
principle and fatal in practice. I trust in God we
shall have the justice to repeal it, and to suffer
every resident citizen in the Territory to come
up, and, on the true principles contained in the
Kansas-Nebraska act, to vote.
Then, again, there is another statute in force
in the Territory to which I respectfully invite the
attention of the Senate; I will not read it, as it
has been read by other gentlemen. It is an act
which, in the strongest terms, denies to any man
residing in the Territory of Kansas the right to
write, or to print, or speak, or m any way publish
or declare that he denies the legality of the ex-
istence of slavery in the Territories: and it pun-
ishes any man who makes a declaration of that
description, with penitentiary and hard labor for
not less than two years. It does not provide how
many more years than two the man shall be in
the penitentiary at hard labor, but not less than
two years. He who entertains an honest opinion
on a question of law, whether or not slavery
rightfully exists in Kansas, if he has happened to
get wrong, must go into the penitentiary and stay
there not less than two years,at hard labor. Sir,
to announce the fact is to show the disgraceful
character of the act. Not a man, here or any-
where else, can be found to stand up and defend
such an enactment. It would send hundreds of
able jurists and even southern slaveholders to
the penitentiary, who deny the right of Congress
to legislate on the subject of slavery, and of
course deny its right to delegate a power which
Congress cannot exercise to a Territorial Legis-
lature, while the same men also believe that sla-
very is a creaturc of the municipal law, and can-
not exist anywhere, propria vigore, or merely by
virtue of the provisions of the Constitution.
I acknowledge the propriety of the existing law
of Kansas, which is to protect the slaveholder
there in the enjoyment of his property. There
are there, at this time, as some say, more than a
thousand slaves; others say there are really very
few there. But some men have gone there upon
the faith of the laws as they found them existing
on the public statute-book, published by the au-
thority of the United States; and to pass a law
now to sweep away all the clauses which protect
them in the enjoyment of their slave property
would be a tyranny scarcely less than that which
I have been attempting to expose, and which is
to be found in the laws against the opposite sec-
tion of the Union.
I know very well that on this point I shall be
in opposition to northern gentlemen. I know
very well what they contend for. I know they
contend that they have proved or will prove that
the people of Missouri, and not the people of
Kansas, elected many members of the Legislature
of Kansas. But, sir, I appeal to their sense of
justice, and I ask them no;w, if you had a Free-
Soil or a Free-State majority in the Legislature
of Kansas, could you find it in your hearts to
sacrifice the property of southern gentlemen who,
in good faith, have carried their slaves into that
Territory, and set them all free? I say it with
perfect respect, that I think honorable, generous,
high-minded men, from the northern country,
could not consent to divest the sacred rights of
property which are protected by these laws. If
the people of the Territory shall elect, under the
provisions of the bill 1 am about to offer, Free-
State men, slavery in the Territory will not exist
after the present year. Then, in the spirit of
conciliation, and in the desire to do perfect justice,
I ask them to consent to let the laws which have
introduced slavery—if you please to call them
such, or which protect slavery there for the pres-
ent—remain on the statute-book, after the repeal
of those odious laws to which I have called your
attention, and all other laws which affect the
liberty of speech and the liberty of the press, or
that tend to violate any of the great fundamental
principles of the Kansas and Nebraska law.
After restoring perfect equality between the
northern and southern men in the Territory—as
the bill I offer effectually does—I appeal to the
generosity and the justice of gentlemen from the
North to suffer these laws to stand unrepealed on
the statute-book, till the question is decided by
a fair election of a Legislative Assembly, for
which fair election the bill makes ample pro-
vision.
Mr. President, there is another measure, indis-
pensable to a fair election, provided in the bill
which I have prepared. It proposes to take a
new census of the Territory. It authorizes the
Secretary of State, who has always been at the
head of the census department of this Govern-
ment, to appoint commissioners to go into the
Territory and take a faithful census of every elec-
tion district there, and of the whole Territory. It
then directs that he shall apportion representa-
tion in the Legislature, according to the popula-
tion in the Territory, as nearly as may be. It
directs that a faithful return of the census and of
the apportionment shall be made, and it further
directs that these commissioner? shall appoint
proper and faithful judges of the elections. It
provides suitable penalties against every man
who attempts to overawe or intimidate any voter
about to vote in the Territory, and inflicts severe
penalties on those, wherever they may be found,
who shall dare attempt to obstruct the freemen of
the Territory when about to exercise the right of
suffrage. It places men from all sections precisely
on the same basis; and because of its perfect
justice, its strict maintenance of equality be-
tween men from all parts of the country, it makes
its appeal to you, Senators, this day, for your
suffrages to pass it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
appointed for the consideration of the special
order has arrived.
Mr. CLAYTON. I shall consume but little
more of your time. A few moments more and I
shall yield the floor.
A reference to the bill will show that provision
is made for other abuses of the legislative power
in Kansas, to which I have no time now to refer.
Mr. President, I am very well aware that this
measure, concocted during a period of severe per-
sonal suffering and sickness, may be a very im-
perfect one. I have only to say to gentlemen, who
are much more capable of framing such a bill than
I can pretend to be, that it is an honest effort to
restore peace and concord, and to prevent those
disastrous consequences of unjust and oppressive
legislation which are threatening the country.
I have to ask now of every Senator to assist me
in doing something to allay the storm which is
howling all around us. Do not tell me that all
this is merely a political'tempest. I know well
how much of it is political. I am no novice in
the world of politics. I know well how political
men will seek to create and.to magnify panics in
the country; but I know that the measures to
which I have referred, and which I propose to
repeal, have touched the Hearts of the people, and
excited the honest indignation of men who are not
