672
appendix to the congressional globe.
[June 19,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Politics of the Country—Mr. Lindley.
Ho. of Reps.
ill the dark hour of our revolutionary struggle, if
we are by legislation to stigmatize as criminal the
efforts of our own citizens to bear assistance to
a neighboring people, groaning under the yoke of
an iron despotism—a despotism to which the
condition of our ancestors was almost a state of
freedom.
If our moral and national obligations to other
nations require us to curb, by severe penal stat-
utes, the adventurous and progressive spirit of
our people, and we have the constitutional right
to do so, let the bond be executed. If no such
obligations rest upon us, and. we are left free to
consult the best interests of our country, it is my
opinion that, even if we had the power to retard
the progression of the age, it would not be exactly
the peifection of wisdom for us to do so. Keep-
ing in view the remarkable and interesting con-
dition of adjacent countries, we cannot fail to
perceive that we have reached an epoch, pregnant
with mighty events. A year, a month even, may
determine whether Mexico, Central America, and
Cuba, shall be European or American. If, as I
fear, the eyes of the two great Powers of western
Europe are directed to their acquisition, how easy
would it be for them, with their fleets and their
armies now unemployed, to effect their purposes?
How long, bloody, and destructive, would oe the
struggle, should we attempt to assert the rights
which, since the days of Monroe, we have claimed
upon this continent,and which,but for the ignor-
ant policy of the act of 1818, we would now-
peaceably and without violence possess ! But for
that act, Tehuantepec, Nicaragua, and perhaps
all Central America, would be now Americanized,
advancing and prosperous, under a liberal and i
stable form of government. In Cuba the tyrant-
flag of gold and blood would have given place to
the tri-color of independence, or to the starry and
more glorious banner that floats " o'er the land
of the free, and the home of the brave." The
bayonets of Spain, with the war-ships of France J
and England, could not have supported in that j
lovely island an unrelenting despotism, had not
the private American aid, invoked by the patriots ;
of Cuba, been cut off by the stringent application :
of this law.
An able editorial of the Union, under date of
March 11, 1855, truly says:
"The well-known fact that Spain is indebted to the
United States for the continuance of her dominion in
Cuba, so far from inclining her to be grateful or even just,
has only made her more arrogant and insensible to reason
or liberality. But the neutrality laws of the United States,
which are fkr more strict than those of any other Govern-
ment, Cuba would at this moment have been at least in-'
dependent, if not annexed to this Confederation, had such
been its desire. The Government of the United States
was the great instrument that arrested what in a few
months would have been an invasion that no power in or
oat of Cuba could have resisted. The Government of the
United States preserved Cuba to Spain," fcc.
Who will say that liberal civil institutions,
borne over our borders by the energy of freemen,
and planted in the misruled countries around us,
would not have promoted civilization, and added
to the sum of human happiness? What American
patriot, who appreciates the beneficent results to
our country wnich might have flowed from stich
sources, by not only securing our safety, but
also many incalculable commercial advantages, ;
does not deeply regret the false policy that man-
acles our hands, while those of our rivals are
unconfined? The monarchies of Europe are an-
nexing to their dominions vast territories in Asia,
Africa, Australasia, and the islands of the South
sea. They take away the liberties of the con-
quered people, and establish arbitrary colonial
Governments, without regard to the opinions of
the governed. We carry to the annexed free
representative systems, and unite them with us
as equals-. The oligarchies oppress and impover-
ish their possessions; yet the false sentiment of
the world styles them philanthropists, and fastens
on us the name of " nllibusters. Let us accept
the word. As the,term " rebel," in Ireland des-
ignates the patriot, so let the term " fillibuster "
designate the bold, fearless man of thought and
action in America.
1 have, Mr. Chairman, reflected much upon
the subject of these neutrality laws, and 1 believe
that of 1818 such a departure from the theory of
our institutions as to be incapable of amendment.
I therefore propose to repeal all its prominent
features at once. When it shall come Up for con-
sideration. I shall either propose to return to the
act of 1794, or present some proper bill, to per-
form our absolute duties to other nations, ana no
more.
I know that the public voice calls for some
action on this subject. The true secret of national
prosperity is progress. Understanding the value
of free institutions, we cannot but wish to extend
them wherever the force of our example may
penetrate. A social system, like ours, is most
secure when its range is widest, and its influence
is most extensively felt. We can afford to profit
by the follies of the past; we can still more afford
to profit by the prestige of our name. We are too
dangerous an element in politics to be loved by
the monarchical Governments of the Old World.
They tolerate us only because they cannot crush
us; it is upon our own continent, within and
around us, that they seek to fan the flames of
discord. By firmly establishing our influence
upon this continent, we wrench away the last
offensive weapon from their hands. Shall we now
pause in our career? I, for one, will not be sat-
isfied that our experiment of free institutions has
been fully tested, until it has gained the fairest
portions of this continent for its field, and the
noblest types of the white race for its supporters.
When I look back to the past, I can form but one
conjecture for the future; I rest in the faith, that
our favored country will steadily ascend through
all the grades of her glorious destiny.
APPENDIX.
. Washington, April 95,1856.
Dear Genkral : Feeling, as every true citizen must, a
deep interest in the vindication of the honor of my country,
outraged by incessant acts of foreign aggression, I have
heard with great satisfaction that you propose to arraign
before Congress and the people that absurd contradiction
to every independent principle or American policy, the
neutrality act of 1818. That law, and the obsolete ideas
on which it is founded, constitute the most efficient aid and
support to European interference and dictation in American
affairs.
Our country can never occupy its proper and honorable
position among other nations while the freedom of our
citizens is shackled by laws which seem made for the sole
and exclusive benefit of foreign and unfriendly Powers.
Among the many instances of European interference in
American affairs, I wish to call your attention to one in
which I have it in my power to place before you the most
undeniable evidence of a direct and insulting attack on the
freedom and dignity of our interior American relations.
The Dominican Republic bad repeatedly and earnes tly
solicited the attention of the Unitea States to its peculiar
situation. It is the only territory in all that grand cirele of
islands which inclose the Caribbean sea, and command our
isthmus routes to the Pacific, under an independent Amer-
ican flag.
Of all that one hundred thousand square miles of tropical
wealth, with theirthree and a half millions of inhabitants,
the Dominican Republic is the only free white and republi-
can Government; all the rest of the West India empire is
European and African. The Dominicans alone have
achieved, by their unassisted courage, an independent,
constitutional, and American existence. Their central and
commanding position, their splendid harbors and inexhaust-
ible natural resources, offer great and peculiar advantages
to our commerce, and it was manifestly our interest to en-
courage the prosperity and independence of this American
State.
In pursuance of this just and enlightened policy, I was
commissioned by President Pierce, in June, 1854, to nego-
tiate a treaty with the Dominican Republic; and,.after en-
countering many difficulties, through the intrigues and false
representations of the French and English agents—who no-
toriously make common cause with the negroes of Hayti
against the whites—the terms were fully agreed flpon, and
the 8th of September, 1854, named for the final signature of
the treaty.
Mean time, an allied squadron had been sent for by these
agents; and sustained by its presence before the Dominican
capital, Sir Robert H. Schomburg, acting, as he declared,
under the directions of Lord Clarendon, warned the Do-
minican Government that it could dbt be permitted to enter
into treaty relations with " such a suspicious and danger-
ous Power as the United States, without the previous
knowledge and sanction of France and England." If the
Dominicans resisted this dictation, they were threatened
with a Haytien invasion. Under the specious title of " the
mediating Powers," France and England always hold the
negroes in readiness to be let slip like bloodhounds on the
whites at the east end of Hayti, if they prove, at any time,
refractory to European policy.
The pretext for this forcible and high-handed dictation (n
our inter-American negotiation was, that the treaty con-
tained some encouragement for the establishment of steam
lines, and provided for a suitable naval and coal depot in the
admirable bay of Samana. This is the natural and invalua-
ble point of intersection for our lines of trade with South
America and Africa, as well as Central America and the
West Indies. It is to the Caribbean sea. and the outlets of
our isthmus routes, what Cuba is to the Gulf of Mexico and
the mouth of the' Mississippi. These European Powers
would not permit this Americas State to enjoy the advan-
tages which nature has lavished upon it, and at their inter-
ference and command Samana remains a closed port to our
citizens.
So many other American interests were at stake, thnt it
seemed advisable to waive the question of a coal depot, in
order to deprive France and England of every excuse for
combining with Hayti to attack the Dominican territory.
Besides, to confess the whole truth, I had in VieW the ne-
cessity of bringing out and obtaining conclusivc proof of (lie
character and extent of these European encroachments.
Actuated by these considerations, and the critical position
of the Dominican Republic, the article respecting a depot
at Samana was omitted in the second convention.
The treaty, thus modified, was signed by all the plenipo-
tentaries October 5, after every clause and article had re-
ceived the full concurrence of the Dominican Executive.
It secured perfect liberty of conscience and worship to our
citizens, and the most complete right to acquire, hold, and
bequeath all kinds of property in the Dominican Republic.
It reciprocally guarantied all advantages of trade, travel,
and residence by the most favored nations, and it particu-
larly recognized and established the important principle—
without which no American treaty ought to receive the seal
of the United States—that the flag covers the goods, and
prohibits arbitrary search on the high seas. Perhaps it was
this last, and truly American principle, which provoked the
displeasure of England, who seems to persist in her title of
" mistress of the seas," even on-our American coasts.
After the promulgation of the treaty with the United
States, the French and British consuls called an allied
squadron for-the second time before the Dominican capita)
to overawe that Government and prevent its ratification.
The unfortunate Dominicans had no alternative but obe-
dience, and the convention with the United States was sac-
rificed in the mode dictated by the agents of France and
England.
These agents even went farther and demanded, as the
price of their mediation with Hayti, that the Dominican
Government should stipulate, as a permanent bar to the es-
tablishment of American steam lines and depots, and the
introduction of American settlers on Dominican soil—
V Not to permit any Government to found or occupy any
depots or fitctories of any kind on the Dpminican Territory;
not to tolerate the landing on the said'Territory of parties
of emigrants armed or unarmed," fcc.
Such privileges had been previously conceded and se-
cured to European companies by special grants, and these
prohibitions were expressly aimed at Americans.
I cannot severely blame the Dominican Government for
receding from its engagements with the United States with
the evidence I had before me that it was under stringent
European duress. I have the evidence of this interference
at command, and also of the protection afforded by the
. ! French and British consuls to the negro conspirators, who
! i had planned the general massacre of the white authorities,
and there is no doubt that the British consul was an active
accomplice in the plot.
The Dominican journals which advocate the American
treaty were suppressed, and the editors were obliged to
leave the countiy at the direct instance of the European
agents, who, in all tl)eir aggressions on American rights,
publicly avowed they were carrying out the wishes of their
respective Governments.
For this whole class of encroachments there is bat one
available answer—suspend the neutrality laws until die
encroaching Powers shall give ample "security for future
noninterference, or so modify them as to allow our citi-
zens the same advantages in defending, that unfriendly
Powers have in attacking, American interests. The people
I will be with you in your efforts to open a new and noble
| era in our foreign policy; and firmly trusting in your tri-
umphant success,
: I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, WILLI AM L. CAZNEAU.
POLITICS OF THE COUNTRY.
SPEECH OF HON. J. J. LINDLEY,
OF MISSOURI,
In the House of Representatives,
June 19, 1856.
Mr. LINDLEY said:
Mr. Speaker : I ask the indulgence of the House
to make a personal explanation. It has not been
my habit to trespass on the time and attention of
the House. I have gone quietly on in the dis-
charge of my public duties, attending to subjects
and matters of interest to my constituents; nor
would I now consent to say anything of the
politics of the country, but that an article in the
Union—the Administration organ of this city—of
the 17th instant, stigmatizes a portion of my con-
stituents, and implicates me in such a manner as
to demand imperatively at my hands a vindica-
tion of them and myself. I quote from that arti-
cle as follows:
" In the northeast the Know Nothings and Bentonians
i will probably combine on Mr. Lindley, the present Repre-
i Mutative, who has acted with the Know Nothings during
the present session. There is an evident coalition through-
! out the State between the Benton or Black Republican
! forces and the Know Nothings, by which a coalition Legts-
1 lature is to be elected, if possible; so that the bargain for
I two United States Senators may be earned out, the elec-
I total vote of the State thrown away on FiUmore, and the
I i choice for the Presidency devolved on the House, and a
II majority of Bentonian* sent to Congress."
