40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
mels," would willingly have shared in the com-
pliment of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Fourteen Senators on the other side of the Cham-
ber last year rose with these Senators above
" technical trammels,"ancl voted to force through
the Senate the revision of the tariff by using the
civil and diplomatic bill. Now, these Senators
join in pronouncing the action of the House
"revolutionary," " unparliamentary," " uncon-
stitutional." By the votes, and out of the mouths,
of these Senators, I convict them and condemn
them. I have examined many of the appropri-
ation bills, running back as far as the administra-
tion of General Jackson. I have examined some
half a dozen of the Army bills of recent date,
and I have not yet found one upon which I have
' not found ingrafted general legislation. I have
not time to refer to these acts; but I will say that
I find, upon examination, that the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Hunter] was right when he said
that, "for the last five or six years most of our
general legislation for the Navy and Army was
made in the appropriation bills." I find that the
act abolishing flogging in the Navy was carried
•upon an appropriation bill, and that the vener-
able Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] voted
for it, although he now joins in denouncing the
House for this attempt upon the Army bill to
arrest the further execution of laws by the Army
in Kansas, which he has pronounced upon this
floor " a disgrace to the country and the age."
Sir, if the Senator could vote to put upon an
appropriation bill an act prohibiting the inhuman
and degrading system of flogging under the na-
tional llag upon the seas, suiely he should not
denounce as " unparliamentary'" or revolution-
ary," this attempt to ingraft upon the Army ap-
propriation bill a piovision forbidding the Pres-
ident to execute with the bayonets the law by
which women—yes, sir, women—may be pun-
ished by "stripes not exceeding twenty-one."
Shall your dragoons stand guard while these
"twenty-one stripes" are laid on the back of a
woman ?
Having demonstrated, Mr. rresident, that the
Senators from Virginia and Connecticut, and
their associates here, by their speeches and their
votes, have sustained, fully sustained, the action
of the House; having demonstrated that their
new-born zeal for pailiutnentary law and consti-
tutional modes of legislation is all pretense—
mere hollow-hearted pretense—I now pass to the
consideration of the provisions of the proviso—-
to the discussion of the precise issues that divide
the two Houses and the members in both 1 louses.
The people of the United States are a practical
people; and I tell Senators upon the other side
of the Chamber, that the practical sense of the
country will decide this issue—not upon petty
constitutional quibbles—not upon the technical-
ities of parliamentary law—but upon the sub-
stance of the proviso itself. Mr. President, the
Senator from California, [Mr. Wsi.ttii,] without
consultation with his political associates, yester-
day introduced his bill to extend over Kansas
the provisions of the Constitution of the United
States. That the Senator intended to repeal some
few of the obnoxious enactments of the Kansas
Legislature, which he denounced as " infamous"
—" a disgrace to the country, to this age, or any
age," 1 have no doubt; but his bill does not ac-
complish that object. Why does not the Senator
e.learly and distinctly point out the acts ho intends
to abrogate ? Why resort to this declaration of
general principles > Why recnact the Constitu-
tion in Kansas? The Senator from Soulh Caro-
lina has characterized the bill as a declaration
of abstract principles. With a judiciary over
which Lecompte presides—a judge who decrees
printing presses and hotels to be nuisances to be
put down by cannon shot—a judge who instructs
juries to indict governors, senators, and repre-
sentatives, for high treason and constructive trea-
son,—1 am sure these laws will be pronounced in
harmony with the abstract declaration embodied
in the bill of the Senator from California. The
Senator tells us to-day that his proposition was
not received on this side of the Chamber in good
faith. The Senator is mistaken. We all wel-
comed las bill. I moved two additional sections \
to secure the object he sought to secure. If the ;
senator and his associates wished to pass his bill
t.iey couid easily have voted down my amend-
ments. He knows, they know, that we should i
vote for his bill ei?en if it could not be amended.
But I can tell the Senator why this bill goes, to
the table to-day, and by his consent. His bill
was met by the stern resistance of Senators on
his side of the Chamber—Senators that are obeyed
quite as implicitly here as they are on the planta-
tion. A debate sprang up, and Senators on his
side of the Chamber were illustrating the beauties
of that squatter sovereignty which the peo'ple of
Kansas have found a delusion and a cheat. Your
leaders were mortified and alarmed. The Senator
from Virginia [Mr. HmrrEit] came to the rescue.
The Senate adjourned in hot haste, and Senators
hurried into secret-conclave, where it was determ-
ined to strangle the Senator's bantling. This
morning the Senator from California himself came
in here, and, in the face of the country, assisted
in the immolation. Sir, the good intentions of the
Senator—the measure he had in a moment of in-
dependence conceived, are all to-day immolated
upon the altar of party expediency. The Sena-
tor from Virginia [Mr. Mason] rose and cen-
sured not only Senators upon this side of the
Chamber, who have pronounced the Kansas laws
infamous, but chided in no gentle terms the ven-
erable Senators from Michigan [Mr. Cass] and
Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] and the Senator from
California, [Mr. Weller,] for proclaiming these
enactments a disgrace to the age in which we live.
That Senator confessed that he had not read these
laws; yet, with sublime audacity, he stood up
before the Senate, and presumed to rebu'ke Sena-
tors on this side of the Chamber who have read
these laws, who have studied and mastered this
whole Kansas question, and the distinguished
Senators from Delaware and Michigan, whose
attainments and acquisitions contribute so much
to elevate and adorn the Senate. We have no
right, the Senator from Virginia tells us, to de-
nounce these laws, because they were made by a
portion of the American people. No right to
denounce laws that would give a darker hue to the
bloody code of Draco, because American citi/.ens
made them ! But the Senator, after announcing
this singular doctrine, forgot to act up to it, for
lie declared that we had " laws in the northern
States that made the worst breed of men on earth."
W ill the Senator designate these laws which make
this vile breed of men ? If we have such laws,
point them out—denounce them—brand them—
hold them up to the scorn of the universe until
the people shall blot them out of the statute-
books. I know the Senator from Virginia has
associated with this breed of menfiom the North,
and he has seen them " turn pale as cream-faced
loons" at the nod of their masters. Sir, the laws
of the North did not make these men. They
have been deluded by the slave power until,
" Hi,-lilt and apt, tlley lose no chance to show
To wiiat fja-c depths apo^tacy can 30. "
The Senator from Virginia will respect no laws
until the House backs square down, lie would
have the people of the Territories amend their
own laws if they do not like them. If that Sen-
ator had condescended to examine the subject
so that he would be authorized to give opinions
entitled to coifcideration here or in the country,
he would have made the discovery that the free-
State people of Kansas are completely disfran-
chised by these laws—that they have no power
to right their wrongs—110 power to frame and
control the government of that, Territory. The
free-State men of Kansas, who went into the
Territory after you had legislated freedom out,
under the delusive promise that they could shape
its future, are disfranchised and powerless. The
murdered Dow, the murdered Barber, the mur-
dered Brown, and the murdered Hoyt, who sleep
in their bloody shrouds beneath the virgin soil of
Kansas, have as much power to legally shape its
future, as have the free-State men who yet linger
upon the soil, disfranchised, dishonored, and de-
graded. On the 30th of March, 1855, the people
of Kansas were summoned to the polls to elect
a Legislative Assembly. Five thousand armed
men from Missouri rushed into the Territory,
seized the electoral urns, and by force and fraud
elected a Legislature. That Legislature assem-
bled and proceeded to consummate the work of
conquest. This invasion, this usurpation, this
legislation, has been upheld by the Executive,
with the Army of the United States. The House
of Representatives declare that the President
shall no longer uphold this usurpation — these i
enactments, with the Army. The Senate insist
that the President shall uphold this usurpation—
these enactments, with the bayonet. Let us
examine the acts of these usurpers which Sena-
tors will not repeal, which they insist shall be
upheld and enforced by the sabers of the dra-
goons. By these enactments the free people of
the Territory are all disfranchised.
" No person who shall have been convicted of any viola-
tion of any provision of an act of Congress entitled 1 An
act respecting fugitives lrom justice, and persons escaping
from the service of their masters,' approved February 12,
1793, or of an act to amend and supplementary to said act,
approved September 18, 1850, whether such conviction
were by criminal proceeding or by civil action, for the re-
covery of any penalty prescribed by either of said acts, m
any courts of the United States, or of any State or Terii-
tory; shall b? entitled to vote at any election, or to hold any
office in this Territory: Provided further, That if any per-
son offering to vote shall be challenged, and required Jo take
an oath or affirmation^to be administered by one of the
judges of election, that he will sustain the provisions of the
above-reeited acts of Congress, and of the act entitled ( An
act to organize the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas,>
approved May 30, 1854, and shall refuse to take such oath
or affirmation, the vote of such person shall be rejected."
By this act the actual settlers of Kansas, if one
of them should have 44 harbored," that is, giyen
a cup of cold water, a crust of bread, and a night's
shelter, to some poor, weary fugitive, fleeing with
perhaps bloodhounds baying on Jus track, from
slavery, to find freedom and protection beneath
the flag of the British Queen, and been convicted
of that act of humanity and Christian charity in
past years, he would be disfranchised altogether.
Perhaps the Senator from Virginia, who has, I
suppose, a paternal affection for his monstrosity
—the fugitive slave law—thinks this act of pro-
scription just! Here is a provision requiring a
test oath to support the fugitive slave act and the
Kansas-Nebraska act—a provision that wholly
disfranchises all northern men who have the least
sense of manhood left. This test oath, which
disfranchises the free-State men, the House de-
clares shall not bo further upheld and enforced
by the Army. The Senate, by the votes of the
Senators from New England, [Messrs. Toucey
and Allen,] from the Central States, [Messrs.
Btgler, Brodiiead, and Wright,} and the
.Northwest, [Messrs. Cass, Douglas, Pitgh,
Bright, and Dodge,] has declared that the Pres-
ident shall not be denied the use of the Army to
enforce this gigantic crime of usurped power
against the free people of Kansas. Lot the
people, sir—let the people of New England, of
Pennsylvania, and the Northwest, remember
that their Senators have voted that the President
shall not be denied the use of the Army to enforce
this test oath that disfranchises free men. These
Senators have responded to the declarations of
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] and
they are ready to let the bill fail, and the Army
perish, rather than yield up the power to uphQld
with the bayonet this crowning act of ftsurpation.
By another act of this Kansas code—
<< Each member of the Legislative Assembly, and every
officer elected or appointed to office under the laws of this*
Territory, shall take ail oath to support the provisions of an
act entitled 4 An act respecting fugitive* from justice and
persons escaping from the service of their masters," approved
February 12,1793; and of an act to amend and supplement-
ary to said last-mentioned act, approved September 18r
18. >0, and of an act entitled'An act to organize the Ter-
ritories of Nebnu>ka and Kansas,' approved May 30,1&>4.J
No man can be elected to an office except by
men who have sworn to support the fugitive slave
law. It is fitting, then, that these officers thus
chosen shall take this degrading oath. What an
opportunity the people have to right their wrongs,
when not one of them can vote or hold an office,
if elected, without taking these test oaths. Is it
not the sheerest mockery to tell the people of that
Territory that they are left free to frame their
own institutions? These test oaths are to be en-
forced, say the Administration Senators, by the
Army, or the flag of the country shall come down
from the fortresses of the country, the Army be
disbanded, and the line of sea-coasts and the
frontiers exposed to the foe. Having prescribed
test uaths for voting and holding office, test oaths
that disfranchise and proscribe honest free-State
men, this Legislature proceeded to enact laws,
and to put them in execution, by-which the offi-
ces were all filled for long periods by the Legisla-
ture. District attorneys, sheriffs, probate judges,
and county commissioners were chosen by the
Legislature, and the county commissioners were
authorized to appoint county treasurers, coro-
ners, justices of the peace, constables, and tJI
