THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourtii Congress, 1st Session-.
FRIDAY, JUNE 20, 1306.
New Series....No. 89.
mere politicians, but who will be driven to become
such if you remain inert and inactive until an-
other session of Congress.
I implore every Senator to assist me in this
labor to rcstoie fiaternalfet'hng among our coun-
trymen. Let no man imagine that I am vain
enough to desire that the bill shall pass precisely
as I have drawn it. No, sir, I shall be most happy
to receive the advice and the aid of abler men. I
trust I shall have it; and m the language of the
Roman poet, let me say in conclusion, by way
of appeal to each individual Senator:
" Si quid novisti rectus istisi
Candidas imperii; si non. his utere meeum."
I now ask the consent of the Senate to intro-
duce the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to introduce the bill. The
Chair hears no objection.
Leave was granted, and the bill supplementary
to an act to organize the Territories of Nebraska
and Kansas was read the first time, and ordered
to a second reading.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. The bill will
be printed as a matter of course.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to postpone all prior
orders with n view of taking up the bill (S. No.
9) to amend the naturalization laws.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, the usual course
in this body is to acquiesce in the unfavorable re-
ports of committees without dissent, and moic
especially the report of a committee enjoying, as
the Judiciary Committee justly docs, the confi-
dence of the Senate. Under ordinary circum-
stances I should have pursued that course. But
when it is remembered that I sought in vain at the
last session to obtain a vote on this question; that
the subject is one which is deemed by many to be
of very great importance to the country, which has
awakened a deep interest throughout the Re-
public—is now exciting, and is destined hereafter
to excitc much discussion, I trust that I shall he
excused for asking the Senate to consider the bill,
and vote on its merits. The Constitution provides
that the Congress shall have power to establish a
*' uniform rule of naturalization." There is, there-
fore, no question as to power. It is purely a
measure of expediency, which should be made to
conform to the circumstances and necessities of
the country. It being a matter of expediency,
men of all parties have differed in opinion upon
the subject, from the foundation of the Govern-
ment to the present time; and will continue to
differ so long as men arc free, and are permitted
to think for themselves and speak their sentiments.
It is not, therefore, a party question, and never
should have been made such. It is a measure of
safety, and rises entirely above party. And yet it
is the only legitimate, legislative question about
which the people differ in opinion throughout the
country. The questions on which parties for-
merly existed, have been settled and passed away.
Wc have no parties now upon bank, tariffs, in-
ternal improvements, sub-treasury, or extrava-
gant expenditures of public money; prominent
Democrats are now leading friends to internal
improvements; old-line Whigs vote upon ad valo-
rem principles for a reduction of the tariff, while
the Nestors of Democracy vote against it. With
an overwhelming Democratic majority in both
branches of last Congress, there were many mil-
lions expended from the public Treasury more
than were appropriated in any one year of Mr.
Polk's administration, when the country was
engaged in a war with a foreign Power. Well
might the distinguished Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Benjamin] say, when he formally joined
the Democratic party, a few days since, in this
Hall, that, in doing so, he surrendered no prin-
ciple—that he only changed his name. It must
be obvious, that this is the only question about
which there is a general difference of opinion.
89
True, there is a difference of opinion upon the
slavery question. That, however, is a question
over v--hich Congress has no constitutional power
to legislate. It should not be so much as men-
tioned. on this floor.
The bill under consideration requires aliens,
who come to this country after the passage of
this act, to reside in it twenty-one years before
they can be admitted to citizenship. It repeals
all laws authorizing State courts to naturalize for-
eigners. and confers the power on Federal courts
alone. It excludes foreign criminalsand paupers.
I respectfully submit, Air. President, that there
are two rules by which a Government should
conduct its affairs with the world: 1st. To deal
justly with all—nations and individuals, natives
and foreigners. Sd. It should deal liberally with
all, so far as consistent with the public safelv,
the rights, interest, and happm' ss of us own riii-
zens, but never beyond that. If either the public
safety, rights, or interests, of its citizens should
be endangered by the exercise of liberality to
aliens, it should be withheld. The first and high-
est obligation of n Government should be lo Us
own eiti/ens. As a parent guards and protects the
lights and inter* of lnsown child m preference
to others, so shouldu Govermnentthatof horcit-
izens. Mercy at the expense of justice beeomex
cruelty. So liberality to aliens at the expense of
the morals, security, nnd rights of our citizens,
or hazard to our institutions, is inexcusable, if
not suicidal. By these rules—the correctness of
which I apprehend will not be controverted by any
one, I propose to show the necessity of passing
the bill under consideiation. But, sir, I am met
at the threshold with a charge of violating those
rules in this, that it is illiberal and unjust to re-
quire obedience to our laws, or the performance
of the duties of a citizen, for so long a period
without permitting him to become such; that the
accident of birth should not deprive a foreigner
of any of the rights secured to the native-born
citizen. I think the proper ground was taken
by Mr. Bayard, of Delaware, in 171)8. lie then
said:
" Aliens cannot be considered members of the* socictv
of the Uniied •State-'. Our Jaw.s ate patted on t!u* siouHd of
our policy, and whatevei is ri anted to aliens is a mere mat-
tor of favor; and if it ii> taken away, they have no right to
complain."
Yet I do not propose to take away any rights.
On what grounds can they complain? What
rights have foreigners not now in the country?
i answer none. It is not only the right, but the
duty, of every Government, whenever the inter-
est of her citizcns requires it, to adopt such rules
as may be deemed expedient, to the extent of that
necessity, even to the total exclusion of foreign-
ers; and"in doing this she only performs her duty
without injustice or illiberality to any one. Gou-
verneur Moms, in the convention which framed
the Constitution of the United States, speaking
on this subject, used the following language:
"lie ran over the privileges which immigrants would
enjoy anions? u^ though thev>hould be deprived of that of
being eligible lo the great offices of Government; observing
that they exceeded the privileges allowed to foreigners in
any part of the world, and that as eveiy society, from a
greal nation down to a club, had the right of declaring the
conditions on which new members should be admitted,
there could be no complaint."
But it is said that the accident of birth should
not deprive a foreigner from any of the privileges
of a citizen of this country. Sir, I deny such
accidents. I believe that both birth and destiny
are under the control of an overruling Providence.
That overruling Providence, through the instru-
mentality of our revolutionary fathers, and the
wisdom and patriotism of the founders of our
Government, has kindly secured to us more civil
and religious liberty, with attendant blessings,
than is enjoyed by any other nation on earth. If
the errors of foreigners, or their ancestors, have
established less favored Governments, it is no
fault of ours. As well might you say that the
man who by his industry and economy Ijas se-
cured an ample estate for his posterity, on his
demise should distribute it equally with the poor
of his neighborhood. With the same justice
that that argument is used, vou mi^ht sav, be
cause the poor man "s son did not happen" to be
the rich man's, it is veri{ unjust that he should
not be permitted lo mheiit the nch man's estate.
These are the strongest arguments that 1 have*
heard against this measure; but tlt/v are so des-
titute of pkvusibiliry that I deem it unnecessary
to make any further reply. AH Governments
have exercised it, and must contmue to do so. so
long as they recognize and practice the principle
of sek-prcservatjon. A diffenmv of opinion
existed in the convention which framed the Con-
stitution in reference to the time aliens should be
residents before they could be adopted into the
American family, as is shown by The discussion
on that subject. Mr. Buthr, who wan a for-
eigner himself, "was decidedly opposed to the
admission of foreigners without a long residence"
m the country. They bring with them, not only
attachments t<> other countries, but ideas of gov-
ernment so distinct from ours, that, in every point
of view, they are dangerous, lit' acknowledged
that, if he himself had been called into public
life within a short time after his (joining to Amcr-
iea, his for<.n;n habits, opinions, and attachment??,
|j would have lendered him an improper agent in
public affairs."
There k great wisdom and admonition in these
few sentences from that enlightened statesman
and revolutionary patriot. No one knew better,
or could appreciate more justly, the prejudices of
early education and love of Ins native country. He
was sustained in this view by Gouverneur Mor-
ris, when he said that the " Men who can shake
off the attachment for their native country, can
never love any other." It ia a very important
matte* to confer on an alien (aside from the elective
franchise) the rightsof citizenship, by the doing
of which you confer upon him the highest title
ever bestowed upon an alien; you thereby adopt
him into your family, and pledge the faith of tho
nation to protect him m all the rights pertaining
to that sacred name, not only here, but wherever
he may go, even to the extent of war. A pass-
port from our Government is not only to protect
him in his rights of property in every land, but
to shield him from danger and insult. Sec the
Koszta affair: A man who was not a citizen—had
merely declared his intention to become such—
came well nigh involving this country in a war
with Austria. We have already been involved
in one war with Great Britain, according to Mr.
Buchanan, for the rights of foreigners. He said,
in 1S14:
"Abovoall,we ought to drive from our shores foreign
influence, and ehori>h exclusively Amencan feelings.
u Already our infant Republic hits felt her withering In-
fluence. Already has she involved us m a war, which has
nearly cost us our existence. Let us, then, learn wisdom
fiom experience, and forever banish this fiend from our
society."
The first act passed in conformity with the
Constitution in 1790, required aliens to reside in
this country two years before they could be nat-
uralized. in ]795 it was extended to five years;
in 1798, fourteen years. Connected with this
extended time were the alien and sedition laws,
which made the whole subject unpopular with the
people; and in 1802, upon the recommendation of
Mr. Jefferson, it was reduced to five years, at
which it has remained ever since. And, sir, what
was the condition of the country—the extent and
character of immigration, at that time ? We had
a population of about five millions; a vast extent
of territory, inhabited only by savages; few in
number and limited in resources, which seemed
strongly to require aid by immigration from
abroad. The immigration at that time was only
seven thousand a year; and since that time, up to
the last of December, 1855, is shown by the fol-
lowing table:
•Arrival of Foreigners in the United States since 1809.
Average per annum.
Prom 1800 to 1810   70,000 7,000
Prom 1810 to 1820  114,000 11,400
Pront 1820 to 1830  135,988 13,598
Prom 1830 to 1840  579,368 67,936
From 1840 to 1850 -1,765,217 170,521
