1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
other officers or agents provided by law. The
people were overpowered, conquered, then dis-
franchised, proscribed, and denied the right to
elect even a constable. Having driven conscien-
tious free-State men from tho ballot-box, and ex-
cluded them from holding office—having imposed
upon the people a long list of officials ohosen by
the usurpers or their agents, this Legislature en-
acted a chapter of atrocious acts, which the Na-
tional Intelligencer pronounces offensive to every
notion of free Government, and which Congress
owes it to public decency to abrogate. I propose,
Mr. President, to hold these laws, which you in-
sist the President shall enforce with the Army,
up to the gaze of the Senate and the country. I
ask the Senators upon the Administration side
of the Chamber to examine well this black code
which they will not repeal.
" If any free person shall bring into, print, write, publish,
or circulate, or cnu^e to be brought into, printed, wittten,
published, or circulated, m the Territory, any book, paper,
magazine, pamphlet, or circular, for thepuipose of exciting
indirection, rebellion, revolt,or conspiracy, on the pait of
tho slaves, free negroes, or mulattocs, such person shall be
guilty of felony, and shall suffer death."
The literature of the world is against human
bondage. If any one shall bring into the Terri-
tory those songs of liberty, or those appeals for
freedom to which the human heart always beats
responsive, such person may be charged with the
offense of bringing into the Territory such books
for the purpose of exciting revolt, and may be
convicted and pay the penalty of death. Sen-
ators, remember, this is one of the laws you
insist shall be enforced by the Army.
"If any person shall entice out of this Territory any
plave, with intent to effect or procure the freedom of such
slave, he shall be adjudged guilty of giand larceny, and, on
conviction thereof, shall sutler death."
Shall entice — yes, that is the word — if any
native of your State, in Kansas, Mr. President,
holding that slavery does not legally exist in the
Territory, shall say to the bondman he has a
right to %q free from his master, and if the bond-
man shall go out of the Territory, death is the
penalty. The House declares tfie Army shall
not enforce this monstrous act. You, sir, vote
to retain the power in executive hands.
"If any person shall aid or assist in enticing, decoying,
or persuading, or carrying away, or sending out of this Ter-
ritory, any slave, with intent to procure or effect the free-
dom of such slave, he shall be adjudged guilty of grand
larceny, and, on conviction thereof, shall suffer death."
This section of this black code makes it a
crime, punishable with death, to aid in carrying
out of the Territory a person claimed as a slave.
Sir, this is a monstrous act—an act to be enforced
with the Army. So declares the American Sen-
ate in the noon of the nineteenth century,
" If any person shall entice, dccoy, or carry away out of
any State, or other Teiruory of tile United States, any
elnve, with intent to procure or effect the freedom of such
slave, and shall hung such slave into this Territory, he
shall be adjudged guilty of grand larceny, and, on convic-
tion thereof, the person offending shall puffer death."
" If any person shall aid, assist, harbor, or conceal any
slave who ma v have escaped from the servicc of his master,
he shall be deemed guiltv of lVlony, and punished by im-
prisonment at hard labor for a term of not less than five
years."
Here is an act making it a felony, to be pun-
ished by not less than five years' hard labor, for
harboring, or assisting, or aiding a slave that has
escaped from his master. Five years' imprison-
ment to obey the command of Holy Writ—to
give a cup of water, a crust of bread, or shelter,
to the stranger—a deed of humanity which even
the wandering Arab of the desert would perform !
The supporters of the Administration in both
Houses will allow an act like this to be enforced
by the Army. Let the Christian men of Amer-
ica remember these votes.
" If any marshal, sheriff, or constable, shall, when re-
quired by any person, refuse to aid or assist m the arrest
and capture of any skive that may have escaped from the
service of ln«- master or owner, whether such slave shall
have escaped fiom his master or owner in this'Territory,
or any State or other Territory, such officer shall he lined
in a sum of not less than one hundred, nor more than five
hundred dollais."
k< If any person shall knowingly aid in bringing into,
printing, publishing, or circulating, within this Territory,
any book, paper, pamphlet, magazine, handbill, or circular,
containing any statements, arguments, opinions, senti-
ments, doctrine, advice, or innuendo, calculated to produce
disaffection among the slaves in this Tcrntory,or to induce
such slaves to escape from the service of then masters, he
shall be guilty of felon}', and be punished by imprisonment
and hard labor tor a term of not less than five years."
There is hardly a book in the English language
that is not calculated, if read to or by a bond-
man, to produce disaffection. This enactment
must he upheld and enforced by the sword. So
declares the Senate.
" If any free person, by speaking, or by writing, a««ert
or maintain, that persons have not the right to hold slaves
m tins Terntory, or shall innoduce into tins. Territory, print,
publish, write, cuculate, or cause to be introduced into this
Terntory, written, punted, published, or circulated in this
Territoiy, any hook, paper, pamphlet, magazine, or circu-
lar, containing any denial of the light of persons to hold
slaves in tins Territory, «.uch pcr.-on shall be deemed guilty
of felony, and punished by imprisonment at hard labor for
a term of not less thau two years."
The people were to be left free to settle their
own domestic affairs; so said your Kansas-Ne-
braska act. Now, to maintain that persons have
not the right to hold slaves in the Territory is to
bo punishable by not less than two years'impris-
onment: " not less than two years" may be, as
suggested by the Senator from Delaware, for life,
if the person should live to the age of Methu-
selah. This is the liberty the sons of New Eng-
land, of the great West, of New York and Penn-
sylvania, enjoy in Kansas. This is yoursquatter
sovereignty in practical operation. Those who
were left free to shape the future institutions of
the Territory by the Kansas-Nebraska act, are
now by this act consigned for life to a felon's
prison for denying the right of persons to hold
slaves. Let the freemen of the free States re-
member that the supporters of the Administration
m both Houses arc ready to let the appropriation
for the Army fail, to let the Army be disbanded,
rather than withhold from the Piesident the power
to enforce the atrocious act with the Army. The
free-State men of Kansas may, under this act, be
sent to the penitentiary, they may be chained
together and compelled to toil on the public works.
A son of your State, Mr. President, and a son of
my State, may go into Kansas to become actual
residents. They cannot vote unless they will
swear to support the fugitive slave acts of 1793
and 1850; they cannot fill the humblest office
unless they will swear to support these fugitive
slave acts; they cannot practice law without
swearing to support these fugitive slave acts. If
they deny the right of persons to hold slaves,
they will be held in the custody of a sheriff sworn
to support these fugitive slave acts. They will
be prosecuted by a district attorney sworn to sup-
port these fugitive slave acts. They will be tried
by a jury from which has been excluded every
person who is conscientiously opposed to hold-
ing slaves, or who does not admit the right to hold
slaves in this Territory. If convicted, they must
be sentenced to not less than two years, and it may
be for ten, twenty, or for life. And "here is the
penalty prescribed:
The jailor, keeper, or other person, having charge of
such convict, shall cause such convict, while engaged at
such labor, to be securely confined by a chain six feet in length,
of not less than four sixteenths nor more than three eighths
of an inch link, with a round ball of iron of not less than four
nor more than six inckcs in diameter attached ; winch chain
shall be securely fastened to-the ankle of such convict with
a stiong lock and key. And s*ueh keeper, or other person
having charge of such convict, may, if necessary, confine
such convict, while so engaged at hard labor, by other
chains or other means m his discretion, &o-as to keep such
convict sceuro and prevent his escape. And when there
shall be two or more convicts under the charge of such
keeper, or other person, such convicts shall be fastened to-
gether by strong chains, with strong locks and keys, during the
time such convicts shall be engaged in such haid lahor with-
out the walls of any such jail or"prison."
The House, Mr. President, would withhold
from the Executive the authority to enforce ille-
gal and inhuman enactments. The Senate insists
upon the duty of the President to execute them,
and, if necessary, to use the Army for that pur-
pose. Every breeze from the free North brings
to the House the imperative commands of the
people to stand firmly by Kansas in this crisis.
The New York Herald, committed to no party,
independent of all parties, having no sympathy
.with the minority in this Chamber and the ma-
jority m the other, calls upon the Representatives
of the people to stand firm. It utters the voice of
the conservative men of the country:
u To falter is to hung into danger all those sacred rights
attained by the blood and treasure of our fathers, and to
overturn all our constitutional safeguards for liberty of
speech, liberty of the press, and freedom of conscience.
No possible calamity which the defeat of the Army bill
can occasion is comparable with those which will and must
follow its passage without the important and indispensable
I check of this proviso. The House has a peifect right, and
i it is its hounden duty to stand fast in its integrity against
j this dangerous power sought for by the President, sanc-
tioned by the Senate, and subversive of the constitutional
rights of the citizens of Kansas. Let it stand fast. If we
cannot have an atmy without its being made the oppressors
of the people, and the maintatneis of barbarous, illegal,
and wicked legislation, let it be disbanded lorever."
The people will, in my opinion, respond to
this declaration. Let the Army be disbanded for-
ever rather than enforce these infamous enact-
ments, or uphold the usurpation in Kansas. Al-
most every township of the North has furnished
actual settlers to Kansas. Are Senators on the
other side infatuated enough to believe that the
people will sustain them m their career of mad-
ness, in forcing down the throats of their kindred
and friends in Kansas, with the saber and bay-
onet, these enactments? When the brutal boast
of the British officer that he would cram the
stamps down the throats of our fathers with the
hilt of his sword is applauded by their descend-
ants, then, and "hot till then, will the people of
the free States applaud your efforts to cram these
unchristian, inhuman, and fiendish laws down
the throats of their brethren in distant Kansas
with the saber of the dragoon1—enactments which
the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton-] de-
clares would send even John C. Calhoun to the
penitentiary.
But Senators are shocked at the grant of power
to the Executive, by the proposition of the House
to require the President to preserve peace in the
Terntory, to repel invading hordes of armed men,
and to protect from unlawful seizures and searches
persons and property m and on the national high-
ways leading to the Territory. Their comments
upon this propositfon, I mustsay,withoutintend-
ing any disrespcct to Senators, have degenerated
into quibbling technicalities unworthy of the
Senate Chamber. Do not these Senators know
that the Missouri river is now held in the hands
of organized bands of robbers, which the law
pronounces on all our rivers where the sea ebbs
and flows, pirates? Do they not know that the
Missouri river was made a national highway in
1820, by act of Congress? Do they not know
that this grant of power simply clothes the Pres-
ident; with the authority to protect persons and
property on this national highway, and any other
national highway leading intotheTerritory,from
the unlawful seizures of these river pirates, by
the Army, as he is now by law empowered to use
the Navy on the rivers where the sea ebbs and
flows ? Senators profess to see in this grant of
power authority to establish martial law on all
the avenues of the United States that point
toward Kansas. Sir, I think the intelligent people
of the country will think all this mere quibbling,
if Senators will read the Army acts of 1795 and
1807, and the force bill, so called, to execute the
revenue laws, when South Carolina nullified those
laws, they will sec that the power conferred upon
the President by this proviso is not greater than
is required to protect the people on the Missouri
river against armed hordes of river-robbers and
pirates. Senators will not have forgotten—surely
tho Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] cannot
have forgotten—thai a company of peaceful emi-
grants from Chicago were arrested, robbed, and
turned back, by these pirates; that a company
from Massachusetts was also arrested, robbed,
and sent back; that Governor Robinson was
arrested on his way down the river by these
piratical hordes, and held for days without au-
thority of law. To-day that national highway,
the Missouri river, is closed against emigrants
from the free States. I hold in my hand a letter
written by Dr. S. G. Howe, of Boston, a gentle-
man whose name is associated with the cause of
liberty and humanity, who fought for Grecian
independence — suffered in a Prussian dungeon
for sympathizing with European Democrats; and
if his philanthropic science has not opened the
eyes of the blind, it has almost made them forget
their misfortune. Dr. Howe, who has been trav-
eling in Kansas, says:
" Tell it to the country that Missourians, having blocked
up the great avenue to Kansas by the river, are now stretch-
ing a coidon mfernale across the northern frontici, to shut
out all emigrants from the fiee States.
*• The highways and the byways to Kansas arc in the
hands of men who are utterly lawless, who are no better
than brigands. It is a bitter jnockery to say that a man
may go on peaceably, and if insulted, or robbed, or heated,
he may go and seek justice at law.
" The decent, just men, and they are not a few in those*
places, arc utterly cowed and overriden by drunken bullies.
There is a reign of terror there, and a northern man, es-
pecially a Massachusetts man, must either go skulking
