684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
[Mr. Weller,] as to the necessity of disposing
of many of the military sites; but I think we
ousfht to reserve for ourselves the decision of the
question of selecting those sites which should be
sold. I do not know that I should object to vest-
ing ill the Secretary of War for the time being,
if he had the confidence of Congress, the disposal
of any particular site which we might determine
not to be necessary. But observe the language
of this amendment. It proposes to Test in the
Secretary of War the right " to Sell, under the
direction of the President, all military sites which
liave been, or which may hereafter become, un-
necessary for military purposes." Now, there
are many reservations in the different States of
the Union originally made for military purposes,
which may not be necessary any longer for those
specific purposes, but may be exceedingly im-
portant and useful for other Government pur-
poses.
My friend from Now York [Mr. Fish] has
suggested to me just now that, under this clause,
the Secretary of "War could sell Castle Garden,
in New York city, for it is no longer necessary
for military purposes. It is a property of im-
mense value. He would be vested with a discre-
tion in disposing of a property of this kind at his
will and pleasure, without control from Congress,
without the necessity of advertising, without
asking for any authority from any source what-
ever except the President of the United States.
There would probably be no objection in regard
to many of the frontier posts—or what were
formerly frontier posts—to disposing of the mili-
tary sites; but, as I have said before, sites may
be neccssary for other than military purposes.
The gentleman from Missouri has stated to us a
particular site—that 011 Ilock Island. That site
is not required, perhaps, for military purposes,
but may be requisite for some other purpose in
which the nation at large is interested.
Mr. HUNTER. If "the Senator will allow me
to interrupt him, I will say that I am willing to
postpone this provision until we can have time
to prepare something like this system.
Mr. KEN.TAMlif. Will the Senator allow
this clause to bo stricken out, as proposed by my
friend from Missouri ?
Mr. HlTjVTKIi. I am willing to agree to that.
Mr. BEiVfAMlN. \ (lm.k it in best.
The motion to sir ike oat the proviso was agreed
to; und the amendment of the committee, aw thus
amended, was adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report the following amend-
ment, to come in after the one just adopted:
Foi del'iavm"; the expends ot' the supiomo, eneuit, and
diMin't com is of Hie I'liiU'd iSiiUcb, ni.-Uulnm tin1 burnet
of Columbia ; ;tl m>, lor jumuk and witmw-e.,, i^m mil o( the
iocs fiom finos, peuuftie-', and lotiWtuie*. ) mcuned
in the lise.il ve;ir ending (lie IJUflt of June, and picvioiis
yeaix; am! IiKcwimj Ioi dehawnu t'n* eKpen^e- o| hhK m
\vlnrli tin I'm ted .in1 c one t ni< d, .md oi pto e.-utinu ^
for oflon*e< foinniilted pym'nst i!u' finted ^j.ite-, and f. i
the safe-keeping of piwmejs, .-fJOO.QiiO.
Mr. HUNTER. J will ask to havo a commum-
cation from the Department of flic Interior read.
The Secretary read as follows:
dci'artml' nt of the intekior, jvw/i js, fir-
Sir: It become- inv <iu1v to appiw you oi a d''Ji< leney
in the apptopnation lot demiuim the e\pen-„'  01 the Ind-
eral courts durum the present iw d \ eai, uiid to n,-k liiai the
loquiMte mean<? of suppH mi: the s'linc may he pio\ ided m
the lull now betoie the Senate.
When the estimates tor tin-. \ cut* \\ ee* pi cnat ed. tin1 item
for the < \penso> of the judiciaiv was mei'\i-e<l one hen-
ched thousand dollar- beyond the amount nppiopriaifd Mr
the same object for the previous year, and it vt as hoped and
expected the additional mum asked lot would >h as mm has
would be lefjiuied to meet the meif>a-in<; of the mi
vice. In tins expectation, ho*vp\oi, the Drpaimioni l;a-
been disappointed : the expenses have meioaMMt farl«e\ond
what wa- contempfated.
The following am suggested as some of the reasons winch
have, led to tlu^ rc-ult.
Fii^t. Altf-i the e>tnu:ites of last jear nTeie- submitted to
Congre-'s, additional couits v,-Mie e-'tahhxhed in Calhoun.i,
and seveto) of the Slate- weie divided into two judicial
district-, for which no pious-en fia- been made; and none
wa-s asked foi i-ub-equentl>, a- it was riot anticipated that
the increa-e m the expense^ incident to such division would
be «?o considerable an they have since proved to be.
Second. JOvpeiiPCs tor rent of couit-iooms jiave been
gieater than formeiiy; and a ^onMdeiable -nm has b^eu
requued for fuipisdmia new bmUhiiy* provided for the ac-
commodation of the eomts. Thpela^ ot ."wpcuditiue-WiH
behkeiv to mcre'i^e foi some tune to come.
Thud. The institution ot -n,,*; ;>f vmioiw points for vio-
lations of the neutrality laws, tut fiaud? upon the TjeuMtty
ot tile t'nited States, and toj the enloiceraent of the acr-
passed by Congress agnmst the slave trade, ha?, of neces-
sity, constituted a heavy chaigo upon the judiciaiy fund :
and such mueit, of necessity, continue to be the case, so
lone a* those laws are violated.
Fourth. The extension of the system to newly-erected
Territories has, likewise. been attended with considerable
additional expense. These Temtories aie tiUma up with a
rapidity unexampled m the past history of the eountiv, and
the business of the court? therein keeps pace wnli the set-
tlements. Were the courts held at one oi two place.? only
in each Territory, as was fonneily the ca«e m the Territo-
ries northwest of the Ohio, the expense would still lie
large, but by no means what it now is. Tins will be hotter
understood from the following statement in reference to the
Terutoiy of Minnesota: During the year ending yoth June,
18o3, the remittances to the marshal amounted to &5,3fi4 16 ;
the next year to $13,000, ai.d the next to $13,000. By act
of the Legislature, pushed on the 7th ultimo, couits were
directed to be held twice a year in mott of the counties m
that Ten ltory, the annua! expense of which, it is estimated
by the mmshai, will amount to not less than $3G,000.
Fifth. VVlule the business in the new Territories has so
rapidly increased, there has als>o been a stead) increase of
business m the older portions of the country, which requnes,
and will no doubt continue to requiie, an addition to the
amount of the annual appropriations made by Congress on
that account.
In view of those considerations, I have the honor respcet-
fullv to reque>t that the sum of ,5*200,000 may be appiopn-
ated to supply the deficiency m the appropriation for the
present fiscal year, and that the estimate for the next year
! may be meieased fiom eight to ten numbed thousand dol-
: lais.
The amount now iri the Tieasury subject to draft is re-
duced to about £7*,0fl0; and more than uiree months yet
remain to the close of the fiscal year.
I/have the honor to be, veiy i-vpectfullv, your obedient
servant, 3v. MeCLELIwVND, Secretary
Ifon. U- M. T. TIl'nter, Chairman Financc Committee,
j Senate United Strrtcs.
Mr. HUNTER. Thorc is a large deficiency
in the judiciary department, and it may naturally
be asked why the estimate for it was not sooner
presented ? The amount of the deficiency was not
known until the marsh tils presented their accounts,
which are now coming in. The Department could
not therefore estimate for the deficiency until they
received them. There have also been some special
causes for the larg-e judicial expenditure during
this year. The trials for the violation of our law
under the neutrality act have been very expensive;
but E think it my duty to'state, further, that this
sum is increased by some monstrous abuses which
havo crept mto the execution of the machinery of
that Department, and which cannot be rectified
except by legislation in Congress. For instance,
1 there is a provision in our law that if the fees of
the cleik of a court do not amount to ^o(J0, the
Government must pay him enough to give !um
$500; and L nm told that, in some eases where a
court was held only on" day in the year, eiml the
|! clerk's fee was live dollars, he came in and claimed
)<!!>. I am informed also, that in some places
courts are held open all the year round, the cleiks
thus getting five dollars for every day, when per-
haps it was not necessary to hold court more than
twenty days.
I learn that, in many cases, the district attor-
neys, instead of making several counts in one
indictment a^aiost a prisoner, make separate in-
dictments for all those counts, so as to swell their
fees I am told, too, that marshals, when they
summon a wttiv xs, instead of chaining $,1 50 for
each day when the witness attended, ehanu' that
sum m every case m which he is summoned as a
wit nes«5.
Tn regard to the Tmritory of Minnesota, it
seems we have provided thai the L< liislaiure of
the Ten itoi y may pr-s- nl^ the number of terms
of the court, and the places at whu.h the court
shall be held, and we have to pay the expense;
hence, as the Secretory of the interior has re-
■ marked, there is a sudden, rapid, and, it seems
! to me, most unnecessary, increase of the judicial
! expenditure m that Territory. Then* is a cleric
! at e\ery pinee where a court is held, and lus sal-
ary has to be paid. In the District of Cohunbi t,
also, we pav the clerks, and they collect no fees.
; The United States ha\e to pay; win rens, if tli ^
i fees were collected, there would bo more than
I enough to pay the salaries of the clerks.
! Everywhere, it seems to mo, this system re-
! quires regulation, and regulation which can only
i be provided for by law. The head of the Interior
! Department cannot reach n, nor can we on the
! Finance Committee. Although some intimation
j has been thunvn out to that clfect, we cannot at-
| tempt to legislate for such matteis on the appro-
; priauon bills. Jiut it does seem to nie that the
l appiopriote committees ought to t.u-re these mat-
j tors under consideration and remedy thc^c n bu.>es
: -~n>mcdy them not only for th? purpose of econ-
omizing the expenditure of public money, but for
the sake of the public morals there ought to be
some provision made to put an end to these
things. As it is, although I believe there have
been abuses—abuses which the Department could
not regulate—abuses growing out of the state of
our law—yet J think that it is necessary to appro-
priate this money. The estimate for it came in
only yesterday.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I am very
glad that the chairman of the Committee on Fi-V
nance has brought these abuses to the notice of^^
the Senate, and I hope the Committee on the Ju-
diciary will take cognizance of them. In addition
to the abuses of which he has spoken, there is
another to which my attention was specially
callcd a year a^o, when attending one of the cir-
cuit courts of the United States. The circuitcourt
of the United States in the district to which I
allude necessarily holds its session for nearly the
whole year—for large seasons of the year, trying
not only criminal causes, but civil causes, patent
causes, and admiralty causes, together with a
great many commercial causes. My attention
was called to the fact by a person connected with
the court, responsible and honorable, that the
grand jury practically sat nearly the whole year
round, and that the court either had no authority
to discharge the grand jury or to limit their ses-
sion, or else that it would nave been an arbitrary
exercise of authority to inquire with too much
niceness whether their business required their
continuance m session. That this abuse in the
sittings of grand juries prevails very widely
throughout the United States I think there is no
manner of doubt. Then, upon this information,
the Committee on the Judiciary would do well to
inquire whether there cannot be some provision
framed authorizing and directing the courts to
inquire into the reasonableness of the duration of
the sittings of the grand juries. The other state-
ments about attorneys'fees and witnesses' fees
1 have no doubt are substantially correct as the
honorable Senator states them.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I understand
the honorable Senator from Virginia to say, that
in some cases clerks and marshals have been
allowed large sums for a court's session of one
day in a year, which only entitled them to five
dollars: and that in other cases the court is fre-
quently held throughout the year, when all its
business might be done in twenty days. If that
statement goes to the country in that shape, it is
a rellection on all the district courts of the United
States; because, if the business of the court calls
foi but a twenty days' session, it is entirely with-
in the power of the court to regulate the mutter.
Kach court audits the accounts of its clerks and
marshals. They all pass through the hands of
the court; and if a district or circuit judge of the
United States has audited a clerk's account for
five dollars a day throughout the year, when the
entire business of the court could be transacted
m twenty days, it is a very grave offense. 1 sub-
mit there must be some error m that portion of
the honorable Senator's statement. That cannot
be one of ibo abuses alluded to.
Mr. HUNTER. That is one of the abuses;
at lenst I have the authority of the Secretary of
the Interior for stating it to be so.
Mr. Id ALE. Mr. President, the attention of
Congress was drawn to this subject a few years
a£ro, and a thorough investigation was had m the
other House, when Mr. McLanahan, not now a
member, was chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary. He reported a bill, which was passed,
to limit these fees. Practically the bill amounts
to nothing. Its object was to reduce the expenses
of the courts, and regulate the lees of the clerks,
marshals, and attorneys. The diiiiculty, in a
very great measure, exists in an evil which an
honorable Senator from Wisconsin, not now a
mt mber of tins body, (Mr. Walker,) undertook to
reach, it arises from the fact, that the courts of
the United States, m many judicial districts, arc
mire family concerns. The father is judge, the
son clerk, and the cousin or nephew commis-
sioner or district attorney, or something of that
sort. That is the case to-day m very many of
your largest districts, and in some of the, districts
where these abuses, have gone on to a most
enormous extent. At the time of the investiga-
tion to which L have alluded, one case was brought
to our attention where, in a certain criminal pros-
