1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
During the year 1851 >.   «... 351,550
During the year 1833       372,735
During the year 1853.   368,643
During the year 3854   427,833
During the year 1855 200,887
Total 1,721,638
Average per annum 344,327
Yet, it was then believed, and I have not heard
the correctness of th£ opinion doubted by any,
for an alien to unlearn what he had learned
amiss, to become sufficiently acquainted with our
Constitution and laws, the character and genius
of our- institutions, to understand and love the
great principle of self-government, required five
years. I took the position, when I first had the
nonor of calling the attention of the Senate to
this subject, that the masses who come to this
country now are not so well qualified to become
citizens in twenty-one years as the masses who
immigrated to this country in 1802, were in five.
The correctness of this position I have not yet
seen seriously controverted; and I think, when I
shall have offered the testimony I propose to
offer on this occasion, if doubts exist they will be
removed. When you look to their number and
character, their habits, principles, and purposes,
you will not only see the propriety of this bill,
but the wisdom of the Father of his Country,
when he said:
" My opinion with report to immigration is, that except
useful Mechanics and some particular descriptions of men
and professions, there is no need of encouragement; whilst
the policy or advantage of its taking place in a body (I mean
the settling of them in a body) may bo questioned; for, by
so doing, they retain the language, habits, and principles,
good or bad, which they bring with them. Whereas, by an
intermixtuie with our people, thev or their descendants get
assimilated to our customs, measures, and laws; in a word,
soon become our people."
, In 1802, the foreigners who came to this coun-
try did not settle in bodies; they did intermix
with our people, and thereby soon became Amer-
icanized. Now it is known that the very evil
indicated, of foreigners settling m bodies, retain-
ing their mother tongue, habits, and principles,
(atleast the bad,) which they brought with them,
obtains to a very great and dangerous extent
in the northwestern portion of this country. If,
then, a certain attainment of Americanism was
necessary and proper in 180/2, and it required five
years under the then circumstances to obtain it,
and it now requires twen ty-onc years to acquire the
same knowledge of our institutions, what reason,
I ask, can be given why twenty-one years should
not be required ?
Mr. William Vane Murray, of Maryland, in
1795, declared:
" lie was quite imliffVient if not fifty immigrants came to
this country m a year's time. It would be unjust to hinder
them, but impolitic to encourage them. lie was nfiaid that,
coming from a ipiaiter of the woild so lull of disorder and
corruption, they might contaminate the purity and simpli-
city of the Ammcun ehaiactei "
These were the views and sentiments of states-
men of 171)5. if such, Mi. President, were the
sentiments and opinions of the framers of the
Constitution and their immediate successors in
the public trust, with an immigration of about
five thousand per annum, what would be the lan-
guage of those men now, when we have such an
immigration, as I have shown by the tables just
read—alargeportion ofwhom are the most vicious
and objectionable characters ever imposed by
tyrannical and wicked Governments upon a just
and good one? I will not detain the Senate to read
all the views expressed by General Washington
on the .subject, but will content myself by reading
a shsrt extract from an oration, delivered at the
request of Congress, December 20,1799, by Gen-
eral Lee, of Virginia, on the death of Washing-
ton. In this extract, General Lee presents in a
figure of speech, the well-known sentiments of
Washington, while living:
" Methmks I see his august image, and hear falling from
his venerable hps those deep-sinking words: ' Cease, s onu
of America, lamenting our separation'. Go on, and con-
lirru by your wisdom, the fruits of our joint councils, joint
efforts, and common dangers! lluvereiiee religion, ditluso
knowledge thioughout your land, patroni'/e the arts and
sciences. Let liberty and order be inseparable companions.
Control party spirit, the bane of free Government. Observe
good faith to, and cultivate peace with all nations. Shut
up the avenue to foreign influence; contract, rather than
extend, national connection ; rely on yourselves only. Be
Americans in thought, word, and dee.d. Thus will you
give immortality to that Union, which was the constant
object of my terrestrial labojg; thus will you preserve undis-
turbed to the latest postenty the felicity of a people to me
most dear; aud thus will you Mij.ply (if my happmesa ja
now aught to you) the only vacancy in the round of pure
bliss high Heaven bestows.'"
I will not mar the beauty, wisdom, and force
of this extract by comments of my own, although
t|iey give rise to extended thought. I will quote
one other authority of a later date. John Ran-
dolph, in 1816, said:
" Would they wish to have their elections decided on that
floor by a rabble ? What was the ruin of old Rome? Why,
their opening their gates and letting in the rabble of the
whole world to be their legislators. If (said he) you wish
to preserve among your fellow-citizens that exalted sense
of freedom which gave birth to the Revolution—if you wish
to keep alive among them the spirit of '76, you must endeavor
to stop this flood of immigration. You must teach the people
of Europe, if they do come here, all they must hope to
receive is protection. But they must have no share in the
Government. From such men a temporary party may
receive precarious aid, but the country cannot be safe, nor
the people happy where they are introduced into Govern-
ment or meddle in public concerns in any great degree."
* * * * * " This is a favorable time to make
a stand against this evil, (immigration;) and if not this
session, he hoped that in the next Uiere would be a rerisai
of the naturalization laws."
Such was the language of a distinguished states-
man when the immigration was eleven thousand
four hundred per annum. 1 proceed to show the
evils now existing from immigration.
I shall make but few comments, preferring to
rely upon the facts and testimony which I shall
offer. First, we shall see that crime is greatly
augmented by foreign immigration. According
to the census of 1850, the number of criminals
convicted in the year 1849, was 26,679—of which
12,988 were natives and 13,691 were foreigners.
By the same source of information it appears that
the money contributed for the support of paupers
n the United States, was $2,954,800; and the
paupers supported the same year, in whole or in
part, were 134,972; ofwhom 66,434 were natives,
and 68,538 were of foreign birth. I will notgive
the details, but present the general aggregate re-
sults. Only remarking that since that time the
number has greatly augmented.
Aaron Clark, Mayor of the city of New York,
in a communication to the Common Council of
that city, dated June 5, 1837, uses the following
language:
'• Our street* are filled with the wandering crowds of
theso pn'Nonjycrs—clustering in our city; unacquainted
with ouj climate; without money; without employment,
without fuends—not speaking our language—aud without
any dependence for food, oi raiment, oi fireside; ectt.un
of nothing but haid^lnp and a grave; and to be viewed, of
course, with no very anient sympathy by those native citi-
zens whose immediate ancestor were tiic saviors of the
country in its greatest penl. Bolide*;, many of them scorn
to hold opinions in harmony with the true spirit of our Gov-
ernment. They drive our native woikmen into exile."
To this communication a committee of the Com-
mon Council made the following response:
" U is just—it is in accordance with the best feelings of the
human hcait, to commiserate the sutferings of humanity,
however degraded ; but, in the opinion of your committee,
this city owes a paramount duty to itself and the countiy
of which it is the geueralempormm. She is bound by wise
and efiioient laws to prevent the jails and work-houses of
Jiurope fiom pouung out on our sJioies their felons; to pro-
hibit her lroni introducing here those whom she is bound by
every coiiMderatum of justice to support; to prohibit her
from disgorging on oin people a population with pnnciplPs
calculated to lower the tone of morals, and disorganize the
frame of our republican institutions." * * *
" The alms-hou^e i* full, containing, at this moment, 3,074,
of winch thiee fourths are foreigners. In fact, our public
chaiities arc principally for the benefit of these foreigners ;
foi,of 1,^09 j/c/io/is admitted into the hospital .it Bellevue,
980 weie aliens. The expense of the alms-house estab-
lishment, and its dependencies, last year, amounted to
§«U;>,5U6 63."
Mr. List, Consul of the United States at Leip-
sic, (himself a foreigner,) in writing to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, March 8,1837, observes:
"Not only paupers, but even criminals, are transported
from the inteuor of this country to the sea-ports, m order to
be embaiked to the United States."
Moses Catzenstien handed in a statement, in
writing, on oath:
" Ry request of the commissioners appointed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary of the United States Senate, in
regard to the impoitation of paupers and criminals from
foreign countries, I would respectfully state, that 1 em-
barked in Bremen, on board the Bremen ship Republic,
Captain Tcgeier, together with about one hundred other
passengers, m the. course of the summer of 1813, and ar-
rived in Baltimore about the middle of December of the
same year; that among the above passengers weie twenty-
eight criminals', sent out of the country by their respective
Governments, and accompanied by a police officer until
the ship was fairly at sea, when each of these twenty-eight
persons were handed a certain sum of money by the police
officcr, and he then left the ship with the pilot, and the
ship proceeded on her voyage—her port of destination being
Baltimore, Maryland. Neaily all the persons alluded to
aaow in Baltmioie,"
George Henry Poulson testified as follows:
" I know of many instances where convicts have been
pardoned and sent to this country at the expense of the
Government by which they were pardoned. Ten or twelve
such cases have come to my knowledge ; ana I know a case
where four on board of one vessel were sent from a house
of correction in the dukedom of Brunswick. These I
know of my own personal knowledge, having seen an in-
dorsement on the passports, that the persons were convicts,
transported by a guard from station to station to the fron-
tier, when they are taken by an agent of the ship from the
police officer to the vessel in which they are embaiked.
The instances which came to my knowledge occurred
within the last three years; a large number of Germans,
arriving here soon after, became chargeable for their sup-
port to the city or to their bondsmen. Such instances we
have very frequently; they call on me for aid immediately.
There are also very numerous instances of foreign paupers,
sometimes from the poor-houses, in other instances sup-
ported by the communes, being shipped to this port. This
importation of paupers has increased very much during the
last year; they are sent here to save the expense of sup-
porting them in Europe by public authorities, at the pubUe
expense."
Samuel Cohen was sworn, and gave the follow-
ing answers to interrogatories propounded to him:
<{ It is a practice in Germany for the Government to give
passports to cnminalsand paupers, directing that they shall
proceed direct to America, and forbidding their remaining
in Germany. During the last season, witness saw a person
who had just arrived in this city from Germany, who had a
criminal's passport, such as has been mentioned; and the
said person was afterwards arrested for crime and committed
in this city."
Mayor Wood, of New York, in January, 1855,
addressed a message to the Common Council on
the subject. The following is an extract from it:
"An examination of the criminal and pauper records
shows conclusively that it is but a small proportion of these
unfortunates who are natives of this country. One of the
very heaviest burdens we bear is the support of these peo-
ple, even when considering the direct cost; but when
estimating the evil influences upon society, and the con-
taminating effect upon all who come within the ranee of
their depraved minds, it becomes a matter exceedingly
serious, and demanding immediate and complete eradica-
tion. I know of no subject of more importance ; certainly
we have the power to protect this city against the landing
of so vile an addition to our population; the health, as well
as the life and property of the people for whom you legis-
late, requires some action at your hands. I am confident
the General Government will listen to any representations
from you relating to it, and interpose its national authority
m our behalf. On the 2d instant, I made this grievance the
subject of an official communication to the President of the
United States."
Thus, it appears, from the communication of
Mayor Wood, (and there is no higher authority
upon the subject,) that the city of New York,
with its ample power, was totally unable to pro-
tect itself against this crying evil without the aid
of the Federal Government. Hence, that distin-
guished officer appealed to the President of the
United States for aid, yet the President has not
deemed it necessary to make any communication
to Congress on the subject. Should Congress bo
indifferent to a call so properly made, so just,
and so eminently due to the commercial metrop-
olis of the country? It is for Congress to answer
the question by its action on this bill ?
1 proceed with other proof, coming down to a
later day. A. Shultze, writing from Leipsic, on
the 4th of June, 1855, says:
" It cannot be denied that for some time the Governments
of some States, and also the authorities of several commu-
nities, have deemed it convenient to free themselves from
their paupers by shipping them to the United States. It is
also notorious that criminals, after having suffered punish-
ment, have, in the same manner, been transported to the
United States, with the view to free the community of them
forever."
From the same place George Schreider, gen-
eral agent for the German Immigration, writes
on June 9, 1855:
" It cannot he denied that European Governments and
principalities have been in the practice of freeing themselves
from their paupers, and even of their more or less guilty
criminals, by sending them to America, and paying the cost
of their voyage to the sea-ports, and the passage from there
to America, without making provision for the wants of this
unhappy class of people to enable them to commence aa
honest trade,"
" The circulars issued by the immigration agents in the
interior of Germany caution immigrants who are deformed,
crippled, or maimed, &e., against taking passage to New
York, and advise thern to go by way of Baltimore, New
Orleans, or Quebec, where the laws prohibiting the landing
of immigrants of the above classes do not apply.
" 1 am. sir, with high respect, your obedient servant,
' " W. HUNTER,
« Assistant Secretary.
" To the Mayor of New Orleans."
Simon P. Huff, of the city of New York, at-
torney-at-law, being duly sworn, says:
" The law requires a previous residence of five years in
the United States, and m the State of one year, and the
witnesses have sworn to these faets ; but I have been satis-
