674
appendix to the congressional globe.
[June 19,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Politics of the Country—Mr. Lindley.
Ho. of Reps.
recognition of unwashed Abolitionists as better Democrats
than tkemstlves." * * ton.* •
'• When the separation of Hards and Sofia occurred in
1853, after the preliminary session of the Syracuse conven-
tion had been broken up by prizefighters and bullies, im-
ported bv the Sort leaders from New York city, the Admin-
istration at Washington, influenced by Marcy, took «pon
itself to declare the Free- Soilers, and not the Nationals, to be
the regular Democracy." * * * *
" Tbe real offense for which Judge Bronson was removed,
whatever the pretense might have been, was his refusal to
support the Sort ticket, ornamented by Kelly, Grover, Dryer,
& Co., all unchanged Free-Soilers."
The Washington Sentinel, also a Democratic
paper, now in the support of Mr. Buchanan,
speaking of Mr. Pierce, says:
" You are asked if his course in the New York contro-
versy—his prostration of the true, sound, constitutional men
in the Nortli, and his vitalization of tlie Van Buren Free-
Soilers, met your approbation? Your answer is again in
the negative: and yet here is the frightful record before
you."
General Pierce declared, in presence of Hon.
Jeremiah Clemens, that, in his opinion, the Kan-
sas bill was a measure of freedom, and if its princi-
ples should obtain and be established, no more
slave States would come into the Union. He
seems to have determined^hat his prediction
should be realized, at least, ^Uie case of Kansas.
When we divided Nebraska into two Territories,
the South expected the members of the territorial
administration of Kansas to be from the South.
But it suited General Pierce to send the southern
man to Nebraska, and Free-Soil Governor Reeder
to Kansas. Hear what he himself says of the
conduct of that Governor. I quote from his mes-
sage:
" The Governor of the Territory of Kansas, commissioned,
as before stated, on tbe 29th of June, 1854, did not reach
the designated seat of his government until the 7th of the
ensuing October; and even then foiled to make the first
step in its legal organization—that of orderingthe census or
enumeration of its inhabitants—until so late a day that the
election of the members of the Legislative Assembly did
not take place until tbe 30th of March, 1855, nor its meet-
ing until tbe 2d of July, 1855. So that for a year after the
Territory was constituted by the act of Congress, and the
officers to be appointed by the Federal Executive had been
commissioned, it was without a complete Government,
without any legislative authority, without local law, and, of
course, without the ordinary guarantees of peace and pub-
lic order."
Why did he suffer this delay ?—why did he per-
mit these growing evils, and not remove Mr.
Reeder when so loudly called for by the people
of Kansas ? My colleague, Mr. Oliver, speak-
ing of this matter, holds this language:
"Now, the question naturally arises, what occasioned
this marked delay on his part ? What was the cause of this
tardiness of his movements ? There is, according to the
convictions of my mind, from all the light before me, but'
one answer to be given to these questions; and that answer
is, that Governor Reeder, when he accepted the office of
Governor of tbe Territory of Kansas, accepted it with the
understanding, at least in his own mind, that he would ad-
minister it in such a way as to make the Territory free soil,
if possible."
When we reflect that, to have made Kansas
free soil by action of the Federal Executive, he
would have allayed the excitement against him
in the North for "his favor to the Kansas bill,
may we not justly infer that President Pierce was
privy to this understanding of Governor Reeder,
that he,would make it free territory if possible ?
If not, why was it that, after all this delinquency
■arith which the President charges him, ana
arter itis return to Easton, and his speech there
denouncing the Missourians, he was fully in-
dorsed by the Union, Mr. Pierce's organ, and
, still retained in his office ?—and was finally re-
movedfor alleged speculations in the publiclands;
and the President expresses himself " embar-
rassed to know how to retain him in office, and
will hear any satisfactory explanation of that
matter;" but asks for none respecting his free-sail
efforts, or other misdeeds, in Kansas.
If. these facts, together with the President's
hostility to river and harbor improvements, in '
which the people of my district are so much in- !
terested, are not enough, will not his recent de- !
capitation and dismission by his own party |
justify me in having refused a vote that would ;
indorse his Administration ? j
But I am charged to be a Pree-Soiler, because, '
in the election for Speaker, I cast my vote for
Mr. Fuller. Sir, I shall engage in no defense of
that gentleman; he needs none. There are none
here from the South to dissent from a word he
said uj defjning his opinions. He assumed a
oroad and national position, conservative of what
he regarded as southern rights. He denied the
power of Congress, and of the territorial govern-
ment, to legislate on the subject of slavery therein,
except to protect persons in their property; and
then, amid the tide of anti-slavery sentiment in
his own State, that set against him, he went be-
fore his_ constituents and maintained the same
views with a manliness and boldness that might
challenge the admiration, if it did not vie with the
chivalry, of the South. But, sir, letters have been
written from here to different parts of the coun- j
try, in which quotations are made from some old
letters and speeches of Mr. Fuller, to prove that
he is_ a 'J Wilmot proviso man up to the hub."
But in his vindication on this floor, several weeks
ag<*, he denounced the letter from which the ex-
tracts were made, as base forgeries. Yet those
gentlemen have neither had the ability to refute
what Mr. Fuller has said with reference to the
fraudulent letters thus quoted against him, nor
the magnanimity to take back publicly what
they had published and sent to the country.
But, sir, how can the anti-Benton Democracy
object to my vote for Fuller, when his position is
identical with the fourth resolution on the subject
of slavery, passed by the Missouri Legislature of
1849, ana which is yet the basis of their creed?
But I am a Free-Soiler, they say, because I did
not support the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson,] when he was nominated. Now,
sir, I wish to show what was the position of the
gentleman from Illinois. I wish to show that he
was the "Wilmot proviso man up to the hub,"
and not Mr. Fuller; and this I shall prove from
his record.
In a speech delivered in this House, in 1850,
he used this language:
" The Missouri'compromise also abolished slavery north
of 36° 30'. That compromise was passed, not to keep the
Territory free north of that latitude, but because the laws
of Louisiana, when we acquired it, rccognized slavery, and
carried it, consequently, unless repealed, to all the Terri-
tory. But 1 maintain, sir, that slavery is the creature of
municipal law, and does not,and cannot, exist one moment
without it. If territory is free, there is no necessity to pass
any law—it will remain so." * * *
" The people of the non-slaveholding States believe that
the territory we acquired from Mexico by the treaty of
peace, brought with it the laws not inconsistent with our
Constitution, and that those laws excluded slavery. If there
is any Representative from the non-slaveholding States that
denies either of these propositions, I ask him to rise in his
place and say so. There are none who can, or dare, deny
*******
" This is a universal sentiment at the North, and I might
refer to all the speeches that have been made at this session
of Congress and the last to show that every one from the
non-slaveholding States, Free-Soilers and all, hold that the
Territories ye now free. If this is true? what more can
you do? Tliey are free now, and will ever remain so; they
are free by the law of nations; they are free by the laws of
nature; they will remain free from causes to which I have
already referred, forever." * * *
"I do not and cannot believe that our Constitution car-
ries and protects slavery except in States, nor do I believe
that its firamers intended that it should extend this institu-
tion. I believe it was formed for far higher and nobler
purposes."
The gentleman from Illinois assumed the posi-
tion that the laws of Mexico being anti-slavery,
and not inconsistent with tbe Constitution, would,
if not repealed, exclude slavery from, and make
the Territories free. He then used this remark-
able language:
■"There is one thing that I wish, in this connection, Mr.
Chairman, to say to the gentlemen from the South, and the
northern Whigs: If the bill for territorial governments,
silent upon the subject of slavery, shall be defeated, then
I am for bills with the Wilmot proviso, in order to give gov-
ernments to the people in the Territories; and I speak for
four of my colleagues, assured that they will feel constrained
to pursue a like course. And if General Taylor shall ap-
prove tbe proviso, then it will have passed; and it is for
them to determine what shall or shall not be done, and let
the responsibility rest with them. I believe Congress lias
full power to pass such laws as they may think proper for
the government of the Territories. There*re, consequently,
no constitutional difficulties in my road."
It is'not simply his admitting the power of
Congress to exclude slavery that made his posi-
tion so objectionable, but his demanding that
slavery should be excluded from the Territories
acquire4 from Mexico, by permitting the anti-
slave laws of that country to remain unrepealed;
or, if that should not be allowed, he would vote
to exclude it in express terms, by the passage of
the Wilmot proviso. But slavery must be ex-
cluded; if not in one way, then by another.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Missouri has read, with the intention of sending
to the country, a portion of the remarks made by
me on this floor in 1850, which I, in his hearing,
and upon this floor, repudiated as unworthy of
the position I then occupied, and which 1 now
occupy. All I desire is, that tlie correction in
reference to the last clause which the gentleman
has read, may go forth to the country with the
fentleman's comments on it. I have no further
esire.
Mr. LINDLEY. I wish to ask the gentleman
how many times was I called upon to vote for
him before he repudiated and took back that last
clause ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I reply to the gentle-
man , so far as I am concerned, that I never called
on the gentleman to vote for me once.
Mr. LINDLEY. I do not say that. How long,
I ask, was the gentleman up before the House
as a candidate, with that speech staring southern
men in the face, before it was repudiated? From
the 3d of December to the 14th of January did
that speech remain undisturbed,and in full force,
and the "gallant seventy-four" voting for the
gentleman, and they all proclaimed sound and
true to the South.
I was saying, only, that the anti-Benton Dem-
ocrats of Missouri charged me with Free-Soilism,
because I refused to vote for the gentleman from
Illinois. How could I vote for him, with that
record staring me in the face ? I am saying noth-
ing with a view to affect the gentleman from
! Illinois, but am speaking only in my own vin-
dication. I show the record presented by the
fentleman, and the one presented by Mr. Fuller.
show that, if the records make either gentle-
man " a Wilmot-proviso man up to the hub," it
is the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, (interrupting.) As
the record of a man is generally made up by his
vote, I wish simply to be allowed the privilege
of asking the gentleman from Illinois whether he
ever voted for the Wilmot proviso?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Never.
Mr. LINDLEY. I now ask the gentleman
whether he ever voted to exclude slavery from
the Territories ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. How—by the Wilmot
proviso ?
Mr. LINDLEY. By act of Congress.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will say to the gen-
tleman, very frankly, what is my recollection.
I voted against the Wilmot proviso in the Oregon
bill. After it was put in over my vote, I voted
for the bill, as did a large number of gentlemen
from the South.
I desire to say to the gentleman another thing.
In this matter of making up records, I have no
contest with Mr. Fuller—none whatever. I
have presented my record before the country by
my acts—I intend to stand or fall by them. I
have no contest with any man here or elsewhere,
about his devotion to this or that portion of the
country. In casting my votes, since I have been
a member of Congress, I have done so on the
convictions of my judgment, looking to the whole
country, and to no portion of it.
Mr. LINDLEY. I have not charged the gen-
tleman with insincerity in voting—I do not wish
to do so now. When he said that he would vote
for the Wilmot proviso with four of his colleagues,
I presume he was sincere—equally as sincere as
wnen afterwards, as a candidate for Speaker, he
stood up before the House and country, and re-
pudiated the position he had then taken.
Mr. CARUTHERS. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. LINDLEY. I yield for that purpose with
pleasure.
Mr. CARUTHERS. It is the first time I have
ever interrupted any gentleman in his speech,
I waited till my colleague had concluded his sen-
tence, before I interrupted him. He says that
forged letters have Jjeen paraded and circulated
over the country, to the prejudice of Mr. Fuller.
I wish to know of my colleague whether he
means to be understood that, when I circulated
that letter, I knew or had any means of knowing
that it was forged ?
Mr. LINDLEY. My colleague will remember
that Mr. Fuller himself intimated the source of
its origin, and expressly exonerated the gentle-
man who had circulated it ftom here, as having
