1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
085
ecution, the marshal's fees amounted to the modest
little sum of $9,000.
After the law was passed under which you un-
dertook to restrain these court abuses, I had oc-
casion to appear before one of the United States
courts, where the judge was the father and the
clerk was the son; and I found that they only
charged about two hundred per cent, fees over
and above what the act of Congress allowed, and
they thought that was very modest. [Laughter.]
Sir, exactly as long as the evil to which 1 have
alluded exists, just so long will these abuses con-
tinue. You" may pass as many laws as you
please, but if you do not break up the close-cor-
poration system into which your courts have
degenerated, your laws will amount to nothing;
they will be laughed at. If the Judiciary Com-
mittee will turn their attention to the subject, I
should be pleased to learn how many district
courts of the United States are pretty little close
family corporations. Sir, the tale will astonish
you when told. You will find that the exceptions
are few; that in very many of the districts the j
system of which I have spoken exists; and as
long as it is so these abuses will continue, and
your deficiencies will grow up $100,000, $'J00,0(J0,
and $300,000, and will be constantly increasing
as long as this state of things is allowed to re-
main. X hope the judiciary committee will turn
their attention to this subject, and will examine
some documents which were published in the
other House under the searching investigation
of a very honorable and high-minded man, not
now a member of either House—I refer to the
report of Mr. McLanahan, late a member of the
House from Pennsylvania, and through whose
agency the last fee-bill was passed. It has been
of no practical effect; it has been a dead letter,
and will be so as long as the state of things to
which I have alluded continues.
Mr. PRATT. If the abuses exist which on
all hands arc stated to exist, it appears to me that
the remedy is to be.found in the law as it now
stands. Each clerk of a district court is obliged
to make out his bill of fees. Before that can be
audited or paid at the Treasury it must be certi-
fied to by the judge as correct. The district at-
torney is obliged to make out his bill of fees, and
before that can be paid the judge must certify
that the court sat on the number of days men-
tioned in the attorney's bill, and for which he is
allowed by law a per diem of five dollars. It is,
therefore, apparent, as it seems to me, that the
whole blame, if such a state of things exist as has
been alleged here, rests with the judges of the
district courts, and that the remedy is in our own
hands. If the charges be true, they ought to be
impeached and turned out; and if you impeach
and turn out one of them, you will do more to
prevent corruption hereafter than by any amend-
ment you can pass to the law. A Senator says,
in an under tone, that there is no use m trying
that remedy. If so, there is no use in trying any-
thing. I ask the Senator from Virginia to state
where the case exists in which a district attorney
has committed this fraud? I ask the Senator to
state what district court has sat for but one day in
the year, where a party has brought in a bill,
under a certificate of the judge, and has been paid
$500?
Mr. HUNTER. I stated that there is a pro-
vision in our law, if the cleik's fees are less than
£500, they are to be brought up to that amount.
Mr. PRATT. Where is the case where the
clerk has been paid an amount to which by law
he was not entitled?
Mr. HUNTER. I am not able to specify a
case, but I am told by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior that such cases exist.
Mr. PRATT. The cases ought to be specified.
By the action which is had here you arc saying
that the district judges have not discharged their
duty, and have not only not discharged their duty,
but'have acted corruptly.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator, perhaps, does
not understand the provision of the law. It is
not against the law; it is the law.
Mr. PRATT. The $500 1 understand to be
due;*1 but the other is not. I am talking of the
clerk, and the clerk's fees are certified to. Take
the case mentioned by the Senator^ from New
Hampshire. There is a single case ot indictment
in which the clerk received two hundred per cent,
more than the amount which he was authorised
to charge under the law of Congress. Let that
case be known. It is not right that it should go
abroad that such is the fact, without a specific
statement, because it may have reference to the
district court in my State or in others, unless the
particular ease is stated. It ought to be stated
who is the judge that certified the account, for it
could not be paid without that certificate. The
judge that certified it is manifestly corrupt, and
he ought to be impeached at once and turned out.
If you impeach one of them, you will have here-
after a greater guarantee for proper accountability
than by any amendment you can place on this bill.
The amendment was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 20, noes 17.
Mr. PRAl'T. Then we are to pay the money
first, and inquire into the corruption afterwards.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to add, as a new section, the fol-
lowing:
Sec. £. And be it further cnaclcd. That the joint resolu-
tion of (Jon<rn'-v. ^ to lix the compensation of the employes
in the legislative department oi the Government, and to
piohibil tin' allow.nice of the iwiul oxtr.i compensation to
<5ueh a1? receive the benefits heteof'." approved July 90,
ltsvi, and tlie provision in the act of Maich '>1, ib.33, which
authorizes the application oi the benehts ot said resolution
to apply to the hlnat lan and a^i-stanta and messenger in the
hhiaiy"of Congress be so construed as toallovvthem twenty
per centum upon the compensation provided by the seventh
section of the act of August 4, 1654, making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government.
Mr. HUNTER. There is a difference as to
the construction of the law between the Com-
mittee on Finance and the Comptroller. Every
other employe in the Capitol has received this
increase except the librarian and his assistants.
It was intended that they should be included m
the law,as we believe, and wc propose this amend-
ment in order to make the law conform to that
intention.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
Sec. 3. Anil be it further etiatted, That the balance of
the appiopriation a loi preventing and suppressing Indian
hostilities5* leinanuiiic in the Tiefu>uiy be, and the ><anie is
heiebv, made applicable, under the clncction ot the Secre-
taiy ot Wai, to any expanses? that may have been oi shall
be incuried by the mihtaiy in any pan of the Terntones of
the United States m the auest and transportation to their
homes ot'Indians wandering theiclrom. and foi present* to
or hue of friendly Indiana duung actual or apprehended
difficulties with hostile tubes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The amendments reported
by the Committee on Finance are now disposed of.
Mr. HAMLIN- I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Commerce, to come
m after the provision tor filling up the grounds
of the custom-house building at Norfolk:
To complete the custoni-hou.^e at I'ensaeola, Florida,
&oJ)00.
For conipletins the mm in'- hospital at St Mark's Florida,
£13 O0U in addition to the sum ahcadv appropnaled,
Foi t!h' completion oi the marine hospital at Galena,
Illinois bOt); topict her with ten per centum to cover the
compensation to furdutects snpeimtcndents ad\c tiMiie,
and other contingent expense^ ; and so much as may be
leqmied to puieluoc a suitable *ite foi the budding, to be
paid out oi any money in theTieasury not otheiwise appro-
pi lated.
These sums are according to the estimates fur-
nished by the Treasury Department, which I have
here on my table.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Department ask
that they shall be appropriated in the deficiency
! bill ?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir; the reason why they
should go into the deficiency bill is, that these
are all suspended works. The original appropria-
tion for a custom-house at Pensacola, in Florida,
was to make the purchase of a building. It was
found that it could not be purchased for less than
the sum of £o,0u0 more than the original appro-
priation. It is therefore a suspended work, and
the money which has been appropriated cannot
be used. The same remark may apply to the
appropriation for the hospital at C-falena. The
Secretary has found, on investigation, that the
money heretofore appropriated is not sufficient
for completing th*1 work, and he recommends this
additional sum. So it is in relation to the marine
hospital at St. Mark's. They are really defici-
encies.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand that these
appropriations are recommended by the fc>ecictary
of the Tteasuiy as deficiencies. They v.-ere, no
doubt, designed by him to be put, if anywhere,
into the regular appropriation bill making appro-
priations for the next fiscal year.
Mr. WELLER. There is no difference be-
tween these and other unfinished works.
Mr. HUNTER. As my friend has just sug-
gested, these are not different from other un-
finished woiks. Under this mode of proceeding
we may swell this deficiency bill to almost any
amount, until we shall have put it in such a con-
dition that it will be impossible to carry it. We
know that it is more difficult to pass this bill
through both Houses than any other appropria-
tion bill, or than all the others put together. There
is a prejudice against bills of this Kind; and yet
it is now proposed to incumber appropriations
necessary to enable the Government to go on by
inserting a controverted item—an item that al-
ways docs beget controversy and difference of
opinion. Of all places in the world this is the
most inappropriate for it.
Are we prepared at this time, and upon this
deficiency bill—which is designed to supply the
wants of the present fiscal year—to go into in-
quiries as to our marine hospital system and
custom-house system? We know, that in the
House of Representatives a measure of economy
was sought to be introduced by the Committee of
Ways and Means. When they reported the bill
they sought to insert a provision which would do
away with the marine hospital system to some
extent, but the House determined to have noth-
ing to do with it on this bill, but struck it all out.
I think the Senate will be wise if they also adopt
that determination, and adhere to it. If this
amendment goes into the bill it will be weighed
down by a multitude of others as much entitled
to be placed on the bill as this. I hope the Senate
will keep off all such amendments.
Mr.„HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to make one
single discrimination between this amendment
and that class to winch the Senator from Vir-
ginia has alluded. In all the hospitals and all
the custom-houses which are now being erected,
where there maybe found deficiencies,the Com-
mittee on Commerce has made no recommenda-
tion, and proposes to make none; but in these
three cases, where actual appropriations have
been made, but where it is found, on the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, that the money
appropriated is inadequate, and that nothing
can bo done without supplying this deficiency,
the committee has recommended appropriations.
This bill is full, from beginning to end, of pro-
visions which are precisely similar to this in prin-
ciple. The very amendment which precedes it,
is one which is of a similar character.
Mr. HUNTER. What amendment is that ?
Mr. HAATLIN. It is that in relation to filling
up the g! ounds around the custom-house at Nor-
fulk. That is an original appropriation—not
really a deficiency. 1 do not propose anything
in relation to new works; but these three appro-
priations are to supply a deficiency which really
exists; and without this provision the money
which is now in the Treasury appropriated for
them cannot be used. Let all other works stand,
and go into a general bill. They are all estimated
for by the Secretary of the Treasury; I do not
say lecommended, but estimates are furnished,
and they are reported from the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to say one word in
regard to the appropriation for Norfolk. It was
recommended as a deficiency, by the Secretary
of the Treasury, because it was necessary to com-
plete the custom-house and the giounds; and it
was requisite that, if done at all, it should be done
before the sickly months set m, so that, as far as
the public buildings are concerned, Norfolk may
not be exposed to additional danger from pesti-
lence. But, sir, if the Senator from Maine thinks
that, because of such an appropriation as that—
nn appropriation designed to save that unhappy
and unfortunate city from pestilence—we arc to
liana: on to the bill these other appropriations,
and that my mouth is to be sealed, i say let him
strike it out; let it go out.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, one of these
appropriations i>s to complete the marine hospital
at St. Mark's, in the State of Florida, and the
other ptovision in the amendment with reference
to Florida is for a custom-house at Pensacola.
I feel less interest in the immediate passage of
the appropriation for the custom-house, for I am
