1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Politics of the Country—Mr. Lindley.
Ho. of Reps.
any knowledge that it was forged or fraudulently
altered. And, with the personal regard and
kindly feeling I entertain for my colleague, I
woula be the last man to cast a stigma upon his
character as an honorable gentleman. When Mr.
Fuixbr himself expressly exonerated him 
Mr. CARUTHERS. I was aware that Mr.
Fuller had thus exonerated me here—that as an
honorable man he did not make the charge, but
expressly exculpated those of us who had circu-
lated that letter; but it had been charged by
some calumnious editors in our State that I had
done this thing. And, from the manner in which
the gentleman spoke, I wished to know whether
he would have nis speech so construed in Mis-
souri ? I am informed by gentlemen near me that
I did not hear the whole of his remark, and there-
fore beg pardon for haying interrupted him.
Mr. LINDLEY. I will ask my friend a ques-
tion—whether it would not be the part of mag-
nanimity to give expression to the fact that he
now repudiates that letter?
Mr. CARUTHERS. I will inform my col-
league, so that he may have no fears about my
taking care of my personal honor, that I have
this day indited a circular to my people, in which
I insert the letter which Mr. Fuller says is gen-
uine.
Mr. LINDLEY. I do not wish to say any-
thing to injure my colleague before his constit-
uents, and! will say that I did not presume it
would comport with his sense of honor to per-
sist in spreading before the country ajetter which
he discovered was forged, and am glad to hear
that he is making the correction.
Mr. Speaker, I have been misrepresented in re-
spect to the Kansas bill. When that question
was forced upon the consideration of this House,
1 expressed myself uniformly as willing to vote
for tne repeal of the Missouri compromise, b^;
cause I believed it wrong inprinciple, and unjust.
I wished to do this in plain and ordinary lan-
guage, by referring to the act of 1820, and declar-
ing the eighth section to be repealed. Therer
would have been no ambiguity in this. It would
have left the Territories in statu quo before the
compromise was passed. The laws protecting
slavery which then existed, and which were guar-
antied to the people by the treaty with France,
would have again obtained, and southern men
would have been protectedintheirproperty pend-
ing the territorial government. But, as the bill
passed, the Democracy differ, even here, as to its
meaning—those of the South denying squatter
sovereignty, or the right of the territorial govern-
ment to exclude slavery until they apply to come
into the Union as a State, and hence claim it as
an advantage to the South, as enabling Southern
men to go there and be protected by them; those
of the North—with President Pierce in the lead—
claiming the right for the people of the Territo-
ries to regulate that matter while a Territory; and
then, by reason of the great preponderance of the
northern population, claim it as a measure of free-
dom or free soil. This is exceedingly unfortunate.
Had the bill merely repealed the eighth section of
the Missouri compromise, and have contained
simply the provisions of the territorial bills of
1850, declaring that when admitted as a State it
should be with or without slavery, as her consti-
tution should declare, we would have avoided all
this trouble in Kansas. The people would have
remained quiet till the time of their application to
be admitted as a State; and the excitement then,
if high, would have been but temporary, and
when subsided, the question would have been at
rest forever. But, with a diversity of opinion as
to the meaning of the bill, the people have gone
there from the North and the South, armed for a
conflict to determine prematurely the existence
of slavery in these Territories; hence we have had
bloodshed, and an approach to civil war, that
threaten the existence of our free Government—
and who can foresee the end?' That the Demo-
cratic party in the North claimed before the peo-
ple that the Kansas bill was a measure of freedom,
I can refer to the speeches of Judge Douglas at
Indianapolis and Chicago; also, General Shields's
speech. At Chicago, Judge Douglas asked the
excited audience why they objected to him ? Was
it because he had helped repeal the Missouri com-
promise ? They answered, " Yes." "Then,"
said he, " what is that compromise—a line pro-
hibiting slavery North and virtually recognizing
it South? Is there a man in this crowd that is
willing to recognize slavery south of any line?"
Early in the session, when the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Cox] proved by several gentle-
men of the Republican party, that their Demo-
cratic opponents had taken the ground that the
Kansas bill favored free soil, he was taunted by
southern Democrats here for bringing such testi-
mony against the Democracy. Yet, in a few
weeks, these same southern gentlemen went to
New Hampshire to aid in carrying that State for
the Democracy, and there they found the Admin-
istration press, and such orators as Hon. C. L.
Woodbury, and Harry Hibbard, the leader of
the Administration in last Congress, and a strong
advocate of the Nebraska bill, all claiming it as
a measure in favor of free soil. I have time to
read but one extract of the many I have before
me:
"And, therefore, there is no need of an Abolition or a
Republican party to prevent slavery extension. Let the
people alone, and they will, in every case, prevent its ex-
j tension of their own free will and accord. All that is neces-
sary is to maintain their right to decide this question, the
Democratic doctrine of popular sovereignty, and you will
have no more slave States—not one. The very system upon
which our Territories and new States are so rapidly popu-
lated, the source from which that population is derived, the
uniform experience of years, and the settlement of immense
territories recently acquired, all show conclusively that
from our present territory is to be carved out no new slave
States. The chief emigration is from the northern States,
and always must be, as their population so much predom -
mates. The emigration from Europe, from whence comes
whole columns, is just as unalterably opposed to slavery as
the people of the northern States. Are these the men to
make slavery an institution of new States which they set-
tle ? Most certainly-not. They will not do it; and there-
fore the new States must be free! We do not claim this
result, which we regard as a fixed fact, as a triumph of the
North over the South. Our party has never been arrayed,
one section against another; it looks only to the good of
the whole country. It knows no North, no South; but, as
individuals, we cannot but feel a pleasure that slavery hat
reached its utmost limits in this country."
This is from the Pierce organ, in New Hamp-
shire, published during the canvass; and tne
speeches of Woodbury and Hibbard express the
same views. And yet, with this division of
opinion between the Democracy North and South
as to the meaning and effect of that bill, in their
conventions they proclaim the principles of the
Kansas bill—being particularly careful not to
explain definitely what those principles are. Are
they sincere ?
Sir, when I see these things—behold the Dem-
ocratic party, by letters and speeches from this
Capitol—by the-tone of its orators and its press-
attempting to solidify and rally to their support
the South as a section, I distrust their devotion
to the union of the States, and am unwilling to
intrust them with power.
But the party which is to me most odious, and to
the country most dangerous, is that known as
the Republican party of the North—a party whose
success depends on local issues—which appeals
to sectional prejudices, whose principles and
objects are all at war with the institutions of the
South. How can such a party succeed without
sealing the fate of the Constitution? It must not
be. Its growth must be checked, its objects
defeated, its organization broken to fragments.
Sir, when I saw the action of the two parties,
and the sectional position they had assumed, so
dangerous to the institutions of our Government,
and saw that the middle ground and'the conserv- j
atism that had always characterized the Whig ,
party was also the distinguishing feature of theg!
American party, I did not hesitate where to go. !
And, although doubting, if not opposing, some ;
other principles of the American party, yet, when
I have since seen the foreign population cling
together almost with unanimity, while it is de-
nounced as little less than felony for Americans
to do the same—when I see the foreign vote, as
such, constitutes^ controlling political element in
the country, and is cast as a foreign vote—I can
only say I regard this as the highest justification
for me to vote as an American.
The American party is denounced by the Sew-
ards and Greeleys of Republicanism as a pro-
Southern, while the Democracy charge it as
Abolition. Yes, they who can so to Cincinnati
and fraternize with the men of the Buffalo Con-
vention of 1848, and who have been Free-Soil and I
Abolition ever since, charge the American party
with Abolition, because, when Free-Soilers creep
into it, the party purges itself, and sets them afloat,
and if not for a time as numerous, it is more pure
than the Democracy which recognizes Free-Soil-
ers as good enough.
But who do the Abolitionists and Republicans
say are their enemies at the North ? Wendel Phil-
lips, the prince of Abolitionists, made a great
speech in April last. Hear what he says of the
Americans.
"And nothing but an anti-slavery sentiment that will
trample Know-Nothing lodges indignantly under its feet,
radical as we can make it, will save even Charles Sumner.
If there is any man here who loves the Free-Soil party, let
him welcome such meetings as these. The game I liave
indicated is the one which is to be played, ana the Repub-
lican party cannot fight that battle with any mere political
organization; they cannot meet those secret lodges, break
those banded and marshaled hosts arrayed against them."
Does that look like the American party North
was allied with Abolition or Republicanism ?
No, sir. The American party is tne enemy of
all the anti-slavery parties, and they tremble
before the tread of its marshaled hosts, and fear
defeat and destrrction at its hands, but neither
feel nor express apprehension of danger from
the terrific Democracy.
Sir, the question of slavery is above all others
the most dangerous to the peace of the country.
Our greatest statesmen, who heretofore looked
calmly on when the popular mind was frenzied
with excitement on any other question, trembled
with fear when the relation of slavery was to be
made a subject of party division among the peo-
ple. Time and again they compromised it, but
all in vain. It is now upon the country in its
mast fearful form—the most conspicuous issue on
which is to be made the presidential canvass.
The people begin to feel alarmed at the sectional
i aspect assumed by those two powerful organiza-
tions, the Republican and Democratic parties,
| each, with the hope of party triumph, rallying
| one section of the country against the other, in a
contest in which is involved, not only the peace
] of the country, but the very existence of our Con-
i stitution and Government; and the people are
I beginning to look to a party which is truly Amer-
' ican and national, which knows no section, but
i is conservative of the rights of all—a party with
| Millard Fillmore at its head, whose past admin-*'
I istration is an earnest of the future—he who was
the subject of eulogy by such statesmen as Clay
and Cass, and all the political men of the country,
whether friends or opponents. There is one, sir,
so expressive of my own views, so eloquent,
which is so just to the subject, and so creditable
to the author, that I shall read an extract from
the eulogy pronounced by my colleague, Mr.
Caruthers, during the last Congress. He says:
" When the Whig party met in convention at Baltimore—
when it came to act upon the claims of that noble national
Whig, Millard Fillmore—he who had stood so calmly and
skillfully at the helm during the wild ragings of the storm
that had swept over the land—he whose deep devotion to
the Union had been proved in those ' dark hours'—be who
administered the affairs of this Government with a wis-
dom, a purity, a moderation, a firmness, only excelled by
the great fir^t President—he who had imbedded himself so
deeply in the love and confidence of the good men of all
parties in all the Union—he, upon the principles of avail-
ability, was sacrificed upon this same altar of northern pre-
judices. Did the saerifice—allow me to say, the unworthy
sacrifice, propitiate their favor ?"
We are to see, sir, who will now engage to
sacrifice this great patriot to the hate of liis bit-
ter enemy, William H. Seward, and the anti-
slavery prejudices of the North.
The Democratic and Republican parties have
begun a novel warfare upon Mr. Fillmore; they
find no particular fault with him, but claim that
he has no strength. This game is understood,
and I have confidence that the people will see it.
For one, sir, I did not wish his prospects brighter
at the beginning. 1 awaited the reaction: it is
coming, and will come. You can see it every-
where. The people begin to want moderation,
firmness, and patriotism in the Chief Magistrate,
and Millard Fillmore realizes all their hopes.
The people see a propriety in the American
ticket—Millard Fillmore, Andrew Jackson Don-
elson. Is there not a propriety in electing to
the high position for which he has been se-
lected, him who was the confidential friend, and
who bears the name, of Andrew Jackson, that in
this crisis of danger may be revived in the minds
