44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
bers in proportion with the increase of popula-
tion unless the Senate should consent; and that
the small States would coalesce to prevent that
consent of the Senate, and thus deprive the
House of Representatives of its legitimate share
of influence in the legislation of the country,—
Madison says that, if such coalition occur, for
the purpose of subverting the Constitution, and
depriving the House of its fair share of repre-
sentation, then the House of Representatives, in
the last resort, may say: " We will vote no sup-
plies until we are placed on our constitutional
footing;" and he says that then the Senate will
be afraid to go to the country upon an issue like
that, being precluded from any successful appeal
before the people by the provisions of the Con-
stitution, and the justice of the demand of the
House. That is what James Madison says. I
will read a single paragraph of his language:
"Notwithstanding the equal authority which will exist
between the two Houses on all legislative subjects except
the originating of money bills, it cannot be doubted that the
" Hou.se, composed of the greater number of members, when
supported by the more powerful States "—
because they will be a majority in the other
House—
" and speaking the known and determined sense of a ma-
jority of the people, will have no small advantage in a ques-
tion depending on the comparative firmness of the two
Houses. This advantage must be increased by the cofi-
sciousness felt by the same side of being supported in its
demands- by right, by reason, and by the Constitution, and
the consciousness on the other side of contending against
the force-of all these considerations."
Or, in other words, the passage which the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts read this morning from
the writings of Mr. Madison, amounts merely to
this: that when an attempt shall be made by the
Senate, if that attempt shall ever be made, which
God forbid (to subvert the Constitution of the
country) then, and not till then, will the House
of Representatives be justifiable in resorting to
extreme revolutionary measures. Now, sir, if the
Senator from Delaware can show us to-day in
what respect the Senate of the United States has
endeavored to subvert the Constitution of our
common country, and how it is that the House
of Representatives is justified in arresting the
revolutionary measures of the Senate, then, and
not till then, will I agree with him that the Sen-
ate of the United States is justly chargeable with
any shaie of the blame which he imputes to it.
This brings mc now Jo the consideration of the
proviso itself. Gentlemen speak of it, all around
me, in terms which show, to my nnnd, that they
cannot have read it. It is impossible that it can
have been read and have been spoken of in the
terms which the Senatorfrom Massachusetts used
in relation to it. The first passage of this proviso
is in these words:
11 Provided, That no part of the military force of the United
States heroin piovided for shall be employed in aid of the
enforcement of the enactments of the altered Legislative
A^finbly of the Territory of Kansas recently assembled
at Shawnee Minion, until Confront shall have enacted that
either it was or was not a valid legislative body."
Now take that up. Mr. President, I thought
that if there was a single principle understood by
every child who ever read an article about the
theory of free government—a principle that lies
at the basis not only of the Federal Constitution,
but of that of every State in this Union—if there
was a principle understood by all, acknowledged
by all, revered by all, it was that the liberties of
a free people can only be abstained and supported
by dividing its government into three distinct
branches, legislative, executive, and judicial, and
that if it was the province of the Legislature to
pass laws, and of the Executive to enforce them,
it. was equally, beyond all shadow of doubt and
contest, the province of the judiciary to determ-
ine upon their validity. When the House of
Representatives proposes to us that the armed
force of the United States shall never be employed
in the enforcement of laws enacted by the Legis-
lature of Kansas, until Congress shall enact a
law declaring those laws to be valid or invalid, it in
point of fact asserts and sends to us the propo-
sition that the laws passed by the Legislature of
Kansas shall never be enforced atany time what-
ever, even though those laws shall be submitted
to the test of judicial investigation, and shall be
declared to be valid by the tribunal that sits below
us; for, sir, you are to remember, that by the
terms of the Kansas-Nebraska act there is a
lasge number of judicial questions which are to
be carried to the court below for final decision.
The House of Representatives sends us here
to-day, for our concurrence, a proposition, that
the forces of the United States, in accordance
with the Constitution and laws of the country,
shall never be used in the enforcement of the
enactments of the Legislature, even in case the
Supreme Court of the United States shall determ-
ine those enactments to be valid, and direct the
enforcement of those laws. That is the propo-
sition which we have now before us—none other;
gentlemen can make nothing else of it. I, for
one, will never agree to place the judicial power
of this Government at the feet cither of the legis-
lative or of the executive department. But, sir,
that is not a tenth part of the folly and the fanat-
ici-sm included in this proviso.
" JJnd provided, That until Congress shall have passed
upon the validity of such Legislative Assembly"—
Congress is not now to pass upon the validity
of the election -of its own members, but Congress
is to pass upon the validity of an election of the
members of a Territorial Legislature! Until Con-
gress does that—which it will never do—
" it shall be the duty of th'e President to use the military force
in said TeirLtory to preserve the peace, to suppress insur-
rection, t*> repel invasion, to protect property and persons
theiem, and upon the national highways in the State
of Missouri, or elsewhere, from unlawful seizuies and
searches."
Mr. WILSON". If the Senator will allow me,
I wish simply to say that he is not reading the
proviso in the bill of the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator give me
the proviso?
Mr. WILSON. I had it with me this morning;
the difference is material.
Mr. MASON. The bill is on the table, and
can be read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have sent to the Secre-
tary for this bill of the House.
iClr. CASS. So far as you have gone, it is
substantially the same.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have now the engrossed
bill. The proviso is:
"Provided, nevertheless, That no part of the military force
of the United States, herein provided for, shall be employed
in aid of the cnfoicement of the enactments of the alleged
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Kansas recently
assembled at Sli«uvnee Mission, until Congress shall have
enacted either that it was oi was not a valid Legislative
Assembly, chosen m conformity with the organic law by
the people of said Territory."
This is substantially the same as that portion
! of the proviso to which I have just referred. Let
5 me go on further:
provided, That until Congress shall have passed
upon the v.iliditv of said Legislative Assembly of Kansas,
it hltall be the duty of the President to use themihtaiy force
in said Teiritoiy to preserve tiie peace, s-uppress insurrec-
tion, rrprl invasion, and pioteet peisons and property
therein, and upon the national highway in the Slate of Mis-
souri, or elsewhere, from unlawful seizures or searches."
Is that right?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir. I have the proviso
hero. 1 will hand it to the Senator.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Very well; here is another.
Several Senators. Take the bill.
Mr. PUGII. That which the Senator has
read is the proviso to this bill; but the new bill
of the House, sent here this session, had another
proviso, to which I presume the Senator from
Massachusetts refers.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But the Senator from Lou-
isiana is speaking of the bill now pending.
Mr. PUGH. That is the proviso to the bill of
last session.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Louisiana
has read the old proviso.
Mr. BENJAMIN. But this is the bill now
before us. I do not understand it exactly; but
the proviso I just read, I am told by the Secretary,
is the proviso to the bill now before us. I read
it from the printed bill. It is here before me m
the written bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Lou-
; isiana will allow me, I can explain to him exactly
how that proviso is. The bill as first sent from
the House contained the proviso which the Sen-
ator has read. It was sent here at the last ses-
sion. The Senate disagreed to it. It went back
to the House; the House changed it, and altered
the proviso to the original bill, and sent it here
again, it passed backwards and forwards be-
tween the two Houses. At the present session
a new bill was got up;and the proviso to the new
bill is precisely the same as the proviso to the
bill before u« at the adjournment of the last ses-
sion—not the same as the proviso as it first came.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The proposition upon
which I was speaking is the proposition as it
came to us from the House of Representatives,
upon which we adjourned.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The modification of that
proviso I have now before me. It appears that
this is now the stand of the House; it is this that
the House is now standing upon:
" Provided, nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That
no part of the military force of the United State«, for th©
support of which appropriations are made by this act, shall
be employed in aid of the enforcement of any enactment"—
not of the objectionable enactments—
" of the body claiming to be the Territorial Legislature of
Kansas, until such enactment shall have been afliimed and
approved by Congress ; hutthis proviso shall not be so con-
strued as to prevent the President from employing an ade-
quate military force, but it shall be his dutv'to employ t-uch
lorce, to prevent the invasion ot said Temtory by armed
bands of non residents, or any other body of non-residents
acting, oi claiming to art, as a posse comitalusof any otlicer
in said Terntorv, in the enforcement of any such enact-
ment, and to protect, the persons and property therein, and
upon the national highways leading to such Tcrntoiy, from
all unlawful searches and seizures. And it shall be his
furthei duty to take efficient measures to compel the return
of and to withhold all aims of the United States distributed
in or to said Territory, in pursuance of any law of the
United States authorizing the distribution of arms to the
States and Territories."
Now, Mr. President,iSo far as the first part of
this proviso is concerned, it is clearly obnoxious
to the remarks I have already made upon that
which originally was sent here from the House.
It proposes to paralyze the entire arm of the civil
government in Kansas. It proposes to treat all
the laws as nullities. It proposes to prevent the
enforcement of those laws, not until the judicial
tribunals of the country shall have detei mined
upon the validity or non-validity of those laws,
but until Congress shall have acted on the sub-
ject; so that if there be controversies before the
courts of justice in that Territory, and if those
controversies be now upon their way to the
Supreme Court of the United States, and if that
Supreme Court shall determine the judgments of
the court below to be just, and the laws to be
valid, the legislation of Congress is to declare
that, in defiance of the decrees of the judicial
department of the Government, those laws shall
remain a dead letter, and those who choose to
infringe them be able to laugh with contempt at
the decrees of your courts of justice. Tins is
the legislation which the House of Representa-
tives of the United States proposes to us to put
in an appropriation bill.
Mr. CASS. I will suggest to the honorable
member that, in principle, this is substantially
the same as the former proviso throughout, with
one exception. I think the House struck out that
part which authorizes the taking away of the
arms of individuals. It was found, on reflection,
to be clearly unconstitutional. That is the prin-
cipal change.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The House, as the Sena-
tor from Michigan has very well expressed it,
sent us a proposition at the close of the Inst ses-
sion to violate the Constitution of the United
States, in so many words, so plainly violative of
the Constitution that those who brought it for-
ward sprung the previous question on the minor-
ity, and would not allow a word to be said to
expose its unconstitutionality—so plainly uncon-
stitutional that the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means in that House, in making a
report from the committee, asked the permission
of the House of Representatives to read a clause
of the Constitution of his country to show them
the madness of the position to which their fanat-
icism was leading them—ay, sir, and was refused
the permission, and had to read the Constitution
of his country as a part of his speech. It has got
to be out of order for the majority of that body to
have the Constitution of the country read from
the Clerk's desk. Members who want to read
two lines of it must quote it as a part of their
speech. The majority have no time to listen to
such trash!
Weil, sir, they put in their bill a proviso
directly subversive of this clause of the Con-
stitution:
'• A well-regulated militia being necessary for the security
of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear
arms shall not be infringed."
The House of Representatives proposed to
