MM
THE: CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Junes 16>
which gocial society has tnilnmek'd ua, and nature makes
hor laws effectual."
As evidence of tlie extent of the reform they
propose, I wiil read an abstract of their purposes:
I. Universal suffrage.
3. The election of all officers by the people.
3v The abolition of the Presidency.
4. The abolition of Senates.
5. The right of the people to recall their repre-
sentatives ^cashier them) at pleasure.
©. The right of the people to change the Con-
stitution when they like.
7. All law-suits to be conducted without ex-
pense.
8. A department of the Government to be set
up for the protection of immigration.
9. A reduced term for acquiring citizenship.
10. Abolition of all neutrality.
II. Intervention in favor of every people strug-
gling for liberty. [Our new Democratic platform
approximates this feature.']
12. Abolition of all laws for the observance of
the Sabbath.
13. Abolition of prayers in Congress.
14. Abolition of oaths upon the Bible.
15. Supporting the emancipation exertions of
Cassius M. Clay by congressional laws.
16. Abolition of the Christian system of pun-
ishment, and the introduction of the human ame-
lioration system.
17. Abolition of capital punishment.
A German missionary speaking of his own
countrymen says:
u Infidelity and Sabbath profanation are raging among
my countrymen like cholera in the Orient. The thronged
and curious events of the times iiave imparted to thousands
of Germans? a uste for the newspapers, and there tire now,
I think, eight German newspapers edited m New York, and
their general bearing is anti-Christian. More destructive,
perhaps, are their lodges. They are numerous, and have
ostensibly for tlicir object the suppoit of the sick ; but indi-
rectly they destroy all Christian sentiments, and brum from
U>eI deep bottom of a sinful heart to the surface, rationalism
and atheism. The lodge is the great speculation-field of
bad spirits."
But, lest with a portion of the Senate the au-
thorities 1 have relied on may be objected to, I
■will read an extract from the United States Mag-
azine and Democratic Review of June, 1850,
which authority, I trust, no one will doubt:
" These European reformers are flocking hither by thou-
muk, bringing with them the pestilent produetsof the worn-
out soil of the Old World—winch, it would seem, when-
ever it falls into labor, produces nothing but monster*. They
being with thein a host of extravagant notions of lieedom,
or a plenty of crude, undigested theories, which arc utterly
unreconciinble with obedience to laws ot'our own making,
and from a Constitution of our own adopting. Th^y come
with their heads full of a division of property, ton country
where it if already divided tn a manner most nalutary to the
general weliare, by existing laws and institutions, allowing
every man an equal chance, and placing no artificial ob-
structions in the way oi any."
At a recent trial in Cincinnati the district attor-
ney read a circular, from which the following is
an extract:
"Awake, then, Irishmen of Ohio! andto the rescue. The
day of England's tribulation Is now—the withering breath
of an angry God is upon hor, scourging her for the robberies,
the murder*, the massacres, of ages, and dissolving her
power like snow before the warm sun! With the oppor-
tunity presented, and freedom before us, f=hall we, the r.\-
iled sons of a crushed ami lacerated mother, remain forever
helots of every people who wish to put the yoke upon our
necks, toil'through teproach and opprobrium, m the rags of
seivitude,and die with slavery's fetters on our limbs, with-
out an effort to efface the black and bitter memory of the
pastr Ireland speaks to us through the Massachusetts Con-
vention. Shall we not heed her call, and oryanue as she
directs? Cincinnati has already adopted the Maxsaphu-^tu
platform and plan of anion, and is duly authorized to or-
ganize the State of Ohio! The Robert Emmett Club of
Cincinnati, therefore, calls on you, Irishmen, to organize
clubs in every city, town, and village in the State, on the
above plan, and every necessary information will bo fur-
nished you here, 011 application to our Secretary. When
uie State is thus organized into clubs a State convention
S ?h!.5 i ' an? a„Stf"e Rectory elected, who shall man-
age tne tunus and other business of the society.
lM,t?r«h-TZ'ict no-"T tlu,'aud falu-'r now- The work is
light if action be united, and every man do his duty."
Here, sir, you see an extensive combination
formed within our limits to bring about a war
with a country with which we are not only at
peace, but with which we have more commercial
intercourse and interest than'the whole world be-
sides,and appeals of the most inflammatory char-
acter, addressed to the native pride and prejudice
of a naturally excitable and patriotic people. It
certainly cannot be necessary to adduce further
evidence on this head. If this proof does not
satisfy Senators of the danger to which I have
alluded, I shall despair of finding proof to effect-
that object, however abundant it may exist.
Having said all that I desire upon that branch
of the subject, I will barely call the attention of
the Senate to the injurious and depressing effects
upon the labor of our countrymen. A foreigner
writing upon that subject, says:
" But there is another consequence which is deserving
of notiee, and it is this : Our manufacturers, iron makers,
machinists, miners, agriculturists, railway, canal, and other
contractors, private families, hotel-keepers, and many
others, have got into the way of expecting and seeking
cheap labor, through the various supplies of operatives,
workmen, laborers, house help, and various other kinds of
workers, kept up by the indiscriminate and unrestrained
admission ot immigrants. Indeed, it is no secret that immi-
grants, or rather foreign workers, have become an article of
importation, professedly for the purpose of providing for
tlie deficiency of supply in the labor market, but, m reality,
with the intention of obtaining efficient workers at lower
wages."
1 may be told that the North is much more
deeply interested in this branch of the subject.
True, the North is much more deeply and directly
affected; but what injuriously affects one portion,
in a greater or lesser degree, affects the whole.
Can you cut off the hand without injury or pain
to the whole body ? But, sir, I was told in my
State, during the past summer, that all parties
were opposed to the admission into the country
of the foreign criminals and paupers; that I
would have tlie hearty cooperation of the Demo-
cratic party in passing any constitutional laws
to shield the country from that evil. I am con-
fident that 1 shall have upon this feature of the
bill, if upon no other, the aid of my distinguished
colleague. I will proceed as briefly as possible
to examine into the jurisdiction of Congress over
the subject. First, however, to sustain the pro-
priety of this section of the bill, I call attention
to the recommendation of Consul List, at Leip-
sic, in 1837. He says to the Secretary of the
Treasury: "To remedy the evil X would propose
the following measures:
"1. Tluitall personsintcndingtoimmijratetotlie United
States would have to produce to the consul of tlio United
Suites, m iliti seaport, a testimonial from the magistrate of
their icsuJenee, purporting that they have not been punished
fb  a crime (political punishments excepted) for the last
thiee years; that they arc able to maintain themselves by
theirlaboi or capital.
<f<2. That the consul of the United States, in the seaport,
should have to ceitity these testimonial*; and that the mas-
feis of frhips who would take a passenger without such
testimonial should have to pay a eonsideiahlefineou land-
ing him in tlie United States.
"3. That th« consul of the United States, m file seaport,
should have power to rnfuse his eeitifieate to all those immi-
grants who, in his opinion, would become a buiden to the
community on their arrival in the United States."
That Congress has the power over this subject,
is, I think, clem- and unquestionable. I will read
some authority to support my opinions. Chief
Justice Marshall, in the case of Gibbons us.
Ogden, (9th Wheaton, p. 21G,) in delivering; the
opinion of tlie Supreme Court, said, in relation to
the ninth section of the first article of the Con-
stitution:
The section which restrains Congress from prohibiting
the migration or importation of such persons as any of the
States may think pioper to admit until 1808, has always
been considered as an exception from the power to regulate
commerce; and certainly seems toclassmigration with im-
portation. Migration applies as appropriately to voluntary,
us importation docH to involuntary, arrivals ; and, so far as
an exception from a power proves its existence, this section
proves that the power to regulate commerce applies equally
to the regulation of vessels employed in tran-pomng men
who pass from place to place voluntarily, and to those who
pass involuntarily."
In another case,' Justice McLean held that—
"The police power of a State, and the foreign commer-
cial power of Congress, must stand together. Neither of
them can be so exercised as materially to affect the other.
The sources arid objects of the^e powers are exclusive,
distinct, and independent, and are essential to both Gov-
ernments."
This I understand to be the true doctrine upon
the subject. While the Federal Government has
no power to interfere with the rights of the States
within their jurisdiction, they have the power to
regulate commerce, and to say who may or shall
not be brought into the waters of the United
States, to act in concert with the States for the
common defense and general welfare of the coun-
try. That the States are inadequate in power is
obvious to all, from our generaf knowlege of the
subject. It is admitted by Mayor Wood, and
proven by his statement, sustained by a former
member of this body, and one of its most useful
members, and whose memory is cherished by all
who knew him. I mean the late Mr. Davis, of
Massachusetts. In speaking of the efforts made
by his State, he said:
" She has attempted to modify the e-viVhy countervailing
legislation, by requiring bonds from the masters of vessels,
bringing foreign passengers, conditioned that for a given pe-
riod they shall not become chargeable to the public. This,
however, proves inadequate."
The onty mode is to hold the vessel responsible.
Full investigations cannot take place at their land-
ing, but it may be done by our consul at the place
of their embarking, where theyare known. They
land in our ports, escape the vigilance of our
police, pass into the interior States, and become
a curse and a burden to the people, who have no
power to protect themselves except through the
instrumentality of the Congress of the United
States. The necessity no one will deny—as to
the power, I shall content myself by reading
opinions of the Judges of the Supreme Court of
the United States. 1 will read from an opinion
delivered by Mr. Justice Wayne. He says:
"The acts of New York and Massachusetts, imposing a
tax upon passengers, either foreigners or citizens, coming
into the ports of these States, either in foreign vessels or
vessels of the United States, froio foreign nations or from
ports in the United States, are unconstitutional and void ;
being iu their nature regulations of commerce, contrary to
the grant in the Constitution to Congress to regulate com-
merce with foreign nations and among tlie several States."
He says further:
" The ninth section of the first article of the Constitution
includes within it the migration of other persons, as well as
the importation of slaves, and in terms recognizes that othe*
persons, as well as slaves, may be tlie subjects of importa-
tion and commerce."
Mr. Justice McLean i
" A tax or duty upon tonnage, merchandise, or passen-
gers, is a regulation of commerce, and cannot be laid by a
State, except under the sanction of Congress, and tor the
purposes specified in the Constitution. On tlie subject of
foreign commerce, including the transportation of passen-
gers, Cougiess have adopted Mlcli regulat ions as they deemed
proper, taking in view our relations with other countries.
And this covers the whole ground. The act of New York,
which imposes a tax on passengers of a ship from a foreign
port 111 the manner provided, is a regulation of foreign com-
merce, which is exclusively vested m Congress: and the
act is theiefore void."
I have shown the necessity of this power, and
authority of Chief Justice Marshall; and at a later
date the authority of a majority of the Supreme
Court of tlie United States; which I deem suffi-
cient to justify me, with all my strict-construction
notions, to exercise it. I am not tenacious of the
mode indicated by this bill. If any one will pro-
pose a better remedy, I shall gladly adopt it. If
the Senate differ with me upon all the other
features of the bill, I trust they will strike them
out, and adopt this, as it is perhaps the greatest
evil, and the country is more united in its favor.
But, sir, I am told the remedy I propose is insuf-
ficient for the purposes contemplated. I can only
say that I propose it as an experiment—if it shall
be tried and fail, I would be in favor of a per
capita tax upon fofeigners which would effect the
purpose. But, sir, f do think that such a law,
as proposed by this bill, would curtail the immi-
gration to a most beneficial extent. What have
you seen' The immigration last year was not
half that of the preceding year; and the greater
portion of that falling off I attribute to the mere
agitation of this question. I know it is said that
the European war has had that effect; but if you
will look to the arrivals, you will find the falling
off almost as great from portions of Europe not
affected by the war, as in those portions directly
engaged m it. The masses in Europe do not
understand the character of our controversy on
this subject. An extract from the Dublin Tele-
graph will explain, the influences which control
immigrants. It is this:
" As to the Irish people themselves, they really want
something more substantial and more beneficial to theui, as
a working and industrious nation, than a republic. The
Irish have had two hitter experiences of a republic—in
their own country, as subjects of an English republican
Government; in the United States, as subjects of tlie great
American Republic, tn both, they have suffered a remorse-
less, ruthless, pitiless persecution—here, from the Croro-
welhans; there, from the Know Nothings. The Irish are
aware that, umicr a republican form of Government, there
may, and can, be no safety for bishops, priests, monks, or
nuns. This is the Irish experience of a republican form of
Government. Why should they expose themselves to all
the horrors of civil war, to bring such a calamity upon their
country
It seems to me that we owe something to pos-
terity. When I alluded to this subject at the
last session, the idea of saving our unoccupied
territory for our descendants was very greatly
ridiculed by the public press. Let that pass.
