1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
34th Cong....1# Sess.
The Kansas Question—Mr. Edwards.
Ho. op Reps.
have always been content, for the sake of peace ]
and union, to leave the vexed element of slavery
where the Constitution and the ordinances of the
Confederation have left it. It is true that there
■were many provisions in these ordinances which,
in our opinion, were well calculated to call into
life the indignant impulse of & people jealous of
their rights. The fugitive slave act of 1850 was
an evident attempt on the part of the South to
humiliate the generous feeling of the North, by
making them the instruments of the law to aid in
the recapture of the slave, and denying the right
of trial by jury. Had not the Supreme Court of
the United States determined in favor of that law,
we should have been inclined to have questioned
its binding force, as we most certainly do its wis-
dom. Repulsive as this provision of the act was
to us, we, in common with others at the North,
gave to it a reluctant acquiescence. This assent
was, however, based upon the assurance of the
men who stood as its godfathers, that it would
prove a panacea for all the real and anticipated
strifes arising from the encroachments of slavery.
We are not disposed, in our remarks at this
time, to cast the least censure upon the President,
who, as the political head of the Union, was
bound to see every constitutional Jaw of Congress
executed, or the Court of thq^JJnited States,
whose duty it was to construe and expound the
laws passed by Congress. The fault, in our
opinion, should rest upon the direct representa-
tives of the people. The President has but one
duty in all cases of this kind to perform, and
that is to sign all constitutional laws, and when
signed see them fully executed. A departure
from this rule will lead us directly into revolu-
tion. We are reminded of matters of history in
regard to the passage of this act, which, in our
opinion, does the then President great honor.
When that bill came to him for execution, under
the forms of law, he cjuestioned its constitution-
ality, as he did the wisdom of many of its pro-
visions. It was referred to the law officer of the
Government, by whom it was pronounced con-
stitutional, and under the well-known and recog-
nized principles of the party, the President was
bound to sign the bill.
We shall not deny thathere and there instances
existed where even good men were found arrayed
in hostility to its execution. These were, how-
ever, exceptions. The great mass of the free
States are a law-observing people. They may
question, as they did in this instance, the wisdom
and justice of the law, yet they are willing to trust
to that intelligent purpose which lives in the great
heart of the American people to correct the errors
which partisan haste or indiscreet philanthropy
may have created. In defending the two great
political parties which have existed for years at
the North from the charge of sectionalism, we
but indicate that judgment which the history of
the country has already pronounced. They have
ever proved loyal to the Constitution and the
Union; and as the North were among the first to
assert the rights and privileges of freemen against
the imperious demands ana dominion of Great
Britain, so now they will be the first to demand
that the great living principles taught by that
Constitution shall not be destroyed by hands
defiled and hearts corrupted. They will cling to
that instrument with all the fervor of the true ser-
vant of the Cross to his religion; and if blasted
by polluted hands and distempered judgments,
they will, in the fullness of that love ana vener-
ation which reveals itself in all their actions, strive
to rescue its provisions from oblivion by replant-
ing the tree upon more congenial soil.
Acquiescing as we did in the provisions of the
act of 1850, .we had the right to demand that our
position should be respected by a strict adherence
to the declaration of parties, tnat the question of
slavery and its eneroachments should not again
be raised. We had acquired a kind of vested
right in the peace and harmony of the country;
a right to demand that the repose which was be-
coming universal should not agqin be disturbed,
and the country rocked to and fro by further en-
croachment upon the sacred compacts of the
Government. But an Administration which is
only conspicuous for the evils it has done, was
competent for any emergency. The man who
now fills the executive chair well knew the moral
and political feeling of the North upon this ques-
tion. He understood, then, as well as now—for
he had been educated in her institutions, and had
embraced the sentiments common to a free people
—that the universal sentiment was one simply of
acquiescence; yet in the face of all the unmistak-
able evidence of opposition, at a time when all
was peace and good will, without any exigency
either North or South, without the form of a
single petition, as at the dead hour of night we
are startled from a peaceful slumber by some
dread calamity—so were the people of this na-
tion startled from a profound and quiet slumber
of personal and national security by the repeal
of the Missouri compromise. The effect could
not have been more manifest had the Constitu-
tion itself, instead of a compact, been the subject
of political vandalism.
Well may the people of the free States inquire
of what use are compromises, if they are to be the
mere playthings of parties? Once having been
made, how imperative the necessity which should
require their repeal! That party which now
makes itself foolish in upholding the right of re-
peed, seems to forget the history of the past, and
that once they were as clamorous in its defense as
they are now faithless to the principles which
th«y once embraced. As an original question,
we are free to admit, we should haye been op-
posed to the construction of any line, or any
division of the territories of the States, into which,
by any possibility, slavery might come. But,
once having been established, and the country
having acquiesced in its necessity, it was no part
of the statesman to have sought its repeal.
Under these circumstances it becomes a duty
which we owe to ourselves and those whose inter-
ests are intrusted to our care, to see to it that, by
the repeal of the compromise of 1820, slavery be
not extended into any part of that Territory pro-
tected by the repeal act. The Missouri compro-
mise having been adopted, there seemed to bean
imperative necessity, if repose from agitation was
desirable, for its continuance. With an Admin-
istration less scrupulous than the present, it
would have continued through all future time, as
sacred as the Constitution itself. By its repeal
you have brought reproach upon the bright and
Brilliant name of the immortal Washington: you
have broken faith with the' generous hopes of an
industrious, educated people: you have by your
acts of folly said in plain terms that our confi-
dence and honesty of purpose was but an article
of commerce, to be bartered away that you might
be exalted. Let it be so understood; we are con-
tent with the issue. One lesson at least we have
learned: that hereafter it belongs to us to see
American honor and faith protected. Nations
which derive their powers from the consent of
the people, should always practice towards its
constituent branches the same faith and honesty
which ought to exist between individuals in their
primary associations. Confidence can only exist
while we manifest in our practice those virtues
which win the respect and goodwill of a moral
intelligence. National character has its origin in
the same school of morality and intelligence with
that of individual character. The same elements
which constitute and ennoble the man, impressed
upon our Constitution, laws, and institutions, give
character to the nation. The same acts which
tarnish and destroy private reputation, when ex-
hibited by a nation, beget a want of confidence
and respect for its decrees. A breach of plighted
faith by the individual may, and frequently does,
ruin his reputation for honesty forever. Yet a
great and powerful nation may year by year break
faith with its members, and receive the plaudits
of an ignoble party.
These remarks, it seems to us, have a direct
application to the violent disruption of a system
of public policy, which had the sanctity of a con-
stitutional provision. Every drop of blood which
has fertilized the soil of Kansas, whether for or
against the present policy of the Administration,
is traceable directly to the repeal of that compro-
mise. Every scene of strife, of turmoil and con-
fusion, have had their origin in the base and
immoral policy of a corrupt and wicked Admin-
istration. It still lives, and seeks, by means of
the entire power of the Federal Government, to
continue to profit upon the intelligence of the
North, by the practice of falsehood and deception.
It is still intent upon subjugating free territory to
the dominion of servitude: with our aid it shall
never be done. They may repeal other contracts,
and even the Constitution itself; yet so far as our
influence may extend, it shall tell in favor of that
policy which is becominga great and a free people.
Who and what are we, .that we should limit our
hopes for the future, the progress of human and
divine agencies, to the snort space of a single
day, or years ? And what is personal exaltation
and glorv, which lives only in the tears of the
good ana the faithful—which delights to feed
upon broken hopes and plighted faith, compared
with that record which grows brighter and better
as years advance upon us and our memories ?
The consciousness of having discharged our duty
to ourselves, our neighbors, our State, and our
country, is infinitely of more value than all the
transitory positions which fraud or corruption
ever conferred.
The future historian, in commenting upon the
present era of America, will, if he be just to truth,
characterize it as the period when vice, robed in
the habiliments of virtue, held undisputed sway
—when America# sentiment and nationality were
buried beneath the monuments of her former great-
ness—as the period when the calm voice ana sub-
duing memories of Washington were forgotten
in the wild and reckless thirst for acquisition, for
new Territories, for dominion and power, by
flattering the hopes and pandering to the passions
of an ignorant and illiterate foreign element, in
preference to the cultivation of a high and eleva-
ted American nationality.
The constitutional power of Congress to legis-
late upon the subject of slavery in the Territories
is, in our opinion, clear and conclusive. Although
the power is not expressed in direct terms, such
has Deen the legislation of Congress in recogni-
tion of this right, that there ought not to exist in
the minds of intelligent men a reasonable doubt.
Whether it is politic to exercise the power in
every case is another question, which it is not
necessary now to discuss. '
The provision of the Constitution, under which
the power has been exercised, is as follows:
" That Congress shall have the power to dispose
j of, and make all needful rules and regulations
respecting, the territory, or other property of
the United States." The Territories of tne Union
belong to the States as joint owners and as dis-
tinct sovereign communities, and not to the
people. Although the States derive their first
powers from the people, in order to establish a
more perfect form of government, they surrender
to the States, as separate and distinct sovereign-
ties, the right to legislate for the Territories.
How, we ask, can it be said that the people of the
United States exercise any of their political pow-
ers or collective rights except through Federal
legislation ? It was the States in their sovereign
character as independent sovereignties, that gave
the Federal Government all its powers,and not the
people. We have stated that, in our opinion, the
Territories of the Union belonged to the States as
joint owners, with as indefeasible right as was
ever holden by an owner to the fee of the soil.
The Federal Government may, if it choose,
declare by law that these Territories shall never
be occupied, or they may limit and qualify the
right of occupation. They may by law partition
the Territories among themselves, giving to each
of the States in proportion to their population, the
present unoccupied lands; and the States, after
such partition, may dispose of its own portion
in any manner it may choose consistent with its
laws. This construction would at once dispose
of the question of power on the part of the Gen-
eral Government. It is, however, claimed in some
localities, that the Territories are only held by
the States as a kind of trustee for the benefit of
the people collectively, to be disposed of to the
citizens of the several States who may immigrate
to the Territory. Under the terms "rules _ and
" regulations, which were most conclusively
established by the Hon. Mr. Ritchie, of Penn-
sylvania, in nis able argument upon this ques-
tion, to mean a full and clear power of legislation,
we claim the power is given to the Federal Gov-
ernment to either extend or restrict slavery in the
Territories. That these terms hare had such a
