1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
(SBTf
The letter was read, as follows:
United States Patent Office, March 4,185g.
Sir : x understand that the Committee of Ways and
Means have not provided in the deficiency bill, lately intro-
duced mto the House, funds for this office which have
been and are about to be expended lor the distribution of
seeds, cuttings, &c.
Should it be the pleasure of your committcc to recom-
mend an appropriation of $20,000 on said bill, $3,000 0f
which are deficit, §10,000 required fot the distribution of
seeds, &c., on hand, and $7,000 for the procurement of
wheat and other seeds, intended for fall sowing, you will
supply, in a reasonable degree, the wants of the agricultural
portion of the community.
I have no doubt,from the benefits which have been already
derived from the appropriations in years past, that such a
sum could be advantageously employed in futtherance of
general objects of the agricultural branch of tins office.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
CHARLES MASON, Commissioner.
Hon. Philip Allen, Chairman of the Committee on Agri-
culture, United States Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, 1 have no
doubt that this amendment will meet with the
concurrence of a majority of the Senate. I re-
member the time when this matter was proposed,
and from its inception I have held the belief that
it would lead to what it is fast leading to—the
establishment of an Agricultural Bureau. I be-
lieve, however, that there will be no chance to
stop it until it grows larger. For myself, I shall
be content with voting against the amendment,
for I know that it is useless to resist it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I believe that if the amend-
ment should succeed, as I trust it will, it will do
more to carry the gentleman's bill through the
other House than any other amendment which has
been adopted to-day. If it should be attended by
such results as the honorable Senator anticipates,
I shall be exceedingly gratified. If we should
have an Agricultural Bureau, I think it would be
a great blessing to the country. However, I fear
that a proposition to appropriate $20,000 for
agricultural purposes will not be blessed with
such a result as the gentleman anticipates. I
hope the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings to offer some amend-
ments to this bill, all relating to the repairs
of public works in the District of Columbia. I
received a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior, in the month of February, contain-
ing a list of such appropriations as he thought
ought to be introduced into the deficiency bill.
From the character of the works, there is a
necessity for proceeding with them before the
summer season shall have passed away. The
committee, after acting upon the recommendation,
decided against some and have adopted others as
essential. The amendments which I now offer
include all of which they approved:
Fonepans of Pennsylvania avenue, $3,000 ;
For taking care of the grounds south of the President's
house, continuing the impiovementsol the same, and keep-
ing them m order, $3,000 ;
For filling up and diaining the giounds in the vicinity of
the national green -houses, known as tin; tfotanie (Jan!cn,
and for wallmg the cieek winch passes thiough the s>aiiie.
$5,fi50;
For continuing the giading and planting with trees the
unimproved poitions o[ the mall, $10,000 ;
For the constiuction of a sewer in Judiciary Squaie,
$6,000;
For filling up a lavine in Judiciary Square, $3,000;
For placimr the sewei-opemng'- along Pennsylvania av-
enue undei the footway, and tiapping the same, $8,000 ;
For the pm chase of one dozen iron settees for Lafayette
Square, $'175;
For lepanmg the old portion of the Patent OfTieo build-
ing. constructing water-ciosets theiem, and casual repairs
of the east wing of said budding, .$4,000.
For the purchase of tiees and nee-boxes, $5,000.
I ask for the reading of the letter from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, of which I have spoken.
The letter was read, as follows.
Dki'aktmknt of the Interior,
Washington, February 28, 1850.
Sm: 'Among the appropriations asked for by the Depait-
rnent, and embraced in the estimates which were printed
and distributed attlie commencement of the present session
of Congress, theie are some for the continuation of improve-
ments already begun, and for others deemed necessary for
promoting the heaithfulncss and beauty of this city, winch
it is very deniable should be made as. soon a% possible, so
that the"present reason for such work may not be lost.
I send you herewith a h< ol those appropriations, with
a reference to the pages of the printed estimates on which
they may lespectively be found.
For my general views on this subject, I beg to refer you
to the 14th and 15th pages of my last annual leport, a printed
copy of which, in a convenient toun, 1 send heiewith.
1 feel confident of your concurrence with me m the pro-
priety of these recommendations; and, as it will icadily
Occur to you that some of these appiopnations are for
improvements which, if not commenced before the passage
of the general appropriation bill, will have to remain until
the spring of 1857,1 &ubmit the subject for the consuletaiion
ol your committee, with the bare suggestion, that they be
inserted in the delTcieney bill now about to be reported.
I am informed that it is not unusual to make provision in
the deficiency bills for objects which, though not strictly
of the nature of deficiencies, are not of that tegular annual
character of which the general appropriation bills are com-
posed.
I have the honor to be, very respectfullv, vour obedient
servant, R. McOLELLAND, Secretary.
Hon. J. A. Bayard. Chairman Committee on Public Build-
ings, United States Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The question will be taken
on the amendments separately. The first is:
For repaiis of Pcnu&ylv.uiia avenue, $3,000.
Mr. BROWN. I am not going to oppose thew
amendment, fori think itis rightandpioper; buF
I had intended to say, on the first occasion when
any appropriation should come up for the repair
of Pennsylvania avenue, that the legislation upon
the subject ought either to be amended, or, if it
be sufficient, it ought to be enforced. We make
these appropriations from year to year for repairs
upon that avenue, and why are they necessary ?
The necessity in most cases originates in this
way: some one wants to turn gas into his house;
the pa\mg stones are taken up, trenches are
dug, the dirt is thrown lightly back, a rain falls,
and the first time a heavy omnibus passes over the
place, it is crushed down. Why, sir, if you will
notice the avenue as you walk home from the
Capitol, you will find that the pavement is taken
up in more places than one along the avenue, and
has been up for the last three months. The bricks
are taken up, and are allowed to remain up. I
confess that I for one am getting tired of "voting
for these appropriations, unless we have some
law to prevent private trespasses upon the work
done by the Government. The law ought to be
amended or enforced.
Supposing that this subject properly belonged
to the Committee on the District of Columbia, of
which I am a member, I had intended, when the
first appropriation should be asked, to propose a
stringent provision against this constant taking
up of the pavements which the Government lays
down, and half putting them back again. Though
I do not mean to oppose this proposition, I give
notice that I will, before the session has closed,
ask Congress to pass a law to prevent individuals
making these constant encroachments upon the
work of the Government. You cannot keep Penn-
sylvania avenue in repair if every citizen of Wash-
ington is allowed to take it up when he chooses,
and then after half fixing it, pay no further atten-
tion to it.
Mr. BAYARD! I do not understand that these
i repairs are necessary m that way, but from the
j ordinary wear and tear of the avenue. That, at
■ hast, is the statement of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings to me. 'The work must neces-
sarily bo carried on constantly, m order to pre-
vent much greater expense by letting the injury
go to an extent involving three or four times the
cost of a timely repair; and therefore it is certainly
a proper provision to be put in the deficiency bill.
This is the time when the work can be best done,
and these repairs must be made from time to time.
This is the reason why the Committee on Public
Buildings agree to the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Interior. As to the subject to
which the honorable Senator from Mississippi
has referred, I shall have no objection to the legis-
lation of which he speaks.
Mr. WELLER. I suppose it is indispensably
necessary to repair the avenue, and the General
Government alone has the power over it.
The amendment was adopted.
The following amendments of Mr. Bayard
were agreed to without a division:
For takinj: care of the grounds south of the President's
lmu^e, continuing the improvements of the same, and keep-
ing them m older, $3,000.
For filling up and draining the grounds in the vicinity of
the national green-houses, known as the Botanic Garden,
and for walhng the creek which passes through the saiuo,
$5,6o0.
The next amendment was:
For continuing the grading and the planting with tiees
the unimpioved poitions of the mall, $30,000.
Mr. BAYARD. We reduced the whole esti-
mate one half, in order that they might go on with
the work in the interim between now and the
commencement of the next fiscal year.
The amendment was agreed tu.c
The next amendment—to insert
For the construction of a sewer in Judiciary Square,
$6,000—
was adopted.
The next amendmentwas agreed to, as follows:
For filling up a ravine in Judiciary Square, $3,000.
The next amendment was:
For placing the sewer openings along Pennsylvania ave-
nue under the footway, and trapping the same, $8,000.
Mr. WELLER. I am voting for all these
amendments, supposing them to be deficiencies.
I ask my friend from Virginia to tell me whether
they are properdeficiencies; if they are, of course
they ought to be inserted in this bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe that I did agree, as
a member of the Committee on Public Buildings,
that these appropriations for the repair of Penn-
sylvania avenue, &c., ought to be put in the bill
as necessary for the current service of the year.
I dare say most of them might go in under that
head; but I believe it would be better if we were
to withdraw them all, and wait until we shall
have the general appropriation bill before us, in
which they may be properly inserted. I think it
may be better that tnis bill should not be embar-
rassed with them. We have already inserted an
appropriation for the water-works; and I would
recommend to the chairman of the Committee on
Public Buildings that he withdraw these provis-
ions until the general appropriation bill shall come
up.
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot assent to that. The
committee decided that it was a necessary appro-
priation; and in my own judgment, it is just as
proper to put it in this bill as in any other, unless
you mean to refuse the appropriation for the
whole year; because it is a positive farce to put
these appropriations in the general bill, when the
period of time at which the money can be used
will have gone by. You must cither refuse the
appropriation altogether, or it becomes merely
nominal, if you do not put it in this bill. The
Secretary of the Interior recommends that they
should all go into the deficiency bill; and they are
just as essential to be put in the billon that ground,
as any of the other items which have been insert-
ed. I do not know what is the object otherwise
of a deficiency bill. Is it to provide that, where
the officers of the executive Government have
expended money without authority, their act shall
be made good? Is that alone the object of a
deficiency bill, that, when they have thus ex-
pended money without authority, you may make
provision for it?
Now, I have supposed that the object of a de-
ficiency bill was to provide for the exigencies of
the public service, which require an immediate
application of the public money. I do not care
from what source that necessity arises. That is
a perfectly immaterial point, if the character of
the work "be such as to require that an appropri-
ation should be made now or not at all, so as to
bo practically useful. That isjustasgood'areason
for putting it into a deficiency bill, or any other
which could be assigned.
The Committee on Public Buildings went over
with care all the recommendations which were
contained in the list sent by the Secretary with
the letter which has been read. We went over
them, and rejected nearly one half, because we
did not consider that they were absolutely neces-
sary to be appropriated for now. -The others we
thought connected themselves with the health of
the city and with the progress of public works
which ought not to be suspended; and it was
therefore considered necessary that the appro-
priation should be made now, as otherwise the
whole benefit must be postponed for a year. I
cannot consent to withdraw the amendments; the
Senate will vote them down if it pleases. I have
no interest in the matter, other than my own con-
victions of what is right to be done.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 do not mean to raise any
technical objection. I will remark, in reference
to one statement of the Senator from Delaware,
that there is no appropriation in this bill of which
I am aware, for repaying money expended by the
officers of the Government without the authority
of law. I am not aware that there is an item in the
bill for any such purpose. There are appropri-
ations in the bill providing more money for the
current expenses of the year. I admit that simi-
lar provisions to these have been incorporated into
