688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19.
the deficiency bill; but since wc had a conference
oil that subject in the committee, the Senate have
determined to enlarge the appropriation for many
objects—for fortifications and others —and it
seems to me that we ought to cut off on some-
thin"-. I think it better, therefore, especially as
thisBbill might be embarrassed by these appro-
priations, to reserve them for the general bill.
That course may postpone some of them for a
year, or until the coming fall; but I believe we
had better do even that, and secure what we have
already inserted in this bill for this District, than
run the risk of losing all.
I know there is much reason in what has been
said by the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard;]
yet, on the whole, I think he would consult the
interests of the District by waiting until the gen-
eral appropriation bill shall come up; but he will
take his own course.
Mr. BAYARD. I will not suppose that a
committee ofthe House of Representatives, or the
House itself, will re ject necessary and proper ap-
propriations merely on the score of their amount.
1 think these appropriations requisite; they are
for objects which connect themselves essentially
with the health of the city of Washin ton. Take,
for instance, the sewer of Judiciary square: the
corporation of Washington constructed a part of
it; they have decided that it is necessary to pre-
serve the public health; but that sewer cannot be
constructed unless we make this appropriation.
'Everybody who knows anything about it must
necessarily know that it is essential to health,
and if the appropriation is not made now it must
be put by for a whole year. I might illustrate
other things in tlm same way: l'or instance, ill
Tegard to draining. All these appropriations, I
believe, are necessary to be made, and they would
undoubtedly go into a general appropriation bill;
but if they are not voted now they might as well
not be made for this year at all. I cannot suppose
that, for the sake of the small sum of $30,000,
the House of Representatives will imperil the
whole bill or any portion of the bill. It is im-
puting to them a disposition to c.avil at I he amend-
ments'of the Senate which I will not believe exists
until I find that it does exist in fact.
Mr. HUNTER. Although I did assent to
this appropriation as a member of the Committee
on Public Buildings, yet on reflection 1 think that
it had better not be put in this bill. T cannot
vote for it. I believe that we will be naming the
risk of prejudicing this bill, which is a ditlicult
one to carry. The Senate can insert these ap-
ropriatio^is in the general hill; and if that course
'C pursued it will only make a deference of two
or three months. I do not think that t he Senator
should press them, therefore, in this place, when
the effect may be to prejudice the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of Mr. Hayard was read,
as follows:
For the purchase of one do/.eii iron settees for f.ai'ujctu:
equure, $170.
Mr. BAYARD. Timt nmendment wax only
offerod because it was small. I do not care a
straw about it. I do not know that it is necessary
or material, and I wi!l withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the amendment will bo allowed to be withdrawn.
There was no objection.
The next amendment of Mr. 1'ayahi> was —
For repairing the old pott ion ol the I'ntcut Otliee hmtdnur,
constiucting wrtter-clo^eH tltorem, <md ca-iuil icp.ni-* of
the ea^t wing of ^aul bmldum, y 1,000.
Mr. BA\ ARD, This is nn essentia! improve-
ment necessary for the health and comfort ofthe
employes m the office.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was
For the purchase of troesi and tiee-lxm^, $.",000.
Mr. BAYARD. The around on which this
amendment was recommended is that, unless the
appropriation be made now, the season will pass j
away at which the trees can be planted.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BAY \RD. I have one other amendment
to offer, which is strictly, and m all respects, a
deficiency. At the last session, Congress appro-
priated *>l,0lH) for the purchase of furnaces for i
the library. On examination and inquiry, the
Commissioner of Public Buildings found that it
was impossible to obtam the furnaces for less
I
than $1,500; and they were put up at a cost of
"1,500. The amendment which I propose is,
For an additional furnace erected for the Library of Con-
gress, $500.
The sum is due, and it is necessary that it
should be appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to offer an
amendment which is recommended from the De-
partment in a letter which has been already read
at the instance of the honorable Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.] The amendment is:
I For repairs of the navy-yard and upper bridges of the
eastern bianch of the Potomac river, $11,000.
jj Mr. BAYARD. The reason why the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings have not acted on this
proposition, and therefore why 1 could not offer
it, was that in the list of appropriations which
the Secretary of the Interior thought ought to be
put into the deficiency bill, the person copying it
m his office omitted several appropriations, and
I knew nothing of them until the day before yes-
terday. Since then 1 have had no time to assem-
ble tlie committee. I had intended, if this bill
should not be passed to-day, to call them together
to-morrow morning, in order to take their judg-
ment on three appropriations, one of which is of
a considerable amount; but I did not feel myself
at liberty to offer them without having been sub-
mitted to the consideration of the committee. It
arose from no neglect of mine; but from the fact,
that, in copying the list of the appropriations,
which the Secretary meant to recommend, three
items were omitted; this is one of them.
Mr. PRATT. 1 will reduce the appiopriation
to $5,000. It is included with the recommendation
for the repairs of the Long Bridge across the Po-
tomac, wluch caused the amount to be stated at
$11)000. The committee have confined the prop-
osition so as to limit the repairs to the bridges
over the eastern branch of the Potomac. Instead
of the pi,000 that were asked for, only $5,000
are proposed for the repairs of those bridges.
Even that sum may be more than is necessary;
but I think not. The Secretary has asked that it
may be placed in this bill. 1 assume that he
would not so ask unless it were necessary for the
preservation of the means of access to the Dis-
trict from Maryland, from which we get all we
eat here. 1 presume that, unless this repair was
necessary for that purpose, he would not have
naked that it should be placed on this bill. There-
fore it is properly here. The estimate of ^5,000
is not too large, but, if it should he, the money
will net all be expended. 1 apprehend there will
be no diiHculty either here or in the other House
because of this amendment. It is simply for
keeping in repair the bridges across the Eastern
Branch, which give the people of Maryland ac-
cess to the District, and the people of the District
access to the State of Maryland.
Mr. HUNTER. Here is averydoubtful prop-
osition at best. We have no report from any
engineer as to what is to be the cost of the work
proposed, and no report from anybody who un-
derstands the subject, as to what is wanting for
these bridges. Hilt if we had, it is a matter
which oughi to go into the general appropriation
bill, and not into t hit* deficiency bill. There is no
d« iieiency for this purpose; nothing has been un-
dertaken by Congress in u'lation to it, and it is
not u work which has to lie earned on. With
the exception of the estimate which the Senator
says came from the Department ofthe Interior, \v e
have not information enough to enable us to know
whether it is better to repair ! hese bridges or build
new ones, or whether we will continue to a.ssu>ne
the responsibility of keeping up bridges for the
city of Washington. Nor do I know why the
Committee on the District of Columbia have eon-
' fined themselves to the bridges on the Eastern
Branch, and say nothing; of that over the Poto-
mac river. I think, if it were left to the people
of Washington, they would say that the bridge
over the Potomac river is more important to them,
so tar as the question of supplies is concerned,
than the bridges over the Eastern i>aneh;but none
of them ought to be included in this bill. I hope
the Senate will vote dov, n ilns amendment.
Mr. PRATT. The question is whether the
Secretary of the Interior, whose official duty n is
to ascertain and report what are the essential
appropriations to be placed in this bill for the
District of Columbia, is a better judge than the
Senator from Virginia in reference to them. The
Secretary of the Interior has recommended in his
letter that this appropriation be placed in the de-
ficiency bill for tlie reason, of course, that it is
necessary, and because, if placed in the bill to
which the honorable Senator wishes to assign it,
the appropriation would come too late.
Now, with all deference to the judgment of my
friend from Virginia, I submit to the Senate that
the Secretary of the Interior (whose duty it is
to submit recommendations, and upon whose
recommendations, or on those of other heads of
Departments similarly situated, the Senator has
asked for all the appropriations reported by his
committee) is an officer whose judgment, in ref-
erence to the necessity of any appropriations for
such purposes as this, is to be taken rather than
the judgment of the Senator from Virginia, who
admits that he has never heard ofthe necessity of
the appropriation before, and he knows nothing
about it. He only opposes it because he knows
nothing about it.
Mr. WELLER. That is a very good reason.
Mr. PRATT. It may be; but we knew noth-
ing about the appropriations placed on the bill at
tlie instance of the Senator from Virginia; yet we
voted for them, because we knew that he and the
committee of which he was chairman had exam-
ined them, and because we knew that those ap-
propriations had been recommended by the proper
Departments of the Government, as has been
stated. Does not the Committee on the District
of Columbia, which has reported this amendment,
stand precisely m the same position as the com-
mittee of which the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia is the chairman ? Here is an appropriation
supported by recommendations similar to those
which he has offered; and there is no difference
between them, except that this comes from the
humble Committee on the District of Columbia,
and the appropriations for which he has asked,
amounting to very much more, come from a
higher committee—the Committee on Finance. If
there be any other earthly difference, in the opin-
ion of any Senator on this floor, between this
amendment coming from the committee of which
I am a member, and all of them, or any one of
those which have been adopted at the instance
of the Senator to-day, I ask him to state that dif-
ference. There is none.
If there be that distinction, let us abolish the
subordinate committees of the Senate. If they
are to be considered as subordinate—if nothing is
to pass except what my honorable friend knows
to be right, letnothmgbe introduced in the Senate
except what has been antecedently referred to the
committee of which he is the able head. Why
did you send to the Committee on the District of
Columbia recommendations to be examined into,
if, when we have asked the Senate to pass them,
the only objection offered is that the Senator from
Virginia does not understand them ? The only
objection to their being passed is, that he has not
made up his mind that an engineer has reported
on it, or that it is proper to be passed Now, I
submit to the Senate that, unless the other com-
mittees of this body are to be considered as en-
tirely subordinate to the committee of which he
is chairman, this appropriation should be passed,
because it is upon its face equally necessary, and
comes sanctioned by equal authority with any
which he has reported.
Mr. HUNTER. According to tlie doctrine of
the Senator from Maryland, wu have nothing to
do but to pass tlie estimates and recommendations
of the heads of the Departments as they are sent
to us; we are not allowed to discriminate; if we
do so, we are met with the objection that we are
setting up our judgment against that of the head
of a Department! Sir, do not our committees -5
discriminate? do they report blindly whatever is
recommended? I hope not. Docs it follow that
we can have no knowledge of these bridges over
which we travel so often except what is given to
us by the Secretary of the Interior? If he had
the information, why did he not present it? The
Senator from Maryland, himself, has altered the
appropriation. He first proposed §11,000; his
proposition now is to appropriate $5,000. There
is a great difference between the two propositions.
Mr. PRATT. Will the Senator allow me to
explain ?
