THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
Strike this thrice free Government from the polit-
ical firmament, and in vain you will search for a
star to guide the devotee of liberty to the goal of his
heart's desire. If the policy of admitting unlim-
ited immigration of foreigners is to be continued
with the present facilities of making citizens of
the paupers, criminals, agrarians, socialists, and
atheists, with their known principles and avowed
purpose of overturning our Government, and their
approaehability to the highest bidder, the worst
men will secure their votes, and thereby the elec-
tions. "Wickedness and corruption will rule the
land, and the country will mourn. All confidence
will be destroyed, and with it the last hope of
freedom crushed in the common wreck. If I nave
not overrated the danger, was I not right when I
said that this question rose above party ? I think
ao, at least. If a single Senator shall suffer party
considerations to influence his vote, then General
Lee will have proved a prophet, when he said that
. party spirit is the bane of free Governments. If
we fail now, with all the lights before us, to pass
such stringent laws as shall protect the country
against impending danger, the fears of Washing-
ton, Butler, and Randolph, will be realized even
in our day. If I know my own motives, I have
neither party advantages nor political hopes to
influence my action. I retire on the 4th of
March next. The party which elevated me to
the high position I now occupy has no existence
in my State or elsewhere. I therefore owe
allegiance to no party; my highest and only
political fealty is due to my country, her Consti-
tution and laws; my only political aesircs arc the
perpetuation of the Union upon the principles of
the original compact; the liberty and happiness
of all the States; and that our institutions may
be transmitted to our successors pure and uncon-
taminated as we received them; which can be
done, in my humble judgment, in no other way
than by retaining power in the hands of native-
born citizens.
When the facts I have adduced are presented
to the opponents of this measure, they tell us
again the remedy is not sufficient. We have no
power to prevent the admitted evil. We have
the power to open our doors wide to admit the
danger, but none to prohibit it. Potent for mis-
chief—powerless for good. Sir, that was not the
object of this Government. It was established
for protection, not destruction. Others may fold
their hands, and cry All is well! but seeing the
danger as I do, I shall continue to use my best
efforts to avert the evil; and call upon all who
agree with me for aid.
I have already, Mr. President, detained the
Senate too long. I have only adduced a tithe, of
the facts, testimony, and arguments, which might
have been adduced in support of the measure I
have brought before the Senate; yet I hope suffi-
cient to arouse public attention, and induce inves-
tigation. If I have succeeded even in this, I shall
oe content, feeling assured that, if the native-born
and adopted citizens of this country shall inves-
tigate the subject, free from party prejudices,
they will adopt this, or some other measure of
the kind to save the country from its impending
ruin.
Mr. JAMES. I ask leave to introduce certain
resolutions of the Legislature of Rhode Island.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
oefore the Senate must first be disposed of.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to know what
the Senator from Mississippi desires to do with
the bill? Does he expect to get a vote of the
Senate on it now, or at any time during the ses-
sion? I had supposed his main object was to
express his views on the subject. He lias suc-
ceeded in consuming two or three hours of the
day, and has presented his views very fully and
?CJ7iabl?; an(^ ^ should think he ought to be sat-
isfied. He certainly cannot expect that the Amer-
ican Senate will ever pass a bill of this character.
I do not know what disposition he desires to have
made of it; but if there were a full Senate I should
move its indefinite postponement, because there
are enough practical questions here to occupy our
attention without taking up a measure on which
no one anticipates favorable action. If the Sen-
ator has accomplished the object which he hnd in
view, and does not desire to have a vote of the
Senate, I shall move that the further considera-
tion of the bill be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. There may be some
other Senators who wish to express their views
on this bill. I do not know that I shall ask to be
heard on it; but at all events, 1 think it would
answer every purpose which the honorable Sen-
ator from California can desire, to postpone the
bill until to-morrow, and let it take its regular
position on the orders of the day, only to be
called up when the Senate agree to take it up.
I move that it be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. ADAMS. I made no motion to postpone
this bill for the reason that I understood the Sen-
ator from South Carolina [Mr. Evans] wished to
address the Senate at its next meeting on another
subject, and I proposed to leave it to him to move
the postponement of this bill, so that he could
obtain the floor on thatsubject. That will throw
this bill on the Calendar in its order. I do not
know, sir, why the Senator from California should
get up and inquire of me, after what I have said,
what disposition I expect to make of this meas-
ure. I cannot tell why he calls upon the country
to notice that I only wanted to make a speech
here. I admitted that I had no expectation of
the passage of this bill; and very little liope of
gettinga vote on it at this session except in regard
to one feature, unless I offer it as an amendment
to some other bill, which I feel inclined to do. If
it be postponed, and another bill be taken up, of
course it will go on the Calendar, and will never
be reached again, unless it be called up by a mo-
tion. I did wish to address the Senate on this
subject. The Senator refers to the time I have
consumed. Sir, I have consumed as little time
as any other man who has been in the Senate for
five years, and has ever spoken upon any sub-
ject. In speaking to-day, I have consumed time
which would not otherwise have been taken up
in the transaction of business. I have consumed
time when, as the Scnatorfrom California knows,
no business could be transacted.
Mr. WELLER. I made the remark to which
the Senator from Mississippi has referred for
this reason: I understood the Senator more than
a week ago to complain that the Senate had not
allowed him an opportunity of calling up this
j bill for the purpose of giving his views to the
country; nnd that lie felt it duo to himself and to
those with whom ho was politically associated,
that he should have an opportunity of presenting
his views. It was on account of the expression
of that opinion by the Senator, some two weeks
since I think, that I asked a few minutes ago
whether, having attained what I considered his
object, he was willing that his bill should now
sleep the sleep that knows no waking.
Mr. ADAMS. Never.
Mr. WELLER. If the Senator intends to
obtain a vote, as a matter of course it cannot be
done to-day, for the reason that we have a slim
Senate. I was not aware that there was any
Senator on this side of the Chamber who desired
to make any reply to the argument of the Senator
from Mississippi. We are willing to submit the
whole question just as he presents it. We think
there is intelligence enough in the country to
meet all the facts and arguments he ha3 adduced
during his two hours' speech. If he desires that
the debate shall be continued, and wishes to par-
1 ticipate in the discussion, I shall move that the
' further consideration of the bill be postponed for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of the resolutions of the Commonwealth of Mas-
| sachusctts. If I attain that object, I shall then
j move their postponement until Thursday next,
, so that the Senator from South Carolina may be
' heard. To avoid all difficulty, I move that the
further consideration of the present bill be post-
poned until to-morrow, for the purpose of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of those resolutions.
If I succeed in that, I shall ask for an executive
session,as itis important that somenominations#
should be confirmed previous to the sailing of the
next steamer for the Pacific.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion is on postponing the further consideration
of this bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to present a commu-
nication from Dr. Boyle, who feels that the
certificate given the other day by Dr. Lindsley,
in relation to the condition of Mr. Sumner, has
done him injustice; and as it is a part of the res
gestOR connected with the subject under discussion
at our last meeting, I ask that it may be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Washington City, June 14,185(5.
Dear Sir : The note read in the Senate Chamber by the
Hon. Mr. Wilson, of Massachusetts, from Dr. Lindsley,
renders it necessary in justice to myself that I should make
the following statement:
I was in attendance upon the Hon. Charles Sumner from
the 22d to the 28th of May, inclusive. On the 27th of May
I gave the principal part of my evidence before the House
committee of investigation, which has been published,
and on the 28th I received the following note from Mr.
George Sumner:
Sixth Street, Wednesday, p. m.
Dear Sir: Owing to the very critical situation of my
brother, Dr. Perry has consented to remain in Washington
to attend him.
In justice to you and to Dr. Perry, I must state that he
docs this at the request of myself and of many of my
brother's friends.
Be so good as to ssnd, Dr. Boyle, me your bill, and to
accept my thanks for the attention shown to my brother.
I am, dear sir, truly yours, GEORGE SUMNER.
On the morning of the 30th of May, in conversation with
Dr. Lindsley, he informed me that he had been called to see
Mr. Sumner. I inquired of his condition, and Dr. Lindsley
replied, "Not much the matter." I then asked how the
wounds looked, and the doctor replied, " I did not examine
them." On the same day I callcd to make a friendly visit
to Dr. Perry, who had done me full justice in his pub-
lished testimony, and was informed by the clerk at Wil-
lard's Hotel that Dr. Ferry had left the city at six o'clock
that morning, notwithstanding the " very critical" condition
of Senator Sumner, as represented by his brother, Mr.
George Sumner.
Since the note of Dr. Lindsley was read in the Senate
by the Hon. Mr. Wilson, I have callcd upon Dr. Miller, who
was consulting physician with Dr. Lindsley, and he has
kindly furnished the following reply to interrogatories which
I propounded to liim :
Washington City, June 14, 1856.
Dear Doctor: In reply to your inquiry as to the con-
dition of the Hon. Charles Sumner at the time 1 visited him,
I with pleasure furnish jou with the following statement:
On the 30th ultimo I visited Mr. Sumner at his rooms on
Sixth street, Dr. Harvey Lindsley (who was called the
pievious night) being in attendance. We examined the
case together. When wc entered the room, Mr. Sumner
was in bed; he got up, and sat m a chair, that we might
dress his wounds. Mr. Sumner was as cheerful as usual,
a little pale, and somewhat ieduced in flesh; attributable,
no doubt, to loss of blood and confinement. He said he had
passed a good night. He was free from fever; pulse seven-
ty-four ; complained of a little soreness of the scalp.
The wound on the left side of the head was healed ; that
on the right side had suppurated, and the pus being confined
had burrowed under the scalp for about half an inch each
way from the lips of the wound. We readily broke up the
adhcs-ion of the lips of the wound, and gave vent to the
pus. He was much relieved by this. The absorbent vessels
and a lew of the glands of the right side of the neck were
a little inflamed, and tender to the touch. We didnotdeem
anything necessary exccpt a rnild poultice, quiet for a ft)\v
days, and better diet.
Neither of us deemed Mr. Suinner in any danger.
Dr. Lindsley and myself visited Mr. Sumner, together,
the next nioining, at ten o'clock. He was doing so well
that a consulting surgeon was considered unnecessary. I
was therefore discontinued by Mr. George Sumner, with
the understanding, that if his brother should become more
unwell I should be again called.
Hearing nothing more of Mr. S., I presume his case pro-
giosbcd favorably.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
THOMAS MILLER.
Dr. Cornelius Boyle, Washington, District of Columbia*
I address this communication to you, with a view to jus-
tice to all concerned; and lor the further purpose of having
myself appear right on the record; and authorize you to
use it at jour discretion.
I have the honor to be, &c.,
CORNELIUS BOYLE.
Hon. A. P. Butler. ^
Mr. JAMES presented resolutions adopted by
the Legislature of Rhode Island,i' in reference to
recent occurrences in Congress and in Kansas,"
in which it is declared that the recent assault com-
mitted on the person of a Senator from Massa-
chusetts, on the floor of the Senate Chamber, by
a representative from South Carolina, is an out-
rage, the commission of which, in a civilized com-
munity, no provocation can justify, and the enor-
mity of which no excuse can palliate. They
claim for the people, that the authors and contri-
vers of an assault so brutal and so cowardly, shall
at once be expelled from the Congress of the
United States. The resolutions say that the as-
sault thus made, and the conduct of the political
friends of the offender who sought to prevent an
investigation into the offense, show a deliberate
attempt to stifle freedom of speech in the na-
tional councils. This outrage, in connection with
the acts of violence being perpetrated in Kansas,
admonish the Legislature of Rhode Island that a
determination exists, on the part of those now
wielding the power of the General Government,
to crush the advocates and upholders of freedom
in free territory by force, bloodshed, and civil
