1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
either section, at this time, when their passions
are excited to such a violent degree, are prepared
to surrender on this question whether Kansas
shall or shall not be a slave State. I have be-
lieved, and shall continue to believe, that if you
will give my countrymen time to reflect, let them
have an opportunity to reason, without pressing
this matter on them and forcing them to decide
now when their passions are excited,—when the
people of Kansas shall come to decide the question
to satisfy themselves, the country will settle down
in peace and quiet, and we shall never be involved
in danger in settling this issue.
I think that bill referred to by the Senator from
Louisiana, which was sent to the House of Rep-
resentatives, was well defeated there. I do not
care how it was defeated—by refusing to act on
it or otherwise. It was well done to defeat it.
In vain does the honorable gentleman from Louis-
iana tell me there was included in that bill, con-
taming other provisions dangerous to the country,
a clause repealing some of those Kansas acts.
Sir, what we want, and what I desire, above
all things, is to try that House, and see if they
will refuse to venture to pass this Army bill when
we pass a bill simply repealing the oppressive
laws in Kansas. Try that House with the prop-
osition, " pure and simple," to repeal these abom-
inable laws. I do not care whether you put it in
an appropriation, or a separate bill. The latter
was the proposition of the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia. I do not stand here at all to vindicate the
amendmentproposed by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. He must defend that himself. What
I mean tosay is, that we should have been allowed
to vote upon the question first whether that
amendment should or should not be adopted.
We could have voted that down, and then tried
the repealing bill. But no, sir! The honorable
Senator from Louisiana, with his associate?, chuse
to lay the whole bill on the table, and thus deprive
us of the possible chance of passing a measure,
to contend, as I distinctly understood him to say,
that Congress has not the power to repeal any
of the acts of that Territorial Legislature? Sir,
the language of the organic act, like that of
most other organic territorial acts, as 1 find, is,
that Congress gives to the Territorial Legislature
of Kansas jurisdiction overall " rightful subjects
of legislation "—none other. 1 astced this morn-
ing whether any man here contended that such
acts as I have denounced on this floor were
rightful acts for that Legislature? Take a man,
because he gives an opinion on a question of
law, and happens to be in the wrong, whether
slavery does lawfully exist_or not in Kansas,
and chain him with an iron ball on his leg to
work in a chain-gang, and make him labor on
the public road at hard labor for not less than
I two years, and just as many more as the judge
i may choose to direct! Who can defend such a
i monstrous outrage? No man has yet undertaken
| to stand up here and defend that other outrage,
i of declaring that, before a man should vote, he
j should swear to support the fugitive slave law.
I The Senator from Louisiana and myself would
i have no objection to swearing to support the
\ fugitive slave law; but who does not know
I that it would drive away from the^polls the great
j mass of those persons who comelirom the north-
I ern States? Unquestionably it was an act dis-
franchising a laige portion of the people of the
Territory.
Sir, the honorable Senator takes mc to task for
taunting, as he calls it, the Senate this morning,
on account of the difference between the vote
which they gave the other day and the vote they
gave this morning. On one bill, precisely like the
other, they voted to adhere; and on the bill to-
day they refused to adhere, but voted to insist,
and asked for a committee of conference. There
was no taunting about it, except the statement of
the fact; and if the fact contains a taunt, it is not
I that am to blame; it is their own course. I
which I say ought to go to the House of Repre- i| stated the simple truth, and he does not deny it.
senratives, containing nothing but the mere repeal j' 1 think they committed an error the other day,
of those tyrannical Kansas acts. After we had j! and that our opportunity of settling this question
done that act of justice, then I wished to see j. would have been a great deal better if that vote
whether the "other House would venture to say I, to adhere then had never been taken. fK°
But the
gentleman from Louisiana undertakes to justify
that vote on this ground: he says there was this
bill in the other House which fell while the yeas
and nays were being called there, at the adjourn-
ment of the last session; and therefore we might
adhere on this bill, without intending at all to
adhere on that.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator from Del-
aware, as this is a matter which affects me some-
what, allow me to explain the difference? When
I moved to adhere 011 the other bill, I stated that
that would not put an end to the question; for
the House had not only this bill on its table, but
could act on a bill to be reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. In regard to this
people 01 ji.ansas, uui uy uiepeupie m imrauiui. question, it is very diffeient, I said this morning,
X am not about to discuss that, because I know the only means which a majority would have to
• ■ • ' reach the question m the House would be through
this bill, and I therefore proposed a different
course. The reason for moving to adhere on the
other occasion was to show that on one point the
Senate had made up its mind—that it would not
agree to legislation in regard to Kansas upon the
appropriation bills. I said then that I should be
willing to yield on any mere question of courtesy
or expediency; I was standing 011 no mere eti-
j; queue; I would bo willing to yield to the wishes
!j of my friends. The eases fire different. There
l! were reasons for adhering then which do not
)! exist now.
n Mr. CLAYTON. I see no difference,. We
i! dflhered then—to what ? The very proposition
'j to which we have now refused to adhere. Why
not insist on that bill, just as well as on this, and
of conference? Wc have
odpii;^",; S.. "imqulile. by r.pol.n5 ■> « j',  .lv .Lhytd
'f i ^xrttwss: vsM#
tells me Congress cannot repeal any law Out laws ;j vi.iy i_ •
of Congress. That is, indeed, an extraordinary
that the Army bill should not pass; that the Army
should not be provided to keep the peace in Kan-
sas, and enforce those laws which are really for
the good of the people in that Territory.
Jlr. Cla vt<j\' here went into an argument to
show that he had contended, in a former debate,
that, even granting the laws of Kansas were en-
acted by a usurpation of the legislative power, by
men not lawfully elected, the just laws of the
Territory should remain, and the others only re-
pealed. He then continued:
I have conceded to the gentlemen of the Free-
Soil side of the question, for the sake of the argu-
ment, what they contend for. They say this Le-
gislature was a Legislature not elected by the
people of Kansas, but by the people of Missouri.
I am not about to discuss that, because I know
not how the facts are, never having read the tes-
timony. But admit their position: then, does
it follow, as they contend, that the whole of those
laws should be treated as null and void, merely
because there was a usurping Legislature there?
I differ 011 that point toto cceto from these gentle-
men. But while 1 thus undertake to maintain
against them, and have done it on the floor
before, that those laws which are good and neces-
sary for the public (and there are a great many
excellent laws in that volume) arc not to be re-
pealed, or treated as null and void, merely because
there was a usurping Legislature there; I will
not, on the other hand, ever degrade myself by
standing for an instant by those abominable and
infamous laws which I denounced here this mora-
ine. What 1 desire now is, that the Senate of
the United States shall wash its hands of all par- |i appoint a committee
unmu isuue^ , 1^ delayed the appointment of a committee of con-
doctrine, comin0   .
honorable gentleman. I :un astonished at it.
i cannot repeal an act passed
imry <1 Senator does not satisfy me. It is perfectly clear
from so eminent a lawyer as the !| that, if what we have done to-day was right, what
J JSS >
and rightfully elected: does the gentleman mean
we did that dav was wrong.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana ad-
thP Senate with all his accustomed t
proviso of the
 - - * w,vs vevy
ratified to hear much that hg said on that sub-
' in-
ject; but the honorable Senator took up the pro-
viso which was first sent to the Senate, which
contained a clause, among other things, disarming
the militia in Kansas and the people there: ana
with much fervor, with much patriotic effort, de-
nounced the House of Representatives for having
made so unconstitutional a proposition to us. It
was indeed an unconstitutional proposition. He
denounced them for having proposed to disarm
the people of the Territory, when the Constitution
gives the people the privilege and right of bearing
arms. That was my opinion formerly, and it is
now my opinion; but I am very happy to find the
Senator from Louisiana agrees with me. Sir,
the honorable Senator reminded me of the Latin
adage, " datveniamcorvis, vexat censuracolumbas;"
and was he not aware that while he was dealing
his blows on the crows, he was also striking down
the doves? The honorable Senator could cer-
tainly not have been present at the time when
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fessenden]
made a motion to strike that very clause, which
he denounced so eloquently, out of the proviso.
The yeas and nays were called upon it; and all
the Senators whom he has this day been engaged
in so eloquently defending, voted for the very
measure which the honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana has denounced. I ask the Secretary to
read the list of yeas and nays on Mr. Fessen-
den's motion on this matter of disarming the
militia and people of Kansas.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator is right in
supposing that I was not present when any such
vote was given; but he is wrong—1 take it upon
myself now to say, without knowing anything
about it, he is utterly wrong in supposing that ^
those gentlemen who were acting with me were
in favor of retaining that clause m the bill.
may have voted agdinststriking that out by itself,
because they wished to strike out the whole pro-
viso together.
Mr. PUGH. I will tell the Senator from Louis-
iana 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will stake my defense in
that position.
Mr. PUGH. Allow me to say a word. I did
not vote on that motion, I think; but the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Maine was to strike out
those words and mseit others.
Mr. CLAYTON. The Secretary will read it
before we go any further. Let us have the facts
exactly. I remember them.
The Secretary read the following extract from
the Senate Journal of Thursday, August 7:
" On motion by Mr. Fessenden, to strike out the follow-
ill® woid-in hne.s 132, 133, 134, to wit:
" Dlsuim the pte&ent oiganizcd mtlma of the Terntory
of Kan-as, to recall all the United States arms therein dia«
tnbuted;
u And to inseit the following wotds in lieu thereof:
" Recall ail the (Jmted Stales arms heretofore di-tiibuted
to the itnhua ami people in the Territoty of Kansas ;
" it was determined in the negative—yeas \% nay* 33.
" On motion by Mi. Fcsskndkn, the yea-and nays, being
desired by one fifth of the Senator* present,
" Tho-e who voted m the aftiunative, ;ne : Messrs Bel],
of New Ilampshue, Bril,ol Teime-^ee, Clayton, Collamer,
Dmkre, Fe^-enden, Foot, Foster, Ilaiian, Seward, Trum-
bull, Wade, arid YViKon.
" Tho-e who vou d in the negative, are: Mo«r<<. Allen,
Bavaid, Bi«<^, Bn ht, Brodhead, Brown. Butler, Clay,
Douglas, Fitzpatriek, Oyer, Iluntei. Iver.-Ofi, Jones of
Iowa, Jotter ot Terine-ee, MallOiV, TVla-on, Peaiee, Pratt,
Reul, Sebastian, Slide!!, Stuart, Thoinp-on ot Kenlucky,
Thomson of New Jewy, Weliei, Wright, and Yulee."
Mr, CLAYTON". There stands the vote.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator will perceive
I was not present, and did not vote. Now, J ask
5 the Senator if, by his present remarks, he means
! really to insinuate that a majority of the Senate
| were in favor of keeping that provision in the
' biH? , M, !
I Mr. CLAYTON. If the gentleman will have
| the goodness to take his seat, and hear what I
I say, he will understand, not what I merely msin-
! uat'\ but what I mean to asseit. The first thing
1 I want to know is tins: The gentleman was not
here; if he were here, would he have voted for
that motion with his friends ? _
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would have voted with
i my friends against every proposition to amend
I that clause of the House proviso, intending to
■ reject it m toto*
i Mr. CLAYTON. Now we understand the
! gentleman; and I will take him on hi? own ground,
! that he and others intended to refuse to amend
|| this proposition as it came from the House,
Hand to make it a« objectionable as possible by
