48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27.
retaining a clause of it palpably unconstitutional.
Does the honorable Senator hold it to be right and !
proper to refuse to amend an objectionable prop-
osition merely with the hope, by keeping it ;\s
bad as possible, that he may defeat the whole of
it—to risk the chance of the passage of the whole
proviso, when he could strike out what was man-
ifestly, as he denounced it, an unconstitutional
proposition ? If that be the course of tactics of
the honorable Senator, I can tell him, as one of
the old members of the Senate, he will be often'
involved in difficulties from which it will be very
difficult for him to extricate himself. He may
sometimes find, if he refuses to vote to strike out
an extraordinarily bad proposition of this sort
from a bill, that he will fail in striking out the
whole of that which he seeks to strike out. The
course which I choose to adopt, and which 1
have always heard recommended by those whose
parliamentary morality was unquestioned, is to
endeavor to make every proposition as good as I
can, and then, if it does not suit me, I will vote
against it; if it does, I will vote for it. The hon-
orable gentleman knows that the proviso did not
suit me: I voted in favor of the motion to strike
out this unconstitutional proposition, but I voted
against the proviso at last. Whatever grounds
gentlemen may assign for the vote that others
gave, the inference the country will make, on
reading that vote in years to come, will be, that
those who voted against striking out the propo-
sition did not consider it to be unconstitutional.
That will be the construction which men will put
upon it in after ages; and it is in vain to under-
take to say now what was meant by the vote.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope my friend will allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. CLAYTON. With pleasure.
Mr. BUTLER. I voted, not on the ground
that it was constitutional, but that the substi-
tution of the words proposed to be inserted made
the clause no better in intent and purpose; and
I did not choose to accommodate myself, with a !
facility that some gentlemen can, to the notions
that prevail for the time being. I would let it
tstand, with all its hideous deformity. It would
not have been made any better by the movement
of the gentleman whose motion the Senator from
Delaware now approves.
Mr. CLAYTON. It seems, then, the Senator
from Louisiana had no right to speak for others.
I leave it to all men, without discussion, to say
whether the proposition was or was not much
less exceptionable with the amendment to it pro-
posed by the member from Maine, than as it
stood when it came from the House.
Mr. BUTLER. I say it is just as bad one way
as the other.
Mr. CLAYTON. The House, convinced itself
of its error, struck out the words when another
bill came before them, and sent us a proposition,
leaving that clause, which denied the right of the
people to bear arms, entirely out. I do not seek
to attack others for their votes, but to defend my-
self for mine; and knowing that I have done
that, I leave this subject.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana sup-
poses, or did, m the course of his argument, sup-
pose, that I had intended to censure the Senate
for its past conduct in regard to striking out this
proviso. It was impossible that any man should
nave understood me so. What I said distinctly
was, that if the Senate refused to repeal these
odious laws of Kansas, so far as it has the power
of repealing them, it does take its full share of
the responsibility of the loss of the Army bill.
I maintain it again. The Senator reasons against
the course of the House. Very well; nothing
that I have said will go m contravention of what
the gentleman contended for on that part of the
subject. I have not stood heie as the apologist
or defender of the House. I have voted to con-
demn the action of the House for sending this
proviso here constantly; butl say that it has been
m your power, and is even yet, to tender the olive
branch to the House, and you ought to do it.
They contend that these infamous and odious
laws in Kansas should be repealed—and they are
right in contending for it. If they mean to ex-
tend their provision to all the laws of Kansas, I
differ with them entirely, as I have already stated.
Thus far I concur with them. Thus far I wish
the Senate to go to repeal what you all admit are
odious, unjust, and tyrannical laws. "When you
have done that, if the House then still insist on
the proviso, and say the Army shall not be called
out for the purpose both of protecting the people
of Kansas, and defending the other beneficial and
salutary measures of legislation there, the whole
odium of the defeat of this Army bill will rest
properly with the House; but while you perse-
vere in refusing to pass a bill such as that pro-
posed by the Senator from California, or any
measure to repeal those unjust and abominable
laws, never tell me that the country will not hold
you responsible, as well as the other House, for
the defeat of this bill, and justly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will say to the gentleman
from Delaware, in all sincerity, that if he will
just bring forward the bill of the Senator from
California, and protect it from amendment or de-
bate by those in whose behalf he is now address-
ing the Senate, so that we can pass that bill clean
and clear without trouble, I will vote for it with
pleasure, and I have no doubt all my friends will
too.
Mr. CLAYTON. Then I am with you and
your friends thoroughly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Frotect it from amendment
and debate, and we will vote for it.
Mr. CLAYTON. Do that, and you will place
yourselves in .jjj^e position of patriots. But, sir,
I have not seen the evidence of unanimity on that
subject.
Air. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will pro-
pose that bill now, and protect it from debate and
amendment 
Mr. CLAYTON. I cannot do that. The hon-
orable Senator knows very well, that if one of
these Free-Soil gentlemen, who are generally very
long-winded, [laughter !J chooses to get up here
and speak an hour or two, I cannot stop him; all
the rest of us cannot stop him! [Laughter']
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 think their gratitude to
the gentleman from Delaware, on this occasion,
will induce them to yield to him.
Mr. CLAYTON. Thoy thank me at this mo-
ment far less for seeking to put their opponents
in the Senate right, than they do him for striving
to keep them in the wrong'. But I will agree to
this. My friend from Louisiana shall put a com-
plete stopper on me. He may gag me. I will
not say a word except " ay" to the passage of
the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will su^ to my friend
from Delaware, that I and my friends will say
nothing but " ay" to the passage of the bill.
Mr. MASON rose.
Mr. CLAYTON. I see some signs of disaf-
fection already!
Mr. MASON. For one, I should certainly say
" no" to any such bill.
Mr. CLAYTON. I am afraid there are divers
others of those for whom the Senator from Lou-
isianahas vouched, who will sayk< no." [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WILSON. Allow me to say a single
word.
Mr. CLAYTON. Go on.
Mr. WILSON. As the blame has been placed
on me in this matter of offering an amendment,
not to strike out any portion of that bill, but
simply to add a couple of sections, which the
majority could easily have voted down, I wish
simply to say that the motion to lie on the table
was made even before I submitted the amendment.
Mr. CLAYTON. That statement, if correct,
scemsto show very plainly how the matter stands.
Mr. WELLER. I do not think that is true in
point of fact. The Senator from Massachusetts
offered his amendment to have it printed, and I
never heard any withdrawal of the amendment
on the part of the Senator from Massachusetts*
The bill and amendment proposed by the Senator
were laid on the table this morning. That was
as much a pending amendment as the bill was a
pending bill. *
Mr. WILSON. When the bill was first sub-
mitted by the Senator from California, a motion
was made to lay it on the table, and it was with-
drawn at the earnest solicitation of the Senator
from California, and others; and afterwards I
moved my amendment.
Mr. MASON. I think, according to my recol-
lection, the Senator from Massachusetts is right.
I did move to lay the bill on the table before he
offered his amendment.
Several Senators. You withdrew it.
Mr. MASON. I withdrew itin order to enable
some gentleman to speak
Mr. CLAYTON. My friend from Louisiana
will now perceive that he could not redeem his
pledge to me. We could not pass this repealing
bill, even with his powerful aid; nevertheless,
with the assurance he has given, I think I will
venture to try it, and see if we cannot get a ma-
jority of the Senate to repeal these odious laws;
and then, when we have done that—when we
have tendered that olive-branch to the House of
Representatives—let them, if they dare, defeat it.
Now, how stand they ? They say to the coun-
try, "We are unwilling that the Army of the
United States shall carry into execution these
odious and infamous laws.'5 The people of the
country hear that, and say, " They are outrage-
ous, and we do not want the forces of the United
States to execute any such laws." Take out
those laws; destroy them; leave none but the good
and beneficial laws in Kansas, and those gentle-
men dare not take the responsibility of defeating
the Army bill. Under the circumstances, that is
the .true position of the Senate. It is the very
position to which I have long and anxiously, but
ineffectively, desired to bring the Senate.
Two months ago, I had the honor to offer a
bill here, the first which touched this subject,
proposing to repeal those laws. That proposi-
tion was followed by another of a similar import,
from the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Geyer;]
that by another from the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs;] and, finally, by another embrac-
ing some provisions of all three of those, which
was reported by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] as chairman of the Committee on Ter-
ritories. That is the highly objectionable bill
which you passed and sent to the House, and
which has been a subject of comment to-day.
Place us right before the country now, as I pro-
posed to do at first, and enable us to say to all
the conservative, good men in the North, all the
reasoning, patriotic men there: "We have done
all we ought—wo have done justice; we have
sought to oppress nobody; we have not main-
tained injustice and inequality in this Territory;
we offered the House of Representatives the
olive branch,and they refused it." Then 1 shall
be very willing to go before the people; but not
in the condition in which things are now. No,
sir—not at all. I wash my hands of all the con-
sequences of what I perceive is the determination
of the majority of this Senate, to risk all upon a
vote of the people on enforcing these unjust laws
Mr. President, one proposition was laid down
by the Senator from Louisiana, to which I lis-
tened with astonishment; and that was, that we
could not repeal any laws of Kansas, and no laws
but our own. Indeed, the gentleman added, that
the judiciary, when a law is unconstitutional, is
the only body which should take cognizance of
the matter. I cannot agree to any such doctrines
as these. I have tdken an oath here to support
the Constitution of the United States; and if I find
a law unconstitutional, how do I support the Con-
stitution of the United States unless I repeal it, if
I can? I am bound to repeal it. Wait, you say,
until the courts decide. It is a new doctrine to
me, and utterly untenable. I denounce it. I say
that it is the duty of the legislative body always
to repeal an unconstitutional law, and that duty
is enfoieed by the oath of office of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, for they have sworn
to support the Constitution of the United States.
Here are measures which the honorable gentle-
man said should go before the judiciary. Not
at all. We want the swift redress of an imme-
diate legislative act, to prevent the outrage and
wrong that may be inflicted by these iniquitous
enactments. He,on the contrary, holds that we
must needs wait until the Supreme Court shall
come here next winter; or probably the question
could not be tried till the winter after that, when
a man may have toiled two years at hard labor
for giving an opinion on a question of law.
I say to the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
thatl will fulfill my pledge to bringforward such a
bill as he has suggested, if he desires it; but where
is his consistency when lie tells me m one breath
that we cannot repeal these laws, and in the next
hour, when pressed by the argument, admits that
they can be repealed, and that he is willing to
repeal them now? Nay, where is his consistency
when we know he did vote with his friends to
