090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.March 19,
have not the power already, to tax themselves to
keep up those bridges, 'wfiich admittedly arc for
their convenience and benefit. This aclmission
wolild induce me, without any other reason, to
vote against the appropriation.
While I have attempted to say a word in de-
fense of the course pursued by the chairman of .
the Committee on Finance, I must remark that,
in my judgment, the appropriation for the water-
works, which he has allowed to be inserted in the
bill, is as objectionable as any other which has
been proposed. Nearly all the difficulties which
we liad in passing the deficiency bill at the last
Congress, if I recollect aright, grew out of that
provision. All the difficulty that we shall have
now, if we have any contest with the other House,
will grow out of the fact, that appropriations for
the water-works are forced on every occasion
when they can be inserted in a deficiency or any
other bill. I have voted against propositions of
that nature, and I shall vote against the passage of
any bill containing them.
Mr. BAYARD. I rise merely to read an
extract from the annual report of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings to the Secretary of the
Interior, which I think gives a sufficient reason
why this appropriation should be made, and
made at the present time. I have already stated
the reason why this recommendation did not
come before the committee of which I am chair-
man. It was owing to a mistake in the trans-
mission of the list of recommendations. The
amendment has now come from the Committee
on the District of Columbia. The language of
the Commissioner is:
<{ The bridges across the Potomne and its eastern branch
are in a veiy bad condition, and stand in need of extensive
lepiurs to render them hate. The cap* and stimgei-, art:
much decaved, and lequno ineo-sant vigilance to gunid
against serious accident. The iiooimg is soon worn out,
and hence there is a frequent necessity for replacing it;
$11,000 will not be more than neccs«aiy to render ihein
safe.'*
I am bound to presume that yon place reason-
able confidence in the statement of facts made by
your officers who have the superintendence of the
works with which they are charged. In this
case, it appears, from the report of the proper
officer, that there is an immediate necessity for
this appropriation. He says—what we all know
-—that wooden bridges will constantly decay; and
ho shows conclusively that these structures are
in an unsafe condition, and will be liable to result
in injury, unless you appropriate a sum of motley
to keep them m repaii. My honorable friend
from Maryland has stated the reasoif why the
appropriation recommended by the Secretary has ;
been reduced. It is because one of the bridges |
mentioned by him is not included in the amend- j
ment.
I think it is very proper to insert this amend-
ment in the deficiency bill. 1 presume honor-
able Senators who oppose it would regret \ny
much if, in consequence of the want of an appro-
priation for tin: repair of these bridges, an acci-
dent should occur, causing tin- loss of life, Tho
Government owns the bridges, and has assumed
the duty of repairing them. l#think, then, it is
incumbent on us to piovide for repairing them,
at such time and in such manner as will promote
the safety of those who pass over them.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Adams] has supposed that
there is a great defect m the request for the pits-
sage of this appropriation, because the Secretary
of the Inteiior has not stated what obligation
rests on the Government of the United Stales to
keep these bridges in repair. Now, T apprehend
that the reason why ihe Secretary has not argued
that point in his report is, because he presumed
tho members of the Senate were cognizant of the
existing law, and were aware of the obligation
which the Congress of tho United States had
taken on themselves years ago, and to carry out
which they had made annual appropriations for
a long time past. I presume he supposed every
Senator was aware of these facta, without his re-
iterating in his report that this was in conse-
fiuence of a law passed in such a year.
I will give the history of this matter, and refer
it to the judgment of my friend from Mississippi:
Many years ago these bridges were built by pri-
vate corporations, and tolls were paid on them.
Some time agq—withm the memory of my friend
from Virginia-.-they were bought by the 'Federal
Government. They were taken out of private
hands, and became the property of the United
States, the Government assuming by the purchase
to keep up this highway between the different
parts of the District, and which also serves to con-
nectthe District with Maryland. Thisis the,origin
of the obligations imposed upon the Government;
and 1 apprehend that, on this statement, the
reasoning of my friend from Mississippi must fail.
Mr. ADAMS. The same argument would
apply to the Long Bridge connecting the District
with Virginia. With all due respect to my friend
from Maryland, I must say that I still remain
unsatisfied of the obligation resting on the Gov-
ernment to repair these bridges. Be.cause the
Government thought proper to purchase them
for the convenience of the citizens of Maryland
and of the District of Columbia, I do not see that
it brought upon itself the obligation of continuing,
in all time to come, to keep them up. I am now
better satisfied as to my position than I was be-
fore.
The question being taken on the amendment,
there were, on a division—ayes 15, noes 10, no
quorum voting.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, March 19, 185G.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. HiuWRr C. Dean".
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LAND DISTRICTS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. THORINGTON, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill to explain the act
approved the l^th of April, 1854, entitled "An
act to establish additional land districts in the
Territory of Minnesota;" which was read a first
and second time, icferred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Rills, reported as correctly enrolled a bill of the
following title; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act to define the jurisdiction of the district
and circuit courts of the United States for the
district of East Tennessee.
KANSAS ELECTION.
The House then proceeded to the regular order
of business, being the consideration of the reso-
lution reported by the Committee of Elections in
reference to the Ransas contested election.
Mr. BOWIE (who was entitled to the floor)
addressed the House m opposition to the resolu-
tion for one hour. His speech is withheld for
revision, at his request, and will be published in
the Appendix.
Mr. WASHRURN, of Maine. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 ask the gentleman from
Maine to withdraw the demand tor ten minutes.
Mr. WAS1IBU UN. I should be very glad to
accommodate my fi iend from Virginia, but it was
the unanimous understanding of the House yes-
terday that the previous question should be called
to-day at one o'clock.
Mr. McMfJLLLY. I desire to submit a few
remarks which will not consume more than ten
minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN. With the understanding
had yesterday 1 do not feel at liberty to withdraw
the demand, though I am very sorry I cannot do
it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will renew the demand.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 ask the gentleman from
Maine to withdraw the demand for me for a few
moments.
Mr. WASHBURN. I see that I shall be obliged
to withdraw for one if I do for another, and that
I shjU be called upon from all sides of the House;
and for that reason I decline to yield to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, or to any one.
Mr. BOYCE. I would suggest that whoever
desiies to speak upon this question shall have the
privilege, by unanimous consent, of printing las
remarks.
[Cries of "Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
Mr, McMULLIN, I move to lay the whole
subject upon the table; and upon that I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. McGtUEEN. I call for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Mr. McMULLIN. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays for the present.
The SPEAKER. The question then recurs
upon the motion to lay the whole subject upon
the table.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am appealed to on all
sides of the House to withdraw the motion to lay
upon the table, and I do so.
The previous question was then seconded; and
the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. HICKMAN, availing himself of the priv-
ilege accorded him by the rules, as the member
of the Committee of Elections who reported the
resolution, addressed the House for an hour. He
has withheld his speech for revision. It will be
printed in the Appendix.
The SPEAKER. The first question before the
House is upon the motion of the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Bennett,] to recommit the res-
olution reported by the Committee of Elections,
with the following instructions:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections, in examining
and judging of the elections, return?, and qualifications'*
of persons claiming to have been elected Representatives of
States, or Delegates of Teriitoiies which lwive been duly
organized by CongigMS, shall exclude from their considera-
tion the claims ot all peisons who fail to show that the elec-
tion under which they claim to have been elected a Repre-
sentative or Delegate was held m puisuance of the laws of
the State or Territory sought to be tepresemcd by such
claimantor claimants,or was elected in puisuance of a law
of the United .States lor the government of such election.
Resolved further, Tluvt m the opinion of this House no
Representative of a tftate of the Union, and no Delegate of
a Tenitoiy otgamzed by Congress, can lightfully be admit-
ted to a seat in this House except in pursuance of law.
Resolved further, That the Committee of Elections ate
lieieby mstiucted to puuue their investigations in accord-
ance with the foiegomg piniciples.
Mr. DUNN. Is it in order to move that the
motion to recommit, as a preliminary question,
be laid upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
The question was taken; and the motion to
recommit was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Dustn*,] as an amendment to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Bennhtt.] The Committee of Elections
report the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee ot Elections, in the con-
tested-election CcTsu I'lom the Temtory ot Kansas, be, and
arc hereby, ompowcied to send for persons and papers, arid
to examine witnesses upon oath or alinmation.
The gentleman from Mississippi proposes to
amend by substituting the following:
Resolved, That Joseph H. Bradley and Sidney S. Baxter,
E-qs., of Hie city of Washington, be, and they aie hereb>,
appointed eonmu-sioners J or and on behalt Ot this House,
to take depositions and obtain pioce>s by taking copies ot
all Mich document-* as maybe desired byenliei p.uty, or
their agents or attorneys, in logard to the come-ited sear of
Hon. INIr. VVluttkId,as Delegate for Kansas undei the peti-
tion of lion. Mr. Reeder; that said JJradlev and 13a.\ter be,
ami they aie heiebj, ehnhed with lull powei to adopt all
needlul means to elicit eleai and lull psoof upon a!l point?
winch the panics ie- peeavdy may submit to them as facta
ttiev, or euncr ot them, desire to e^abhsh oi eontioveit;
that thev shall l'ivo to the paitww le^pectively written and
ic.wmable notice of the tunc and place at which tiley will
boieaily to pioceed m taking  ueh depositions, and may
(id)ouiu the same to utlu-i times and places a^-, m their judg-
ment and discretion, will tend to the full and pertect elicit-
ing oi the truth touching all such eontroveited matteis; and
that, when they shall have completed their labors, they
lt-port the same to tins House
The gentleman from Indiana proposes to amend
the amendment by striking out all after the words,
" Resolved, That," and inserting as follows:
A committee of three of the members of this Iiouse. to
be appointed by the Speakei, shall proceed to inquire into,
and collect evidence in regai d to the tioubles m Kansas gen-
eiallv, and paitieulailv m rcizard to any fraud or force at-
tempted or piacnced in leleience to any ot the elections
winch have taken place in vaid Territory, either under the
law organizing raid Temtory, or under any pietended law
which may be aliened to have; taken effect therein since.
That they shall mil/ investigate and take proof of all vio-
lent and tumultuous proceedings m said Temtory, at any
time f-ineo the pasture of the Kun-as-Nebru-'-kaaet, whether
engaged m by lesidenls of said Territory, or by anv pei&oii
oi poisons (torn elsewhere going into said Terntory, and
dom2, or encouiagmg others to do, any act ofwofenee or
public distmbanee again-1 the laws of the United States, or
the lights, peace, and safety of the resident* of said Tcr-
ritoiy : and for that purpose said committee shall have full
power to send lor, and examine and take copies of all such
papers, public records and proceedings as in their judgment
wul be u-cful in the premises; and, also, to send for per-
sons, and examine them on oath, or affirmation, a.-* to mat-
ters within their knowledge, touching the matters of said
