690
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June.28,
IJ4th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas and Slavery—Mr. Morrill.
Ho. of Reps.
of granting this request at once, and without
delay. .... .
The first question that arises m relation to the
admission rtf Kansas is, does she present a repub-
lican form of government, for that we are bound
to o-uaranty. Taking o r own Constitution as
a model, in what particular is the Topeka consti-
tution deficient? What State, at the beginning,
can point to anything relatively better? In my
poor judgment, it will bear any scrutiny;and gen-
tlemen will do well to examine and to pause ere
tliey resist or disown it.
The bill of rights is full and ample. Trial by
jury, the writ of habeas corpus, freedom of speech
and of the press, freedom from slavery or invol-
untary servitude except for crime, are all secured.
The powers of government are all properly dis-
tributed and separated. The elective franchise
is carefully guarded. Education is provided for.
Religious freedom is secured, and sound morality
is not exposed to outrage.
It can hardly be presumed, that any one here
will object to the Kansas constitution on the.
ground that it lacks anything of republicanism.
Madison himself, with all the benefits he has
acquired in another life, would hail it as the gen-
uine offspring of republicanism. My only fear
is, that tne real objection will be, under what-
soever pretexts disguised, that there is "some-
thing too much of this"—that it is the republican-
ism of the " early gods" of our country—the
great giants, and therefore to be repudiated and
sneered at by the later and lesser giants.
The next question that naturally sugsests itself
is, whether the population is sufficient in force
and intelligence to allow them to assume the toga
viriiis of States. That numbers sufficient to secure
strength, wealth, and solidity, and to represent
the varied wants of civilization, should be re-
quired, is readily conceded. But that large num-
bers have any preeminent advantages over more
moderate numbers, is not demonstrated by any
' facts in our history. It would be difficult to show
wherein Connecticut is not as well governed as
New York; or wherein the legislative, judicial,
and executive character of Delaware is inferior to
that of Virginia, or other more populous States.
Even our little town democracies will hardly suf-
fer in any fair comparison with their aristocratic
neighbors—the more populous cities; and exam-
ples of gross misgovernment, I fear, occur quite
as often in the latter as the former.
There is no fixed amount of population de-
manded by the Constitution, usage, or by sound
policy, for the admission of new States. Con-
gress has the whole jurisdiction over the matter,
and must take into consideration the circum-
stances, and decide each case on its merits. Seven
States have been admitted with a white popula-
tion less, or not more, than it may be fairly sup-
posed is now in Kansas, and none have failed,
faltered, or complained. There is no reason to
suppose our people have degenerated, or that they
are to-day less capable of self-government than
they were twenty, thirty, or sixty years ago.
Fifty thousand people in Kansas have a right to
be reckoned equal to that number in Arkansas or
Florida, in any stage of their history. No one
indulges a suspicion that the people of Kansas
are wanting in intelligence, and their acts encour-
age noattacks of that nature. Nor is it pretended
that this young and hardy people are unable to
support themselves and their own rulers, unless
the brigands of the United States marshal, and
the mob of the bosus sheriff, have eaten up and
destroyed their substance. We have no reason
to suppose that the people of Kansas overrate
their resources or ability to carry on a State
fovernment—a compliment not due to General
'ierce—and such a change will be more economi-
cal for us, and far more satisfactory to them.
There is not a doubt that the inhabitants of Kan-
sas would hail with acclamation the passage of
an act which would breathe life into their State
constitution, and grant them admission into the
Union; and as little doubt that they would sustain
their position with safety and honor to themselves
and us.
The right of Kansas to admission into the
Union, by virtue of the treaty of cession with
France, is clear; and, if there were no such stip-
ulation, our own Constitution, and invariable
usage, has become the paramount law, and points
out no other course. But in this case inhabitants
were invited, emigrants were incited, to go to Kan-
sas, by a special law, to "form and regulate their
institutions in their own way." Their work was
to be a finality; and that work is before us. Con-
gress may have been very unwise—following the
leadership of a rforthern man inflamed with pres-
idential ambition—to have passed an act of this
sort; I think it was; but the fact stands out on the
[ statute book, and all who voted for, as well as al|
, who sustain the act, are bound in honor to ac-
cept its consequences. Congress placed itself on
the fence; in a state of abnegation shirked the
question, and said it would not legislate slavery
into, or out of, the Territory. The people were
; to be squatter sovereigns, and make the highest
law. Well, Kansas comes at your word, like
Pallas from the brain of Jove, full-grown, and
' fully armed. Shall she be repulsed, and taught
| that Congress will higgle, pettifog, and prevari-
cate about the meaning of its own acts ? Shall
. the verdict of the jury selected by Congress be
; set aside on the ground that they had no right to
decide the very issue for which they were em-
panneled? And, sir, for what purpose ? First,
merely to increase the chances, now or hereafter,
of inferior northern aspirants to the Presidency.
This vast field of discontent is to be kept open
for this, and for a second and master purpose—
which is, to make Kansas a balance weight on
the side of slavery.
Looking forward to the event which a northern
President is exerting all his energies to consum-
mate, and suppressing all the holiest instincts in-
herited from the land of his birth in order to
justify, the annual message declares:
"If the friends of the Constitution are to have another
struggle, ita enemies could not present a more acceptable
issue than that of a State whose constitution clearly em-
braces a republican form of government, being excluded
from the Union because its domestic institutions may not,
in all respects, comport with the ideas of what is wise and
expedient entertained in some other State."
This identical issue is now presented, only
" the horse is of another color. By thy words
thou shalt be condemned. Who is it that will ex-
clude Kansas—a free State—whose constitution
clearly embraces a republican form of Govern-
ment, because its domestic institutions may not,
in all respects, comport with the ideas of what is
wise and expedient in some other State ? " And
David said to Nathan, as the Lord liveth, the
man that hath done this thing shall surely die."
Objection is made that we should delay action
until we have more reliable information, and until
the Kansas committee shall have made their
report; and that we should not rely upon mere
newspaper reports. If we were, indeed, com-
pelled to rely solely upon the newspapers, it is
not probable we should be led far astray on the
facts. There is no class of men whose prosperity
so greatly depends upon their being scrupulously
accurate in their general statements of facts and
occurrences as the makers of newspapers, and
none more truthfUl and reliable. An error or a
humbug can last but a single day, and is then
exposed and kicked out of all good society.
Why, sir, however much it may please gentle-
men to revile newspapers, they are our daily
bread; and not a few honorable members here
learn, for the first time, from the Daily Globe,
what has been done in the House on the pre-
ceding day. It would scarcely be a random
statement to say that a majority of the members
of this House would be disqualified for the dis-
charge of their daily duties, were they deprived
of the information obtained from newspapers;
and a very large number, if brought to the con-
fessional, would admit that the best part of their
education had been acquired from the news-
papers. Those who ask for delay do not even
desire to learn facts that will enable them to vote
for the admission of Kansas as a free State; nor
can they expect to rebut the facts now generally
admitted by the world as they have been derived
from newspaper authority. But we are not driven
to rely on such authority alone. We have official
informatipn in relation to the election frauds quite
sufficient to vitiate the whole of the territorial
election; and no Legislature made at such an
election could make any but illegal and tyrannical
laws. Had this Kansas code been legally enacted,
it would still be, in many parts, an open and
palpable violation of the Constitution. By their
fruits we judge.
Finally, the immediate admission of Kansas
would, if it did not consign to eternal oblivion,
at once supersede those odious acts of the bogus
Legislature, to enforce which the President is
rushing into a civil war. I only need to allude
to these pretended enactments, so unworthy of an
American origin; which require an oath to sup-
port the fugitive slave law in order to secure the
right to vote; which exclude those conscien-
tiously opposed to slavery from sitting as jurors;
which imprison men at hard labor for not less
than two years, for denying the legality of slavery
in Kansas, or for circulating any printed paper
containing any denial of the right of persons to
hold slaves, in order to expose them to the abhor-
rence of just men everywhere.
I give the following extracts from the Kansas
code:
" No person who is conscientiously opposed to holding
slaves, or who does not admit the right to hold slaves in this
Territory , shall sit as a juror on tlie trial of any prosecution
for any violation of any of the sections of this act."
On page 345, in its chapter of habeas corpus, it
is enacted:
"No negro «r mulatto, held as a slave within this Terri-
tory, or lawfully arrested as a fugitive from service from
another State or Territory, shall be discharged, nor shall Ms
right of freedom, be had under the provisions of this act."
On page 325 it reads: **
" If the plaintiff be a negro or mulatto, he is required to
prove his right to freedom. "
i On page 605 we have a clear exposition of their
; regard for the freedom of the press:
1 " If any person print, write, introduce into, publish, or
circulate, or cause to be brought into, printed, written, pub-
lished, or circulated, or shall knowingly aid or assist in
bringing into, printing, publishing, or circulating, within
this Territory, any book, paper, pamphlet, magazine, hand-
bill, or circular, containing any statements, arguments,
opinions, sentiment, doctrine, advice, or innuendo, calculated
to produce a disorderly, dangerous, or rebellious disaffection
among the slaves in this Territory, or to induce such slaves
to escape from the service of their masters, or to resist their
authority, he shall be gutUy of felony, and be punished by
imprisonment and hard labor for a term not lest than five
years."
In the general election law, page 283, sections
12,19, and 20, are as follows:
"Sec. 12. Every person possessing the qualification of
a voter, as hereinbefore prescribed, and who shall have
resided in this Territory thirty days prior to the election at
which he may offer himself as a candidate, shall be eligible
as a Delegate to the House of Representatives of the United
States, to either branch of the Legislative Assembly, and
to all other offices in this Territory, not otherwise especially
provided for: Provided, however, That each member of the
Legislative Assembly, and every officer elected or appointed
to office under the laws of this Territory, shall, in addition
to the oath or affirmation specially provided to be taken by
such officer, take an oatTi or affirmation to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, the provisions of an act en-
titled ' An act respecting fugitives from justice and persona
escaping from the service of their masters,' approved Feb-
ruary 12,1853, and of an act to amend, and supplementary
to, said last mentioned act, approved September 18,1850;
and of an act entitled ' An act to organize the Territories
of Nebraska and Kansas,' approved May 30, 1854."' ■
" Sec. 19. Whenever any person shall oner to vote, he
shall be presumed to be entitled to vote.
" Sec. 20. Whenever any person offers to vote, his vote
may be challenged by one of the judges, or by any voter,
and the judges of the election may examine him touching
his right to vote; and if to examined, no evidence to com-
i tradict shall be received."
j On page 604 will be found a whole chapter of
J enormities, from which I copy one:
I " If any free person, by speaking or by writing, assert or
! maintain that persons have not the right to hold slaves in this
Territory, or shall introduce into this Territory, print, pub-
lish, write, circulate, or cause to be introduced into this
Territory, written, printed, published, or circulated irf this
Territory, any book, paper, magazine, pamphlet, or circular,
containing any denial of the right of person* to hold staves
in this Territory, such persons shall be deemed guilty of
felony, and punished by imprisonment at hard labor fit «
term of not less than two years."
Such laws as these find no defenders; and yet
the people of Kansas are asked to yield a prompt
obedience at the point of the bayonet. I believe
I am not wrong in asserting that there is not a
man in this House v?ho approves, or who would
tolerate, such laws, even in a slave State—and not
a man, were the attempt made to force this iron-
jacket upon him, who would not feel the blood
of a rebel glow in his veins. Let us then ex-
punge them from anything pretending to be Amer-
ica^ statutes, and give peace to Kansas, and peace
to the country. No measure promises less of evil
or more of good.
