1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
urn
Senator from New York thathe is a black-hearted
Abolitionist, or anything else that may be person-
ally offensive to that Senator, and then given me
an immunity, a protection, a guarantee, against
responsibility outside of this Chamber. The Con-
stitution, in my opinion, has given me no such
guarantee; therefore, I say, as I did at the outset,
without meaning to protract this debate, that the
Senator from New York and myself are point-
edly at issue as to what are our constitutional
rights oil this floor.
[ mean, as a Senator, so long as I occupy a
position here, to be responsible out of doors for
whatever I say—not in any libel suit—I will
protect myself against that if I choose to do so,
because that is my constitutional right; but for
whatever I say here, as a man, as a citizen, and
as a gentleman, I will be responsible out of doors.
I believe the Constitution gives me no protection,
nor did it ever design to give me protection
against such responsibility. If it had undertaken
to do it, the undertaking would be futile.
There is no use in discussing this question. If
men will give gross personal affronts to others,
they must be responsible in their own proper
persons; and no laws, no constitution, until our
whole nature is changcd, can alter this feeling of
our common humanity. We must eitherbe base,
beneath the dignity of men, or elevated to the
dignity of angels, before you can enforce any
other rule, whether it be in the Constitution, in
the law, or elsewhere. A person must be less
than a man, and, from the very nature of his de-
gradation, too low to resent a personal affront, or
else he must be akin to theangels, and, therefore,
so much above man, that there can be no occasion
for his resenting personal injuries, before you can
enforce that rule. The men who made the Consti-
tution were human. They were like the Senator
from New York and myself. They never under-
took to debase us belowthe dignity of men, or ele-
vate us to the dignity ofangels or demi-gods. They
regarded us, I conceive,as meremortals; tookus
as they found us, and made a Constitution which
suited our condition as men—I trust, as dignified
men. They protected us against vexatious suits
for libel and damages for what in the discharge
of our duties we choose to say here. They never
gave us, in my opinion, an unlimited privilege
of libeling all the world, and then saying to all
the world, " Hands off; we are a privileged class;
we are clothed with the panoply of the Constitu-
tion; here we stand in all our majesty and in all
our dignity; we say to you that you are rogues,
thieves, liars, scoundrels, cowards, and every-
thing which can make you infamous, and yet we
are not responsible because we are Senators." I
believe no such thing, and will maintain no such
doctrine here or elsewhere; and this I say inde-
pendent of the fracas which occurred 011 the floor
of the Senate Chamber—not in the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not intend at this time
to discuss this question. I shall not oppose the
printing of these resolutions. I think they are
entitled to a respectful answer from those gentle-
men of the Senate who differfrom them. Coming
from the source they do, one of the sovereign
States of this Union, they are entitled to, and
shall receive from me, a respectful consideration
and a reply. I entirely differ with the Legis-
lature of Rhode Island, and I shall endeavor to
maintain that difference. I wish to be heard on
a proper occasion. Possibly I had better take an
opportunity, when the Massachusetts resolutions
come up, as they are already before the Senate.
I desire to be heard in defense of the rights of the
people against the asserted prerogative of this
body. I deny the right under the Constitution
of one branch of Congress, or of both together,
to legalize calumny, or to protect calumniators.
1 hold that the Constitution has given no such
protection. It has not protected, nor can it pro-
tect, any Senator for a publication containing
aspersions on the character of any man or any
community
So far as the Constitution is concerned, I agree
with the Senator from Mississippi and the Sen-
ator from New York, that members here are
exempt from suits in the courts of justice, or to
be inquired of concerning what they say. I also
admit that in this District, although it is not
universally the case, to assault a man for anything
is illegal, but not because of that clause of the
Constitution of the United States to which allu-
sion has been made. It is illegal by the common
law, which obtains in this District, to make an
assault. But, sir, this assault—and there has
been much of the art with which this question
has been managed—is admitted by the person
assailed, and by the testimony introduced, to have
been for the printed speech. Such is the testi-
mony of Mr. Sumner himself. I deny the right
or authority of the Senate to tolerate or to protect
any man (whatever may be his constitutional
privileges for his utterances here) in giving them
to the winds of heaven, and assailing any one's
character.
I shall show that, from the very beginning of
this Government, and for at least two hundred
and fifty years before, in the country from which
we received our institutions, and under which
this pretense is got up, it has been universally
held that the omnipotence of Parliament itself
could not protect the slanderer or the libeler even
from the courts of justice. If he attempts to
print, or is authorized to print, Parliament, or
the Senate, by its own printer, cannot utter any
libel, or any slander, on any citizen of this great
country. The Constitution has not given the
right. Disappointed persons and mistaken States
and communities may rage and clamor, but the
right is deeply founded, older than your Govern-
ment, commencing with the earliest germ of lib-
erty, and it will survive your Government.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall not anticipate the
argument of the honorable Senator from Georgia,
in which I see that, to borrow a technical term from
the lawyers, he is preparing to new-assign in re-
gard to this offense committed in the Senate
Chamber, and to make the provocation of the
offense consist in the printing instead of the speak-
ing of Mr. Sciiner's speech. I shall hear him
on that, as I always do on every question, with
great pleasure, and answer him, if necessary, with
candor and respect.
In reply to the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi, I have only this to say: thatl did yield my
assent to his statement of a cass, supposed by
him the strongest which could possibly be im-
agined. It was a case of deliberate, malicious,
wanton, outrageous calumny and insult in the
Senate of the United States, committed by a Sen-
ator against another Senator. He thinks I am
wrong in saying that the Constitution of the
United States, ^ven in such a case, protects the
offender against responsibility out of the Senate
Chamber.
Sir, the Constitution of the United States is
admitted by that Senator to protect the offender
from all legal prosecution—from all legal punish-
ment to beimposed by all legal tribunals whatever
except the Senate. Now, if there is anything in
the Constitution which authorizes an illegal per-
son, in an illegal manner, in breach of the peace,
in the Senate Chamber or out of it, \o inflict a
corporal punishment which the Constitution
prohibits from being inflicted in a legal manner,
then the honorable Senator from Mississippi
will produce it. I can only say that I know, as
rules of conduct in the Senate, but two laws.
The one is the Constitution, the highest law of
the land; the other is the law of God, the only
law which is paramount to that Constitution. I
am amenable to my country, and to individuals,
only in so far as the law of the land prescribes.
1 am amenable to my God alone for the errors
and offenses committed by me,butnotdenounced
by the Constitution and laws of the land. What
the law does not punish—what humanjustice fails
to punish, Divine justice \W1 ultimately reach and '
condemn. But certainly no human hand may
seize its arrows, or even anticipate their awful aim.
But I cannot admit that such cases as the honor-
able Senator supposes are to occur here at all. His
supposition, that Senators will calumniate each
other—will insult each other, is, with great re-
spect to the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
impossible. It is contrary to reason and to the
nature of things. This is a high legislature of
a highly-civilized and Christian people—a con-
gress of highly-civilized Christian States. It is
justly presumed that those who constitute such a
legislative body, such a congress, will be gen-
tlemen, will be Christian men, honorable, chival-
rous, just, and courteous men, submissive to law, |
devoted to peace, lovers of order, men of truth, j
passionless and serene in temper, and elevated in ;
purposes, aims, and character. I
Mr. BROWN. That is -a verygood theory,
but suppose I should get up and say, as has been
said on the floor of the Senate, that the Senator
from New York was incapable of opening hia
mouth without uttering a falsehood, would he not
consider it personally offensive ? And if he called
me to account, would he not regard it as rather
mean if I did not give him satisfaction ?
Mr. SEWARD. I do not know nything>that
could be said of the Senator from New York
which has not been said of htm by sonvebodyon
the floor of the Senate of the United States. In
such a case the Constitution authorizes me to
invoke censure and punishment of the offense
at the hands of the Senate, and it authorizes me
to seek punishment or revenge nowhere else. I«
all such cases I have never even called u Senator
to order. In such a case I probably never shall,
and I will explain the reason why. I think it is
the business of every member on thisfloor to pre-
serve his own dignity, and square his own conduct
by the rules which regulate the conduct of gen-
tlemen. In saying this I require of him to be no
more than a sensible, a civil, and a well-bred man.
I believe all these qualities of sense, civility, and
good training, enter into the character of a gen-
tleman. No one here will contend that a Senator
of the United States ought to be less than a-gen-
tleman; that is, a sensible, civil, and "well-ore®
man, to say nothing of ability, conscience,' Kd
honor which become the senatorial character.
Now, sir, I hare a philosophy on this -subject,
which is derived from a very excellent-essay of
an eminent, practical moralist, and is expressed
in a couplet, imperfectly recollected. That phi-
losophy has carried me safely through life thus
far, and I have no doubt it will carry me safely
through to the end. It is this:
" A moral, sensible, and well-bred man
Will not affront mfi, and no othpr can."
Mr. President, the honorable Senator frowi
North Carolina seems to complain that there is a.
misapprehension, or an attempt out of this Hall,
to misstate the unhappy and painful occurr«r>cej
out of which all of this debate has arisen. He
says he sees nothing sacred in the Hall in which
our debates are held; that there is no sanctity,
no senatorial presence here, when the life-giving
debates of the Senate have ceascd here with tire
decline of day, and the echoes of our voices have
died away in the arches of the dome that stretches
its majestic proportions above our heads.
The honorable Senator does thereby admit that
there is a sanctity in the Chamber while we are
here in our places, and in the actual performance
of our duties as Senators. Now, if there -is a
sanctity in the Chamber, imparted by the Con-
stitution, which just men and patriotic men re-
spect while we are assembled here, where does
it rest? Is it to the walls of the Hall itself that
it attaches, or is it to our persons, as Senators,
as Representatives of States? Is it to these stones
upon which we tread, or to those majestic col-
umns which uphold the vaulted roofs through
which our voices reverberate, or is it to those
roofs themselves? There is nothing sacred in
any of these. The sanctity dwells in the persons
of the Senators—a sanctity not their own, but
derived from the majesty of the States they rep-
resent.
Since our persons are legally saered while
standing here and speaking, or while sitting here
and listening, or voting, during the hours of daily
session, pray tell me at what time, when we have
arrived here, or at what time when coming here,
and at what distance from the Capitol steps, does
this sanctity attach itself to us ? Does it attach
only when the President announces the session
opened for the day ? or when we enter the Hall ?
or when we ascend the first step of the vestibule
of the Capitol? Does it descend upon us at the
Capitol gate, or on the avenue, or when we leave
the doors of our own dwellings? It must be that
it attaches to us somewhere.
At what time does that sacredness forsakeour
persons, and leave us exposed to assault and
assassination ? Is it when the Chair pronounees
that the session for the day'is closed? Are we,
then, and thenceforth, at the mercy of theassas-
sin or the mob, without constitutional safeguard
Are we not protectod by the Constitution if we
retire with convenient haste from the Senate
Chamber, when the session is actually closed?
Are not our persons saered until we reach tfaa
