<583
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jane 28,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas and Slavery'—Mr. Morrill.
Ho. of Reps.
that the record of Mr. Buchanan is better for the
South than that of any other northern man; and
that, if his counsels had been followed, it would
have added to the slav* property of Virginia a
billion of dollars. He takes the responsibility of
the nomination for Virginia, and exults ill the
idea that it is a wise movement.
Mr. Douglas, although no admirer of the
old fogy taste of the convention as to men, in a
ratification speech recognizes the platform as a
Douglas offspring, and he hugs and blesses it
with heart and soul. Here are his words:
" Mr. Douglas. But, my friends, i find that these Black
' Republican' murderers and Black ' Republican ' news-
papers have all begun to shed crocodile tears [laughter and
cheers] over mine own humble fate, because they made a
Douglas platform and put Buchanan on it. [Cheers.]
•' 1 wi.-ti to call your attention to a point for a moment,,
and that is, whether it is not a Buchanan platform as well
as a Douglas. [Cheers.] They say it is a Douglas, because
it indorsed every position that I have taken, not only upon
the slavery question, and Kansas and Nebraska, butthe
foreign policy. [Cheers.] That is true; and because it is
true, 1 stand with heart and soul ready to devote all my
energies to the success of the platform and the candidate,
[immense chcers. Three cheers for Douglas •'"]
Now let me give the pith of Colonel Benton's
commentary on the platform, and then I think we
shall refuse to swallow the stuff of as well as the
stuffing placed upon it:
"It was received in a tempest of emulous applause, and
extolled to the skies. I asked one of the most vociferous
of these applauders how he could swallow such stuff? He
answered promptly, 1 As I do ipecac, to puke W up again!'
It was a New Yorker, of course, who gave that naive
answer, and 1 am sure his stomaeh would teel the cleaner
after the relief."
Those of us on this side of the House from the
free States, having no local interest in the matter,
and no very lively faith in missionary enterprises
in southern vineyards, would rejoice if other
topics ofdiscassion, of legislation—touching great
industrial ana national interests—and not slavery
—were allowed to occupy our attention. _ But it
has been thrust upon us by past legislation, by
legislation threatened—and by the action, essays,
and indolence of the President—thrust upon us
by those from the North who are greedy to accept
the proposition, openly tendered, to take all the
offices and grant equality—which, interpreted,
stands, take the spoils and yield your principles;
"And as their patron hints the cold or heat,
To shake in dog-days, in December sweat."
Thrust upon us by making slavery, like the
human chattels of which it is composed, locomo-
tive, and marching it into the most sacred pre-
cincts of freedom.
We say, from the clearest light we have from
above, from history, from experience, from the
combined testimony of good men of all ages,
slavery is wrong. Our heart's best blood has no
sympathy with it. And yet we ask no note of
this. It is only as a political and economical
question, obtruded upon us, that we deal with it.
We say, also, that we have no sympathy with
that legislative atheism which denies and flouts
the Moral Governor of the universe by its sense-
less attacks and jeers upon the " higher law."
At the same time we have no purpose to interfere
with the rights of conscience of other men, nor
with the rights of States; but we do claim here,
on all questions looking to the extension ofslavery,
where others claim <he right to vote ay, the cor-
relative right to vote no, and shall exercise it. No
is said to be a safe vote always. In such cases
it will be both safe and good. If that be obtrusive
or aggressive—if that be treason, make the most
In 1789, it was quite constitutional to exclude
slavery from all United States Territories. In
1820 it was still constitutional to exclude slavery
north of 360 30'. Ip 1848, " a change-had been
going on in the public mind," as well as in that
of General Cass, and squatter sovereignty was
broached, but'some "noise and confusion" pre-
vented its adoption. In 1854, all slavery restric-
tions were declared " inoperative and void,'-' and
the principles of the Kansas-Nebraska bill estab-
lished. The commentators on this bill in the
No^th deduced from it squatter sovereignty; while
in the South that view was repelled,"and lie abso-
lute right of slavery advanced, so as to .cover the
entire national domain outside of the States.
Letus look the squatter sovereignty doctrine
fo* £ KossMkia t&« face. Congress, having the
constitutional power to make "all needful rules
and regulations for the Territories"—■having in
every step of our history exercised that power—
suddenly abdicates in favor of any party which
may jump into a Territory and show the most
bone and muscle in a wrestle with other parties.
This seems to be sovereignty qualified by an un-
written reservation—w secret treaty to secure
J southern votes—that, if the wrong party obtains
the mastery, it may be harassed, worried, and
, prostrated by executive connivance in allowing
' parties outside the ring—with " young barba-
rians all at play" beyond the Missouri—to come
in and change the fate of the struggle at will.
This is the doctrine of practical squatter sov-
ereignty. It appears to be a step downward from
all moral, philosophical, or religious eminence,
and to rely upon physical force alone to solve the
■ most difficult problems of statesmanship. It has
a holy horror of any " higher law," and rever-
ences in the new nomenclature only the science
of border-ruffianism. Its forum is not the Sen-
ate or the Cabinet, but some territorial arena-
some gladiatorial Kansas. Theswoiri of justice is
not placed in the hands of a learned and impartial
jurist, but is clutched in the paws of aLeeompte.
Nathan Dane and Jefferson must give way while
j shouts are raised for Stringfellow and Atchison.
We have seen that it is only necessary to sus-
pect and denounce Jefferson as a higher-law
man—a suspicion never circulated while he was
on earth—when Virginia herself, almost without
a protest, will look on and see the Btatue of the (
author of the Declaration of Independence dragged
from its proud pedestal, to be replaced by that of
some one whose philosopy and politics have their
chief recommendation in the fact that they are
vouched for by the possession of one hundred
of that African population, of which, according
to the President, we have so " relatively few." j
Gentlemen may undertake to ignore or defy ;
that law, described by Bacon as "a sparkle of
the purity of man's first estate;" but still it is
there—beyond the reach of any puny bolt that
may be thundered or blurted here.
Says the great Roman orator:
" This law cannot be abolished or curtailed, nor affected
in its sanction! by any law of man. A whole Senate, a
whole people cannot dispense from its paramount obliga-
tions. It requires no commentator to render it distinctly
intelligible; nor is it different at Some and at Athens, at the
present and in ages to come; but in all times and in all
nations it is, and has been, and will be, one and everlast-
ing—one, as that God, its great author and promulgator, who
is the common sovereign of all mankind, is Himself one."
Sir, do modern Christians invoke a comparison
with this old heathen Republican? Let me say
that this law, which it has become fashionable to
sneer at, in no point conflicts with our Constitu-
tion. Our fathers did not make a God-defying
Constitution.
I expect that the higher-law will be degraded
and expunged in the hearts and consciences of
men, when the lower-law of northern men stoops
to make slavery the elementary, fundamental
principle of republicanism, and places it, as does
President Pierce, " under the general safeguard
of the Union." I expect that Jefferson, crested
with the civil glories of the Revolution, will be
scoffed at, and blotted from the page of history,
while inglorious northern slavery extensionists
shall continue the .focal point of American honors.
As the name of Liberty has been used to hide
unnumbered tyrannies, so the name of Democ-
racy has often given eurrency to wrongs, and cpn-
cealed its own assassins. Territorial popular
sovereignty, "consistent with the Constitution of
the United States," was invented to oowval the
sword of the Supreme Court—supposed to be
ready at any time to strike down those who might
dare to legislate against slavery. Under the pop-
ular cry of State rights, the attempt was once
made to deny the United States the exercise of
all rights save , ueh as might not be objected to
by any one of the States. At last we nave the
watchwords, "equality of States,"intended to give
slaveholders the right to go with, to sell, or to"
send-their slaves into any «nd all the Territories.
How little would any one expect to find that pur-
pose in such fair words? Objectionable as this
doctrine appears, there is another to which Lam
not less opposed, >nd t^at is the " equilibrium -of
TIW tht}t we art to keep up the
balance of power between the free and slave States.
In other words, to give to a small minority—less
than one third of the white population of the
Union—the control of the Government forever.
These doctrines are openly and earnestly avowed.
Equality of States and the equilibrium of the
States are the potent levers by which the De-
mocracy moves the entire masses of the South.
Such grave considerations as these give us the
right to examine and discuss the policy by which
the conservation of the institution of slavery is
sought to be obtained.
The future of slavery in thiB country has en-
gaged the earnest thoughts of statesmen and
Christian philanthropists. How it is to escape,
or how we are to escape from it, is a problem yet
unsolved. Mr. Clay thought he saw in the dim
vista of ages a possibility that, after a long course
of discipline, under happier auspices, it might
return and reoccupy Africa. Mr. Buchanan was
reconciled to the annexation of Texas, because it
was the road through which slavery might pass
to its final absorption in Mexico. But we find
the demand in Texas for slaves has, while nearly
doubling their price, increased the supply more
rapidly than in any period 6f our history, so that,
for the first time, the census shows the slave pop-
ulation to have increased in nearly the same ratio
with the white population. Already the slave
States occupy nearly a quarter more territory than
the free States, and about thrice as much in pro-
portion to the number of their white inhabitants.
The density of the whites, in the slaveholding
States, is eleven and thirty-five hundredths to the
square mile, while that of the non-slaveholding
States is twenty-one and ninety-one hundredths.
If new outlets are opened, the supply keeps pace
with the demand. Its increase and density are
inevitable, and diffusion accelerates the result.
Emancipation without expatriation is considered
in many States an evil, and therefore prohibited.
Colonization in Africa, or in the valley of the Am-
azon, is dreamed of and speculated upon; but
practically a journey to the stars whose light has
not yet reached us, may be realized before the
fulfillment of any such dreams. However sad,
and slow, or jubilant and rapid, the travel of
slavery, the end is ruin—first to the land, and
next to the people—white or black.
The only remedy now proposed is dispersion,
and that has been proved practically a delusion.
In all candor, I ask if this course is just or fair ?
Shall we permit States to saddle other and free
Territories with an evil they find too potent to
be grappled with even now ? Shall we environ
posterity with perils we are too weak to confront?
However grave the question, justice requires that
we shall answer now with a prompt and decided
negative, and that we shall net extend it beyond
its present limits. Honor requires that those
who now enjoy its benefits shall take care of its
future. With that desperation which animates
the crew of a sinking snip, we see its votaries at
work pumping out the dangerous element, but
all blind to the fact that, while they are submerg-
ing.other Territories, the flood is not diminished
in their own. Slavery, like Alexander, weeps
for new worlds to conquer, and when conquered
they drag along the necessity for ever-recurring
ana unending conquests. When victims outside
of its borders grow rare, it turns like Saturn to
devour its awn progeny; but let those who would
enslave Kansas remember that the mother of Ju-
piter saved her child by giving the monster a ptoae
to swallow.
While slavery confines itself within its owa
State ramparts, it is safe from all outside assail-
ants; but let it once make an opening to pass
out for aggression and conquest, and the breach
must remain open forever, wad no. sentinels can
guard against a surprise.
,<If it fee asked if I would smother slavery by
cooping it up within narrow limits? 1 answer
that it already has broad limiMH—vastly more than
that of the free States; and if> instead of improv-
ing the sdil, the system shall wear it opt, render-
ing it barren and too poor u>support bond or free,
then it will be God's time to smother it, and in
His decrees I propose to acquiesce. But if the
boast made here a few years ago was based on
truth, and I hope it was, that day may be pushed
fnr iaip (he future. It was asserted on this floor
