THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine.; The question
now is upon the adoption of the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana in lieu of the original
resolution. , . „
The SPEAKER. That is substantially the
^Mr. WASHBURN. I hope the amendment
■will be adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to debate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana is voted down,
does that adopt the original resolution?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. JONES. The amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana has been adopted in lieu of the
amendment of the gentleman from Mississippi.
The question now is on the amendment as
amended; after that, another vote must be taken
before anything is adopted finally.
The SPEAKER. There are two votes to be
taken; first, on the amendment, and then on the
resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. Is it in order to divide the
question, and to take the vote first on striking
out?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 81; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Bail, Barbour, Barclay, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghmst, Bishop, Bliss, Jiradshaw,
Brenton, Buffinton, Builmgamc, James H. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chalice, Ezra Claik, dawson, Colfax,
Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cumbaek, Damrell, Hemy Win-
ter Davis, Timothy Daves, Day, Dean, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Dunn, Duifec, Edie, Edward?, Einrie, Flagler, Gal-
loway, biddings, Gilbert, Granger, Giow, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Hanson, ilaven, Hickman,
Thomas II. Horton, Valentine B. iloiton, Howard, Hufihs-
ton, Kolsey, Kmuiett, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Leiter, Mace, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, Matteson, McCaity, Meacharn, Killian MUer,
Miilward, Moore, Moigan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Panic, Paiker, L'etUt, Pike, Porter,
Pringle, Ready, Ritchie, Itobbins, Roberts, Sage, Sapp,
Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, tttranalum, Thoiing-
ton, Todd, Trat'ton, Tv-on, Underwood, Valk, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
feurne, Elhhu B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, Watson,
Welch, Whitney, Woodiutf, Woodworth, and Zolhcolfor
—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett,
Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Broom, Burnett,
Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Caililc, Caiuthors, Caskn1,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cox,
Craige, Ciawlord, Davidson, Uowdell, Edmundson, Elliott,
English, Lustis, Evans., Faulkner, Fjoience, Thoma* J. 1).
Fuller, Goode, Sampson W Hart is, Thomas L, Harik-s, Her-
bert, Iloft'man, Houston,Geoige VV. Jone*, J. Clancy Jones,
Kelly, Kidwell, Lake, Luteins,Lindlcy, Lumpkin, Samuel
S. Maishall, Maxwell, McMulhn, Me'iueen, Smith Miller,
Millson,Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Peek, Phelps, Powell, (lua-
man, Ricaud, Richardson, Uuttln, Sandidge, Sava«e. tfew
ard, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wilham U
Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Swopc, Talhott, Taylor, Ti ippe.
Vail, Walker, Warner, Watkms, Wheelci, Winslow, and
John V. Wright—ttl.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the
resolution as amended,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, called fur the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 9U; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Allison, Ball, Barbour, Barclay, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bilhnglmrst, Bishop, Bliss, Bi.id-.haw,
Brenton, Buffinton, Burhngame, James H Campbell,.Lewi*
D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bavaid Claik, Lzta Cl.uk, Claw^on.
Colfax, Coinms, Covode,Ciagm,Cumbaek. Daimell.Tim-
othy Davis,Day, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Uuileo,
jEdie, Edwards, Emne, Flaglei, Galloway, (iiddines, Gilbert,
Granger, Grow, Augustus Hall, RobeitB. Hall, llailan, liai-
rison, Haven, Hickman, Thomas R. Iloiton, Valenune B.
Iloiton, Howard, Hugh&ton, Kolsey, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton,Knox, Leitei, Mace, Matteson, MeCai t v, M eaeh-
am, Killian Miller, Miilward, Moore, Morgan, Momil,
Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Paiker,
Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Ritelne, Robbms, RoboiN, Sage, Sapp,
Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stianahan, Thonng-
ton, Todd, Tralton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbudgc,
Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Woodiutf, and 1
Woodworth—101. I
WAV'S—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, !
Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Bianch, Brooks, Bioom, Burnett, |
Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Cailile, Caruthers,Ca&kie^
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox,
Craige, Crawford, Da\j.d&on, llemy Winter Davis, Dow-
dell, Edmundson, Elliot, English, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner,
Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, J. Morrison Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Hoffman,
Houston, George W. Jones, J. Clancy Jones, Kelly, Kon-
nett, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lmdley, Lumpkin, Alexan-
der K. Maishall, Hurnphrev Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall,
Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Million,
Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Pame, Peek, Phelps, Porter, Powell,
Quitman, Ready, Rieaud, Richardson, Ruffin, Sandidge,
Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel . A. Smith, William
Smith., William R. Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Swope,Talbott,
Taylor, Trippc, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner,
Watkuis, Wheeler, Whitney, Wm&iow, John V. Wright,
and ZollieofFer—93.
So the resolution as amended was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. "BOWIE said: Am I now voting upon the
proposition of thegentlemanfrom Indiana, which
allows all liinds of testimony to be taken?
[Cries of "Order!" 44order 1"]
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to charac-
terize the resolution.
Mr. BOWIE. Then I vote no.
Mr. GREENWOOD stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Kunkel.
Mr. WASHBURN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdraw from the Court of
Claims the papers in the case of Mrs. Ruhama
and Rebecca Whitaker, and that the same be re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
It was so ordered.
And then, on motion by Mr. ROYCE, (atthree
o'clock and fifty minutes,) the House adjourned
until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 90, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGLER presented papers in support of
the claim of the heirs of Thomas Jordan, a pay-
master in the revolutionary army, to arrears of
pension; which were referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of Brevet
Colonel John L. Gardner, of the United States
Army, praying for an amendment of the act of
April 24,1816, in respect to the forage allowance;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
A flairs.
Mr. FISH presented a memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of New York, praying for the
adoption of measures forth*' protection of Amer-
ican commerce against piracies in the shallow
bays and waters along the China coast; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I present
a memorial of citizens of New Jersey bordering
on the sea-coast, who served as volunteers during
the war of 181G, under the direction of the State,
and were in actual service and engaged in battle
with the enemy. They ask that parol testimony
may be received to prove their service, and that
they may be placed on the same footing with other
volunteers in the service of the United States. I
move its reference to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
REFERENCES TO THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. SEWARD. Yesterdavl presented to the
Senate a memorial of Oscar Piter, praying for
compensation for property destroyed in the bom-
bardment ofGieytuwu. I did not scrutinize the
paper carefully, but I am now informed by the
Secretary that the memorial appeaia on its face
to have come from a foreigner. As the under-
standing here is that foreigners should address
the Government through the President of the
United States, and not through the legislative
bodies, the presentation of the petition was irregu-
lar. I therefore ask leave to move for the recon-
sideration of the order by which that petition was
referred to the Court of Claims, and that the pe-
tition be returned to the petitioner.
The motions were agreed to.
Mr. ST CJART. I hold in my hand the petition
of Benjamin Lanflant, praying for compensation
for property destroyed by the enemy daring the
last war with Great Britain. He wishes to have
his claim referred to the Court of Claims. The
practice in this body has not been established on
this subject, but it strikes me that it is more ap-
propriate that the petition in the first place should
be referred to a committee, with instructions to
ascertain and report the propriety of referring it
to the court. I therefore present the petition, and
move its reference to the Committee on Claims,
with instructions to report to the Senate the pro-
priety of sending it to the Court of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
BOUNTY ZAND BILL.
Mr. FOOT. By direction of the Committee on
Public Lands, I report back the bill (PI. R. No. 8)
to amend the "Act in addition to certain acts
granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
diers who h avc been engaged in the military service
of the United States," approved March 3, 1855,
with several amendments, and with a recom-
mendation that it be passed. As there has been
some slight modification of the original amend-
ments, I am also directed to move that the bill be
reprinted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I also give notice of the intention
of the committee to call for the consideration of
the bill on Monday next.
PAPER "WITHDRAWN.
Mr. FOSTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the legal representatives of Rhoda Lewis,
widow of Seth Lewis, of the State of Connecticut, be per-
mitted to withdiaw from the files ot the Senate the original
certificate of membership m the Cincinnati Soeicty granted
Seth Lewis, and now with Rhoda Lewis's petition on the
files: Provided^ That a certified copy thereof be placed
with the petition and papers aforesaid.
DOCUMENTS FOR THE CHIEF ENGINEER.
Mr. WELLER. I oiler the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That it shall he the duty of the Secietary of the
Senate to tarnish the office of the chief engineer of the
A.) my with fifty copies of the reports, chaits, maps, and
othei documents which may be pieparcd and sent by that
office to the Senate from time to time, and published by
their order.
1 ask for the consideration of the resolution
now. It is recommended by the Secretary of
War to furnish the chief of the engineer depart-
ment with a copy of the reports and maps coming
from that office, for the purpose of being distrib-
uted among the officers of that corps.
Mr. STUART. Is it prospective?
Mr. WELLER. Entirely.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
GADSDEN TREATY.
Mr. HALE submitted the followingresolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform the
Senate whether the boundary line between the Tmted
States and Mexico has been suiveyed, marker], and estab-
lished, as required by the third article of the treaty botwoen
the two Governments of June 30, 18,">3; and whether the
$3.001),000 stipulated to be paid to Mexico 44 as soon as the
boundaiy hue shall be surveyed, inaiked, and established,"
have boon paid, or any part thereof: and if so, how much,
to whom, and under what encumstances.
FRAUDS ON THE REVENUE.
Mr, HUNTER. Mr. President, as this day
lms been assigned to the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] and J do not propose to intci'fere
with him, I shall not call for the consideration of
the deficiency bill now; and therefore, 1 propose
that we take up at once the bill on which he is
to deliver his remarks. I understand he is ready
;; to go on.
jj Mr. JAMES. I hope the honorable Senator
;; from Virginia will give way for a few moments,
in order to allow me to introduce a bill of which
previous notice has been given, with a view to its
reference to the Committee on Finance.
;j Leave was granted to introduce the bill, the
title of which is, "A bill to prevent frauds on the
I! revenue, and for other purposes."
,j Mr. HU INTER. I understand the Senator de-
;i sires to submit some remarks on that subject; I
I1 do not wish to interfere with him, but there may
' | bo a <[iu stioii of junsdiction. I only wish it to
;: bo mide-rstood that that question is not decided,
jj I bhall not object to the first reading of the bill;
11 but I must object to its reference to any com-
:. mittcc now.
' Mr. JAMES then addressed the Senate in ex-
planation ot the bill. His speech will be pub-
,■ hshed in the Appendix.
ji The bill wasVead the first time,and ordered to
j I a second reading.
