THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•Tune 18,
green lawn of the groves that surround the Capi-
tol ? And if we loiter not under the trees on our
•way homeward, are not our persons sacred then!
If we do not deviate from the customary track,
are we not protected by the Constitution of the
United States even until we reach our dwellings,
when our own houses become our castles?
I think it must be admitted that, if there is any
constitutional security at all attached to our per-
sons, it is a security which attends us while we
are going to, remaining at, and returning from
the Capitol where our labors are devoted to the
claims of our country, and the preservation of her
liberty and independence. Then, practically, the
fact that this violence, although it was commitied
after the Senate had adjourned, was, nevertheless,
committed on a Senator yet remaining in his seat,
from which he had not removed after the session
was closed, is precisely the same thing as if it
had occurred in the Senate when the Senate was
actually in session. Honorable Senators will find
that if they seek to except this case from the con-
stitutional protection which I have invoked, and
if they shall maintain that one member of the
House of Representatives can assail in the Senate
Chamber, within half an hour after the Senate
has adjourned, one Senator for words spoken in
debate, then all the members of the House of
Re presentatives may organize themselves into a
moo, and assault all the Senators, though less
than quarter of their own number, for imagined
offenses committed by them all, and waylay and
attack them in the Hull and in the passages of
the Capitol, and in the public streets, with consti-
tutional impunity.
I am sure that, when honorable Senators come
to look at the consequences involved in this mat-
ter, they will at least consider whether it is ex-
pedient and wise to refuse to hear the complaints
of the States as they are sending up here their
deep-toned and noble protests. They indicate
true pulsations in the tlurty-one great hearts of
the Republic.
I say now to the honorable Senator from North
Carolina, with no threat or puipost' of intimida-
tion at all, that if he induces the Senate to sup-
press the complaint of the State of Rhode Island,
though she is among the least of the whole thirty-
one members of the Confederacy, I shall ask him
hereafter to remember, when agitation rises higher
and higher, and its waves shall threaten to over-
whelm the State, it is not on this side of the
Chamber that the fault of having produced or
fomented that so-much-dreaded agitation will be
found.
Mr. JAMES rose.
Mr. WELLER. Ides ire to move an execu-
tive session, as I gave notice some tinm ago; but
I will yield to the Senator from Rhode Island, if
he desires to make any remarks.
Mr. BROWN. I first made the objection to
printing these resolutions, 1 know wi'mt is due
to the dignity of a sovereign State; and though
Rhode Island is the smallest member of the Con-
federacy, she is equal to any other State, even to
New York, and 1 would respcct her voice as much.
I only made the objection, that I might have an
opportunity of expressing my dissent from the
resolutions she sent here. 1 hare no purpose to
prevent their being printed. That courtesy is due
to Rhode Island,and I readily concede it.
Mr. JAMES. As the objection to printing is
withdrawn, I shall not make the remarks which
I intended to present, but will allow the question
to be taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection, the printing will be ordered.
t Mr. REID. I desire to vote against the mo-
tion,
Mr. WELLER. If the Senator from North
Carolina insists on a vote, of course the question
cannot be taken now.
Mr. REID. I desire to vote against printing
these resolutions.
Mr. WELLER. There is certainly no quorum
present; and if the Senator from North Carolina
insists on a vote, I shall be compelled to move
the postponement of the question until the next
meeting of the Senate; for, as I said before, it is
important that we should have an executive ses-
sion, in order to act on some appointments which
it is necessary should go out to the Pacific by the
next steamer; and this is the only occasion upon
which we can have an executive session in time.
Mr. JAMES. I hope the honorable Senator
from North Carolina will withdraw his objection,
and allow the resolutions to be printed at once.
Mr. BROWN. I hope my friend from North
Carolina will let us consider that he votes against
the printing, and let it go.
Mr. REID. I only desire to record my vote
against the printing.
Mr. WELLER. The Congressional Globe is
the official record. That will show to posterity
that the Senator from North Carolina opposed the
printing of these resolutions: heattainshis object
in that way.
Mr. REID. I wish to vote against the print-
ing; and so that I accomplish that object I desire
no more.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
put the question on the motion that the resolu-
tions be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS. I move to take up the Massa-
chusetts resolutions, with a view to postpone
them to Monday next. I do not propose Thurs-
day, the next day of meeting, because, in the
course of my remarks, I may have occasion to say
something which I would desire at least one Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to be present to hear—
not that I intend to say anything offensive, but I
may have occasion to say something which he
may correct, if he thinks proper. I move that
these resolutions be postponed till next Monday,
by which time, I suppose, one of the Senators
will be here.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned to Thurs-
day.  
HOUSE 'OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 18, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of Saturday last was read.
The SPE/VKER stated that thn first business
in order was the motion to lay upon tlic table the
motion made by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, to
amend the Journal of Saturday, the 7th instant.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Rut another ques-
tion as to the correctness of the Journal arises
tins morning. I made a motion on Saturday,
that when the House adjourns it adjourn to meet
to-day; and when the question was put, tellers
were ordered, and the tellers reported eighty-
eight in the affirmative and thirty-one in the neg-
ative. That fact does not appear upon the Jour-
nal this morning.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the recording clerk that it is the custom never
to record the result in figures, except when it is
ascertained by the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES. Does the Chair not recollect that
he announced the result, as reported by the tellers
—eighty-eight in the affirmative and thirty-one m
the negative.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recollects that
the facts were as stated by the gentleman from
Tennessee; but the omission upon the Journal is
in accordance with the usual custom and mode
of keeping the Journal, which is not to record :
the figures unless the result is arrived at by the ;
yeas and nays. j
Mr. JONES. If that is the mode of making i
up the Journal it is, in my opinion, a wrong j
practice; and the Journal should show the number :
of members voting on both sides. When I made !
the motion I distinctly stated that if there were :
a quorum present I was willing to adjourn over. 1
It was the understanding, before the meeting of !
the Democratic convention at Cincinnati, that
nothing would be done here until after that con- !
vention, and then that nothing would be done
pending the convention at Philadelphia. It was j
m pursuance of that general understanding that I \
desired that an adjournment over should be had. j
As I said before, tellers were appointed on the '
motion, and they reported the result of the vote '
upon the motion; and as the matter, as I have ,
stated it, is within the recolleetion of the Chair, '
and, I presume, of every member who was here,
I think it would have beerfcright to place the result
upon the Journal, according to the facts.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the gen-
tleman from Tennessee to move to correct the
Journal.
Mr. JONES. But there is one motion to correct
the Journal pending now. I would ask the Chair
if it is not within his province to have the correc-
tion made ? It is the duty of the Chair, I believe,
to see the Journal correctly made up before it is
read to the House.
The SPEAKER. In justice to the recording
clerk, the Chair would say that there is no in-
stance upon the Journal of the House where such
a result as that alluded to by the gentleman from
Tennessee is recorded in figures. When the re-
sult of a vote is determined by yeas and nays,
the result so determined is placed upon the Jour-
nal. When the result is otherwise ascertained,
it is not so recorded. The Chair does not feel
authorized to change the ordinary practice of the
House in keeping the Journal.
RESOLUTIONS OF RHODE ISLAND.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to have entered
upon the Journal a motion to reconsider the vote
by which the House, on Saturday last, ordered
the resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Rhode Island to be printed. I do not propose to
ask for its consideration now.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be received
unless objection be made.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Have I not a right to have
the motion entered?
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair, assuming that
a quorum is present, can receive the motion to
reconsider; and it will be received and entered
upon the Journal unless objection is made.
No objection was made.
Mr. TIIURSTON. Is it in order to move to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. The motion is not now be-
fore the House. When it comejs up for consid-
eration amotion to lay upon the table will be in
order.
STATUARY HIRAM POWERS.
Mr. HARRISON, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Presidentof the United States be, and
is hereby, i cquest^d to mi'oi m tins House what mea&urep, if
any, have been taken tocirryout the provisions of the late
act of Congress, authorizing the President to contract with
Hiram Powers (the gicat American sculptor now m Italy)
for some woi k of art for the new CapitoJ, and appropriating
^25,000 for that purpo?.e.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. GROW. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. GROW. For some days past, I have
noticcd in the public prints what purports to be
a letter written by Governor Reeder to me. In
justice to Governor Reeder, and to vindicate my-
self from the imputation of so gross a breach of
confidcnceas that of the publication of any private
correspondence, I wish to say, that no such letter
was ever received by me from Governor Reeder,
and I have norecollcctionof ever havingreceived
any written communication whatever from Gov-
ernor Reeder. I make this statement in order that
the forgery—for it is entirely a forgery—may bs
explained by the public prints.
Mr. PHELPS. Docs not that letter purport
to be written to Mr. Grove, instead of Mr.
Grow?
Mr. GROW. Tn the Philadelphia Ledger,
which I hold in my hand, the statement is: "the
letter of Reeder to Grow, which has just been
given to the world," and in other papers, the
words are, "to Grow, member of Congress."
Mr. PHELPS. I suppose the letter is ad-
dressed to a Mr. Grove, m Kansas, if we both
refer to the some letter, as I believe we do.
Mr. GROW. The letter I refer to is the fol-
lowing, as I find it in tho Ledger:
" Reefer's Confession.—The letter of Reader to Crow,
which has just b^en given to the world, contains a confes-
sion of hi* own guilt and wrong, and that of the party
