50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
sat down to meditate on that mighty and fearful
ruin which I had been warned was to fall on the
Capitol and on the country, in swift revenge of
the failure of the Army bill. The evening shades
gathered around me, but they brought no notes
or signs of sorrow, fear, or sadness. The parlors
of my neighbor on the right resounded with the
tinkling of the guitar. Fairy-footed children were
dancing in the halls of my neighbor on the left,
to the merriest notes the violin could breathe
through its mirth-moving strings. Across the
way, the Russian Minister, always watchful of
portents of dissension here, worthy the notice of
his sovereign, was entertaining ajoyous company
in his lordly halls, as undisturbed by the crash-
ing and falling of this great Republic over his
head, as the deaf mutes, who, on the opposite side
of the way, were joining with happieryoutbsthan
themselves in the amusements of the eventide.
And, sir, though it is strange, it is nevertheless
true, that this condition of happy ignorance of
political evil or danger has continued in that
neighborhood ever since.
Mr. President, the state of the case is very dif-
ferent here in the Senate Chamber. You can
understand the reality of this great ruin. Sen-
ators, you can repeat it to each other; you can
impress each other with the truth of its exist-
ence. You can even produce conviction of that
fearful fact upon the galleries. They are filled
with your clients. The streets around the Cap-
itol are filled with them. They perhaps will
groan, or would, if it were respectful to do so,
when I express a doubt whether the ruin is riot
exaggerated in your speeches. But, Senators,
do not let their sympathy mislead and deceive
you. They are interested clients and depend-
ents. They all have long arms and wide-spread-
ing fingers, to dip, by your gracious permission,
into the Treasury, but no strong shoulders to
support and bear up the Constitution of then-
country. If you rely on their applause and their
sympathies, and go down with us before the
people upon this issue, you may look out at the
next session of Congress for galleries filled with
other clients just as patriotic, but, at the same
time, just as well satisfied that this country can
be saved from ruin by an administration of the
Government which will overturn the Missouri
usurpation, and restore " perfect freedom" to the
people of Kansas. I know something of the
temper of legislative galleries, and of the atmos-
phere of executive chambers. J warn you not
to rely too much on the purity of the one, or the
constancy of the other.
So this executive stage effect, then, does not
change my resolution. What next occurs to
affect it? A by-play is gotten up between two
of the three parties in tins House, who assume
to act in the name of <ili. In a parliamentary
sense, there are three parties line: first, the De-
mocracy; second, a branch of the Opposition once
known as Whigs, (now, 1 fear to give offense by
using a misnomer, and therefore do not name
it;) and third, the Republicans, Black Repub-
licans, or Abolitionists, as the other two parties
happily agree in calling us who constitute the
other, and far the largest branch of the Opposi-
tion. But, although there are three parties here,
yet when it comes to a question of dividing the
llouse into its three constituent parts, the figure 2
is always used as a divisor; and the Democracy
and the aforesaid nameless band of the Opposition
are found together, and the Republicans stand
alone, in contrast to both. Just now, however,
the first two stand apart, and an intei lude of con-
ciliation and pacification is enacted between their
representatives, the Senators from Delaware and
Louisiana, [Mr. Clayton and Mr. Benjamin.]
We Republicans are allowed to appear as super-
numeraries, not in original parts of our own, but
just to give greater effect to the scenes. The
Senator from Delaware presents a bill—for which
all the Republicans are to vote, without offering
amendments or debate—for repealing certain ob-
noxious laws in Kansas; and the Senator from
Louisiana presses the Democracy in the Senate
to pass that bill. Then the House of Represent-
atives is to be deemed refractory, if they do not
at once yield their proviso, and pass the Army
bill. Thus, this pretty little interlude, like the one
gotten up by the clowns of Athens, that is incor-
porated into the " Midsummer Night's Dream,"
happily moves forward the grand plot of the
drama to a successful denouement. Certainly, I
do not mean to assign to those distinguished
Senators the parts belonging to any of the sub-
ordinates in the interlude. I recognize him from
Delaware as Oberon, the king of an imaginary
realm, and him from Louisiana as the sprightly
and yet efficient Puck, prime minister to that
gracious but unequally-tempered sovereign. But,
alas! the interlude drags. It does not advance
the action of the grand plot, nor can it proceed
itself. Democratic Senators, especially the stern
and inflexible Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Ma-
son,] refuses to concur m giving the necessary
assent of the Democratic part of the House to the
conciliation bill; and we Republican Senators
cannot pass this bill of conciliation, even if we
would. The two Senators who get it up are sure
only to their own votes, reinforced by ours. But,
sir, let us suppose that they bring their interlude
to a happy termination. It is a rule in courts of
equity, in furtherance of justice, that what ought
to be done shall be taken to have been done. We*
will suppose that this bill of conciliation, which
abrogates certain of the obnoxious laws of Kan-
sas, has passed; and thereupon I am asked to
vote for the Army bill, without the proviso of
the House of Representatives. I cannot do it.
The objection to it remains just as before. Your
bill does not remove all the unconstitutional and
despotic laws of Kansas. The executive courts
in Kansas will deny that it removes any of them,
and, above all; the usurpation of Kansas. The
forge m which those tyrannical laws were made
remains in full blast, to produce others as tyran-
nical as these. Sir, there is nothing in this new
and ingenious device to change my purpose;and
nothing, as I trust, to alter the fixed puipose of
the House of Representatives.
What next? You come back to argument. You
assert that the louisc? of the House of Represent-
atives, m insisting upon this proviso, is uncon-
stitutional and revolutionary. My excellent friend
from Massachusetts, m his very able speech, has
given you the authority of the Federalist for the
very power which the ilouse of Representatives
is thus exercising.
The honorable Senator from Louisianabreathed
on those quotations from the Federalist, and they
disappeared. Sir, he is an ingenious and eloquent
advocate. When 1 saw this bar of iron, so rough
and black whq,n cold, come out from between his
hammerand the anvil, it seemed perfectly smooth
and sparkling. But now, when it has cooled
fi2.un, it is just as rough and black as it was before,
ife aigued that the power of the House of Rep-
resentatives to annex & condition to a money bill,
was confined to the single ease when the Senate
should refuse its consent to an apportionment bill
for raising the number of Representatives of the
people with the advance of population. Now, a
simple redding of the text will convict him of
error:
kv Thrse eoiiMflfiatinrw «*e<*m to afford ample security on
thn subject, (uanielwa conflict in ease of augmentation of
lite numixM of mrmhm of the IJou-se of Representative,)
and ought alone to nullify all the dotibN and view* winch
have been indulged m tcjrard to it. Admitting, hovvcv er.
that they should ail be insufficient to subdue" ibe unjust
policy of the smaller State, or their piedonunum influence
m the councils of the Senate, a constitutional and mtalhble
icxourco Mill lemam* with the larger States, by which they
will be able at all times to accomplish [whai;] their juit
purposes*''
At what time to accomplish? At all times to
accomplish their just pui poses. Not at one time,
one particular purpose only, but at all times, all
their just purposes. Then the House of Repre-
sentatives may have more than one just purpose.
If more than one just purpose can be indulged,
then the provision is a geneial one, and applies
to all such just purposes; and of the justice of
any purpose, as well as of the necessity of resort-
ing to the extreme remedy to accomplish it, the
House of Representatives, as a coordinate branch
of the Legislature, has equal right with the Sen-
ate to judge. I think this a sufficient reply on that
subject.
And now, to treat more seriously than I have
yet done the argument that the Army must and
will be disbanded, and that the country will be
abandoned to desolating Indian depredations.
You will remember that this constitutes the whole,
or nearly the whole, argument of the President's
message. The picture is drawn, 1 suppose, from
between the covers of the school-books of past
generations. Senators enlarge: they tell us that
the war in Florida, waged, as we know it is, by
only two hundred or three hundred poor strag-
gling Indians of that peninsula, is not yet ended.
Well, it haslasted more than fifteen years; and
if it has not yet been suppressed by the Army,
which has at all times been well supplied, in
Heaven's name when will it end ? Would it be
unwise to change our policy, and try to bring it
to an end without an army? They tell us that
Texas is suffering from Indian depredations; and
yet at this moment the State of Texas is sending
armed colonists to join in the subjugation of
Kansas. They insist that Indian wars are yet
raging in California and Oregon,although General
Wool writes to me that the war is ended, and
would have been brought to a close much sooner
but for the misconduct of the civil authorities
there; while those civil authorities are sending
creditors to us, with accounts amounting to four
millions of dollars, advanced to subsist the militia
in their successful efforts at restoring peace and
safety in those regions.
Thus, sir, you see that these pretenses of danger
from the Indians are all moonshine, let in upon
the Senate through artfully prepared crevices in
the walls of the executive palace. If, however,
Senators think the truth to be otherwise, and also
think that the mechanics at Springfield, at Har-
per's Ferry, and at Cold Spring, are to be dis-
charged, and the manufacture of muskets, rifles,
and cannon, is to be arrested, and that the con-
tracts with the makers of powder on the Brandy-
wme, and with the woollen drapers of New York
and New England for clothing, arc to be broken,
and the Army itself to be in fact disbanded, and
that the whole machinery; of Government is to be
suddenly stopped and brought to a dead stand,
then I ask them this simple question: By what
right and by what law can the President of the
United States dismiss an officer, disband a regi-
ment, or arrest the movement of a single wheel
or spindle, that in obedience to law he has actually
put in motion ? He can do no such thing, sir; at
least, not lawfully or rightly. He may in spleen
do it wrongfully; but for that, there is a public
remedy. Officers, soldiers, mechanics, and man-
ufacturers, may rest by a determination of their
own, if they are not paid. But do you fear any
such stoppage as that? Did you ever know any
undertaking of the Government to stop at all, be-
cause there was a failure of the appropriation bill
for a month or two, or six, or more? No, sir,
the Government labor will go on all the faster.
Sir, gunpowder, lead, muskets, and rum, are pro-
fusely scattered among the Indian tribes every
year, by enterprising traders, who take in pay-
ment drafts from the Indians upon annuities not
even yet accrued. I expose myself to the com-
plaints of merchants and Army contractors, who
are found among my representatives, by joining
the other House on this occasion, i will let you
fully into a knowledge of the extent to which they
are disturbed. One house, with some hundreds
of thousands of dollars of capital, has written to
ask my opinion whether the Army bill would
pass; and if it should not, then whether, at the
next session, the Government will pay interest.
I answer now, here, that 1 trust the Army bill
will not pass at this session, and that at the next
session full appropriations for principal and in-
terest will be made.
And now a word in serious earnestness on the
subject of the alarms about the Union. If there
is danger of its dissolution, it must be discover-
able in some quarter. There must be somewhere
an enemy to this country and to her Constitution.
Where is he—tvho is he? Who is it, where is
the man, that proposes to scuttle this noble ark
of the Constitution, that has rode the waves so
gently in times of calm, so proudly in season of
storms and tempests, and sink it into the depths
of the sea, while he will transfer us, for safety, to
some gay-gilded fantastical craft of his own handi-*
work ? Sir, there is no such man in this country,
in the North or in the South, in the East or ill
the West. We are all on board together, and all
quietly watchful of our course, and jealous indeed
of the pilot whom we station at the helm. Sir,
these attempted alarms about the safety of the
Union are factitious. Congress adjourned on the
18th of August, without passing the Army bill,
and yet the country and the Constitution remained
safe; forwe found them so on the 21st. Congress
may adjourn to-morrow, to reassemble on the first
