1896.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^088
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Foster.
Senate.
thnt the South had the raw material, water-power
in abundance, and the cheapest laborat her doors;
so that she could engage in manufactures, and
challenge the competition of the world. Into that
enterprise I would bid her God speed. There she
might find rivals, but no enemies.
The free States are confined to the moat rig-
orous climate and the most rugged soil, and they
feel aggrieved that they cannot be allowed to re-
tain even one strip of fairer territory with a
more congenial climate. Nay, they feel indignant
that even the Union should be imperiled to snatch
from them what was pledged by the fathers of
the Republic., to be to them and their posterity an
inheritance forever. They demand it now, and
will never, never accept less.
By those who would force slavery upon an
unwilling people, who resist and would exclude
it, the principles of the Kansas and Nebraska
bill are often said to be national, and that they
remove an odious inequality by allowing slaves,
as well as sheep and cattle," to be introduced into
the Territories. There is nothing more evident
than that free labor cannot be forced-into har-
mony and alliance with slave labor. It will not
stoop to the degradation of equality, nor thrive
by its side. Admit slavery, and you drive out
freedom. Such admission, however mild and
diluted in form, is at once and forever tantamount
to a restriction upon liberty. This new-fangled
nationality in fact, therefore, covers only this in- j
stitution. Its horizon is limited to the bounda-
ries of slavery, and shuts out all beyond. Aa if
in anticipation of such a nationality well has the 1
sculptor in yonder grounds sacrificed good taste ;
to severe irony, and portrayed the Father of his
Country in a sitting posture. It has been said
of the sitting Jupiter of Phidias, at Olympia, j
that if he should suddenly stand up 'he would
burst the vaulted roof of the temple. So would
Washington, were he now suddenly to start up,
burst the lately-found nationality, and leave it like
our present Capitol, domeless.
Thus, I think, it cannot be denied, that the
great obstacle in the path of Kansas—the hin-
drances that are piled up to bar her present admis-
sion into the Union, are questions growing out of
a deliberate and dangerous purpose to disperse and
expand slavery wide over all limits where it is |
not precluded by State constitutions. If such is j
not the purpose, why dare not the conservative I
men of the South rise and deny it? And this is 1
called a finality. Certainly #t would seem that :
nothing more could be grasped. But what secu-
rity hare we—even if our blood could now coolly
submit—that some future plank of the Democratic
platform, or some future Judge Kane, will not j
invade the free States ? Alas! our faith in final- i
ities has been repealed. 1
It will not be a very violent assumption to say
4pthat if, in the preliminary contest among the
squatter sovereigns of Kansas, slavery had come
on the victor, there would be no opposition to
her admission from the quarter whence it now
comes. But, even under the Kansas and Ne-
braska bill, shall slavery be lifted up whenever
prostrated, while freedom is only left unfettered—
"perfectly free"—when she reels and staggers
under the' foul blows of her adversary ? Permit
me to say to those Who still cling to the principles
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, that the only way
you can preserve its chastity an(} beauty—if you
will still draw on your imagination for such
charms—the only way you can ever make it a ;
popular favorite is to adhere to it when it makes j
against you as well as when/or you.
If it should be contended that any of the pro-1
ceedings by which the Kansas constitution has j
been formed and presented have been irregular, j
let us consider the great provocations the people
of that unfortunate Territory have endured, and j
give them credit for so much of forbearance and
wisdom as they have manifested. If they have '
not fully understood the Nebraska bill, let us re- |
member that it was not easy to i^Herstand; and
grave Senators still wrangle whether the right
was given to a Territory, an incident State, or
State, to form their institutions in their own way. :
Why not waive all objections, as they have been ,
often heretofore waived, in favor of junior States, J
f " Pard°n something to the spirit of liberty ?" j
Like the Romans, let u  distinguish ourselves ll
more by what we give than by what we take.
Let us give to Kansas a State government, and
no longerrobthemof peace and the fruits of hon-
est toil. If we cannot add a cubit to our own
stature, We can raise and elevate that of the na-
tion by an act at once just and generous, and
which promises harmony and repose to the
country.
Why postpone action on_this subject? Are
there any gentlemen hoping something better will
' turn up? I.appeal to the sound sense of the
j House, whether the preseht angry agitation of
the subject of slavery will pay? Gentlemen have
eyes; and each must see and judge for himself
! whether slavery is likely to win any strength not
1 already lodged in the Constitution in a policy of
persistent aggression, or not; and, if to win even
' temporarily, at what future cost. If slavery has
nothing to win, can there be any mode of more
gracefully closing the contest than by a speedy
admission of Kansas as a free State? Will not
sectional pjide suffer less humiliation by such an
adjustment than by any decision to be obtained
by civil war, executive power, or by a legislative
restoration of the Missouri compromise ? Last
year the engineers of the new dome to our Capitol
asked an appropriation of $100,000; but this year,
after " the working plan" has been " studied. We
are told that $945,000 will be required. Do not
the engineers who have studied the working plan
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill see that it is costing
far more than the original estimate? Let the
ghosts, not only of "the murdered Wright," but
of those other wanderers in the shade who once
occupied seats in this Flail, answer. Lettheangry
waves of discontent among the people, in all sec-
tions of our country, answer. Let the fossil
remains of a once great and powerful Democratic
party in th,e free States, lost while under the
charge of the New Hampshire brigadier, answer.
Let the Constitution, intended to be "fixed as
fate, or foreknowledge absolute," now tortured
and racked to keep pace with Bach new stretch of
the slavery-extension Democracy, answer.
u i think our country sinks beneath the yoke—
It weeps, it bleeds; and each new day a gach
It added to ber wounds."
admission of kansas.
SPEECH OF HON. L. F. S. FOSTER,
of connecticut,
In the Senate, June 25,1856.
The Senate, ai in Committee of the Whole, having andcr
consideration the bill (S. No. 172) reported by the Commit-
tee on Territories, to enable the people of the Territory of
Kansas to form a constitution and State government, pre-
paratory to their admission into the Union when they have
the requisite population, -
Mr. FOSTER said: Mr. President, the Terri-
tory of Kansas still continues painfully to absorb
the public attention. It So overshadows all other
subjects, foreign and domestic, that it can almost
be said to be the only question before the country.
My acknowledgments are due to the Senate, and
particularly to the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Weller,] for the courtesy mani-
fested to me yesterday to enable me to express
my views on this all-engroesing subject. After
the very full discussion which has been had by
some of the ablest and most experienced members
of this body, on both sides of the Chamber, I can
scarcely hope to add anything of novelty or in- |
terest to the debate. My object is to discharge '
what I deem to be a duty-, not to gratify any am- '
bition to make a speech; and I must bespeak the i
kind indulgence of the Senate. j
On the 25th of May, 1854, the act to organize
the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas passed
this body. It had previously passed the other 1
branch of •ongress; it soon received the signa-
ture of the President, and became a law of the
land.
No act of Congress for many years, if indeed
for all past years, cast so gloomy a sh&dow over
so large a portion of our broad country as the pas-
sage of that act. The vote was taken at the unu-
sual hour of midnight; and though the darkness
of that night passed away, yielding to the light
of the next coming morning, the dark shadow
cast by this aet has constantly been growing
broader and deeper, until our whole land is envel-
oped in a gloom which can be felt. Had the voice
of the Almighty, speaking to us from above, de-
clared of that night, " Let darkness seize upon
it," we should hardly have expected more calam-
itous results.
The history of this act and its progress through
] | Congress is most extraordinary—it has no par-
' allel in the annals of our legislation. Intense
; excitement attended the discussion of the bill; its
principal feature was suddenly impressed upon
| it; it was uncalled for and unexpected by the
i people; very few were particularly favorable to it;
i many were indifferent; a large majority were op-
Ij posed to it—so large, indeed, that could numbers
have availed, that majority would have been over-
whelming.
All the evils, and more than all the evils, anti-
cipated from this law, have quickly followed in
.1 their train of its enactment. The peaceful and
; natural expansion of our population is among the
! [ wonders of the day. ' The grand procession of
l our people following the star of empire in its
! course westward, but pauses in its triumphal
' career to expand into new political communities;
;' and new Territories, and new States, spring into
existence.
Not so has been the settlement of Kansas. The
Territory has filled up rapidly with settlers; but
it has scarcely from the first been a peaceful set-
tlement. Large bodies of men have been assem-
bled in arms in and around the Territory; towtis
have been fortified, and put in a state of defense
as against hostile invading forces; armed men in
large numbers have come into the Territory from
abroad on election days, and unlawfully exercised
the right to vote, and prevented peaceable citizens
from voting; flagrant breaches of theMublicpeace
have been frequent; unprovoked and cruel mur-
ders have been with impunity repeatedly commit-
, ted; life, liberty, and property nave been more
exposed to peril and destruction than in any other
| portion of our country; the most shameftil out-
rages have been perpetrated in the sacred name
| of law; the hum of peaceful industry, and the
cheerful sounds of the tools of the artisan, are
I silenced by the hurried tread of armed peace-
j breakers, marauders, and murderers; the shouts
! of lawless and infuriated mobs are mingled with
the roar of artillery and the crash of falling hab-
| itations; the sword and desolating fire are passing
1 over the Territory; and now,in the second spring-
[ time of its territorial 'existence, the happy soil,
| instead of receiving seed into its bosom from the
! hands of the husbandman, is daily moistened
by the blood of brothers shed by brothers' hAnds.
The reality of those horrible scenes of savage
warfare, so glowingly pictured by the hand of
Fisher Ames in his speech on the British treaty,
is now witnessed in the ill-fated Territory of Kan-
sas. Not savages, but our own citizens, are the
shameless and wicked aetors.
We are told, Mr. President, that the accounts
received from Kansas are exaggerated. This is
doubtless true; but it should not be forgotten that
though we may get exaggerated, or even false
accounts of transactions in Kansas, there are
many most foul and horrible deeds done there,
of which we have heard, and probably shall hear,
nothing—not half the whole truth has yet been
told.
The cries which come forth from Kansas are
sometimes stigmatized as " shrieks for freedom."
It seems to me a most significant omen when
shrieks for freedom afford a subject of sneer in
the free republic of the United States of America.
How long, Mr. President, is it that shrieks for
freedom have been discordant to American ears ?
When Patrick Henry shrieked forfreedom in the
House of Delegates of Virginia, and when Samuel
Adams answered back from Faneuil Hall, in
Massachusetts, there were indeed sneers at these
shrieks for freedom in the British House of
Peers. It was there remarked that the Amer-
icans might sit talking about their natural rights,
their divine rights, and such stuff, but the Minis-
try would send over a few regiments of grena-
diers to aid them in theirconsultations. " Shrieks
for freedom," Mr. President, are said to be dis-
cordant to the ear of the present ruler of France;
and because they are discordant to his ear, the
