1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
Monday of December next, and we shall find the j
country and the Constitution then just as safe as
they are now. What will happen, will be simply '
this: You, the Senate, will go down before the j
people on the issue which you have made with ;
the House of Representatives. That issue will
be tried. If the two Houses, after hearing the
popular verdict, shall be unable to agree when
they come together at the next session in Decem-
ber, take my word for it, they will certainly agree
at the first session of the newly-elected Congress
afterwards.
Now, sir, this is just what the Constitution
contemplates, and what Congresses are made for.
They are not made to agree always. The two
Houses must agree, when they can agree in prin-
ciple. They must differ, when the flames of
truth that burn in their consciences give out lights
of differing hues. The conflict in such cases is
necessarily inconvenient; but it is temporary,
and is necessary to the true ascertainment and
establishment of truth. In such occasional con-
flicts dwells the safety, not the danger, of the
Republic—the safety, not the peril, of the Union.
On the contrary, danger to both will be found
the most serious, and the most imminent, when
the three main departments of the Government—
the Senate, the House of Representatives, and
the President—shall unite ana concur in estab-
lishing, by force, revolution, and usurpation, sla-
very in the Territories of the United States.
When that shall happen, then look out for the
safety of the States, the pillars of the Union, and
for the liberties that dwell in that noblest of all
edifices raised by human hands.
Thus, sir, I have explained the reasons for my
adherence now to my former course, without
having repeated all the arguments which I deliv-
ered on a former occasion, when that course was
adopted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, the Senator
from New Yoik [Mr. Seward] who has just j
taken his seat has made himself merry over the j
prospect of the defeat of the appropriation bill j
for the Army. I have never seen him so exult- j
ant and jubilant since he has been a member of I
this body as on the occasion of what he considers
to be the great triumph which he hopes to achieve |
Hi paralyzing at least one of the departments pf |
the Government. He has referred to the evils j
and the mischievous and unfortunate conse- j
quences which may result, and he has made them ;
the subject of ridicule, and of laughter, and of |
mirth. I confess that I listened to him with no ;
pleasure when I heard him discussing the ques- j
tion in that mood. I confess that I am not able
to sympathize with the tone of feeling which
makes him so exultant in the prospect of such
consequences.
That mischiefs must result from the defeat of the
genera! appropriation bill for the Army is a fact
to which no one for a moment can close his eyes.
That it must have a deranging and disorganizing
effect on all the operations of that department of
the Government, if it does not entirely paralyze
them, is certainly true. That it must bring suf-
fering and distress to a very large portion of the
people of the United States, is admitted by all.
That it must bring discredit upon this country
abroad, in the eyes of the whole civilized world,
?io one can question. Why, then, should this be
a subject of rejoicing? Sir, the history of the
worid shows that whenever an attempt has been
made to overthrow any Government, good or
bad, the first step has been to cripple and destroy
the Army. Revolutionists at all times—men bent
on the destruction of their Government, no mat-
ter by what purpose animated, or what cause they
allege to justify themselves, first attempt t<^ de-
stroy the regular force of the country. I have no
sympathy in this movement—have never admired
that complacency which can rejoice in public mis-
fortunes, since I read the story of JNero, who
could make himself merry and fiddle while Koine
was burning! ,
Sir, circumstances have begun to develop them-
selves which enable us now to see the whole
scheme which has been plotted and arranged, and
is now being executed. The first part of the
scheme was to defeat the appropriations foi the
Territory of Kansas, and, if possible, toparalyze
the civil government there. The next was to or-
ganize a body of armed desperadoes to invade
Kansas for the purpose of getting up a civil war.
The political party with which the Senator from
New York is identified, and of which it may be
said he is the chief, in a convention at Buffalo,
agreed to raise $1(10,000 a month to employ men,
and supply,arm, and equip them, to invade Kan-
sas, for the purpose of making war upon the law-
and-order men there. They have had their men
hovering on the western boundary of Iowa for
weeks, waiting for the adjournment of Congress,
and for the telegraphic dispatch to reach them
announcingthat the Army bill had been defeated,
so that the war could commence. You kept your
forces there, first, to control the election in Iowa
by fraudulent and illegal votes, and then to be
marched across the river to murder the inhabit-
ants and burn the towns in Kansas. Your men
were kept there for that purpose, receiving tele-
graphic information from their leaders here, and
the moment they were informed that the Army
bill had been defeated, the civil war instantly com-
menced in Kansas. Houses were burned, build-
ings destroyed, a post office consumed, innocent
inhabitants shot down in cold blood, without the
slightest pretext or provocation.
For weeks previous to that time — yes, for
months previous — there had been peace, quiet,
and order in Kansas, There was no disturbance
there. The people were happy in the security
that surrounded them, and there would never
have been another telegraphic dispatch or com-
munication conveying the sad intelligence of
bloodshed and murder if Lane had not been sent i
there by the Free-Soil party to get up civil war
as a party movement. The facts of the case are
too clear to allow any man to deny them; and
there is no one of you who does not rejoice when
the news of anewconfiagrationor of a new murder
reaches you. It is notorious to every man in
Washington that if you see the Pree-Soilcrs with
! their eyes glistening, and congratulating each
j other, it is when they have heard of murder, of
! robbery, of larceny, of house-burning in Kansas
; by their agents for political effect. This is apart
[ of the political campaign. I confess that it is a
I sad spectacle to behold; it is a mournful thought
| that the blood of innocent men can be shed, for
party purposes, in pursuance of caucus arrange-
ments, in order to control the presidential elec-
tion; yet the fact is Loo glaring for any man to
deny or doubt it. This invasion of Kansas is
unprovoked; the murders are of the most barba- i
rous and cruel character; the Territory is being
ravaged for the purpose of compelling citizens
there to rally in their defense and bring on a
pitched battle, in older that you may show some
of your own men as martyrs sacrificed to free-
dom 1
Your daily prayers and nightly invocations are
that a battle may take place, in which some men
from the North may be murdered, that you may
play the part of Mark Antony over the dead j
Csesars. If a pro-slavery man is killed, it is a |
glorious triumph in your estimation. If a Free- j
Soiler is killed, it is so much political capital for ]
the stump, and for the newspapers. It is on such
an issue that the Senator from Massachusetts
challenges and dares us to go before the country.
Sir, it is an issue from which every feeling of my
heart recoils. The idea that blood shall be spilled
and murders perpetrated for political effect, is
revolting to every sentiment of humanity. Yet, I
sir, if it must be so, let us carry this issue to the
country, and charge these crimes oil the heads of j
the men in this city who get them up, and the |
party who sustains them. Sir, in myjieart I be-
, lieve that every drop of blood shed in Kansas rests i
'! upon the souls of the leaders of that political party >
; which is organizing this civil war with a view to
the presidential election. If they can rejoice in
the prospect of consummating their plan of the
campaign, their feelings are very different from
mine.
What is the excuse for all of this organization
j of military force, this invasion of a peaceable
]■ people, this burning of houses and murdering of
II citizens ? The excuse is, that certain laws, which .
; ■ have been read to the Senate several times to-day,
! and on many previous occasions also, are cruel
'! and tyrannical, inhuman and barbarous. That
'i is the only ex-cuse which is offered for all this
■| crime. You say that vou are not willing to allow
'! the President o'f the United States to use the raili-
i, tary force for the enforcement of these barbarous
M laws. When did he ever propose to use it for
that purpose ? When has he ever used it to en-
force one of them ? You know very weli that up
to this hour no one prosecution has ever arisen
under any one of those laws of which you com-
plain. By common and universal consent in
Kansas these laws remain unexecuted, and no
mortal man has ever made a complaint to a court
of justice, so far as I can learn, for a writ or pro-
cess for a violation of any one of those obnox-
ious laws. You know that they have never been
executed. You know that the very officers of
whom you complain in Kansas do not pretend to
enforce them. Hence you have no right to sup-
pose, and I undertake to say you do not believe,
that these particular laws are to be enforced by
this appropriation; and, therefore, the excuse
which you give for the defeat of the Army ap-
propriation hill is not sustained by the facts. It
is a mere pretext, and has no foundation in truth.
Whenever I find a man saying to me on the
stump that his vote against the Army bill was in
order to prevent the President from enforcing
those particular obnoxious laws, I shall say to
him that he knows that pretext is not true; that
there is not an honest man living who does not
know that it is a mere excuse. You know that
the appropriation bill is not for the enforcement
of those particular laws You have been told
before, time and time again, that no one of those
laws has been enforced, no one of their penalties
has been inflicted, no case of the kind has ever
arisen; yet, when one of you rise to make a
speech to excuse the crime of stopping the wheels
of Government and producing civil war in the
Territory of Kansas, you cite these very laws
which nobody pretends to enforce. Whenever
men are driven to give a false reason for their per-
sister.t*action, it shows that there is a true reason
which decency or patriotism does not allow them
to avow.
I show that the pretense in regard to thesa
laws is a false reason, and the inference is that
there is a different one which impels their action;
and why not avow the true one, if coi>sistent
with honor, with duty, with patriotism ? I am
constrained to believe that, if there were no pres-
idential election approaching, there would be
entire quiet and peace in Kansas. I am con-
strained to believe that each crime committed
there recently, has been done by the orders of a
political organization. I am constrained to be-
lieve that Lane is the regularly appointed agent
and commander for that purpose, and that this is
not to cease until after the piesidential election.
When that election is over, if the Constitution
triumphs, as I believe it will, there will be peace
in Kansas; for there will be no motive, for any
political party to spend money to fit out bands of
marauders and desperadoes to get up civil war.
Mr. WILSON. Order will reign in Warsaw
then.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Order will reign in Warsaw,
the Senator says All these cant phrases are used
for the purpose of concealing a design. None of
you will pretend that these obnoxious laws, to
which you refer so often, have been the cause of
the disorders and disturbances which have oc-
curred in Kansas.
Again: is it really true that you are anxious
to get rid of these obnoxious laws? If it were
true, with your organized majority in the other
House, sufficiently numerous and well trained to
defeat the appropriation bills and stop the wheels
of Government, could you not have passed a bill
to repeal the obnoxious laws? You have not
dared to pass a bill to repeal them for fear the
Senate would concur, and thus destroy your po-
litical capital.
Mr. WADE. The House of Representatives
did pass a bill, and sent it here, repealing those
very laws, and the Senate has never touched it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. What bill?
Mr. WADE. It is called Dunn's bill. You
commented on it before.
Mr DOUGLAS. I am much obliged to the
Senator for calling my attention to it. He will, I
suppose, be frank enough to withdraw a ]>art of
this statement. I say 1 did touch Dunn s bill,
and not very lightly. I made a report upon it,
and I made a speech upon it, and I showed the
character of that bill. Now, 1 will tell the Sen-
ator from Ohio, that I showed that that bill does
| not repeal one of those laws, unless it may be by
1 the general declaration of rights; but, on the con-
