im
THE CON<*RES^ONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
<Ntfw, iet any man take *th<*se two notes—their
declaration and my counter-declaration—and then
sfee'liowf&r they justify the unqualified assertion
the speech of the Earl of Clarendon in the
British House of Lo*ds, that the British plenipo-
tentiary "made-a stringent proviso, which was
acknowledged -by Mr. Clayton, that the treaty
should not touch Honduras, or affect any of its
dependencies." But, sir, I do not propose to
discuss this subject. I hare, on a former occa-
sion, fully shown that the declarations of the
negotiators, at the time of the exchange, were
understood on both sides m not in any degree
altering or affecting the construction of the treaty,
and that no one knew better than the able Minister
©f Great Britain; because he was by me distinctly
apprised of it -at the time, that, if fus declaration
•was intended to effect any such purpose, it was
of no avail without the consent of the Senate,
which he did not desire should be obtained or
asked for.
Mr. CASS. If the Senate will hear me for a
jftoment, I wish to say a word or two on the mat-
ter mentioned by the honorable Senator from Bel-
aware. I read with -great amazement the state-
ment made by Lord Clarendon, and I brought it
irich me this morning to submit it to the Senate
©fi'fjome proper occasion. I did not intend to
introduce it, out the honorable Senator from Del-
aware has introduced it, and I shall now, in addi-
tion to what he has said, ask the attention of the
Senate for a very short time.
The Senator has correctly stated what we all
know, and what has l>een reiterated here time and
again, that this treaty contained a provision that
neither party should occupy any part of Central
America. That was the stipulation—the object,
indeed, of the convention.
Now, every Englishman, from one end of the
fend to the other, thinks that that engagement
docs not" moan occupation at all, but means ac-
quisition-, that when England says in a treaty
with us she will not occupy any part of Central
America, she *ieans thatshe will hold on to what
she has got,but will not acquire anymore. Such
is the universal opinion of the treaty in that coun-
try^rising out of the pretension, so strenuously
urged, that it is prospective in its operation. So
It is like all other treaties, that is, it operates on
the future, and not on the past. As soon as it
was ratified its obligations commenced, and
neither could do an act, or leave one undone, re-
quired 01 prohibited by it, under the pretense
tnut it did not apply to the state, of things then
existing.
I do not know that there is a public man in Eng-
land—f do not think one man has stood up in ttie
House of Lords or Commons and disavowed this
construction. I bold in my hand a very liberal
paper called the Economist, certainly without any
unfriendly feelings to us, buton this point it is as
decided as Lord Clarendon. This is what it says:
" We sinooiely behove that, us the differences of gpm-
Jon regarding the construction of the Clayton-Bulvver
treaty be<ran with Mr. Buchanan, it will be found that
with his departure from England they have practically van-
ished. No doubt Mr. Buchanan always wrote in the name
of the President of the United States, and might, therefore,
be foirly supposed ro express the views of his Government;
but it is neveithHess admitted by those best acquainted
With the opinions of Mr. Marry, the Secretary of State,
that he not only never identified himself with the disputes
valscd by Mi. Buchanan, but even did not hesitate, when
opportunity occurred, to intimate that that was rather Mr.
Buchanan's question than his; and this we are disposed
to think may account for the fact that, since Mr. Buchan-
an's departure from England was decided upon, no further
step has been taken by the American Government, even at
tbe risk of being charged with a want of ordinary courtesy
to a friendly State, by omitting to reply to an important
communication.
" That such should have been the views of Mr. Marcy,
igQ one who has read the correspondence as Jaid before
Parliament will be surprised ; for if there be one thing more
«lear than another, it is that the concessions sought to be
exacted by Mr. Buchanan by his interpretation of the treaty,
had never so much as entered into the heads of the nego-
tiators who signed it."
As to Mr. Marcy, this dogmatic assertion, or
rather conclusion, is purely farcical; for the whole
country knows, to reverse the expression, that
it never entered into his head that any other in-
terpretation than that occupation meant occupa-
tion, and not acquisition, had entered into the
heads of the negotiators.
Here is one of the most liberal papers in Eng-
land saying, that our construction, namely: that
"occupation," as the honorable Senator from
Delaware says, correctly means " possession,*'
never entered into the head of a man in this
country until Mr. Buchanan went to England !
It is a species of national monomania which I
should be astonished to find in any other country
in the world.
if Mr. Buchanan was the first to teach his
countrymen their rights under that treaty, it was
another good act for which he deserves their
confidence; but, from the moment the treaty was
promulgated, there was not an American who
thought of any other construction but the true
one, and it would not have £©t a vote in-the Sen-
ate under any otherimpression.
This treaty provides in its terms that Central
America shall not be occupied by either party.
We all know it was sent back from England to
Mr. Bulwer, with instructions not to exchange
the ratifications unless accompanied with a dec-
laration that its provisions did not include the
British possessions at the Belize and its depend-
encies. Now, I desire to know what need there
was of such an exemption, if the terms of the
treaty did not include these possessions ? and how
coula they include them, if this new-fangled in-
terpretation is the true one, that the treaty only
operated upon the future to prevent the occupa-
tion of future acquisitions; or, in other words, to
prevent the acquisition of new territory? And
this declaration was made, and then the ratifica-
tions were exchanged. 1 should like to have
Lord Clarendon, or any other man, tell me how
he reconciles his pretensions now with the course
of the British Government. That Government
then thought that the terms of the treaty embraced
these possessions, and secured their exemption
by a special act. Now, the treaty did not touch
them at all, for it operated only on the future,
and they would thus have been protected without
any additional act. It is difficult to find in the
whole history of national intercourse an example
of similar inconsistency, not indeed to call it by
a harsher, but as true an epithet.
But this is not all to show that the construction
now contended for by the British Government
was then even thought of.
Three years after the formation of this treaty,
Lord Clarendon sent to Mr. Crampton, to be laid
before our Government, the copy of a letter dated
April 15, 1853, from the British Advocate Gen-
eral, a high law officer, consulted by the Govern-
ment in cases involving international law points.
In that letter is the following paragraph:
'' I understand Mr. Clayton, also, to assert that, by the
treaty, Great Btitnin 1 has. abandoned all dominion m the
whole of Cential America,J winch asseition is, in my opin-
ion, incorrect and at variance with the fact, at least as re-
gards Belize and its dependencies, if, indeed, this exception
was not intended by him."
Now, sir, the Judge Advocate, in considering
the question whether his Government " has
abandoned all dominion m the whole of Central
America," says, in his opinion it is inconsistent
with the fact, so far as respects Belize and its
dependencies, which are the very possessions
excepted by the declaration or rider, and which
he evidently considers, by his allusion to Mr.
Clayton, as the tenure by which Great Britain
holds those possessions, lie claimed no exemp-
tion on this prospective ground.
But, sir, we have the testimony of Lord Clar-
endon himself to our construction of the treaty.
In a letter, dated May 27,1853, to Mr. Cramp-
ton, he says:
" But Great Britain has nowhere, in the treaty of April,
18o0, renounced, nor ever had any intention to renounce,
the full and absolute right which &he possesses over her
own lawful territories in Central America, such as their
designation was distinctly understood and declared by the
negotiators of the treaty."
Here is Lord Clarendon's own declaration made
years ago, in which he claims that the lawful
territories of Great Britain in Central America
include only such as that designation was de-
clared by the negotiators. Now, I defy him or
any other man to find one word in that treaty
designating the British possessions in Central
America; and the only reference to it is found in
the rider or declaration accompanying the ratifi-
cation. In that, the negotiators declared " that
the Belize and its dependencies were exempted
from the treaty." And Lord Clarendon, in this
letter, claims to hold those possessions, not by
virtue of any prospective construction, but by
virtue of this express declaration.
Lord Clarendon has now discovered that Mr.
Buchanan was the firstto announce that the terms
of the treaty took effect fopm the ratification, and
were to operate upon ev^ything included within
the words of the treaty, and not specially ex-
empted. When he expressed this astonishment
he must have forgotten his Government and him-
self had previously put the natural interpretation
upon the treaty as we did. I read, with surprise,
this account of the debate in the House of Peers,
in which he said:
" When Mr. Buchanan came over to this country, we
heard for the first time that there was an entirely new in-*
terpretation to be put upon the treaty. It was no longer to
be looked upon as a prospecuve arrangement, but one for
the evacuation of British territory, arid we wore told that
we were to blame, and were the cause—I will notsay of#
quarrel between the two countries, but of irritation and
eomplaint on the part of the United States, because we'hod
not fulfilled the engagements of the treaty by evacuating nil
the territory we possessed in Central America. I told Mr.
Buchanan—what was the perfect truth—that that was the
first time I had heard such an interpretation put upon the
treaty. He replied that in his country there was no-doubt
upon the subject."
Now, sir, listen to Mr. Buchanan. In his letter
to Mr. Marcy, dated January 10, 1854, he says:
After that we had a discursive and rambling
conversation, embracing the Roatan and Belize
questions, and Clayton and Bulwer treaty, and
several other matters which I do not propose to
detail. In the course of it he stated distinctly
that this treaty was,in their opinion, entirely pros-
pective in its operation, and did not require them
to abandon any of their possessions m Central
America. At this I expressed my astonishment,
and we discussed the point in an earnest but good-
natured manner."
However surprised Lord Clarendon may have
been, I have no doubt but Mr. Buchanan will be
much more so, both at the declaration itself, and
at the strange inconsistency of which it is the
proof.
But, sir, besides the two grounds for holding
possessions in Central America—the declaration
of the negotiators and the prospective nature of
the treaty—Lord Clarendon has more recently
discovered another, by which his Government is
justified in holding on, showing conclusively that
they are determined to adhere to their claim,
while they will not be found wanting in reasons
to offer for it. In Lord Clarendon's letter to Mr.
Buchanan, dated September 28,1855,after main-
taming that the treaty did not " interfere with the
state of things existing at the time of its conclu-
sion," he says:
" If it had been intended to do so, [that is, give up their
possession,] there can be no question but that, m conform-
ity with what the undersigned believes to be the universal
rule m regard to instruments of this nature, it would have
contained, in specific terms, a renunciation, on the part of
Great Britain, of the possessions and rights which, up to the
conclusion of the convention, she had claimed to maintain,
and s-uch renunciation would not have been left as a mere
matter of inference."
I know nothing of any such rule. Lord Clar-
endon, in the enunciation of it, is his own expos-
itor of the law of nations, and I reject the
authority. The rule with honest men and with
honest nations is, that if they enter into astipu-
lation to do an act, or not to do one, they are to
conduct themselves accordingly, without trying
to get rid of their engagements by saying I did
not undertake to do something else. A poor code
of ethics, this, for the foreign affairs of a nation.
I was pleased the other day at the gentle (gen-
teel, I might say) hint to France and England
which the President gave in his message, on the
subject of acquisition of territory. The Govern-
ments of both of those countries, and especially
of England, have been a good deal exercised at
our grasping propensity; and the English jour-
nals see, in the recognition of the existing Gov-
ernment of Nicaragua, another proof of our
extension. They are almost disposed to make it
a question of war; and yet, sir, it was but in con-
formity with the principle upon which we have
acted since the time of General Washington, and
which guided him, as shown not only by his pro-
ceedings, but by his declaration made to Mr.
Adet, the French Minister. This principle is, to
recognize every de facto Government which is
recognized in its own country. By virtue of this
rule, Mr. Rush was justified in his recognition of
the new Government in France after the overthrow
of Louis Philippe. The President might well
remind both Fny>ce and England of their love
of acquisition, and of their continued practice of
it; the Empire of the one approaching the great
