1856.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
689
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Foster.
Senate.
grant Aid Society, nor the course which has been
pursued in inducing emigrants to depart from the
eastern or northern States to the Territory of
Kansas, chargeable with the evils which are now
found to exist in that Territory. The causes, as
it seems to me, lie deeper than matters so super-
ficial as these; for, suppose the Emigrant Aid
Society, and the attempts, if any have been made,
to stimulate emigration to Kansas had succeeded
in inducing men to go to the Territory who would
not otherwise have gone: are not the men who
go of the very class who would have gone but for
any efforts of this kind ? If men needed to be
stimulated in this way to go, are they not men
certainly less enthusiastic, less violent in their
opinions and notions, than those who would go
of their own accotd without any aid? Must it
not be in the nature of things that the men who
required these aids to go have not the same degree
of energy in this cause to make Kansas a free
State that those have who go without any aid ?
I submit that the probability greatly is, that if
there have been troublesome men in Kansas—
men who have gone there with bad purposes,
and who behaved badly after they got there—
they were men who did not wait for the aid of
anybody, but went on their own account. I am
by no means prepared to admit that such has
been the case; but all such men certainly have
not needed the aid of any emigrant aid societies.
The cause, I say, lies much deeper; it lies in
this—that the opinions, the views, the principles,
the notions of the men in the Territory are
antagonistic to each other. It has nothing to do
with the manner in which they got there. The
antagonism is on the subject of slavery. One
party is in favor of making the Territory and the
State free. The other party is in favor of having
it a slave Territory and a slave State. It is these
two antagonistic principles which make the diffi-
culty in Kansas. There is the trouble.
To take a step further back, in order to ascer-
tain what has Deen the cause of bringing free-
dom and slavery thus into antagonism in this
Territory, we have but to turn back a single page
in our political history, to see what has been
done in Congress, to open this question, which
had previously not been an open question in that
Territory. The cause was the repeal, in the act
organizing the Territory, of that part of the
statute called the Missouri compromise, which
fixed the line of slavery at 36° 30'. The repeal
of that line leaving the whole matter, as it has
been claimed, open, has been the fruitful source
of all the evils which have come upon us.
This answers the first question which I have
suggested, namely, the cause of the evils now
being suffered in the Territory of Kansas. Having
got at the cause, we are, as it seems to me, con-
siderably advanced toward finding the remedy.
The most natural, the most statesmanlike rem-
edy for political as well as for all other evils, is
•to remove the cause; take away the cause, and
the evil, we may surely believe, will cease.
There have been other remedies proposed. The
remedy proposed by the report of the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories is to admit.
Kansas as a State when she shall have the requi-
site population to entitle her to a Representative
in Congress. I submit that that is no remedy
at all for existing evils; because, as things are
now going on in that Territory, there is far
greater probability that the Territory will de-
crease rather than increase in population. There
were more inhabitants in that Territory a month
ago than there are now; and if things continqe
as they are now going on, there are more there
now than will be there a month hence. Instead
of an increase, the country will be in danger of
being wholly desolated of inhabitants, and of any
evidence that inhabitants have been there except
laddering ruins.
Another bill, which meets the exigencies of the
case, certainly, and which would give, as it seems
to me, manifestly peace to Kansas, is the bill of
the honorable Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] to admit Kansas as a State on the con-
stitution which has here been presented. I could
cheerfully give my vote for that bill, although I j
* confess there are certain things connected with
the admission of Kansas as a State at the present
time which would make its admission objection-1
able, but for the remarkable circumstances sur-
rounding the transaction.
Other bills have been introduced; one by the
honorable Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clay-
ton,] another by the honorable Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] another by the honor-
able Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Geyer,] all
! having, I must say, some, perhaps much, merit;
but not, as it seems to me, exactly meeting the
exigencies of the case. The remedy which ap-
pears lo me more perfect, more direct, more sim-1
pie than all, is to repeal that part of the act or- !
ganizing the Territory of Kansas which blotted |
out the Missouri compromise line, and restore
things to what they were before that most unfor-
tunate act was passed.
I am aware, sir, that it may be considered quite
! hopeless in this body, at the present time, to make
i a suggestion of this kind. A majority of the Senate
j entertains.no doubt, an opinion quite the reverse i
; of that which I have suggested. It may be, I am j
bou^| to believe,as the wisdom is supposed to be I
withxne majority, that I am wrong, and that they j
areright;butlsuggest,withalldeference,whether,
if all the consequences which have flowed out of j
the repeal of the Missouri line had been foreseen,
or even but a portion of the evils had been fore-
seen, gentlemen who voted for it would all have
persisted in pressing that bill through? Would
they not, at least, have hesitated ? Would they
not, at least, have said " certainly, evils of this
sort are almost too grave to be encountered?"
And would it not have been considered the part
of wisdom, the part of statesmanship, the part of
patriotism, to pause, at least for a time, before
plucking down upon our unfortunate Territory of
Kansas all those evils?
If there are any Senators who would, under
those circumstances, have hesitated, I ask, why
not retrace a wrong—or, if not a wrong, an inex-
pedient step that has been taken ? I do not ask the
gentlemen who compose the majority to say they
have done wrong. I am bound to suppose they
believed they were doing right, and still believe
the act itself was right. But, Mr. President, it is
not always expedient to do what may be right.
It is never expedient to do wrong; but it mani-
festly may be inexpedient, at some times, to do
right. We may, at least, postpone the doing of
it to a season which shall be more fitting ^d
more appropriate.
The chairman of the Committee on Territories
[Mr. Douglas] no doubt has great influence in
this body, and in this country. It is not my good
fortune to be on such terms of intimacy with him,
to be bound to him by such party ties, that I
might with propriety make an appeal to him per-
sonally on this subjefct; but if I were so related
to that gentleman that I might, without being
considered officious—if I were so situated in regard
to him that he should have no suspicion what-
ever but that I held his name and fame as dear
as my own, and had no desire that he should take
any step, or do any act which should in any
manner compromise his name or fame, I would
make a personal appeal to him to bring in a bill
to. repeal that part of the act organizing the Ter-
ritories of Kansas and Nebraska to which I have
alluded. And, sir,unless I am greatly deceived,
and unless I look to the future without any appre-
ciation at all, of how that future will be when it
comes, and what the judgment of posterity will
be upon this act, he can by no possibility place
himself in so proud a position on the page of
history, as he would place himself by following j
the suggestion which 1 have made. There is no
way in which he could tread the path to glory i
more surely or more certainly; for it would not !
be the poor triumph of subduing others, it would i
be a triumph over one's self, showing that true ]
greatness—which very few men, I agree, ever do j
show—an (pility to retrace a step taken in a !
wrong direction, and put themselves right when
they find themselves in the wrong.
Mr. President, the discussion of this Kansas
question is so wrapped up in the question of sla-
vey as to render it impossible to discuss it singly
and alone. [ would willingly pass the slavery
question by, but it so thrusts and protrudes itself
into this discussion that it would betray ap un-
manly weakness not to look it calmly in the face.
As I see it, so I shall speak of it. I shall speak
freely, as it is befitting ft member of this body,
in this place, and in this preserve, to speak; it is
far from my purpose to speak offensively, and I
trust I shall not do so.
As to slavery as it exists in the States of this
Union, my views can be expressed in very few
•words.
The General Government has no power what-
ever over the subject; it is in no sense responsible
for-its existence or its continuance, and cannot,
either lawfully or properly, directly or indirectly,
intermeddle at all with it.
What is thus true of the General Government
is equally true of all the State governments within
whose limits slavery is not in existence; and is
also equally true of all the people of all those
States. Being without power, they are relieved
from all responsibility; and where there is no
power, and no responsibility, there ought to be
no intermeddling.
I add in this connection, that all remarks and
appeals of an angry, violent, and denunciatory
character, upon the subject of slavery in the
States, proceeding from citizens of other States,
must, from the nature of things, be productive
of little good and much evil; and had, therefore,
in my judgment, better be omitted.
And I add yet further, that remarks on this
subject from the same sources, though of an op-
posite character and temper, are not always pro-
ductive of the happiest results. Eulogies and
laudations of the>system of slavery from those
outside the sphere of its so-called blessings, are
sometimes very suspiciously received by those
immediately interested. An inquisitive stare,
which in words would ask, " does the gentleman
want southern votes ?" is not a very remarkable
answer to this class of communications; and as
southern gentleman indulge occasionally in classic
allusions, it will, I think, have scarcely escaped
the notice of the close observer, that to these
same communications, received notunfrequently
with averted face, there is on their lips as a reply
the familiar words— ,
Nort tali auxilio, nec defentoribus isiis,
Tempus eget.
Of my views, then, Mr. President, on the sub-
ject of slavery in the States, this is the sum:
Neither the General Government, nor the State
governments without slavery, nor the people of
those States, have any power whatever over the
subject, and are therefore free from all responsi-
bility respecting it. They should let it alone;
leave it to those States where it exists, who alone
have power over it; leave it to them, and to God
who rules over all, who will one day call master
and slave alike to answer before him.
I come now to speak of slavery in the Terri-
tories, and that presents a totally different ques-
tion from slavery in the States. While it is no
doubt true, as we hav% seen, that the General
Government has nothing whatever to do with the
j one, it is no less true that it has everything to do
with the other.
This, claim, however, is stoutly denied, and
various theories contradictory to it are adopted.
And perhaps as prominent over and above all
other theories, comes what is called the " Prin-
ciple of the Nebraska and Kansas bill."
For more than two years past, Mr. President,
the " principle of the Nebraska and Kansas bill,"
" the great principls of the Nebraska and Kan-
sas bill," has been dinned in the public ear all
over this country. What is this great principle .'
I intend to search for it. I go to what I suppose
to be very high authority—I ought perhaps to
say the highest, but on this subject it might not
be becoming in me to fix the standard; I go to
the President of the United States. In his mes-
sage of the 24th of January last, he says:
" The act to organize the Territories of Nebraska and
Kansas was a manifestation of the legislative opinion of
Congress on two great points of constitutional construc-
tion: one, that the designation of the boundaries of a new
Territory, and provision for its political organization and
administration as a Territory, are measures which, of
right, fall within the powers of the General Government;
and the other, that the inhabitants of any such Territory,
considered as an Inchoate State, are entitled, in the exer-
cise of self government, to determine for themselves what
shall be their own domestic institutions, subject only to the
Constitution and the laws duly enacted by Congress under
it, and to the power of the existing States to decide, accord-
ing to the provisions and principles of the Constitution, at
what time the Territory shall b« received a* a State into
