1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
these darling laws, which you hug to your hearts
so dearly, in order to use them for political effect,
you wish to get rid of the Army in order to get
up a civil war on account of these very laws which
you thus leave in force. Why did you thus
limit the power of the Army at the same time that
you recognized the laws as being in force, and
authorized the Governorand judges to carry them
into effect! Jf the Governor and judges aid not
attempt to execute the laws, perhaps you would
not have had any pretext for getting up civil war.
In order to make this scheme complete, it was
necessary to make it the duty of the civil officers
to carry the laws into effect, and then prohibit
the President from aiding the civil authorities,
and then march an army of your, own into the
Territory, under your own leaders;and thus you
get up a civil war m which blood can flow, and
flames can rage, and the country can be laid
waste, and you will have victims who can answer
as " good enough. Morgans," at least until after
the election.
Mr. President, I repeat that I take no pleasure
in showing up a scheme of revolution so daring,
so reckless, so treasonable in Us purposes, as the
one which I have noticed here to-day. Each day
brings confirmatory news of the whole scheme—
an attempt to destroy a Government that you can-
not rule. _ It is a painful reflection that one of the
great political parties of the country allow pas-
sion, or prejudice, or ambition to urge them to an
extent that would destroy the very temple of lib-
erty m which we are assembled. I believe that
it is a question of union or disunion, depending
upon the protection of the Constitution of the
United States inviolable. I look upon it as a
contest rising in importance and magnitude far
above any other that this or any other country
has ever witnessed, because we have a party ar-
rayed against the Constitution 011 the one hand,
and a party upholding and sustaining the Consti-
tution and the Union of the country upon the
other. When the question shall be submitted to
the people, and fully understood, a rebuke will
be administered to these revolutionists more se-
vere, teiriblo, and overwhelming, than any which
any band of desperate men who combined to
sei~e and destroy the liberties of their country
ever received.
Mr. SEWARD and Mr. WILSON, with
others, rose; but the floor was awarded to Mr.
CLAY, who moved to lay the resolution on the
ta'.ik;.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The House of Represent-
atives have adjourned to meet to-morrow at ten
o'clock. I move that when the Senate adjourns
to-day, it be to meet at eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Several Senators. Say ten o'clock.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Eleven o'clock will do.
By that time I hope the committee of conference
w hich we have already appointed, will be ready
to report.
The motion whs ngreed to.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
WEDNnsmv, Jlugust 27, lSaG.
The House mot at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was rend and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order was the call of committees for reports.
DELAY IN TUB DOCUMENT ROOM.
Mr. GROW, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, cou-
sideied, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on Piiiitimr lie diiected to
inquire mto the cau>e ot the del sty in enveloping and folding
document-; in the fouling 100m of the Ilou^c, and to repoit
bj resolution 01 otlteiwiao.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. McQUEEN. I ask the consent of the
House to oiler the following resolution:
Wlieieas it i> manliest, from the state of parties m thw
IIou;-e anil me Senate 01 the I'ma d'c*{ate?>, that no Army
appiopnunon hill can he pa^ed this : Therefore,
Reuthed, (the Senate concurring) That the Speaker of
the House and the President ot'the Senate do adjourn
their respective Ilousi"*ot'thi! Congicssj$tned!e, onThuis-
day next, at four o'clock, p. m.
Mr. SNEED, and others, objected.
RETURN OF ABSENT MEMBERS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the consent of the
House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Speaker of this House, by his wan ant,
direct the Seisjeant-at-Aims to arrest, and bring to the bar
of the House of Repie.*entutives, all absent members,
except such as may be absent on account of ■sieknww of
themselves or family, and that he telegrapli this resolution
to each member where it can be done, arid that the ex-
penses incurred in eairyitis out this resolution in each case
be charged to the member so sent for and arrested, and
deducted, by the Sergeant-at-Anns, from his compensation.
Mr. MACE objected.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. NICHOLS. During the last session of
Congress the Committee on Printing were in-
structed to inquire into, and report to the House,
the amount expended in printing, binding, and
engraving, for each of the various Departments
of Government for the last four years; and, also,
as to the expediency of establishing a Govern-
ment printing office. An elaborate report has
been prepared, in response to these resolutions;
but it was not completed in time for presentation
at the last session. I now hold in my hand the
report of the committee upon that subject. It
calls for no action of the House; and I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to make the
report, and have it laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Do the committee report
in favor of establishing a Government printing
office ?
Mr. NICHOLS. No, sir; the report is ad-
verse.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Well, sir, there are
several papers before me which I also desire to
present, but objection has been made. I shall
therefore object to the reception of the report of
the gentleman from Ohio.
ASSAULT ON HON. MR. GRANGER.
Mr. NICHOLS. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to make the following report:
The JomtCommittee on Printing on the paitof the Ilou^c,
to whom was lefeired to inquire into the expediency of
punting ten thousand extra copies of the repoit-* and evi-
dence in the case of Simmons, tor and m behalf of (.ran-
ger. vs. McMullin, beg leave respectfully to repoit:
1. That, after diligent search, the committee can find no
such ease 011 the Calendar of the IIou^o.
Q. That the select committee on the pint of the Ifou^e
to investigate the alleged assault upon the Hon. Mr. Gran-
ger by the lion. Mr. AIcMullin, have f-ubnntU'd to the
House a majority and minority report, accompanied by cer-
tain evidence.
3. That the cost of printing said reports and evidence
will be four cents pei copy; and
4. The committee report the following resolution, and
1 recommend u> adoption :
I RcsolnuU Tii.it there be printed ten thousand copies of
the majoiny and minority icport of the said select commit-
tee, together with the evidence, for the use of the members
of the House.
Mr. MATTESON. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was then laid on the table.
LAND WARRANTS.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. The standing com-
mittees of the House having been called for j
reports of business lefcrred to them during the 1
present session, I desire now to report back from ,
the Committee on Public Lands, a petition re- |
fcrrcd to that committee on the 23d day of August, '
185G, with a bill founded upon the facts set forth ]
m the petition. |
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I coll for the reading j
of the petition. 1
The petition was read. It is the petition of j
W. R. W. Cobb, on behalf of the officers and :
soldiers, and the widows of officers find soldiers. '
of the various wars since praying that land |
warrants may be made receivable in payment for '
public lands at the rate of $] 25 p^r acre. i
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I submit that the !
Committee on Public Lands are not authorized j
to act upon that memorial. It purports to have j
been presented by a member of ihe House on ;
behalf of a Urge'number of the citizens of the ,
country. ]
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion, I
that upon the presentation of the rase as it now 1
stands, it is not competent for the gentknuui to
make the report^which he proposes to make. It
is not competent for a member of the House to
make a report upon a memorial presented by
himself.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Is it not in order for
the Committee on Public Lands to act upon such
!a memorial? The Committee on Public Lands
have acted upon the memorial, and have instructed
me to make the report.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I know nothing of
the nature of the bill; but I am opposed to legis-
lation at this session, and therefore present the
question of order.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. If it be the pleasure
of the House to abstain from all legislation, I
will withdraw the report which I have just sub-
mitted.
The SPEAKER. The papers will be returned
to the gentleman. The Chair has made no decis-
ion in the matter—only a suggestion.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SAPP, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the petition and papers of John
Reamer, in order that they may bo referred to the Com-
mittee on Pension?.
Mr. BRANCH. I wish to give notice that I
shall object to everything but the regular order
of business.
AMENDMENT OF THE GRADUATION ACT.
Mr. LINDLEY. I rise to submit a report
from the Committee on Public Lands. It is on
: a subject in reference to which many petitions
i have been sent to Congress. Bills have been in-
troduced, that the object of the petitioners may
be accomplished, and they have been referred to
the Committee on Public Lands. For want of
time they have not been acted on. There are
hundreds of persons interested—indeed the title
of settlers to their little farms depends on the
passage of such a bill as the one I' desire to re-
port. They are looking forward with anxiety to
its passage. There is, I believe, a large majority
in this House in favor of its passage. There is
not a member of this House who has not con-
stituents who are interested in it.
It is founded on a petition similar to the one
read at the request of the gentleman from Geor-
gia; but if there be 110 objection to the object of
the bill, I hope there will be no technical objec-
tion interposed, but that the bill will be allowed
to be reported, passed, and sent to the Senate.
Mr, COBB, of Georgia. The title of the bill
has not been reported. I have not heard a word
of the gentleman's explanation as to its charac-
ter; and I will say that my objection is not
founded on the merits of the bill. 1 object to
going into general legislation. Therefore, I sub-
mit the same point in reference to this that I sub-
mitted in reference to the report made by the
gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. LINDLEY. The title of the bill is as
follows: A bill to amend an actentitled, "An act
to graduate and reduce the price of the public
land to actual settlers and cultivators," approved
August 4, 1854.
Mr. LETCHER. 5 ask that the Clerk read
the resolution which was adopted yesterday, in
reference to memorials and other business before
the committees of this House.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That all bills, revolutions, and other matters:
referred to the standing committees of the House at the
fust session of thi- Congress, upon winch no reports have
been made, shall be returned informally to the Clerk, and
shall, by virtue ot this resolution, stand recommitted, at the
commencement of the next session, to said committees,
into whose possession the Clerk is hereby directed tore-
store them.
Mr. RUST. Who pi-esentcd the memorial
which is the foundation for the report?
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I did.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Mr. Speaker, under
the resolution just read, I have returned to the
Clerk bills which I was authorized to report. In
my judgment it is the duty of gentlemen, under
that resolution, to empty their drawers of all
pnpers, and to return them to the Clerk. They are
not now legally m their possession.
The SPEAKER. The resolution does not re-
fer to memorials referred at this session of Con-
gress. The Chair understands that it has been
tiic uniform practice, under similar resolutions,
for the committees to main the papers in their
