1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
have really nothing to do with the great question
before the country. I desire to rise above these
squabbles. Now, when a dangerous question
presents itself for solution, threatening civil war,
threatening the dissolution of this—our glorious
Union—in which the peace, the prosperity, and
the happiness of nearly thirty millions of people
are involved—in which republican institutions not
only here, but throughout the world, are at stake,
into what miserable insignificance do all these
petty, personal squabbles sink ? As patriots, and
as members of the American Senate, let us hope
that they may never again be dragged before us.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from New York to post-
pone the further consideration of this bill until
Wednesday next, and make it the special order
for one o'clock on that day.
Mr. STUART. After some consultation with
Senators, I propose to substitute Thursday.
Mr. SEWARD. I accept the amendment, and
modify my motion accordingly.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
OBSERVANCE OP GOOD FRIDAY.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senate should now
adjourn, what will be the condition of the defi-
ciency bill to-morrow? Will it not come up as
the first special order?
ThePR,ESIDENT. Being the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, it will be the first special order
to-morrow.
Mr. STUART. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. I trust we shall
meet to-morrow, and dispose of the deficicncy
bill. We ought to be getting forward with our
business.
Several Senators. We can pass that on
Monday.
Mr. HUNTER. We ought to do it to-mor-
row.
Mr. SEIDELL. I beg leave to state, that to-
morrow is a holy day, observed as such by the
great majority of the Christian world, and by two
very numerous and respectable sects in this coun-
try. Since the meeting of the present session of
Congress we have sat but once on Friday. I trust
that the offense of sitting 011 Good Friday will not
be given to so large a class of our citizens.
Mr". HUNTER. I think the public business
is in such a condition that we ought to devote as
much time as possible to it. 1 hope we shall not
adjourn over.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. As the Senate have agreed
to adjourn over till Monday, I trust we shall sit
for another hour, in order to dispose of the de-
ficiency bill. 1 think we can do it in that time.
[Oh no.]
On the motion of Mr. SEWARD, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 20, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was reports from standing committees.
PRIVATE CLAIM.
Mr. WALKER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roods, for the purpose
of reference only, a bill for the relief of W. M.
I'. McGraw, contractor for carrying the mail on
route No. 8911, from Independence, Missouri,
to Salt Lake City, Utah Territory. The report
of the committee is founded upon a memorial
submitted to this House, and referred to that
committee, by the contractor upon the Salt Lake
mail route No. 8911, and the committee simply
desire that the bill may be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, so that it may go^
upon the Private Calendar. It is a matter ot
urgent necessity, and should be acted upon at
once.
No objection being made, the bill was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, made the order of the day for
to-morrow, and, with the report, ordered to be
printed.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill,
' of which previous notice has been given, merely
for the purpose of reference, and that it may be
printed.
No objection being made, the bill was read a
first and second time by its title, as follows:
A bill to establish the collection districts of the
United States, and designating the ports of entry
and delivery in the same, and for other purposes.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is not usual,
when a bill is introduced and referred to a stand-
ing committee, to print it. This is a very large
bill; and the probability is, that the committee
will report back the same with amendments, and
then it will have to be printed again. 1 suggest
to theLgentleman from Maine, that he simply have
the bill referred to the committee, as is the uni-
versal practice here, and that it be ordered to be
printed when the committee report it back.
Mr. FULLER. I am usually inclined to adopt,
in all such matters, the suggestions of the gentle-
man from Tennessee; but I must differ with him
in this case. This is a very important bill; it has
undergone a very careful examination. There
are many amendments to it in manuscript; and
as it is so important a bill, affecting the interests
of the country so generally, and as it is desirable
that there should be many copies to facilitate its
examination, I have been induced to make the
motion to print, though out of the ordinary course.
There are reasons which exist in this case which
would not apply generally.
Mr. JONES. There can be no necessity, I
think, for that course to be pursued, as the bill
will have to be printed again, when the commit-
tee shall report it back; and I think it will be
wrong to depart from the established and universal
practice, as I believe, of the House in this partic-
ular. If the gentleman's motion to printis agreed
to, then, when it shall be printed again, we shall
have two printed bills before us, and that will get
up a confusion between the two bills in the minds
of members, as some of them will have one bill,
and some the other. It will rather confuse and
prejudice the investigation of that bill, and also
the consideration of it when we shall take it up
in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FULLER. I beg leave to differ with the
gentleman in reference to the effect of having two
printed bills. This bill has been carefully con-
sidered at the Treasury Department. There are,
as I said before, many amendments to the bill in
manuscript; and as it is an important bill, affect-
ing the whole revenue system of the country, I
hope the House will order it to be printed.
Mr. JONES. The fact, that the bill has been
considered by the Treasury Department, is not
conclusive to my mind that it is right, and that
we ought to print it. There are some reports
made by that Department which will require to
be examined by this House before they can re-
ceive the sanciion and approbation of some of
those who profess to be the friends of this Ad min-
istration. I hope the blouse will give this bill the
course which is given to all others when they
are first introduced.
Mr. HAVEN. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman from Maine, if this bill goes any fur-
ther than simply to establish collection districts;
or does it cover our whole commercial regulations ?
Mr. FULLER. The whole; and I would state,
for the information of the gentleman, that the
whole subject is before the Committee on Com-
merce in the Senate. It is a long bill, and requires
a great deal of examination. My desire, m in-
troducing the bill, is, that the Committee on Com-
merce of the House may be examining it at the
same time that the Senate committee are progress-
ing with theirs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was not
in the House when the gentleman from Maine
introduced this matter, and explained the bill
which he introduced. If the bill is what I sup-
pose it to be, it is very necessary, if the commit-
tee are to examine it, that it should be printed be-
fore it is referred to them, in order that we may
distribute them among the members of the House,
that they-may examine it when we report itback,
and be advised as to all the provisions of the bill.
1 think gentlemen must see the propriety and ne-
cessity of having it printed at this time, if the
1 committee are to take action upon it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think that it is a
very important question whether this bill be
printed or not, unless it be important in the as-
pect in which the gentleman from Tennessee has
presented it—that is, as an encroachment upon
the universal rule of this body in relation to
bills introduced by members for the purpose of
having them referred to committees. The print-
ing of the bill will, it is very clear, answer no
useful purpose, except as regards the committee
itself. We who are outside of that committee
do not care to read the bill introduced by the
gentleman from Maine, because we do not know
what part of that matter will come before thfl
House. We have our other engagements. We
are engaged in the examination of our own busi-
ness, and of the matters which are legitimately
before us pertaining to the duties of our own
positions on the committees of which we are
members. After the committee reports back the
bill, then it will be proper to have it printed for
the use of the Committee of the Whole on the
State of the Union; and before it is ever
reached on the Calendar there will be plenty of
time for any gentleman who desires to examine
it to make such examination. So that I can see
no earthly benefit in printing the bill at this time,
unless it be to facilitate the committee, and to
enable them to read it better, more distinctly,
and more to their satisfaction. It certainly can-
not Benefit members generally, or facilitate the
examination of the bill before the House. It is
a long bill, the gentleman tells us. It being a
long bill, and it being a matter introduced by a
member.pf his own motion, gentlemen who are
outside of that committee will not, as a matter
of course, feel any disposition to look into the
examination of this bill till it assumes the shape
in which the Committee on Commerce may de-
sire to present it to the House in asking the
sanction of the House. When it shall be pre-
sented by that committee, then it ought to be
printed, and will be printed; and then it can be
examined by gentlemen who take an interest in
the subject of legislation generally, and in the
subject of the bill particularly, long before it
will be reached on the Calendar.
I think, therefore, thai printing it now will do
no good. It will merely be an encroachment on
the practice of the body.
1 hope, then, that my friend from Maine will
allow the bill to go to the Committee on Com-
merce as itis, andallow thatcomniittee to examine
it. I do not believe that it will even be of any
benefit to the Committee on Commerce to have
the bill printed, and for the reason that they will
examine it in committee, will read it over, will
discuss its provisions, and, perhaps, change it
considerably. They must do so, because it is an
important bill, affecting the commercial regula-
tions of the country; and it will not do for that
committee—and T know they will not consent-
to take it up and pass rapidly over it. They will
examine its provisions carefully and separately as
they go along. They will read', discuss, examine,
amend, change, and vote upon it; and in that way
they will put it in the shape in which they may
desire to present it to the House. Then it will
come up for examination and action,and will have
to be printed. And so, in my view of the case,
it will do the committee no good to have the bill
now printed. I hope, therefore, the gentleman
from Maine will not insist on his motion to print.
Mr. PHELPS. I differ with the gentleman
from Alabama in the views which he has just
presented in reference to the printing of this bill.
I recollect well, that, during the last session of
Congress, there was an attempt to revise all the
revenue laws, and to have one general act defining
the collection districts of the United States. That
matter was under the charge of the Committee on
Commerce at the last Congress, and 1 believe that
nearly at the close of the last session of Congress
a report was made from that committee. I pre-
sume that the bill now introduced by the gentle-
man from Maine is based very much on the result
of the examination made by him as chairmUn of
that committee last session.
Now, it would be a very difficult matter for
members of the committee to make an examina-
tion of a bill so voluminous as this bill is, unless
each member of the committee could have a copy
of it for the purpose of examining it leisurely and
carefully at his room. He will desire to see what
