W56.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
desert of Africa, and of the other reaching the
confines of Hindostan. Bat it is a continued sub-
ject of reproach in the English journals, that we
have acquired territory, and, like the Pharisee,
they say, We are more virtuous than our neigh-
bors, and not like that great grasping Democracy
across the Atlantic, which seizes all that it can get.
There are three or four ways of acquiring ter-
ritory—by conquest, by purchase, and by mutual
arrangement. We have never acquired a foot we
did not pay for. Even with respect to Mexico,
she drove us to war; and though we conquered
first, we purchased afterwards. But there is still
another method of annexation, which is by fraud
—by forgery, indeed; and by such a process Eng-
land held her first title to the great kingdom of
Bengal. The fact is a historical one, and weli
known; but this is not a bad time to advert to it,
when professions of extraordinary virtue are made
before the world. History is written for example
■—for examples to be followed or to be shunned.
The episode to which I advert belongs to the latter
class, and not to the former. Lord Ciive was at
the head of the infant British establishment in
India. A war broke out with the nabob of Ben-
gal. Clive made a treaty with the general of his
army for the deposition of his master, and for
putting him 011 the throne as the tool of the Eng-
lish. There was an engagement entered into
which Clive disliked, and did not want to put into
the treaty; but his arrangement could not be car-
ried into effect unless the opposite party thought
it was there. He, therefore, had two papers pre-
pared—one white, and one red; and he so con-
trived it that the one leaving out this engagement
Was signed, and the other left unsigned; and by
that deceit the promise was violated, but the
object was attained. Lord Clive's colleague in
the negotiation, Admiral Watson, refused to be
a party to the arrangement, and Clive forged his
name to the treaty. This mode of acquisition
has been condemned time and again in England,
and the transaction characterized as it deserved.
But I never heard that it was proposed by any-
body, nioralist or statesman, to redress the wrong
by giving up the country, or by any other com-
pensation.
'Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I intended
some time ago to ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to hear me on the subject of our British rela-
tions, or some portion of them; but a long indis-
position detained me from the Senate at the time
when the subject was under consideration.
For obvious reasons, I do not desire at present
to renew the general discussion; but with the
permission of the Senate, I propose to make a
brief statement relative to the most important
point, if not the only really difficult question, in
our negotiations with England respecting the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty. 1 do not remember to
have seen what I am about to state presented in
any of the dispatches of the Secretary of State,
or in the correspondence between Lord Claren-
don and Mr. Buchanan.
It will be recollected that Lord Clarendon, in
one of his letters to Mr. Buchanan, claims for
Great Britain the Island of Roatan, as one of the
dependencies of her Belize settlement. Now, I
have seen, in a woik of authority, reference to an
official letter from a British minister quite incon-
sistent with that claim. In November, 1836, Sir
George Grey, then the Secretary of State for the
colonics, addressed an official letter to S. Coxe,
Esquire, who was connected in some capacity, I
believe, with a great corporation, called the
" Central America Commercial and Agricultural
Company," to which important grants had been
made by the State of Guatemala—in which letter
the limits of the Belize settlements, and then-
island dependencies, as claimed by Great Britain,
are definitely stated.
These limits are thus stated:
" From the E10 Hondo on the north to the river Sarstoon
011 tiie south, and as far ffat as Garbott's Fait), 011 the
river Belize, and a line on the prime parallel to strike 011 (lie
river Hondo 011 ;lie lioilh, and 011 the river Sarstoon on the
south. The Bntish Crown claims also the waters, islands,
and quays, lying between ihe coast above defined and the
mendum of the easternmost point of Light-house Ileef."
This letter was published in full in a pamphlet,
or book, put out by or for the company before
mentioned, entitled " A brief statement of the
important grants conceded to the eastern coast
of Central America Commercial and Agricultural
Company by the State of Guatemala,"published
mi
m 1839. I find it quoted in the work called " The
Gospel in Central America,"by the Rev. Freder-
ick ^r?we  at British missionary at the Belize.
By an inspection of the map given in this work,
and also of the map of Central America prepared
by order of the Senate at the Coast Survey office,
it will at once be seen that Roatan, and all the
colony of the Bay Islands established by Great
Britain in 1850, lie to the east of the meridian
thus declared by Sir George Grey to be the eastern
limit of the dependencies of the Belize, and that,
therefore, as late as November, 1836, these islands
were not claimed by the British Crown.
The old missionary, in the chapter on " expans-
ive limits," in which he quotes this letter, adds:
" Since the time when this was promulgated, the expans-
ive propensitiesof this settlement have by no means dimin-
ished, and it is, perhaps, difficult to predict at what time it
may be expected to have reached its full growth, or vvhere-
uiuo its dimensions will ultimately extend."
Orme's work was published in 1850,and we
now see that he did not misstate the capacity for
extension of the Belize settlements, which are
now said to include Roatan and the other Bay
Islands. 1 think it quite manifest that this claim
to Roatan, as a dependency of the Belize, is
utterly untenable. Indeed, besides the disclaimer
necessarily implied in Sir George Grey's letter,
may be mentioned the fact, as stated by the same
author, that when, in 1830, this island was seized
by the commandant at Belize, and remonstrances
were presented on the part of the Federal au-
thorities of Central America to the British Gov-
't ernment, the seizure was " disallowed." Some
reference to this is made by Mr. Buchanan in one
of his letters to Lord Clarendon, and I do not
find that his Lordship ever denied the fact. How,
then, or when, did it bccome a dependency of
Belize? By what rightful authority, by what act
of even doubtful propriety? No answer can be
given but one, which will scarcely be presented
by the Government of Great Britain, which looks
with so much disapprobation upon the lust of
acquisition, and thinks the greatest error of the
American nation to be the fUIibustering propensity
which leads a portion of our people to help them-
selves to foreign lands, and prompts our Govern-
ment to wink at such attemps in the hope of
annexation.
Notwithstanding these disclaimers, the authori-
ties of the Beliz" again seized Roatan in 1841; and
that act has not been disavowed, though the
seizure was made by hauling down the Honduras
flag, and intimidating into submission the single
sergeant, and four or five Indian soldiers, who
maintained the possession for Honduras. Great
Britain cannot pretend any title, founded m an act
of merely superior power, without right. And,
indeed, Lord Clarendon seems to have changed
his ground by averring, as he did in a later letter
or statement, that Great Britain had acquired a
right to those islands by the voluntary settlement
of some of her subjects in Roatan. These volun-
tary settlements are the same, I presume, which
were made by some of the white population and
emancipated slaves who went from the Grand
Cayman after the act of Parliament which en-
franchised the negroes of her West India posses-
sions.
But, surely, this voluntary settlement, by British
subjects, would not give even a shadow of sover-
eignty to the British Crown. As well might it
be said that a settlement made by Bahama fisher-
men, or turtle-catchers, on one of our Florida
Keys, would transfer the sovereignty from the
United States to Great Britain.
But I forbear further remark. The Senate of
the United States has no authority in the conduct
of negotiations; and, at the present time particu-
larly,! am unwilling to say anything which may
seem to be prompted by a spirit of hostility and
ill-will to a country with which there are, on both
sides, so manyreasons for preserving, not merely
a formal amity, but cordial and sincere good-will.
The facts 1 have mentioned not having found
a place in the various statements of the negotiators,
I have desired to place them on the records of our
debates.
Mr. CLAYTON. I intended, when I first rose
to-day, to make some comment on the remarks
of the Earl of Clarendon, in regard to his proposi-
tion of arbitration. He tells the House of Peers
—and it is calculated to have, its effect upon the
British public, and I suppose in this country too—
that he has offered to refer the whole Central
American question to soroe impartial Government!
ofBurope; and of course he enfpeeted to'Shrew
On us, if Mr. Marcy refused to arbitrate, the rs«
sponsibility of refusing a pacific adjustment of
the controversy. Here is what he said:
" I then said, that however clear the terms of the treaty
might appear to me, to call in a third party; an impartial
judge, to determine what should be the interpretation-of
the treaty, wouid be the fairest coarse to pursue; between
Governments as between individuals. I also added thai
we certainly had no wish to possess temtorv in Central
America; that we did not desire to extend our'influence in
that part of the world; that we were perfectly ready toenter
mto such engagements as would satisfy tlie United Statesu.
and even our own people at home, upon that score; thattt
was, therefore, indifferent to us who was called in to arbi-
trate ; that we should be prepared toafcide by the decision,
whatever it-was ; but that to do what was not contemplated
by the treaty, because we were told that a certain inter-
pretation was put upon it which we could not admit, was
not a eourse which one Government should propose
another, and to which, certainty, no independent Govern*
ment would submit. (Cheers.) I therefore proposed—what
b by no means uncommon in ssuch cases—that the martec
should be referred to arbitration. To that proposal, although
it has been so long before the Government of the United
States, we have, as yet, received no answer; and therefore,
upon this question also, I do not wish to enter further}
because [ am convinced that, when the subject really
comes to be considered in the United States—when the?
public opinion of that country is brought to bear upon it ad
upon all other political question*— when the American peo-
ple are made acquainted with our assurances as to having
no desire to extend ourterritory or our influence in Central
America, and as to our sincere wish to enter into engage-
ments sufficient to satisfy eveiy reasonable man, our offia
of accommodation Will not be refused. (Hear! hear!)
Now, sir, when the Secretary of State hassock
heavy responsibility as is devolved on hinl i«
reference to this question, and acts as ably ami
fairly as I think he has, 1 hold it to be my duty
to sustain him. I fully approve of the course
which he has adopted in reference to this matter,
and especially his refusal to arbitrate that part of
the controversy which relates to the construction
of the treaty. •
I know very well, sir, that a nation which,
under ordinary circumstances, refuses to consent
to arbitration, takes upon itself a great responsi-
bility. Under such circumstances, in order to
avoid the last fearful extremity, it is the duty of
nations to refer controversies. I am willing- to
concede that; but here the terms- are not equal.
Look at it, and see what it is that we are to refer.
Look and see what will be their condition if the
decision should be against them, and what would
be ours if it should be against its.
Sir,^ the passage through the isthmus is a,
necessity to us—an indispensable necessity; we
must have it, or give up our possessions on
the Pacific; but how is it -with them? If they
retain the entire control of the isthmus, they can
in time of war cut us off from all our possessions
on the Pacific coast, and all trade with two thirds
of the globe. They have nothing to lose com-
pared with what we must lose by an adverse de-
cision. A decision against us might be fatal to
us. A decision against them would affect them
but very little. It does appear to me, T sayagain4
as I have said before, to bo an insult to common
sense—it is an insult to the common sense of this
nation—to contend, on the plain words of the
treaty, that the Government of Great Britain did
not intend to give up any substantial interest
whatever which they had in Central America. I
think no man ought to refer the question whether
his hat, his coat, his shirt, or his house, is his
rightful possession. We would do better to fight
at once for what is so plainly ours, and so indis-
pensable to ourexistence—far better than to refer
the propriety of that existance to others, and
especially to such as might be glad to get rid of
us. A European monarch has no great love for
our form of government; nor has he any great
desire to preserve to us anything we may deem
indispensable to our integrity and union as a
nation.
If we could consent to refer such a question as
that, we should be bound to refer any other ques-
tion which any foreign nation should choose to
submit. I know very well, sir, that the chances
would be fifty to one for a decision in our favor,
if the men who undertook to decide it should
be honest men. But we have had some lessons
on this subject of arbitration. We referred the
Armstrong claim to Louis Napoleon—as clear a
claim,in my judgment, as was ever preferred by
one nation against afKrt&er—•and the- result was a
decision against us.
