696
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 25,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Foster.
Senate.
the Union. Such are the great political rights which are
solemnly declared and affirmed by that act.
On the first of these two points of constitutional
construction, both of which the President says
are "great points," 1 need not pause a moment.
That the General Government should designate
the boundaries of a new Territory, and provide
for itspolitical organization and administration,
as a Territory, is suffi iiently obvious. It is a
power which has been exercised some sixty
years, and probably was never questioned. It is
a power which must be exercised by the General ,
Government, or not exercised at all. _ i
The other " great point" is, that " the inhabit-
ants of any such Territory, considered as an
inchoate State, are entitled, in the exercise of
self-government, to determine for themselves what
shall be their own domestic institutions, subject
only to the Constitution and the laws duly enacted
by Congress under it, and to the power of the
existing States to decide, according to the pro-
visions and principles of the Constitution, at
which time the Territory shall be received as a
State into the Union."
I am by no means certain that I understand
fully what this second " great point of constitu-
tional construction" really is. The latter clause,
which speaks of " the power of the existing States
to decide, according to the provisions and princi-
ples of the Constitution, at what time the Terri-
tory shall be received as a State into the Union,"
is to me wholly incomprehensible. I know of no
power whatever which "the existing States"
have on the subject. The Constitution is quite
silent on this point; that instrument gives the
power to Congress, not to the States. It is not
one of the powers reserved to the States, because
it is expresaly granted to Congress.
And as to the residue of the doctrine set forth
in this second " great point," is it that the inhab-
itants of a Territory are entitled to legislate inde-
pendently for themselves—in fact, to govern them-
selves ? or that they are subject to the legislation
of Congress ?
If " the inhabitants of a Territory are entitled,
as an inchoate State, to determine for themselves
what shall be their own domestic institutions,"
the power would seem to be clearly in their hands;
but it is added, " subject only to the Constitu-
tion and the laws duly enacted by Congress
under it."
And where does this leave the power ?, In the
inhabitants, subject to the Constitution and the
legal enactments of Congress. What restraint
on the will of the inhabitants is imposed by the
Constitution, we are not told; and it is a question
about which there is much contrariety of opinion.
To what extent the enactments of Congress may
fo, and still be legal, we are not told; opinions
iffer widely on this point. It is asserted by
some that the Constitution secures to every in-
habitant the right to hold slaves in a Territory,
And that the people of the Territory cannot take
away that right. This claim is denied by others.
It is asserted by some that Congress, subject only
to the Constitution, has full, sovereign power
over the Territories, and may legislate accord-
ingly; and this claim is flatly denied.
The doctrine, then, that the sovereign power
}n a Territory is in the inhabitants, subject only
to the Constitution and legal enactments of Con-
gress, conveys no light to an inquiring mind. It
leaves such a mind just where it fipund it. The
real question, what effect has the Constitution—
to what extent may Congress go in their enact-
ments ?—is wholly unanswered. Nothing is af-
firmed, nothing is denied—no issue is made
Can this be " the great principle of the Ne-
braska and Kansas bill?" Lest my search for.
this " great principle" should be thought too lim-
ited, I pass to the report of the Committee on
Territories, made this session.
In that report, on page 39, it is said:
" The leading idea and fundamental principle of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act, as expressed in the law itself was to leave
the actual settlers and bona fide inhabitant* of each Tern'-
< nrrfprfln free to form, and rroitint* thi* An:«
'perfectly free to form and regulate their domestic in-
stitutions in their own way, subject only to the Constitution
iory
Ititui
of the United States.'"
The difference between the "great principle"
tut here enunciated, and that put forth in the mes-,
■age of the President, seems to be that here the
power of the people of a Territory to regulate
their domestic institutions is subject only to the
Constitution. As stated in the message, that
power is subject to the Constitution and the laws
duly enacted by Congress. The difference seems
to be substantial. Examining it,' however, as
now stated, in its more simple form, the question
at once recurs, how far does the Constitution
impose restraints on the legislative will of the
people ? We are told nothing unless we arg told
If the Constitution, proprio vigere, secures
that.
to every inhabitant the right to hold slaves in a
Territory, in spite of any and every enactment
of the Territorial Legislature, that is one state of
things. If the Constitution exerts no such in-
fluence, and the Territorial Legislature is perfectly
free to act as it pleases on the subject, that is
another and different state of things.
It avails nothing to tell us that we are free to
regulate our own affairs in our own way, subject
only to the provisions of a certain instrument,
unless we know, or have the means to asce^fpin,
how far that instrument restrains or controls us.
We might as well be told we were free, subject to
the will of the Czar of Russia.
Does the "great principle" of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, as here stated by its author in this
report, grant to or recognize the right, in the
people of a Territory, in their Territorial Legisla-
ture, to institute or to abolish slavery?
There ought surely to be no doubt how this
question should be answered. The great object
of the Nebraska bill—the reason of reasons why
the principle of that bill was so " great" a prin-
ciple was, that it made an end of the slavery
question as a political question; it was the final
finality.
Strange as it may seem, however, this plain
question is answered, and that by the friends of
this " great principle," in totally different ways.
In June, 1850, during the debate on the compro-
mise bill, the Senator from Illinois, who is now
the chairman of the Committee on Territories, is
reported as saying:
" I wish to say one word before this part of the bill is
voted npon. I must confess that I rather regretted that a
clause had been introduced into this bill, providing that the
territorial governments should not legislate in respect to
African slavery. The position that I have ever taken has
.been, that this and all other questions relating to the domes-
ticMffairs and domestic policy of the Territories ought to be
left to the decision of the people themselves, and that we
ought to be .content with whatever way they may decide
the question, because they have a much deeper interest in
these matters than we have, and know much better what
institutions suit them than we, who have never been there,
can decide for them."
* * * * * *****
" But I do say that, if left to myself to carry out my own
opinion, I would leave the whole subject to the people of
the Territories themselves, and allow them to introduce or
abolish slavery as they may prefer. I believe that is the
principle on which our institutions rest."—Cong. Globe,
part2, vol. 31, pp. 114,116.
This is sufficiently clear and explicit; but is this
the " great principle" of the Nebraska bill?
The honorable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] in his speech on the 28th of April, on the
bill reported by the Committee on Territories, to
authorize the people of the Territory of Kansas
to form a constitution and State government, said.
" I believed, when the Kansas bill was passed, that it
conferred on the inhabitants of the Territories, during their
territorial existence, no right to exclude, or in any wise to
interfere with, slavery. I then thought, and still think, it
the duty of the law-making power in a Territory to treat all
property alike—to give the same protection to one species
of property that it gives to another."
And again—
« To me it is therefore a source of unfeigned satisfaction
that the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] has brought
forward this bill. I see in it the germs of a final and lasting
settlement -on a firm and solid basis. It carries out the
original design of the Kansas-Nebraska act, as I understood
it. It fixes the period at which the inhabitants of a Terri-
tory may ask its admission into the Union as a State; and
the report by which it is accompanied denietfil sovereignty
in the Territory during its territorial existence."
If I have succeeded in finding " the great prin-
ciple" of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, which of
these opposite constructions of it is the correet
one?
* If 1 have not yet succeeded in ascertaining what
M the great principle" is, where else shall I look
for it? The honorable Senator from Michigan
[Mr.'CAsa] would doubtless designate it a* "pop-
ular sovereignty," "squatter sovereignty," or
" territorial sovereignty." But of this principle
the Richmond Enquirer of the 24th of April
says:
" Among the fair but false and fatal theories of the day
none attracts so much homage as the ' squatter sover-
eignty' courtesan. There are none so radiant with mere-
tricious charms, none so r ady with deceitful promise, and
none so sure to cover their victims with shame and reproach.
The sovereignty of the people is a noble principle, and should
command universal homage. ' Squatter sovereignty' is an
imposture, a counterfeit copy, an ugly idol wrought by man's
hands, and should be kicked off the pedestal where it sits
in mock majesty and courts the adoration of fools and dem-
agogues."
I am here again at a loss whether squatter
sovereignty or popular sovereignty is the great
principle, or whether what is said by the Rich-
mond Enquirer of that doctrine is the true con-
struction of the act. I ought here, perhaps, to
say that the honorable Senator from Illinois, the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, said
the other day in debate, that it was in regard to
the meaning of the Constitution that the friends
of that bill differed. If that were so, it would
seem to me that, if a bill were to be passed in
order to define legislatively the power of the in-
habitants of a Territory in regard to matters above
all others interesting to them, it should be so exact
and precise in its language that the act could be
understood by the people over whom it was to
operate. But this seems to have been the opinion
of the honorable Senator from Mississippi, whom
I have just now quoted, for he says, in the same
speech to which.1 have alluded, speaking of the
doctrine of squatter sovereignty:
" This doctrine, however well designed by its authors,
has, in my judgment, been the fruitful source of half ohr
troubles. Before the people of the two sections of the Union
having (as they supposed, though, I think, erroneously)
hostile interests, and already inflamed by angry passions,
were invited into the country, we, who gave them laws,
should have defined, clearly and distinctly, what were to
be their rights after they got there. Nothing should have
been left to construction."
It seems, then, that there was very clearly a
difference between the friends of the bill, and not
merely a difference in regard to the meaning of
the Constitution. From what I have shown I
hardly think this principle can be the great prin-
ciple for which I am searching.
I ask next, whether " perfect equality among
the States" is the great principle of that bill?
The honorable Senator from Michigan, whose
speech I have before quoted, answers this claim.
After alluding to the claim that each State would
be admitted upon an equal footing with the ori-
ginal State, he pays:
" The proposition is incontrovertible; but its application
to the intermediate condition of territorial existence is not
so clear. It would render all previous congressional inter-
ference void upon the formation of a new State; all prohi-
bitions of slavery would fall before the will of the .people.
But if the true reason of the restraint upon the action of
Congress is given by the committtee, to wit: equal admis-
sion after the formation of a State constitution, it is diffi-
cult to see bow this condition of things is to opierate until
the arrival of the period of political sovereignty. That the
exercise of such an act of intermediate authority might
have the effect to encourage the settlement of the country,
by a population favoring the restriction, there can be no
doubt. But the question does not touch the effect upon emi-
gration to the Territory, but upon the adriiission of the State.
If the people composing it, at the time of application for
.admission, become free from all restraints but those imposed
by the Constitution upon sovereign States, then this great
principle can<#ardly be said to have been violated, what-
ever circumstances may have preceded this last condition."
This claim was also answered by the honorable
Senator from Illinois, who, in a speech delivered
on the 3d of June, 1850, to be found in volume 21,
part 2, Congressional Globe, pp. 115 and 116,
said:
" I do not hold the doctrine, that to exclude any species
of property by law from any Territory is a violation of any
right to property. Do you not exclude banks from most of
the Territories? Do you not exclude whiskey from bem*
introduced into large portions of the territory of the United
States ? Do you not exclude gambling tables, whitfn are
property, recognized as such in the States where they are
tolerated ? And has any one contended that the exclusum
of gambling tables and the exclusion of ardentspirits was a
violation of any constitutional privilege or right. And yet
it is the case in a large portion of the territory of the United
States; but there is no outcry against that, because it id
the prohibition of a specific kind of property, and not a
prohibition against any section of the Union. Why, sir,
our laws now prevent a tavern-keeper from going into some
of the Territories of the United States, and taking a wur
with him, and using and selling spirits there. The law also
prohibits certain other descriptions of business from being
carried on in the Territories. I am not, therefore, prepared
to say that, under the Constitution, we have not the power
t  psaslawa excluding negro slaves from the Territories. It
involves the same principle."
