THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
its provisions are. He will desire to see what
innovations on existing law# are proposed; ar.d
if there, be- bat one copy for the use of ail the
members, and if that copy is to be examined only
in the committee-room, it will take a long time
for all the members composing that committee to
make that examination which will enable them
to vote upon itin the committee-room judiciously.
Therefore, for my part, I think that it would be
economy on the part of the House to order this
bill to be printed now, in order, not only that the
members of the Committee on Commerce maybe
able to examine its contents, but that every other
member of the House, who feels an interest in
this matter, and who feels an interest in having
all the laws revised defining the collection districts
of the United States, may be able to examine it
and make suggestions to the members of the
Committee on Commerce. For these reasons I
am in favor of printing the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I
think that the discussion on this subject has con-
tinued, nearly long enough. It does seem to me
to be a little remarkable that, when a member of
an important committee, who is distinguished for
his carefulness and economy, deems it requisite
for the public service to have so important a bill
as this printed, we should oppose it. What is
the question ? A simple question of expense, and
that not important, and for the purpose, too, of
dispatching business, which we know is not to
be extravagantly conducted under such manage-
ment as that of the gentleman from Maine. I
really think that the proposition ought to be
agreed to, if for no other use than that of the
committee, although it will no doubt be of, bene-
fit to others. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question being first on the motion to print,
Mr. Pkingle called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pringlf., and
Oliver of Missouri, were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 95, noes 23.
So the bill was ordered to be printed, and was
then referred to the Committee on Commerce.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. In the estimates
which have been sent to the Committee of Ways
and Means there are estimates for appropria-
tions for the purpose of purchasing grounds to
extend the navy-yards of Philadelphia and Wash-
ington; and also for purchasing grounds for ma-
rine barracks at Boston, Massachusetts-', and at
Gosport, near NorfoUc, in the State of Virginia.
The committee are of opinion that they should
have been referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs; they have, therefore, instructed me to
ask that they be discharged from the further con-
sideration of these papers, and that they be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs. I make that
motion.
The motion wasagreed to;and the papers were
accordingly referred to the Committee 011 Naval
Affairs.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act making an appropriation for deepening
the channcl over the St. Clair flats, in the State
of Michigan.
An act making an appropriation for deepening
the channel of the flats of the St. Mary's river,
in the State of Michigan.
An act to remove obstructions to navigation in
the mouth of the Mississippi river, at the South-
west Pass and Pass a 1'Outre.
An act for the improvement of the navigation
of the Patapsco river, and to render the port of
Baltimore more accessible to the war steamers of
the United States.
An act for the improvement of the harbor of
San Diego, in the State of California.
Also, that the Senate had passed the bill of this
House making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the year ending the
30th of June, 1857, with amendments, in which
they asked the concurrence of the House.
REPORTS or THE STATE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. FAULKNER, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of amending the act of
August 16,1842, requiring foreign regulations of commerce
to be laid before Congress by the Secretary of State at the
commencement of each session, so as to render it more
effective; and also to inquire into the expediency of author-
izing the Secretary of State to organize an office m that
Department of Government for the proper preparation of
said annual report, as well as of the annual report on immi-
gration, and of that on registered American seamen now
required by law of said Department; and to report to tins
House the result, by bill or otherwise, as said committee
may deem best.
PIRACY ON THE CHINA SEAS.
Mr. WHITNEY. I ask the consent of the
House to present a memorial from the Chamber
of Commerce of the city of New York, praying
for measures of protection against piracy in the
China seas, for the purpose of having it referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. The memorial must be filed
with the Clerk, and referred under the rule.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HERBERT, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to expedite the issuing of patents for confirmed
land claims in California; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
PAPERS FROM COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. HERBERT. I ask the consent of the
House to introduce this resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be dnected to de-
liver to Dent, Vanuno & Co., the papers on file in relation
to their claim.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. HERBERT. I will state, if the House
will allow me, that this case is under considera-
tion in the Senate, and these papers are wanted,
to be used there.
Mr. MATTESON, I would suggest that cer-
tified copies be left. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HERBERT. I have no objection to hav-
ing certified copies of the papers left on file. I
will modify the resolution so as to provide that
copies shall be left.
There being no objection, the resolution, as
modified, was adopted.
COURT OP CLAIMS REPORT.
Mr. ALLISON. Some two or three weeks ago
there was a report from the Court of Claims under
consideration here. I desire to inquire what is
now the position of that report?
The SPEAKER. It is upon the Speaker's
table, and will be first in order when the House
sjiall proceed to that class of business.
COMMODORE JONES.
On motion by Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, by
unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Commodore
Jones he withdrawn irom the Court of Claims, and placed
upon th« files of the Ilousc.
ENGRAVING.
Mr. GROW. I awk the consent of the House
to introduce a resolution, in which every member
of the House is interested. I hope there will be
no objection. It is in these words:
Resolved, That hereafter the engiavm^ of the House ^hnll
be donw under the direction of the Committee on Punting,
as provided by the joint resolution of tiie House and Senate,
dated Januaiy 18,1853.
Mr. MATTESON objected.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I intend to move
to suspend the rules for the purpose of going
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; but,before making that motion, I pro-
pose to introduce from the Committee of Ways
and Means the naval appropriation bill, that it
may be referred and printed.
There was no objection; and the bill making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1857, was reported, read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
REFERENCE OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. SAGE, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal of
papers relating to the application of Ide, Coit & Co., or
John Ide, of the State of New York, to have certain du-
ties refunded, that tliey may be referred to' the Court of
Claims.
EXTENSION OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I offer the following
resolution by request. In doing so I do not com-
mit myself on the subject;
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings be
instructed to inquire into tlie expediency of purchasing
square No. 575 and part of square No. 576, m conformity
with the recommendation of the Secretary of the Interior ;
what amount of money would probably be required to pur-
chase said private property, and make the necessary im-
provement of the grounds in consequence of the extension.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
there is an investigation now going on by the
Commissioner of Public Buildings and Grounds,
under the direction of the Senate r to ascertain
what each one of the proprietors demand for their
property on the squares referred to r west to Third
street, and north to B street; and also, what the
property is worth according to the value affixed
to real estate in the city. The Commissioner*
when he makes the investigation, will submit his
report to us as well as to the Senate, for he is our
officer as well as that of that body. When the
report is made it will be printed and laid before
all the members. I state these facts for the inform-
ation of the House, and not by way of objection
to the gentleman's resolution.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I am obliged to the
gentleman from Tennessee for the information
which he has furnished the House. In my judg-
ment there is no necessity for extending the pur-
chase to the extent demanded. The object of the
resolution is to make inquiries in regard to the
propriety of purchasing said ground in the par-
ticular locality required for the extension of the
Capitol grounds. The investigation can do no
harm.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. CUMBACK. I ask leave to introduce a
bill amendatory of -an act entitled, 44 An act to
graduate and reduce the price of the public lands
to actual settlers and cultivators."
Mr. &UITMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. BENSON. I hope the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi will withdraw his call until I may make
a report from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. aUITMAN. I must decline. If I yield
to one I must to another.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the reception of reports from the standing
committees of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BENSON. Is it in order to make a report
from the Naval Committee?
The SPEAKER. It is; but the motion to go
into committee must be first considered.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to keep these things
as much out of a snarl as possible. I thought
the business first in order was the report from the
Court of Claims, a motion having been made to
commit to a Committee of the Whole House, with
certain amendments.
The SPEAKER. The report of the Court of
j Claims is upon the Speaker's table, and will bo
1 the first thing in order when the House proceeds
to the consideration of that class of business.
Mr. IIAVEN. There was a motion to com-
mit pending.
Tlie SPEAKER. On inquiry the Chair learns
that a motion to commit is pending.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is the unfinished
business then; but tlie gentleman from Ohio,
having obtained the floor, can move to go into
committee.
The SPEAKER. A motion to commit being
pending, it is the unfinished and first business for
the consideration of the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I made the suggestion, Mr.
Speaker, in order that the report might not be
crowded out of its place, and not by way of
objection to the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. If there be no objection,
for the benefit of the gentleman's committee I
