1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
will move to take up the Military Academy bill,
■which has just come from the Senate with amend-
ments, in order to its reference.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. There is a bill from
the Senate upon the Speaker's table to amend an
act entitled " An act to establish a court for the
investigation of claims against the United States,"
approved February 24,1855, and I ask that it be
taken up, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. It makes provision in regard to the
administration of the Court of Claims, and the
appointment of an additional attorney.
The bill was taken from the Speaker's table,
and read a first and second time.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Speaker, I have not
looked into the bill as yet, but the Committee on
Claims of the Senate, which reported the bill to
the Senate, have asked the Committee on Claims
of this House to take it in charge. The bill es-
tablishing the Court of Claims originated with the
Committee on Claims, and I suggest that this bill,
inasmuch as all matters relating to the Court of
Claims have heietofore been scut to that commit-
tee, had better be referred (instead of to the Ju-
diciary Committee) to the Committee on Claims.
That is the,proper course, in my opinion.
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 do not see what the
Committee on Claims have to do with this bill.
I have read it, and it provides that two judges
of the Court of Claims may hold a court. The
existing law requires that all the judges shall be
present. The bill also provides that the present
attorney for the Court of Claims may appoint an
assistant. Those arc all the provisions of the bill,
and what the Committee on Claims have to do
with it I do not understand. There is no claim
in it. It is a mere question of policy and of law.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
state that the bill to establish a Court of Claims
was matured and passed at the last session of
Congress, and at that time it had been referred to
the Committee on Claims, who are familiar with
the whole subject. The simple ground of pro-
priety for the reference now to that committee is,
that the court has jurisdiction over all that class
of cases which have heretofore been referred to
that committee.
Mr. MARSHALL. Let it, then, go to the
Committee on Claims.
The bill was so referred.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the bill reported from the Court of Claims is not
a bill of that character which is kept before the
House by a motion to commit. It goes upon the
Speaker's table, and is the first business before
the House when the House reaches that class of
business. The first business, therefore, now in
order is a call upon the standing committees for
reports.
action of the naval hoard.
Mr. MILLSON. As a motion to reconsider is
at all times a privileged motion, it may be called
up at any time, but I think it always proper that
previous notice should be given of an intention
to do so. I therefore give notice that to-morrow
I shall ask leave to call up the motion to recon-
sider, which I submitted some time ago, with a
view to present some remarks in reference to the
action of the naval board, and on the bill which
I introduced some days since.
military academy bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. [ ask that House
bill (No. 69) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy for the year end-
ing 30th June, I857,\vhich has been returned from
the Senate with amendments, be taken from the
Speaker's table, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
It was so ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now insist on my mo-
tion that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the stale of the Union.
TEN SLOOPS OF WAR BTLL.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion for a moment, that I may make
a report from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
that it may be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have no objection to
yield a moment for that purpose.
Mr. BENSON, then, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs Senate bill (No. 119) authorizing the con-
struction of ten sloops of war,, with the following
amendment:
Amend by adding to the close of section first the follow-
ing words:
" Provided, That the Secretary ofthe Navy may, in his dis-
cretion, cause two of said sloops to b« built with wheels,
and equipped with a view to the greatest speed attainable,
with due regard to their efficiency as war vessels."
The bill, with the amendment, was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
president's message.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Before the vote is taken
upon the motion to go into committee, I desire
to submit a motion to terminate debate upon the
President's message.
Mr. McMULLlN. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the President's animal mes-
sage ;>h<i!l cease in one hour after the House shall again
resolve itself into the Committee ofthe Whole on the btate
of the Hniori, if the committee shall not sooner come to a
conclusion upon the sam«; and the committee shall then
proceed to vote upon the resolutions refoiring the same to
the standing committees of the House, and such amend-
ments as may be pending or offered to the same.
The question was taken; and the Speaker de-
cided that the resolution was lost, when
Mr. CiVMPBELL withdrew it.
The question was then taken on the motion that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-, and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state ofthe Union,
(Mr. Mace in the chair.)
president's annual message.
The CHAIRMAN. The subject under con-
sideration when the House was last in Committee
ofthe Whole was the President's annual message,
and upon that matter the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Brenton] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BRENTON commented on that portion
of the message which has reference to the subject
of slavery. He had no doubt that the language
used would give relish to the argument in some
sections of the country, and among a certain class
of his followers; but to those who had looked
upon the stars and stripes of the country as they
were thrown to the breeze, to serve as a warning
to the tyrant and a token of liberty to the captive,
the views maintained in the message were unac-
countably strange. To show the fallacy of the
President's argument, that the ordinance of 1787
was superseded by the Constitution, he referred
to facts drawn from the history of the Northwest
Territory and the legislation of Congress m ref-
erence thereto. From the exercise by Congress
of the power to enforce thatordmance he deduced
their power to prohibit slavery in theTerritories
generally; and quoted from the lecture delivered
by Senator Toombs in Boston to show that he
occupied a position directly opposite to that of
the President. The speech will be found in the
Appendix.
Mr. WARNER obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, who moved that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the commit-
tee reported that the committee had had under
consideration the annual message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
jurors of the district of columbia.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the unanimous
consent of ihe House to consider a bill which has
passed the Senate, and which has been consid-
ered by the Committee on the Judiciary, and been
reported back to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it pass without any amendment. It is
a bill merely to put the jurors of the District of
Columbia on the same footing as the jurors in the
States.
There being no objection,
Mr. MARSHALL reported back from the
Committee onth° Judiciary, Senate bill (No. 80)
amendatory of an act entitled "An act to regulate
the fees and costs to be allowed clerks,.marshals,
and attorneys in the circuit and district courts of
the United States, and for other purposes,"
The question being on ordering the- bill to, be
read a tnird time,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, saidr I ask for  
division on that question. I want to^ee whether
we have enough members here to pas^tfte bill..
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence?
and Wade were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellersreported
—ayes 103, noes 19.
Mr. MORGAN. I call for the yeas' and' nays-;
so that the bill may be read again, that members',
may know what it is.
Mr. VAIL. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that when the House adjourns to-
day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. FLAGLER. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. MARSHALL. I want to know whether
the bill has not been ordered to be read a third
time ?
The SPEAKER. No; the question is stil?
pending.
Mr. MARSHALL. H^as DOt th& House di"
vided on it?
The SPEAKER. The decision has- not beers
announced. Pending that question it was ire
order to move to adjourn*
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. t In order to give time for
reflection, for I do not think that gentlemen,
understand the purpose I had in view in moving-
to adjourn over—to-morrow being Good Friday—
I withdraw for the present the motion to adjourn:
over.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I renew the motion
that when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. COBB called for tellers on the yeas and'
nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided mi
the affirmative—yeas 69, nays 62; as follows:-
YEAS — Mpssrs. Aiken, Allen, Allison, Ball, Hcndley Sv
Bennett, Bishop, Bowie, Broom, Burnett, John P. Camp-
bell, Bayaid Clark, dawson, Howell Cobb, Craige, Craw-
ford, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Dickj Dunn, E&-
nmndson, Etheridge, Faulkner, Florence, Greenwood,
Au<mstu^ Hall. Robert B. Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Haven,
Hflbeit, Houston, Ilughston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Knox, Letcher, Mace, Alexander
IC. Maishall, Bamuel S. Marshall, Meacham, Smith Miller^
Millward, Nichols, Orr, Peck, Pennington, Phelps, Porter,
Powell, Pnngle, Ready, Roberts, Sage, Sandidge, Scott,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed, Talbott, Underwood^.
Vail, Warner, Elhhu B. Washburne, Welch, Whitney,
; Win-low, John V. Wright, and Zolheoffer—69.
NAYS — Messrs. Barbour, Henry Bennett, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Buffinton, Burlingame, James H. Campbell, Lewis
i). Campbell, Chaffee, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax,.
Covode. Cox, Cuinback, Damrcll, Day, Dean, Dickson,
Dodd, Erane, Flakier, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddings, Gil-
bert, Grow, Harlan, Thomas It. Hortun, Howard, Kelsey,.
King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Humphrey Marshall,
Mafteson, McCarty, Killian Miller, Millson, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Mott, Murray, Parker, Pike, Kitchie, Aobbins, Sapp,
Sherman, Spinner, Stranahan,Thorington, Todd, Trafton,
Wade, VVakeman, Walhridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkms, and Woodruff—
62.
So it was agreed that when the House adjourns,
it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Pending (he call of the roll,
Mr. KNOX announced that his colleague, Mr.
Norton, had paired off with his-colleague, Mr.
Richardson, who was necessarily kept from his^
seat.
The question recurred on Mr. Vail's motion-
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the House will not ad-
journ now. I have several bills which I desire, to
introduce, for the purpose of having them re-
ferred.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask that the Chair shall
announce the vote upon the third reading of the
bill upon which the House was acting when the
motion was made to adjourn over.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announced the
vote; and the yeas and nays were called for and
ordered.
