1956.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of'Kansas—Mr. Foster.
Senate.
That was in a speech of the Senator fron Illi-
nois as late as the 3d of June, 1850, and that
certainly cuts up by the roots the claim that " the
great principle of the Kansas-Nebraska bill" is
" equality amongst the States." As I understand
this claim, it is that the inhabitants of every State"
of the Union must have equal rights to go into
every Territory of the United States, and take
that which is recognized as property in the States
where they lived, into the Territory to which they
propose to go. That principle of policy some
nave claimed as being the great principle of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill ;and it is answered, as I have
shown, both by the honorable Senatorfrom Mich-
igan and tlie honorable Senator from Illinois.
Still in search of " the great principle of the
Nebraska bill," I come to some resolutions re-
cently passed by the Cincinnati Convention; and
among other things, I find it is resolved, in sub-
stance, that "the great principle"is " non-inter-
ference by Congress with slavery in the States
and Territories.
This brings us back at once to insurmountable
difficulties. Let Congress be as passive as pos-
sible, the question is, who can be active?—who
can legislate oil the subject while the Territory
remains a Territory? The people, says one;
not until they become a State, says another. The
question is a practical one—an important one; it
demands an answer; it must be answered. If
the "great principle" be simply "non-inter-
ference by Congress," for the present exigency,
the " great principle "is absolutely worthless; for,
while it tells us who not legislate, it points
to no tribunal on thefkcAf the earth—to nobody
who can legislate. j
_ But we have the benefit of several construc-
tions of this Cincinnati platform.
The Richmond Enquirer says:
" The principles are fully, fairly, and explicitly proclaimed.
There is no dodging, no evasion. Not only are the fugitive
tine law and the Kansas act iadorsed, but a distinct pledge
is given that, is all fdtore territorial legislation,
the principles of the Kansas-Nebraska-act, in respect to
slavery, shall gorern the action of the National Democracy.
The wishes of the South have been folly met, and it
is the doty of eveiy southern man to cooperate cordially
in the nominees of the convention, who stand fully and
squarely upon theplatform."
And then, we have the views of the nominee,
Mr. Buchanan himself. He says, in his letter of
acceptance, of the slavery question:
" I think we may safely anticipate that it is rapidly ap-
proaching a 'finality.'"
I must say this is a little discouraging. Six
years ago we were told we had got to the finality.
We were told so by conventions; we were told
ao by the two Houses of Congress; we were told
so by popular meetingsHwhich met and passed
resolutions on the subject. Really, the tomb-
atones of the discussion about slavery were set
up; we had got to the end. Under such circum-
stances 1 must consider it somewhat discourag-
ing to hear a man, standing in the elevated posi-
tion of Mr. Buchanan, and speaking, as of course
be does, by authority, say: "I think we may
safely anticipate that it is topidly tipprooching a
finality," Whether that rapid approach to a
finality wilUarrive before the final consummation
of all things, we have not the benefit of Mr.
Buchanan's opinion. He says further, however:
" The recent legislation of Congress respecting domestic
slavery, derived as it has been from the original and pure
fountain of legitimate political power—the will of the ma-
jority—promises ere lone to allay the dangerous excitement.
This legislation is founded upon principles as ancient as
free government itself, and in accordance with them has
simply declared that the people of a Territoiy, tike those of
a State, shall decide for themselves whether slavery shall
or .shall not exist within their limits."
Surely this is very clear, and a man xnust be
captious who does not understand it. It seems
distinctly to put the powet over the subject of
slavery, so far as the inhabitants of a Territory
are concerned, in those inhabitants while a Ter-
ritory, just as it is in them when they become a
State. That appears to be his view, in very clear
and explicit language, if so, it is certainly not
m accordance with the view of the Richmond
Enquirer; it has a more northern aspect. But
this is not all that Mr. Buchanan says on the
subject; and fairness requires that we put all that j
he says together. He says, in addition :
" The Nebraska-Kansas act does no more than give the
® of law to this slement&ry principl« ofself-fovermneo t; '
declaring it to be 'the true intent and meaning of this act,
not to legislate slavery into any Territory or State, nor to
exclude it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof per-
fectly free to form and regulate their dome.-tic institutions
in their own way, subject only to the Constitution of the
United States.'"
I This brings us back again to the point from
! which we started. I have got around exactly to
I the point from which I took my departure. Before
! that, I certainly thought I saw in the letter of
> Mr. Buchanan distinct and clear light on the sub-
I ject; but, putting the whole together, I see not
: but that " the great principle" is just as much in
j doubt as before. It is quite safe to say of it, that
i it is a Janus-faced principle—it has one face look-
| ing South, and another looking North; but what
the principle really is, I confess myself unable to
comprehend.
I am compelled, Mr. President, to give up the
search for the "great principle;" it seems impos-
sible to find it; and, if you do find it, quite im-
possible to understand it. The honest conclusion
tcorhich I come is, that "the great principle of
tHw Nebraska bill" is a great uncertainty.
,i Coming back from these fruitless searchings
after the "great principle," I lay down this propo-
sition, as containing the true doctrine, founded, it
seems to me, in reason and the necessities of the
case; supported by authority, and illustrated by
the uniform practice of the Government, from its
earliest days: it is, that Congress has full and
sovereign power over the Territories of the
United States; and that the legislative power
vested in that body is exclusive and unlimited,
save by the deeds of cession and the Constitution
of the country.
That this sovereign power over the Territories
should be vested in the Congress of the United
States, is both reasonable ana necessary. Much
time has been occupied and much labor expended
in ascertaining from what particular clause of the
Constitution the power of Congress is derived.
The inquiry is far more curious than useful. If
the General Government can lawfully acquire and
bold territory, it can govern it; the idea of hold-
ing it implies the power of governing it. If it
can hold, it can govern; and if it cannot govern,
it cannot hold.
This doctrine is supported by our text writers
of the highest authority, and by the decisions of
our courts.
Judge Story, in his Commentaries on the Con-
stitution, says:
"The power of Congress over the public territory Is
clearly exclusive and universal; and their legislation is
subject to no control, but is absolute and unlimited; unless
so far as it is affected by stipulations in the cessions, or by
the ordinance of 1787, under which any part of it has been
settled."
And in reference to the same subject, Chancel-
lor Kent says:
" Exclusive and unlimited power of legislation is given
to Congress by the Constitution, and sanctioned by judicial
decisions."
The decisions Of the Supreme Court of the
United States, in very many cases, confirm these
views. I refer to one only—the case of the
American Insurance Company against Canter 
in the first of Peters's Reports, where the court,
by Marshall, Chief Justice, says: "In legislating
for them, [i. e., the Territories,] Congress exer-
cises the combined powers of the (General and a
State government."
Having the combined powers of the General
and of a State government, it seems to me abund-
antly clear that all legislative authority which can
exist under the Constitution of the country over
the Territories, must be in Congress. While
some admit the sovereign power, as thus claimed,
to be vested in Congress, they claim that power
is held in trust—held in abeyance—and cannot be
exercised by Congress on the subject of slavery.
There were curious notions in ancient times in
regard to |he manner in which the fee of real
•estate, under certain circumstances, was vested by
law. Under certain contingencies, it was said to
be in abeyance. The doctrine is very fully gone
into in Chudleigh's case—1 Coke's Reports, 120—
the case of perpetuities, where there is displayed
a great amount of legal learning, not interesting
to anybody but lawyers, and scarcely to them.
From that case, doctrine like this may be derived:
When the title to an estate is suspended on some future
contingency, the iaherinace, meantime, is in&beyance.
Lest the unlearned reader should not compre-
hend exactly what was meant by the inheritance
being in abeyance, the author goes on to say, by
way of explanation, that it is " in gremio legis, or
in nubiius"—in the bosom of the l w, or in the
clouds. That certainly mends the matter very
much, in point of plainness ! [Laughter.] If we
did not understand what the term abeyance
meant, of course we could have no doubt, when
we were told, hy way of illustration, that itmeant
in gremio legis or in nubibus. We further learn
: from that case, that—.
When an estate is conveyed to trustees, to serve exist-
ing uses and future contingent uses also, we are told, though
aseisin is uecessary to feed them, and it be now exhausted,
yet, happily for us, there remains a possibility of seisin, a
scintilla juris, which kindles at the very moment the new
uses spring into being, and by its vital force executes, at
onoe, the possession in the estate to those uses, by some
sort of legal legerdemain.
In other words, as applicable to this matter of
sovereignty in abeyance in Congress, or in the
States, as some have it, Congress cannot legislate
for the Territory while it is a Territory, in refer-
ence to the subject of slavery; but as soon as the
Territory becomes a State, and is admitted into
i the-Union, this sovereign power, which before
was in abeyance, comes into being. This scin-
tilla juris kindles and invests the people of the
State, as a State, with the power to institute or
prohibit slavery. I certainly need not spend
time on doctrine so fine spun as this. I should
nstruct the Senate as much, and probably amuse
ihem quite as much, if I were to go into a discus-
tion of the resolutions of '98.
Such subtilties and technicalities never found
favor in the eyes of men of plain good sense,
even when applied to legal subjects only. It will
be found far more fruitless to attempt to revive
them in our practical age, and to apply them to
our legislation. The honorable Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] says, in this connection:
" The Committee on the Territories, in their report, speak
of the < sovereignty of a Territory remaining in abeyance,
suspended in trust for the people till admitted,' &c.; and,
if I understand correctly the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Brown,] in his remarks the other day, lie
approved and adopted these positions, and perhaps I should
do so too, if I comprehended them ; but, as I do not, my
incredulity may be pardoned. It seems to me, that this
transfer to our Government of some of the technical
niceties of the English common law, which gladdened the
hearts of Coke and his school in the days of Ipgal meta-
physics, is to mistake equally our age and our country."
If the honorable Senator from Michigan, with
his rijfe experience and great attainments,cannot
understand this doctrine, it certainly is not doc-
trine fit for the people of the United States.
Sir, the power of Congress over the Territories
is not only sustained by principle and authority,
but by the uniform practice of the Government.
This subject has been so fully discussed by the
honorable Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Colla-
mer,] and others, that probably nothing' new
can be added.
It may be remarked, however, that of the origi-
nal thirteen States, North Carolina and Georgia,
in their deeds of cession, had clauses touching
the subject of slavery. In the deed from North
Carolina, dated in February, 1790, is this pro-
viso: "No regulations, made or to be made by
Congress, shall tend to emancipate slaves." In
the deed from Georgia, given in April, 1802, pro-
vision is made that the ordinance of 1787 shall
extend to the Territory ceded, except the article
which forbids slavery. If it was the understand-
ing of the men of those days that Congress had
no power over the subject of slavery, why were
these restrictions in these deeds of session ? Do
they not imply manifestly, at least in the judg-
ment of the States which made these deeds, that
without these restrictions Congress would have
power to abolish or prohibit slavery in the Ter-
ritories granted by those States ?
There were no restrictions on this subject in
the grants of the other States, and Congress at
an early day exercised the power granted. In
1798 Congress forbade the importation of slaves
from abroad into the Territory of Mississippi,
though under the Constitution there was no
power to prohibit the importation of slaves into
the States till 1808. We acquired Louisiana in
1803. The second section of the act of October,
1803, (which act authorized the President of the
United States to take possession of the Territory,
