1424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
June 19,
estnBlishijigft post road from Westville, Mississippi, to Bait
jisville, in the same State.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted' the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committeeon the Host Offiee and Post
Shads be instructed to inquireinto-the expediency of estab-
fisbing'a post route from Des Arc, in Prairie county, to
Cotton Plant, in St. Francis county, Arkansas; and report
by biilor otherwise.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday. I
tlimk it ia very evident that we can do no busi-
ness in the mean time1.
Mr. BRODBEAD. To-morrow is the day
set apartforthe consideration of private business;
and I think the Senate is quite full enough to take
up the Private Calendar. 1 perceive many Sen-
ator's here, and I doubt very much whether we
shall have more here next week. The Philadel-
phia convention is about to adjourn, but whether
that be so or not, there are Senators enough here
to transact private business. I hope, therefore,
my friend from Louisiana will forbear to make
the motion.
Mr. SLIDELL. I should not insist on the
motion, but it appears to me that we cannot legis-
late advantageously with so thin a Senate. I
prefer to submit the matter to the vote of the
Senate.
Mr. CLAYTON-. I hope the Senator from
Louisiana will not withdraw the motion, but that
it will be agreed to. It was understood during
the last week, and, indeed, prior to that time,
that the Senate would not do any more business
during the period when the various parties of the
country were nominating their candidates. This
is a species of courtesy which the Senate has
always been accustomed to extend to its members.
Out of respect to the gentlemen who have gone
away, I think it would be but right that we should
consent to adjourn over. They went away from
here with the understanding that we should ad-
journ from Monday to Ihursday, and from
Thursday to Monday again. After that under-
standing 1 cannot thinklt right for us to take up
any bills of importance. Tliey would have just
right to complain, and the country would have a
right to complain, if we did so; bul on Monday
next, 1 trust we shall go to work with the busi-
ness before us; and I hope that when we get to
Work again we shall adhere to one subject, when
we have taken it up, until we dispose of it, and
then take up another and dispose of it. In this
way, and in tins way alone, shall we ever get
through with the business of the session.
Mr. BRODI1I5AD. I m-tuinly do not wish
to violate any rule of courtesy. 1 supposed we
were not to take up any business of importance
involving political questions until all the conven-
tions were over; but the one at Philadelphia is
about to adjourn, and I only proposed to take
up the Private Calendar to-morrow. If any gen-
tleman who is absent feels an interest in any
bill, of course he can move to reconsider it on the
next day. But, as it has been intimated by the
Senator from Delaware, that it would be a viola-
tion of an understanding for us to meet to-mor-
row, I shall certainly not press the opposition to
the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
COURTS IN WESTERN VTRGINIA.
Mr. HUNTER. There i&a bill on the table
in regard to changing the times of holding the
Federal courts in Western Virginia, which has
been returned from the House of Represent-
atives with an amendment. I hope it will be
taken up and acted on at once. It is important
that it should be disposed of.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. iN'o. 156) changing the time of holding the
district court of the United States at Wytheville,
in the western district of Virginia, which the
House propose to amend by striking out all after
the enacting clause,and inserting the following:
That instead of the times now pre&cribed by Jaw for
holding the courts of the United States in the western dis-
trict ot Virginia, the said courts shall hereafter be held
annually—at Claiksburg on the 24ih days of March and
August; at Wheeling ou the 6th days of April and Septem-
ber} at Charlestown on the 10th days of April and Seo-
t&mber; at Staunton on the 1st days of May and October;
and at Wythe Court-House on the fourth Mondays of May
and October; and that all suits, actions, and proceedings
of whatever kind, now depending in or returnable to said
courts respectively, shall be taken to he continued or return-
able to the terms herein established.
And be it further enacted, That the terra of the circuit'
court of the United States shall be holden annually at
Lewisburg, in the said western district of Virginia, com-
mencing as now on the first Monday of August.
Jltid be it further enacted, That this act shall be in force
from and after the passage thereof.
The House also proposed to amend the title of
the bill so as to make it read, " An act to change
the times of holding the courts in the western
district of Virginia."
The amendments were concurred in.
BOOKS FOR MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. PEARCE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Library, to whom was referred the
joint resolution from the House of Representa-
tives (No. 4) for supplying new members of the
Senate and House of Representatives with such
books of a public character as have been hereto-
fore supplied, to report it back with an amend-
ment. 1 ask the Senate to consider it now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Wholr, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. The Committee on the
Library propose to strike out all after the resolv-
ing clause, and insert the following:
That the Secretary of the Senate and Cleik of the House
of Representatives each for the House of which he is an
officer, be authonzed and directed topioeure fiom the pub-
lishers, if practicable, and furnish to such members and
delegates of their respective Houses who have not hereto-
fore received the same, one eopv of the following books;
that is to say: Gales & Beaton's Reamer ofDeb.ues; Con-
giesRional Globe and Appendix; Public Land Laws, In-
structions, and Opinion?.; Elliot'* Debates; Diplomatic
Correspondence ; Opinions of Attorneys Geneial; Finance
Itepoits ; Gales & Searon\s Annals of Congress ; John Ad-
ams's VVoiks; Rickey's Constitution; MajoandMoulton's
Pension and Bounty Land Laws : Provided, That they he
furnished at prices not exceeding those foi winch they weie
heretofore supplied : hul provided J wither. That where any
such books cannot besupplied bythe publishers thereof, the
same may be obtained elsewhere: And prondrd faithcr,
That none of the afoiesaid books shall be pud lor until
they have actually been dehveied to the said Sccietary and
Clerk.
Sec. 2. Ami be it further resolved, That each member of
the Senate, and every member and Delegate of the House
of Representatives, who has not heretolore received the
saniCj^hnl! be furnished with one copv of Jefl'etsou's Works,
to be supplied (lorn thcnumbcrof said woika now in charge
of the Librarian.
Mr. PEARCE. I think it necessary to moke
some explanation in regard to this resolution. It
has not been usual, of late years, to make distri-
bution of books among new members by joint
resolution. Each House has acted for itself. The
House of Representatives has seen proper on this
occasion to send us a joint resolution. The com-
mittee thought that the resolution, in the shape in
which it came to us, was objectionable on two
accounts. The first objectionable provision is
that by which a member of the House or Senate,
who does not care to have the books usually fur-
nished to new members, may be supplied with
any other works of equivalent value; the result
of which is, that instead of giving to members
works of a public character, relating to the legis-
lation of the country, the debates m Congress,
our constitutional' history and diplomatic corre-
spondence, &c., all of which are supposed to be
aids to us in the performance of our congressional
duties, we shall supply professional or miscella-
neous libraries to such as prefer them. The com-
mittee thought this essentially wrong, because it
is no part of the purpose or policy of this book
distribution to furnish gentlemen with private
libraries, to allow a moneyed commutation m lieu,
or to treat the matter as if the distribution of books
was intended for personal emolument, or consid-
ered as a valuable official perquisite.
They thought it was objectionable for another
reason. Several of the works which are covered
in the resolution as it came from the House have
long been out of print. The members cannot be
supplied with them; at least they cannot be sup-
plied with them except by the operations of the
book speculators who go about the country buy-
ing up from members of Congress, or their execu-
tors, or others who may happen to have them,
books which Congress has already paid for and
distributed—a process to which there is no end,
and in which there can be no public utility.
This policy had its origin in 1828. Congress
had f from- time to time, subscribed for various
works; a large number'of works had at different
times been bought for the two Houses, which ac-
cumulated in the library-of Congress until they
were absolutely a nuisance. The Library Com-
mittee found it necessary to get rid of these du-
plicates, and a resolution was therefore introduced
for their distribution. It was in these words:
" That of the public documents, and other works, of
which several copies are deposited in the library of Con-
gress, a portion he distributed m the following manner:
" First. Of the Return of the last Census, and of the Dige&t
of Manufactures, and of Gales and Seaton's Register of
Debates, and of Watterston's; and Van Zandt's Statistical
Tables, one copy to each member of the present Congress,
and to each new member of eaeh succeeding Congress, till
all the copies shall be distributed, with the exception of
twenty-five of each work, which shall be reserved in the
library; and the Librarian of Congress is hereby authorized
and directed to deliver to each member, as aforesaid, the
copies of the said documents to which he is hereby entitled.
" Secondly. Of the Journal of the Federal Constitution;
of the Secret Journals of the old Congress; of Pitkin's
Statistics, and of Seybert's Statistical Annals ; one copy to
the public library of the Legislature of each State in the
Union, and one copy of each to such universities and col-
leges as may not already have received them, and one copy
to one incorporated atheneum in each State: Provided There
remain a sufficient number of the said works beyond what
are needed for the use of the Libraiy.
This policy of distribution of books has grown,
as we think, to an abuse, which ought to be
checked at least, if not entirely discontinued. I
shall not say all that I know upon the subject, or
rather all that I have been told, lost I might do
injustice and bring some disrepute on Congress.
But it is very manifest that there is no propriety
in our passing resolutions to distribute books
which are out of print, and the whole editions of
which have been exhausted by previous appro-
priations, so that not a single copy remains in
the hands of the original publishers; and some-
times the same volumes have been repurchased
and redistributed over and over again.
Congress subscribed for the State Papers, for
example. That was an important and valuable
work to all statesmen and members of Congress.
They subscribed for a given number of copies.
In their distribution of that work they assigned
one to each member of Congress. As long as a
sufficient number of these volumes remained at
the disposal of Congress, their distribution was
continued to the new members of successive Con-
gresses. This was supposed to be the most
equitable mode of distribution, and one which
would more equally spread them overthe country,
because each member of Congress would carry
his books to his home, and thus in every con-
gressional district acccss could be had to these
valuable repertories of information on public
affairs.
The next step was the beginning of the abuse
which has resulted from this practice of distribu.
tion. When all the original subscription was
exhausted by successive distributions, we began
to buy of the publishers, and continued in some
cases so to purchase until the whole edition was
bought up, and given to members of Congress—
so that this plan became a constant burden upon
the Treasury, and a biennial stipend to the pub-
lishers.
JNow, sir, in relation to some of these vorks
we have long since accomplished all, and more
than all, that was originally designed. We have
purchased every volume of several of these works
and distributed them all over the country. What
propriety is there now in sending out book-hunt-
ers to purchase these works from members of
Congress to whom they have already been dis-
tributed, that they maybe redistributed to mem-
bers of the present Congress? It seemed to the
committee to be entirely wrong. Indeed, it may
well be questioned whether the whole policy of
the distribution of books has not grown to be too
enormous, and whether it is not so liable to
abuse that we had better put an end to it alto-
gether. Such is my own opinion. The commit-
tee, however, were not willing to take that re-
sponsibility; they felt themselves justifiable, at
least, in cutting out from the resolution all such
works as have been exhausted by prior purchase
and distribution, leaving the new members still
to receive such books, the entire editions of which
have not been purchased.
I will add that all the committee, I believe, think
that distribution should cease when the original
subscription to any work is exhausted; and that
if this reform cannot hereafter be effected, it will
be advisable to subscribe for no more publica-
tions, and to publish nothing but what is strictly
