165*]
A***#mx TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Conc....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Foster.
Senate.
are no more Btringent than it is necessary to pass
in order to protect slavery. Gentlemen who have
lived longer than I in the slave States, are of course
much more competent to form an opinion on that
subject; but if it be necessary to have laws of a
character such as are now said to be in existence
in the Territory of Kansas, I want to know if
the price paid for slavery in that Territory is not
altogether too great ? Who feels willing to submit
to such laws as the following, which m&kepart of
the black code of Kansas ?
" Sac. IV. If any^pcrson pbint, warre, nrritODtiCK into,
toblish or circulate, or cause to be brought into, printed,
written, published or circulate, or shall knowingly aid
or assist in bringing into, printing, publishing, or circulat-
ing within this Territory, ant book, paper, pamphlet,
maoazixe, or circular, containing ahY statements, ar-
guments, opinions, 8entiment, doctrine, advice, or
innuendo, calculated to produce ▲ disorderly, dan-
gerous, Or rebellious disaffection among the slaves in
thi^ Territory, or to induce such slaves to escape from
the service ot their masters, or to resist their authority, he
shall be guilty or felony, and be punished by imprison-
ment at hard labor for a term not us* than rive ySabs.
" Sec. 13. If any free persoa, by *rsAiUKS da by
writing, assert or maintain that persons save not
The right to hold slaves in this Territory, or shall
Introduce into this Territory, any hook, paper, magazine,
pamphlet, or circular, containing any denial of the
right or persons to hold slaves in this Territory,
Such persons shalt be deemed guilty or felony, and pun-
ished by imprisonment at hard labor for a term of n«t
xiESS than two years-
" Sec. 13. No person wbois conscientiously opposed
TO HOLDING SLAVES, Or Who does not admit THE RIGHT TO
BOLD SLAVES IN THIS TERRITORY, Sit ALL SIT AS a JUROR
on the trial of any prosecution for the violation of-any of
the sections of this act."
I ask if there is any man who, for the sake of
holding in bondage a ffew thousand wretched
Africans, so inferior as the gentleman from Loui-
siana tells us, even as laborers, to the white race,
is willing to give up freedom of speech,freedom Of
the press, and freedom of conscience? If {ill these
sacrifices most be made for the sake of holding
these poor, degraded human beings in bondage
on that soil, do not patriotism, good poScy,
statesmanship—to say nothing of any moral con-
siderations—caQ upon us loudly to war against
the institution of slavery ia this Territory, and
in all the Territories of the United States? Why
should we not fight against itg extension as we
would fight fire ?
The manner in which law is administered in
Kansas is no less remarkable—no less an outrage
on well-aettled constitutional principles than is
the law itself which is said to be in force there.
Law like this has lately been bid down by a
judge of the United States, in his charge to ft
grand jury:
"This Territory was organized bv an act of Congress,
asd, so fer, its authority is from the United States. It has
a Legislature elected ia puMapaee of that organic act.
This Legialature being an instrument of Congress, by which
it governs the Territoiy, has passed laws. These laws,
therefore, are of United States authority and making, ana
ail that resist these laws resist the power and authority of
the United States, and Me therefore guilty of high treason.
" Now, gentlemen, if you find that any persons have
resisted these laws, then yon must, under your oaths, .find
trills against such persons for high treason. If you find that
no such resistance jias been made, init that combinations
have been formed for the purpose of resisting then, aad in-
dividuals of influence and notoriety have been aiding and
abetting in such combinations, then must you still fitld bills
for constructive treason, as the courts have decided that to
constitute treason the Wow need eat be struck, but only the
intntion to be made evident."
Can it be possible thrtt any man of ordinary
understanding should suppose, after reading the
Constitution of the United States, that resistance
tp a territorial statute was high treason against
the United States? This is the doctrine laid
down as law; and it is even worse, for if ««indi-
viduals of influence and notoriety" aid and abet
combinations for the purpose of resisting the
statutes of a Territory, such persons are declared
guilty of constructive treason.
Mr. President, Sidney and Russell were brought
to the scaffold in the dart diys of high preroga-
tive in England op principles mom just, liberal,
and constitutional than these. It seems incredi-
ble that any one who had read the Constitution
of the United Slates should ever lay down such
law. Where can we find anything more arbi-
trary, tyrannical, unjust, absurd! And yet we are
called upon to submit to these abominable laws,
wni, if possible, to the still more abominable
manner of administering thsin, in order that
slavery, wlndi is aota bfisssiflg but a curae, may
New Skhies—No. 44.
be protected in Kansas. I would blot it out there
forever.
Gentlemen, 1 im aware, may call this " fanati-
cism, "Abolitionism," "Black Republican-
ism, or bestow upon it any other epithet which
pleases them; but after all, it is best to look
rather at the essence of things than at their
names. I ask which of these two courses, more
probably, points to prosperity, happiness, and
the perpetuity of our institutions—spreading
slavery over all our Territories? or spreading
freedom over them all? for it seems to have
reached that point. It is urged on one side that
all the Territories shall be slave Territories. It
Was not until this was urged that the claim was
made on the other side in reply. Now, while the
claim is made on one side," let all the Territories
be slave Territories," on the other it is ur^ed, as
between frefedom and slavery, let them all tie free.
Can any intelligent gentleman on this floor or
elsewhere say that to make them all slave can
compare in point of general prosperity with
making them all fVee ?
The charge of fanaticism which is thrown at
those who advocate this doctrine may of course
be thrown; but with what grace is the charge
made when the whole civilized world—not merely
Christendom, but the whole civilized world, is
charged with fanaticism in the same breath ? If
we differ, who advocate this side of the question,
from those who advocate the other side, is it
entirely modest for them to say that we are all
fanatics, when the civilized world, outside of us,
entertain precisely our opinions? Are We—-is
aM Christendom—is the whole civilized world
fanatie, and the handful of people who believe
slavery to be the most perfect condition of human
society ths only people in the world free from
fanaticism ?
Jt has been claimed that none of the difficulties
which have occurred ifl Kansas have arisen from
Any attempt to enforce the obnoxious laws to
which I have called attention; that no attempt
has been made to enforce" those laws. It may be
so; but if it be, it was not because the laws were
deemed arbitrary, or tyrannical, or unconstitu-
tional. Par otherwise; it was because it was
deemed better to give up the jurisdiction of those
subjects to mobs and to Lynch law, rather than
to gjo over the formality of a trial under their
owh pretended laws, shameless and absurd as
they Were. I have before me two letters writ-
ten by citizens of Connecticut who removed to
Kansas—one from Mr. C. H. Barlow, from
Waterbury, in the coanty of New Haven; the
other from Mr. Charles Cranston, from New
London, in the county of New London. Prom
what 1 know of these gentlemen, I have no hes-
itation in pronouncing'their statements entirely
reliable. They are both, as I believe, men of
high character for integrity and veracity. It will
be seen from these letters, whether, in demanding
freedom for Kansas, I am not asking freedom for
the white race as well as the black. Mr. Barlo w's
letter was addressed
To the Editort oj the Chicago Tribunt:
Chicago, Wednetiay, June 11,1858.
I wish to make, for the benefit of your readers; a true
statement of the manner in which free-State men in Kan-
sas are treated by the mob which has now possession of the
Territory, and Missourians 011' the border, as proved by my
own case.
I emigrated to Kansas in March last, and settled in Law-
rence, where I took no pay* in the political troubles by
Which the Tsrritqiy hse f een convulsed. In all respects, I
endeavored td demeah myself as a good citixen and an hon-
est man. On Thursday, the 5th of the present month, I
had occasion to go to Kansas City, Missouri, with my oxen
and wagon, for a load of freight, consisting of household
goods for an emigrant In my employ, who was with me. On
my return with the load I was obliged to pass through West-
rirt. When about a mile or a mile and a half from that village,
came upon a camp Occupied by sixty or seventy Missou-
rians and AKabamians. Here 1 was met by a squad of these
men, armed with muskets, rifles, and side arms, who de-
manded of me to stop. " Here's a d—d abolitipnist," was
the Cry; "lei's have him anyhow." I produced a sow,
which had teen given me by United States Marshal .Don-
aldson ; but they swore it was a forgery. They proceeded
to break open the boxes in the wagon, and to scatter the
goods about in the road. While this was going on, I wag
8e"V"t0 their camp, where I was questioned titus:
" What's your name ?"
" C. II. Barjow."
" Where dQ you live
"In Lawrence." j
" Where are yon from ?"
* Wsterbury, Connecticut."
" What are your politics ?"
"lamafree-State man.'1
" How much money did that 4—4 emigrant aid society
give you to come out here ?"
" None: I came out with my own money."
" Who gave you a rifle—Beeeber or Silfiman ?w
" Neither: I brought n o gun of any kind to tha Terri-
tory."
" What the bell did you come out here for?"
" Why, to get a home and make money."
"And to make Kansas a free State ?"
" That's my intention, now I am here."
" Why didn't you go to Nebraska ? That's a mod coun-
■ try, and you d—d Yankees may have it; but Kansas you
'; will have to fight for, and we'll whip hell out of you, but
well get it, Union or no Union."
[ " That's a game that won't win, I'm thinking."
, Alter much more of this sort, interlarded with impious
i \ oaths and ruffianly threats, I was asked:
! "If we'll let you go, will you take a gun and march with
I j the prO-slavery party?"
|! To this I had but one word in reply, and that was
II i'Nevitt."
Immediately there was a cry for " The rope*, boy ! the
' ropes." These were speedily brought, and a noose was
; thrown over my head and around my neck, and I WM
dragged to the nearest tree.
I exclaimed, " You do not intend to kill me in this maa-
i oer, do you?"
1 " Yes, G—d d—n your abolition heart, and all like you.,r
I begged, if I was to be sacrificed to their causeless hate,
i that I might have time to collect my thoughts and arrange
, my worldly affairs. I was told that if I had apy property to
j dispose of, or my peace to make wjtlj God, that I would be
allowed just ten minutes for both. I gave a man among
them, who I learned was ealled Bledsoe, and who seemed
to think that I was to be killed without cause, a schedule
of my effects, and asked him to send it to my brother-in-
law at the East, whom J named. At the expiration of the
little time given me, I was again dragged to the tree, the
rope was thrown over a swinging limb, and, in spite of the
remonstrances of Bledsoe and of Treadweil, who also
began to plead my cause, I was jerked from theground and
suspended by the neck; I cannot tell for how long, but
probably for a brief period only, when Treadweil, who was
called Major, and appeared to have command, peremptorily
ordered toe to be let down. I was again questioned: " Will
you leave the Territory if we'll spare your life?'*
To this I demurred, saying that I had offended no law,
or infringed no man's rights. The leader again interposed,
and told me that unless I would promise, he could not save
my life, lie told his men that I was guilty of no crime,
except that of being a free-State man; that I had a right to
be; though he would admit that I had no right to such
opinions iri Kansas. At last, his ruffian followers extorted
from nje the promise theyrequired, giving me just twelve
hours to make the promise good. I was then sent with a
guard to Kansas City, to see that I did not escape. My
oxen and wagon were taken possession of, and I, with less
than five dollars in my pockets, was forced to take the next
boat and leave the country.
In conclusion,! declare that I am and have been a law-
abiding and peaceful man; that my mission to Kansas City
was one perfectly lawful and proper; and that, so far as I
know, I am driven out of the Territory only because of my
political opinions—my desire to make Kansas a free State.
My case is not a solitary one. Every man of my opinions,
who falls into the same hands, is liable to the same abuses
and this,in Kansas, is called " law and order."
C. H. BARLOW.
Mr. Cranston's was addressed to his wifjs at
New London. I make only an extract:
Ossawatooxie, K. T., June 7,1858.
• • * * * *  
When I came home from Lawrence I found that there
had been five persons murdered eight miles from here, and
all our settlement was in a great excitement, and were ex-
pecting tnat we would be Visited by a mob; but in a few
days the excitement went down, and we went to work
again. But last night, about one hour before sundown, what
was our surprise to see large bodies of men moving about
the streets. I was in the house, and when I stepped to the
door I found about one hundred Missourians had surrounded
the house. I went out and looked around, but could not
see bat nine men that belonged to the place. They imme-
diately took us prisoners, and then commenced their devil-
isli work. They robbed all the houses, stole all the horses,
and took eveiything else that they wanted.
They questioned me pretty sharp to find out who I was
and What I waa doing in this place. After they found oat
what my business was, they took ine down to the mill and
swore they would hang me and tear the mill down, <w they
said I was in the employ of the emigrant aid company. I
told them I was Hot, but was at work for myself. I then
took my papers out of my pocket and showed them my
books, which satisfied the* that the mill belonged to me.
They said they would let me and the mill alone, but as I was
a damned Yankee they would take what money I had; I
would not take it out of my pocket, so they took it out.
They then took me over to their camp and kept me until
this morning, when they took my pistol from me and letme
"hey took $800; my horse worth $125, and my pistol,
s6 the company have lost $925, but have saved my mill.
We nave no heart to do anything here now but fight. 1 am
8oing out with a party to-nigfit to see what we can do.
I have now explained to you how I have been situated
for sortie time past, expecting everv day to have the pleas-
ure ofcoming home. When I shall start I cannot tell for
certain now, but will try to start within a week or two.
The mill is so situated that it would be torn down if I
should leave, so I think I shall have to stay two weeks
longer, or antU the excitement i3 over. * * *
CHARLES CRANSTON.
Thess letters show us the state of actual things
