THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 25, 1856.
New Series No. 90.
a public document. Such is my own opinion
clearly.
I do not speak of the moneyed cost of this sys-
tem as a matter of any importance, although it is
quite large. The books furnished to members of
the last Congress, if furnished to this Congress,
would cost for each member about §1,260, and the
aggregate would be nearly $170,000. Under the
amendment which the committee propose, the
cost will be about $739 for each member, and the
aggregate about $107,000. The amendment is not
proposed for the purpose of saving the $60,000,
which is but a small sum if any great purpose of
public utility were to be subserved by the expend-
iture, but to check a system that has gone too far
already, and for which no valid reason—I might
say no plausible reason, can be given.
As we think the true policy would have been,
not to distribute any books except those of which
we had copies preserved in the library more
than was needed for it; and that, after the pur-
chase of a thousand copies of a great public work,
and its distribution throughout all the great sec-
tions of the country, the object of the original
distribution was accomplished, it may be asked
why we have included in the resolution, as
amended, some of these works?
I answer, that the House of Representatives
has passed the resolution ordering a much larger
distribution; that something is duo to the opinion
of that House; that old members of the Senate
will probably be unwilling to deny to new mem-
bers the books which they have themselves re-
ceived; and that reforms often have to be made
gradually. Our amendment omits all works, the
editions of which, in the publishers' hands, have
been exhausted ,andoneother which we thought,
at this time, of no special value. We have, in
the amendment, named all the works to be dis-
tributed, as was done in the first resolution for
general distribution in 1828, and because it is
right that the public should have no reason to
suppose that we desire to cover up this practice
as an abuse to be concealed.
The amendment was agreed to. The joint res-
olution was reported to the Senate as amended,
the amendment was concurred in, and ordered to
be engrossed, and the resolution to be read a third
time; it -was read the third time.
Mr. BIGGS. I am not satisfied to vote for the
resolution even in its present modified shape. I
ask for the yeas and nays on its passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WELLER. I had not an opportunity of
hearing the explanation of the Senator from
Maryland, and am, therefore, under the necessity
of asking for the reading of the resolution as
amended.
The Secretary read the resolution as amended.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to ask the Senator
from Maryland whether he has ascertained that
these works can be obtained without a reprint?
Some of them, I understand, are out of print, or
have been distributed far and wide, and are so
completely out of reach that it is not probable a
full supply of them can be had without the ex-
pense of reprinting.
Mr. PEAIICE. I presume the Senator from
Arkansas did not hear my statement.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not.
Mr. PEAIICE. I stated that we had excluded
from the list all books which were out of print.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I understand that each
book named in the resolution as it is amended
can be procured without reprinting.
Mr. PEARCE. That is our belief. It is pos-
sible, however,that in one or two cases there may
be a few numbers deficient. That is merely pos-
sible; but in the more important works, those
•which cost the most, we have ascertained that
they can be supplied by the publishers.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will also suggest to the
Senator that I am under the impression that, at
each successive Congress, the prices of these
works have continued to rise. Would it not be
well to provide that the cost shall be limited to
what it was at preceding Congresses ?
90
Mr. PEAR.CE. That provision is already in
the amendment of the Committee on the Library;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think this whole
business is wrong. I do not remember ever
having voted to distribute books to members of
Congress. I am sure I did not vote for it when I
came here and a proposition was made to give
them to me. I think it has grown to be one of
the most enormous abuses in the Government in
a small way. If the objects originally designed
could be accomplished by this distribution, I
should have no objection to it. I suppose the
intention originally was that these books should
go to the various districts in the United States,
for the public benefit; but we have become so
thoroughly Democratic, and change our repre-
sentation so rapidly, that every year new men
come from most of the districts, and they get
new sets of books. I do not know why Con-
gress should give books to one class more than
to another. If you desire to give books for the
public benefit, send them to the county clerics in
each county of the United States, and deposit
them in their offices where everybody can have
access to them; but do not give them to members
of Congress to speculate on, or sell out at half
price, as they may choose to do, and as I fear
some of them have done.
I think it is a gre^t abuse, and we must stop
it some time and somewhere. Where shall we
stop it? Where can we stop it? If anybody
supposes that I am illiberal in reference to this
matter, and feels aggrieved at my course, he is at
liberty to go and take all the books which I have
in my possession that were voted to me. All
that I received which were of a public character,
I deposited in the city in which I live, subject to
the inspection of every one who chooses to go
and look at them. But I am not willing to vote
a dollar to distribute books in this way. I do
not believe any public benefit results from it. I
think it is a mere matter of speculation in many
cases, and it would be better to keep the money
in the Treasury. I have never voted for such a
proposition, and I never intend to do so.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the passage of the resolution as amended, re-
sulted—yeas 20, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee, Bright,
Brodliead, Blown, Caw,, Clay, Dodge, Evans, Fish, Fitz-
patrick, Font, Faster, Jones of Iowa, Peavce, Stuart,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, and
Weller—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs., Butler, Douglas, Geyer, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Iteid, Se-
bastian, and Toombs—12.
So the joint resolution was passed.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,) That
the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives adjourn the respective
Houses sine die at twelve o'clock, meridian, on the first
Tuesday of July next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator ask for the immediate consideration of
the resolution ? . ,
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senate are willing to
vote upon it at once, I should like to have it
considered.
Mr. WELLER.' I think it would be better
that the resolution should lie over for the present.
I do not suppose it will be possible to adjourn at
as early a period as the first week of July. If
the Senator from Illinois will take the trouble to
examine the Calendar, he will see that it is
utterly impossible for us to dispatch the public
business by that time. I would suggest as a
proper day the 15th of August. [" Oh, no."] I
do not think Congress will be able to close_ the
important business now pending before that time.
At all events I am not ready to fix the day defi-
nitely until I know what disposition is <to be
made of some of the important business now
pending—I speak particularly of those bills which
are of the first importance to the State that I
have the honor to represent on this floor—I mean
the Pacific railroad bill and the bill for a wagon
road. I am unwilling to fix any definite day of
adjournment until I shall have secured the action
of the Senate on those questions of vital import-
ance to the section whence I come.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The consider-
ation of the resolution being objected to, it must
lie over, as a matter of course, under the rules.
ARKANSAS HOT SPRINGS.
Mr. STUART. I desire to call up a bill im-
portant to certain citizens of Arkansas, which was
reported by me a few days since from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. I move to take up the
bill (S. No. 318) to authorize the investigation
and determination of asserted titles to the Hot
Springs of the Ouachita, in the State of Arkansas.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which provides that any persons, their
heirs or legal representatives, claiming title to any
part of the four sections of land (including the
Hot Springs of the Ouachita, in Arkansas) which
were reserved from sale and disposition by the
third section of the act of Congress, approved
April 20,1832, by virtue of or under any New
Madrid location, survey, warrant, or certificate,
or any preemption right under act of Congress,
or any certificate of entry or purchase from the
United States, or any location of any Cherokee
preemption, and whose location, survey, entry,
or purchase, was made, or whose warrant or cer-
tificate was granted or issued, or whose preemp-
tion right accrued prior to April 20, 1832, shall
have the right, within two years after the passage
of the act, and not afterwards, to institute pro-
ceedings, by bill, on the equity side of the circuit
court of the United States for the eastern district
of Arkansas, against the United States; and any
or all persons claiming to hold or be entitled to
any portion of these lands, under any other claim
or right, to try the validity of their respective
claims. It proposes to give the court full authority
to make decrees settling the question of title.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill with two amendments: first, to strike ou,tthe
clause, " and this act shall be in force from and
after its passage;" and second, to add the follow-
ing additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the said court shall have
power to make such decree concerning the payment of costs
m any proceeding under this act as it shall deem equitable
and propel: Provided, That before any person shall be per-
mitted to become a party on motion, as provided in thofirst
section of this act, he or she shall give such security for
costs as shall be satisfactory to the said court.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a.
third reading, was read the third time, and
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. BROWN. I have been seeking, for some
time, to prevail on the Senate to take up the bills
on the Calendar relating particularly to the in-
terests of the District of Columbia. I believe that
this and to-morrow are to be the only leisure
days which the Senate will have. 1 take it for
granted that when the two Houses meet on Mon-
day, we shall proceed actively with the public
business. 1 may then have no chance of getting
the business of the District attended to. There
are some bills of interest to the people of .the
District, about which there can be no litigation
and no debate. If the Senate will indulge me, I
propose to take up these first.. I move to take up
now the bill (S. No. 267) to incorporate.the
Apothecaries' Association of the District of Co-
lumbia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. ,
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know what
is the object of incorporating an apothecaries
association here. .. . ,
Mr, BROWN. Simply that medicines may be
compounded under proper authority) as in other
