1426
THI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19J
cities. There are such, associations iij Boston,
New Yorji, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and other
cities.
The biH proposes to constitute Valentine Har-
baugh, John L. Kidwell, Joseph W. Nairn,
Francis S. Walsh, William H. Gilman, Z. D.
Gilman, Charles Stott, Samuel E. Tyson, and
stitch other p.ersons as are now, or may become,
members of the association known as the Apoth-
ecaries'Association ofthe District of Columbia,
for the purpose of cultivating, improving, and
making known a knowledge of pharmacy, its
collateral branches of science, and the best modes
of preparing medicines and of giving instruction
in the same. They may hold real and personal
estate to an amount not exceeding twenty thou-
sand dollars, together with such buildings, col-
lections of books and of the productions of nature
and of art, as it may want for the purposes of
instruction.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
propose! to insert the following as section five:
Sbc. 5. At\d be it further enacted, That nothing in this
act shall Be so construed as to authorize the said corpora-
tion to issue any note, token, bond, device, scrip, or other
evidence of debt, to be used as a currency in this District
or. elsewhere, as money.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to
lie engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
WASHINGTON COUNTY ROADS.
On motion, of Mr. BROWN, the bill, (S. No.
290) to relieve the corporation of Georgetown
from the payment of bills for making roads west
of Rock Creek, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to repeal all acts, and parts of acts, heretofore
passed by Congress/which impose on the corpo-
ration of Georgetown an obligation to pay any
part of the expenses of opening and repairing
roads in the county of Washington, west of Rock
Creek.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the meaning of this
bill ?
Mr. BROWN. I will explain. The people of
the country portion of this District have hereto- j
fore been drawing money from the city of George-
town, to make roads m the country, whereas
they contribute nothing towards improving the
streets in the city of Geprgetown. Georgetown
complains of this as being burdensome on her.
The committee concurring in that view, report
this bill to relieve her from any portion of the
expense of keeping up the country roads, ena-
bling the country people to take care of their own.
That is the whole matter.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, was ordered to bo engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the Senator from
Mississippi whether the justices in Georgetown
hare not a vote on the question of making roads
in the country—whether they cannot make the
country people have roads >
Mri BROWN. They have a vote as justices
in the levy court.
Mr. HUNTER. Then the amount of it is,
that Georgetown may establish such roads as she
chooses in the country, as far as her strength in
the levy court will go, and tax the people of the
cduntry to make them, while she is to be exempt
from expense. The old system, as I understand,
was that the justices of the whole county, both
those within the corporation limits and those in
the country, sat together; and the burdens were
shared, as the benefits of these roads undoubtedly
are shared, by the people of the city and the coun-
try. Is not the Senator assigning too great a bur-
den to the country people in the county, and giv-
ing too much power to the corporation of George-
town over that in which they will cease to be
interested ? They will have to pay nothing, and
yet may vote to establish these roads, and tax
the country people for them.
Mr. BROWN. I understand that the effect
of this measure will be to separate the people
residing m the country portion of the District
entirely from the cities m keeping Up their roads,
i his will allow them to have roads or not, as
they choose. If they do not choose to submit to
taxation to keep up their own roads, they have
no right to ask Georgetown to foot the bills.
Mr. HUNTER. But will not the people of
Georgetown hare the right, under this bill, to tax
the people of the country for these roads, and
force them to make them?
Mr. BROWN. I do not so understand it.
Mr. HUNTER. I am afraid that will be the
effect.
Mr. BROWN. I am willing-to meet that by
an amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. Perhaps it would be better
to allow the bill to be postponed.
Mr. BROWN. If postponed, I fear we shall
never be able to get it up again. I think the diffi.
culty suggested by the Senator from Virginia
will be obviated by the addition of this proviso:
Provided, That in raising money by taxation for roads
in the county of Washington the members of the levy court
residing in Georgetown ehaii have no vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent, at this stage of the bill, to
make an amendment.
There being no objection, the amendment was
agreed to. The bill was passed.
HARBOR OF GEORGETOWN.
Mr. BROWN. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 291) to provide forimproving the harbor
of Georgetown, District of Columbia.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought there was an un-
derstanding that all contested matters should be
postponed until we have a full Senate.
Mr. BROWN. I do not suppose there will be
any contest about this bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Does it not involve the ques-
tion of the Long Bridge ?
Mr. BROWN. Notatall> it merely makes an
appropriation for the harbor.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to appropriate
$5,000 for tile improvement of Georgetown har-
bor, to be expended under the direction of the
corporate authorities of that city; but no part of
this sum is to be drawn from the Treasury until
the corporate authorities shall, with the funds of
the city, have made such progress in the improve-
ment that it can be completed with the sum ap-
propriated.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This bill, I perceive, con-
tains a provision that the money shall be ex-
pended under the direction of (lie corporate au-
thorities of Georgetown. This is thefirstinstance,
I think, where we have proposed to direct the
money of the Federal Government to be thus ex-
pended. Certainly, some reason should be as-
signed why the money of this Government is not
to be expended in this case according to the usual
practice, by its own officers. There may be good
reason, but I should like to hear it.
Mr. BROWN. I will state the reason. The
committee of the corporation of Georgetown,
consisting of the Mayor and two or three ofthe
aldermen of that city, represented to the Com-
mittee on the District that these appropriations
were generally expended by officers ofthe Govern-
ment m making surveys and fixing up dredging
machines; and about the time they get ready for
work, the money gives out, without anything
useful being done. Then, at the next session of
Congress, if no appropriation bo made, the dredg-
ing machines are sold, and the money conse-
quently lost. They represented that with $5,000,
and such additional sum as they could put to it,
they would be enabled to make the improvement
of the harbor which they desire to make, if
allowed to do it in their own way; but they say
that $5,000, expended under the officers of the
Government, will result in nothing. The com-
mittee thought it would be probably just as well
to let them have it in this way, and therefore
reported the bill in its present shape.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this is
an unnecessary disparagement of our own offi-
cers. _ If we appropriate the money, it ought
certainly to be expended under the direction and
Supervision of our own officers. We have an
engineer corps—men especially educated with ref-
erence to this subject, f do not think there is any
ground for supposing that the officers of the cor-
poration of Georgetown are better qualified to
expend this money, and to construct this work,
than the officers of our engineer corps. I am
utterly opposed to any such grant. It seems to
me that, if we make it, we ought to have the work
executed by our own officers—men educated and
trained for that purpose.  
Mr. BROWN. I am not at all wedded to this
bill. When I reported it I stated that Ldid so under,
the instructions of the committee. If the Sena-
tor from Virginia will look to the proviso, he
will see that it obliges the corporation'of'George-
town to progress with, the work with their own.
means so far that $5,000 will complete it; I
suppose, then, there can be no waste. As I have
said, I am not wedded to this bill. If it is
stoutly objected to, I am willing that it shall go
over.
Mr. HUNTER. Who is to judge whether
the work is completed ? I think this is a bad.
precedent. It is establishing a bad principle.
The people of Georgetown may expend money,
and have the work executed in an insufficient
manner, and yet think that a completion, whilst
Congress might not be willing to appropriate the
money unless it was to perform tne work effi-
ciently. It might not be willing, for an imperfect
execution of the work, to appropriate any money.
I think the bill had better lie over. I move to.
postpone its further consideration until to-mor-
row.
The motion was agreed to.
SCHOOLS IN WASHINGTON COUNTY.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the bill (S. No.
341) to provide for the public instruction of youth
in primary schools throughout the county of
Washington, in the District of Columbia, with-
out the limits of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, was read the second time by its
title, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BROWN. The bill is a very long one,
and I think there is no necessity for-reading it at
length. It has been drawn up by a committee
appointed in the country portion of the District;
has been submitted, I understand, to a meeting of
the citizens, and meets their approbation. The
last section provides that it shall not go into oper-
ation until it be submitted to the people after its
passage, and receive their sanction at an election
to be held for that purpose. It is a bill which we
here are hardly able to investigate closely. It is
drawn up after the model of the Maryland school
law. It does not commit the Government to a dollar
of appropriation. It authorizes the people to levy
taxes on themselves, and expend the money
according to the details of this bill; but the taxes
are not to be levied on the people of the country
until at an election they shall first accept the bill,
and agree to be bound by its provisions.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DISTRICT ARMORY.
Mr. BROWN. Although the Senate is thin, I
should like to have the bill in regard to the Dis-
trict armory taken up and disposed of, so that I
may get it out of my hands. If the Senate are not
disposed to pass the bill, they may as well vote
it down now as at any other time. I wish to have
it disposed of in some way. The bill was report-
ed by the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, in its present form, under the instructions of
the Senate. I desire to have it acted on.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Some time ago, I pre-
sented a resolution calling for information in ref-
erence to matters connected with this bill. I
learned a few days since that that information
was in a state of preparation, and would soon be
submitted to the Senate. I looked for it this
morning, but itlias not come.
Mr. BROW N. I asked the Senator some days
ago whether the information had been sent, and
he said not. I did not think of inquiring again;
but so long a time had elapsed since the informa-
tion was called for, that I supposed it had cer-
tainly been presented.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Some difficulties have
prevented the preparation of the information, and
that is the reason why it was not presented at an
earlier day.
Mr. BROWN. My only object in desiring to
bring the subject to the attention of the Senate
now was to show that I was not neglecting my
duty in this matter. Under the instructions of
the Senate I reported a bill to repeal the law au-
thorizing the construction of the armory. The
