58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28,
Let peace and security dawn upon the whole
land, through the wisdom and clemency of the
Government, and by this dawning and new light
let us take a new start, a new departure. That
is what I desire.
Besides, Mr. President, we shall not be wise, I
think, if we do not mark a distinction between
those crimes which are premeditated, and com-
mitted in a time of tranquillity and peace, and
those which are committed in the currents of a
heady strife, whether it be merely political or
actual civil war. In nine times out of ten, polit-
ical offenses committed under such circumstances
are rather to be attributed to the vices of the
time than to the vices of the individual. That is a
sentiment in which I am sure all will concur. In
times when whole countries and communities are
heated and inflamed, when party is arrayed
against party,and armed bands are arrayed against
each other, and the shedding of blood serves
rather to exasperate parties, what this man or that
man may do, acting a part in such a contest, is
to be attributed rather to the unfortunate day
upon which his lot has been cast, and to the vices
of the times, than to his own individual fault.
I prefer, therefore, that we shall adopt this as
one of the means of justice and pacification. I
do notpresentitasany imbecile offering to gratify
others. No, sir; 1 propose it because 1 think it is
due'to ourselves, to our justice, to the paternal gov-
ernment which we exercise, or ought to exercisc,
over this people. I do it in a spirit of justice
and of sound policy; and if there be lenitv in it,
surely that is no Abjection to any one. We are
told that nothing becomes the crowned monarch
like his mercy—not even his scepter itself. Is
there anything that becomes the high sovereign
character of the people of the United States like
this free, liberal, and lenient justice? I think not.
I have, therefore, introduced it into this bill.
What, then, does this bill contain ? It contains
a substitution of a government by the Governor
and judges, in place of that which was established
over Kansas ny the Kansas-Nebraska act. It
repeals, by the very same provision which the
Senate has heretofore acquiesced in, the obnox-
ious laws which have been passed; they are now
to be at an end. It dismisses the prosecutions
for treason and political offenses; they are to be
put out of the way. Here is a broad road opened
for the return of order, peace, and justice, if, by
this bill, some of the guilty escape proper pun-
ishment, that result will bo more than compen-
sated by the good which such an act will do.
Out, if all the measures of conciliation and
peace shall fail, what then? The last provision
of this bill answers the question, and contains
the final remedy, by authorizing the President to
employ the Army and military forces of the United
States for the utter suppression of all violence,
and the reestablishment of law and justicc in the
Territory
It is contended by some that Congress have no
power to repeal the laws passed by the Legisla-
tive Assembly, and no power to order prosecu-
tions m the courts to be dismissed. I am aston-
ished to hear such an objection made. Sir, the
Constitution confers upon the Congress of the
United States; the government of the Territories.
It is all in Congress, and so perfectly in us that
we may substitute this body, or that body, or
another body, at our pleasure, to exercise it under
us and for us. What is a territoiml government
but this sort of substitution of agency, to exer-
cise the government winch is m us? Sir, the
governmentof Kansas hasnoindependentauthor-
ity. It derives no authority either to legislate
or to judge, under the Constitution of the united
States, lis legislative power, and its judicial
power, in their entirety, are derived from the
Congress of the United States. By the breath of
Congress they exist; and you have full power
and control over us legislative and judicial tribu-
nals. You may change the jurisdiction of its
courts and repeal its laws at your pleasure. Gen-
tlemen argue as though Congress, by creating a
territorial government, had divested itself entirely
of ail authority and all responsibility. No such
thing. ^ You cannot divest yourselves of that
authority. The Constitution has given it to you, (
and you can as soon assume an authority winch |
the Constitution did not give you, as you can j
throw aside an authority it did give you. You j
are bound to take the authority which it gives, i
and upon your responsibility to exercise it. The
territorial government is your own creation in all
its parts, subject at all times to your control and
sovereign power.
But if all the pacific overtures and means which
this bill contains shall fail to reestablish justice
and peace within the borders of Kansas, what
then, sir? 1 am for the most energetic means of
repression. I desire the Government to act mer-
cifully and mildly; but when these means fail, let
it not sink into imbecility and contempt. When
it is necessary to appeal to force to maintain the
laws and the domination of the United States, I
am for using that force energetically,and making
this sharp remedy the sharpest; and the sharper
it is, the shorter and more effectual it will be.
For the very reason that I would first exhaust
all peaceful means, when they fail, I would ex-
haust the most forcible and powerful means. 1
would take the Army, and if there be those so
refractory to this Government as to reject all its
overtures, and still persist in violating its laws,
let them be treated as criminals and malefactors;
and let the sword of the country decide the ques-
tion between the United States and them. The
fifth section of this bill, therefore, provides that
the President of the United States shall have
authority to employ any part of the Army which
he may think proper in the Territory of Kansas.
I will read the mstauces in which he is author-
ized to employ it:
" The President of the United States is hereby autlim-
ized, whenever in his judgment it may become necessary
or proper, to employ any part of the military force of the
United States, when it may become necessary to maintain
the authority of the United States, and of their laws in the
Terntoiy of Kansas, to repel or suppress armed aggre^ionn
fiom without or within, to stippres-s or drive out any band
or bauds of armed men who appear m the Terntoiy, to the
tenor of its inhabitants and the di-turhjinoe of its. peace.
And it shall be the duty of the President to iwe the Army or
military force to preserve the peace of said Territory, sup-
press insurrection, repel invasion, and protect the persons
and property therein."
1 have endeavored, as far ax I could, to concur
with the proviso affixed in the House of Repre-
sentatives to the Army appropriation bill. How-
ever, when they come to provide that the same
protection shall be extended over all the national
highways, believing that there is no authority to
do that, and that to attempt it would be an in-
fraction of the Constitution, I use in place of it
this language:
" And it shall be lus further duty to endeavor, by what-
ever constitutional means he may possess, to secuie to all
the people of the United States who may choose to go to
said Teiriiory, and especially those who may desire to go
there for the honest and peaceable puipose of obtaining a
settlement and a home, their undoubted light of ingress and
egress to and from said Terntoiy, hee from any unlawful
scarc lies, seizine*, oi molestations whatever."
Those who will not consent to be orderly and
peaceablc and submissive citizens under the first
provisions of this bill, are subjected to the armed
compulsion which we give the President of the
United States the power to enforce. That is the
explanation of my bill. A few general remarks
now, and I shall have done*with the subject.
Mr. President, this subject, from the first, has
pressed itself upon my mind as one of the most
vital consequence, and deserving in the highest
degree our earnest attention and action. We
have done nothing heretofore. The Senate, how-
ever, has not been inattentive to its duties. It
has passed bills which it thought competent to
the purpose. They have not been acceptable to
the other House, and that House has not taken
them up, considered them, or acted on them.
Can we adjourn while no remedy is provided
for the existing; evils? I believe there are many
wise men in this country, whose apprehensions
have been excited for the tranquillity of the coun-
try, if not for the stability of the Union; but the
Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] has rid
himself of all those apprehensions, and is pre-
pared to go gaily home before the people on these
issues. Sir, it seems to me that the honorable
Senator has recovered a good deal of his spirits
since the earlier part of the late session. If I
have any correct remembrance of the speech
which he first made here, he was then full of ap-
Srehensions, full of anxiety, full of concern.
Tow he has none. He mocks at the fears of
those who profess to entertain them, and has be-
come a joker of jokes on the subject.
This is a strange change of position. We
must all remember the speech wliich he made,
when, with a sort of dramatic purpose and effect,
(he no doubt had the celebrated trial of Hastings
in his mind,) he arraigned the President of the
United States before this body, as was Hastings
before the House of Lords; and not content with
being the accuser himself, brought, with all her
blood-stained garments, Kansas, as witness and
accuser against him; and the gentleman was the
prosecutor. That scene cannot be so soon for-
gotten—that scene, rendered so memorable by
the abilities and talents of the gentleman, cannot
so soon have passed from the minds of the Senate.
Then, as far as I could judge, there was none of
this gayness. The scene was too solemn. He
was the advocate of trampled-down, oppressed,
and blood-stained provinces. He looked with
terror and apprehension to that scene. He in-
vited aid and assistance for the reprehension of
those evils, and the punishment of those offenders
whom he charged with bringing them about.
Now, he tells us he has no concern. I confess
I have apprehensions on the subject—they may
be unfounded; I wish they may prove so in the
result; but I have apprehensions, and I am sure
I do not stand alone in entertaining them.
Mr. President, the state of things in Kansas is
bad enough to excite the apprehensions of those
who look with the concern with which, I think,
we ought to look on everything that may affect
the tranquillity of our country, much less the
stability of its laws and its Constitution. So far
from being able to look at any surrounding cir-
cumstances as alleviating these fears and appre-
hensions, it seems to me that the times are full of
signs and omens foreboding still greater evils:
foreboding, not the restoration of peace by the
action of society itself in Kansas, but forebod-
ing an increase and spread of evil everywhere.
What are some of those signs ? Sir, do we not
hear of the muster of men* of the levying of aids
in every form and shape, North and South? I
am not sectional in my feelings on this subject at
all. I consider myself, with you and my asso-
ciates here, the common rulers of a common coun-
try—of all these people. I will take no sides about
it. 1 will do justice in all respects as far as 1 am
capable of doing it, and without respect to per-
sons. Do we not hear of preparations all around
for feeding this little civil war in Kansas, sus-
taining it with money, supplying the parties there
with arms, and furnishing men to carry it on ? Is
not that a sign of bad omen ? And is not the same
feeling which originated this cooperation in dis-
tant parts, now as actively, and more actively at
work than ever? and will it not continue to be
more active than ever ? As the flames spread, the
heat is more intense; the conflagration is more
destructive the greater the volume of its flame
becomes. This ought, at least, to warn us and
put us upon our guard.
Is there not another sign ? This Kansas ques-
tion, in all its parts, is to be brought into the
presidential election. We know that. It is to
be made to furnish excitement that is to be urged
to the uttermost through every part of this ex-
tended country. I have nothing disrespectful or
unkind to say of the candidate representing the
party that endeavors to employ this excitement.
I speak only of political facts and parties as they
exist—of the course and action and tendency of
parties. Is it not known to every one who hears
me—is there one so uncandid as to deny it—that
these troubles in Kansas are to form the great
elements in that excitement which is expected to
carry Mr. Fremont into the Presidency > We all
know it. And poor Kansas! what is her destiny,
and what is her part here? She must remain a
scene of blood; and more, in their bloody wind-
ing sheets, m the virgin soil of Kansas, must be
victims, in order to propitiate fortunes in favor
of a particular party election in the United States.
You must have victims from Kansas. You must
have emissaries to. announce those victims; you
must have witnesses, or you must at least have
telegraphs, to establish their truth throughout
the land; and stump speeches—or, if ! may say
so, long senatorial speeches, cut up into half a
dozen little ones, would serve the purpose of
many a little cross-road gathering, and many a
stump — to rouse the people to madness and to
mutiny.
Sir, this is the temper existing in the country
| at this time, and it tends greatly to increase ap-
1 prehension, that while this policy is pursued
