1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
question of damages is involved; the work is going
on, and of course the damages are daily increas-
ing. I have been anxious to get a vote of the
Senate on the question, and I desired to bo under-
stood that I was not neglecting a duty imposed
on me by this body. This is the reason why I
made the motion.
Mr. FITZPATRICfC. I am Weil aware, as
the Senate is, that, on all proper occasions, the
Senator from Mississippi has endeavored to
obtain action on the bill. I should not objectto
its consideration now, but that I know a great
deal of information wilt be furnished to the Sen-
ate by the answer to the resolution to which I
have referred.
Mr. BROWN. I am willing to withdraw the
motion.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 19, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read an d approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the motion of Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee, to amend the Journal of Saturday, the
7th instant, the question immediately pending
being a motion to lay that motion on the table.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Speaker, my colleague
|Mr. Edwards^ has been called home by severe
illness in his family. Before leaving he informed
me that during the vacation he had prepared a
speech which he intended to deliver in the House.
He has been unable to do so. He requested that
I would ask the unanimous consent of the House
to publish those remarks. I ask that that consent
be granted. I know nothing of the remarks. I
iiave not seen them; but I think I can say that
there will be in them nothing personally offensive
to any gentleman.
There was no objection.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. LINDLEY. Mr. Speaker, 1 ask the
unanimous consent of the House to make a per-
sonal explanation.
No objection was made.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. There is not a
quorum present. I suggest, however, if there
are any personal explanations to be made, that
we devote this day to that object. We will thus
save time in future. I hope my friend from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] will not interpose any
constitutional objection.
Several Members. Very well. We adopt the
suggestion.
Mr. LINDLEY then addressed the House for
one hour, upon the subject of political parties in
the State of Missouri, and also in explanation of
his course in reference to the Kansas-Nebraska
foil! and the Speakership. His speech is, at his
request, withheld for revision, and will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbcry Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed, withoutamend-
ment, bills of the House of the following titles:
H. R. No. 311. An act to revive and continue
in force the provisions of the act of 1853, in rela-
tion to suspended entries of public lands, and the
act of 1846, in relation to suspended preemption
land claims; and
H. R. No. 207. An act for the relief of the
heirs of Colonel Charles Simms, collector of the
port of Alexandria.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles:
S. No. 330. An act for the relief of certain
actual settlers and cultivators who purchased
lands subject to graduation, within the limits of
the Choctaw cession of 1830, and at less rate
than the true graduated price under the act to
graduate and reduce the price of the public lands
to actual settlers and cultivators, approved the
4th of August 1854, and for other purposes;
S. No. 264. An act to amend an act entitled
"An act requiring foreign regulations of com-
merce to be laid annually before Congress," ap-
proved August 16,1842, and for other purposes;
and
1427
S. R. No. 21. A resolution authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to modify the plan of
the custom-house at Ellsworth, Maine:
In which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. WALKER. I rise to make a privileged
motion. I move that when the House adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I hope my colleague's
motion will not be agreed to; to-morrow is pri-
vate bill day.
Mr. WALKER. I make the motion in the
belief that though we have manifestly a quorum
present, we have not a working quorum. If the
House think differently I will withdraw my mo-
tion. [Cries of " No!"]
Mr. WALKER. Very well; then I insist on
my motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for a divis-
ion.
The question was put; and on a division, there
were—ayes 32, noes 44.
Mr. WHITNEY. I call for tellers.
Mr. JONES. I am satisfied that there is not
a working quorum present; and I move, there-
fore, that this House do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes 58,
noes 44.
And thereupon (at ten minutes past one o'clock,
p. m.) the House adjourned until to-morrow, at
twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 20, 185G.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CORRECTION OP THE JOURNAL.
The SPEAKER stated that the question first
in order was the motion to lny on the tabie the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] to amend the Journal of Saturday, the 7th
instant.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. And I hope, before
we do anything else, we will get rid of this ques-
tion, that has vexed us so long.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Speaker,
I ask the unanimous consent of the House to fol-
low the example of the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Lindley,] and make some remarks of a
personal character.
Mr. COBB. This is private bill day, and I
object to any other business out of order. If it
were not private bill day, I would not object to
the remarks of the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If we have a quo-
rum, we had better dispose of the pending motion
to lay on the table the motion for the amendment
of the Journal of Saturday, the 7th instant.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope that the gentleman
from Maine will be allowed to make the personal
explanation that he desires.
Mr. CARL1LE. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The motion to amend the
Journal is privileged in its nature, and must be
put before any other motion is made.
Mr. CARLILE. Since the motion to amend
the Journal has been pending, other motions, if I
mistake not, have been made, entertained by the
Chair, and acted on.
The SPEAKER. No motion has been en-
tertained except by unanimous consent. The
question is on the motion to lay on the table the
motion to amend the Journal of Saturday, the 7th
instant.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask a division
of the House on that question, to ascertain
whether or not a quorum is present.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The yeas
and nays have been refused.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays were
refused.
Mr. JONES. But that Was the other day.
They were not refused to'-day.
The SPEAKER. The call for the yeas ami
nays is in order. The vote was taken on tlie
question the other day, and there was not a
quorum preset; consequently there was ho valid
vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered. The ques-
tion "was taken, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 89, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alien, Ball, Barbour, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, lirenton, Broom, Buffinton,
Lewis D. Campbell, Carlrie, Chaffee, Bayard Clark, Claxtf-
soii, Colfax, Coroins, Cumtaek, Damrell, Day, Dean, Dotld,
Dunn, Durfee, Edie, Erarie, English, Btheridge, Evans,
Faulkner, Flagler,Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Giddings,
Goode, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harrison, Haven, Thomas K.
Horton, Keisey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Letter,
McCarty, McQueen, Meacham, Kiliian Miller, Milison,
Morgan, Morrill, Audrew Oliver, Parker, Pettit, Pike,
Pringle, Purviance, Ready, Ritchie, Bobbins, Robison,
Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Seward, Simmons, Spinner,
Stanton, Tappan, Thurston, Todd, Tration, Valk, Wake-
man, Wnlbridge, Waldron, Walker, Cadwaiader C. Wash-
burne, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson,
Whitney, Winslow, Woodruff, Woodworth, and" Zolli-
coffer—80.
NAYS—Messrs, Aiken, BavksdaJe, Hendtey S. Bennett,
But nett, John P. Campbell, Caruthers., Williamson R. W.
Cobh, Cox, Davidson, Dowdell, Florence, Foster, Augustus
Hall, Sampson W. Hams, Thomas L. Harris, Heibert,
Houston, George W. Jones, Kelly, Lake, Letcher, Lump-
kin, Smith Miller, Nichols, Paine, Phelps, Puryear, Quit-
man, Reade, Rieaud, Ruffin, Sneed, Stephens, Taylor,
Underwood, Warner, Watkins, and Williams—3o.
So the motion to amend the J ournal was laid
on the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. , I renew the
application I made a few moments ago to make a
few remarks. I never made the application be-
fore, and I never objected to it when it came from
another member.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. The gentleman from
Maine is well aware that I seldom object to any-
thing of the kind, and he must excuse me if I
make objection to what he asks. This is private
bill day, and it may be the only one for a month
to come; and with one hundred and thirty-five
private cases on the Calendar, I feel it to be a duty
we owe to those claimants to go into committee,
and take up their claims for action. 1 make the
motion that we it-solve ourselves into the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. CARLILE. I make the motion that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEPHENS. Before the question is taken
on the motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, I hope
the House will take up and act on the bills which
lie upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. COBR. Very well; I have nq objection
to that. I withhold my motion for that purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If my memory
serves me right, there are bills on the Speaker's
table which were reported from the Committee
of the Whole House weeks ago; and I presume
those are the bills to which the gentleman from
Georgia refers.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I insist on the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is a call on the standing committees for
reports of a private character. The motion made
by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Carlile]
is now in order, and the question will be first
taken on that motion. He moves that the House
resolve itself into the Committee Of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The question was put; and there were, on a
division—ayes 52, noes 58; no quorum voting.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House do now
adjourn, as there seems to be no quorum present.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call for tellers
upon the motion that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and"
Goode were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 59, noes 66.
So the motion was not agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS OF MHINJ2. .
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, by unanimous con-
sent, presented resolutions of that State, passed
