1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
:hm
it as a mere waste of money to do so. If we
intend to build a bridge of the proper kind, as I
said before, let us appropriate the money, and
build it in the proper manner, and in the right
place.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote for the amendment
offered by the Senator from Virginia. From his
remarks, and the authorities he he 3 furnished, I
feel perfectly satisfied that there is no foundation
for the complaint which has been made as to the
inconvenience resulting from the Long Bridge,
nor for the charge that it has created a mud flat
in the river. I can readily understand that the
causeway, which I understand has been made by
the citizens of Georgetown, from Mason's Island
to the other bank, lias thrown the water from the
channel upon this flat, and, as a matter of course,
has left deposits there. That, I apprehend, is the
fact; and this idea is sustained by the chart made
outinl792. It is very reasonable that such should
be the case. While the channel was open on the
other side of Mason's Island, the mud and sand
from above would partly go through that channel;
but as soon as the causeway was made from
Mason's Island, the western channel being closed,
it of course threw the whole sediment into the
main channel, and hence it would lodge on the
flat. For this reason, the argument, that the flat
has been caused by the Long Bridge, falls to the
ground, according to my apprehension; but I do
not th ink that the other argument used by the Sena-
tor fiomMississippiis sufficient. He saysthatthe
people of Virginia living contiguous to the Long
Bridge, and the people of Alexandria, should be
forced to go two or three miles out of their way,
in order to build up the commerce of Georgetown.
Mr. BROWN. Not to build it up, but to pre-
vent its obstruction.
Mr. RUSK. There is a question as to whether
it docs obstruct it.
Mr. BROWN. I thmk the people of George-
town are the best judges of that matter. They
maintain, to a man, that it does obstruct their
commcrco.
Mr. RUSK. I think I can perceive another
motive which they may have. It would be a very
convenient thing for the people of Georgetown
to force the entire travel between the North and
South through their town. Now, sir, I have
never been in favor of incommoding a whole com-
munity for the benefit of any particular city. I
have never known of a little two-horse town that
did not want to change every road in the neigh-
borhood, and subject the whole community to a
very large tax in order that they might grow up
into an important place. I am willing to vote
liberally for Georgetown out of the public Treas-
ury, for it is part of the District of Columbia, for
which we are the exclusive legislators; but I can-
not support the people of that town 111 an attempt
to incommode not only the citizens of Alexandria,
and of Virginia, who live in the vicinity of this
bridge, upon the hypothesis that their commerce
is injured by it, but also to incommode the whole
travel between the North and South. I shall,
therefore, vote for the amendment of my friend
from Virginia.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator from Texas says
he has been entirely satisfied by the argument and
authorities of his friend from Virginia. If so, I
think my friend from Texas must have been pre-
disposed to be satisfied; for I do not think the
chart 01* the argument of the Senator from Vir-
ginia shows that the statement made by the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on the District
of Columbia [Mr. Brown] was erroneous. Now
let us look at this question. I went to school in
that town when I was a boy, and at that period
vessels of a large tonnage came up there every
day in the week. The channel has become ob-
structed since then. The honorable Senator from
Virginia says that the obstruction has been occa-
sioned by the causeway from Analostan or Ma-
son's Island to the Virginia shore. Surely, that
is impossible. Mason's Island is opposite the
upper or western portion of Georgetown.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will look at
the chart, he will understand me; it is obvious
now that he does not. The bar which stops the
vessels is a bar formed at the lower end ot Ma-
son's Island, which did not exist until that cause-
way was thrown over by Georgetown; and that
bar does not touch the mud flat which is com-
plained of.
Mr. PRATT. I will show conclusively that
it is utterly impossible to attribute it properly to
that causeway. The island itself is situated op-
posite the westers portion of Georgetown, and
the causeway is from the western part of that
island to the Virginia shore. How is it possible
that by obstructing the channel which formerly
ran west of that island you would create a bar east
of it? There is no engineer, who has practical
sense, who would advance such an idea. There
is no engineer on earth, with all the science he
can bring to bear on the subject, who could con-
vince a practical man of any such thing, Here
is a body of water which, prior to the construction
of the causcway, ran on both sides of the island.
A causeway was made west of the island. What
was the consequence? It prevented any portion
of the volume of water which came down the
Potomac river from going west of that island, and
threw it all down the course which it now runs.
Therefore I cannot conceive how it is possible, by
throwing the whole volume of water in one chan-
nel, to create a bar there. The idea is incon-
sistent with another portion of the argument of
the Senator from Virginia, in which he supposed
that, by making a part of the Long Bridge 111 such
  manner that water could not pass under it, and
thereby throwing the whole volume of water into
a smaller channel, you would keep open the
channel. That was the object of the citizens of
Georgetown when they erected the causeway
from Mason's Island. It was rational to suppose
that when, instead of suffering the water to go
west of that island, they throw it all east of the
island, and thus forced it through a narrower chan-
nel, they would tend to keep the channel open?
The idea is advanced by the Senator from Vir-
ginia himself in his argument in reference to the
effect of the Long Bridge.
It is a very material fact in this investigation,
that the causeway at Mason's Island was built
before the erection of the Long Bridge. After the
erection of the causeway, and prior to the con-
struction of the bridge, there was no obstruction
to the navigation of the Potomac at'this point.
The proposition of the Senator from Virginia
strikes mo as singular. He admits, that when this
causeway was built, five or ten years before the
erection of the bridge, there was no obstruction,
and none existed until the bridge was made; yet
he attributes the subsequent obstruction not to
the bridge, but to the causeway ! That is the
argument of the Senator from Virginia, with
which my friend from Texas seems to be so readily
satisfied. The causeway was erected eight or ten
years before the bridge. Before the bridge ex-
isted there was no obstruction. The obstruction
commenced at the period of the erection of the
bridge, and has existed ever since. Now, is it
not a false argument to attribute the obstruction
to the causeway, and not to the bridge, when
before the building of the bridge there was no ob-
struction at all?
But again, Mr. President, as the chairman of
the Committee on the District of Columbia has
very correctly said, from the time when the bridge
was erected the people of Georgetown have been
always asking for its removal. Whenever any
accident has happened to it, there has been resist-
ance here to any appropriation for its repair.
Now, I submit that, as a general rule, the people
are best acquainted with their own interests; and
when you find a unanimity of opinion in a com-
munity with reference to an injury to themselves,
you may safely assume that they judge correctly.
There is another view of the subject which has
not been adverted to. It is known to all of us
that the presidential mansion is uninhabitable
for a portion of the year, because of the sickness
occasioned by this bridge. They have put perma-
nent abutments at the end of the bridge on each
side, which collect the mud; and 1 have seen,
during the last three years, seventy acres of mud,
in the summer time, exposed to the heat of the
sun. The miasma arising from this has occa-
sioned unhealthiness in all that portion of the
city, and especially in and about the executive
mansion. As theie are many aspirants on this
floor for the honor of a residence m that mansion,
[laughter,] I submit that there is a personal ar-
gument with many Senators why they should
not vote for an appropriation to keep this nuisance
in existence.
The Senator from Virginia says that, by de-
stroying the Loftg Bridge, "vtfe shall interfere with
the system of roads in Virginia made with refer-
ence to the location of tlus bridge. Now,,the
Committee on the District ofCoInmbiahave under
consideration a proposition to build a permanent
bridge at the head of tide-water, at some rocks
which are called the Three Sisters, just above
Georgetown. The Senator from Texas suppos.es
that it would be very wrong to inconvenience the
people of Alexandria by making them go two f$r
three miles round Georgetown, to come to Wash-
ington. The fact is, that, if a bridge be erectfed
there, they will have a shorter distance td travel
in order to get here. If I recollect rightly the
distance from that point, we shall bring Alexan-
dria in closer propinquity to Washington by tlie
bridge we propose to erect, than is at present the
case.
Mr. HUNTER. Where is that bridge to be ?
Mr. PRATT, At the Three Sisters. There
is already a road from the west end of the cross-
ing at Mason's Island to Alexandria, and from
Georgetown to Alexandria, that is the nearer road;
so that Ave get rid of that objection.
Again, sir, there is not an attempt on the part
of Georgetown—as the Senator from Texas sup-
poses—to accumulate all the travel through it.
There was a proposition pending, which was
voted down at the last session, but which will be
presented again, on the part of the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company, asking to be permitted
to extend their road to Alexandria, not by going
through Georgetown,butby crossing the eastern
branch of the Potomac river, then going; down
the valley of the Potomac, and crossing the river
at Alexandria. That is one connection with the
Virginia system of railroads which is proposed
to be made, and which I take it for granted will
be permitted to be made by the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company.
I can, therefore, see no inconvenience in voting
to pull this bridge down, and to put it in a place
which will not interfere with the health of the
people of Washington, and those who come here
iii a public capacity, and those who are obliged
to live here permanently, and which will not in-
terfere with the navigation of the Potomac river.
I think it is our duty to do so. I hope the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Virginia will
not prevail. I have only to ask that the yeas
and nays may be taken upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I take an in-
terest in this subject, not for the reason assigned
by the honorable Senator who last addressed
the Senate—not because I feel concerned in re-
gard to the White House in the western part
of the town—but because I am already a house-
holder there, and have been brought into com-
munication with citizens both of Georgetown and
of Washington who are connected with this
question; and, without any detailed argument, 1
will state the conclusion at which I have arrived
under the circumstances in which I have been
placed.
1 think there ought to be some good communi-
cation between that portion of Washington and
the Virginia side of the river. That the Long
Bridge which is there now, and has been standing-
there for fifty years, is not such a structure as is
required by the dignity of the capital, or as 19
required by the increasing commerce of George-
town and Washington, is perfectly apparent. Itis
alleged, also, that it is a cau.se of the obstructions
to the navigation. That point is disputed; and
I am unprepared to determine the question for
myself upon any demonstration which is now
before the Senate. Therefore, I think it right to
reserve that question until we shall have a report
from the War Department in answer to a resolu-
tion which the Senate, at my instance, were kind
enough to adopt only a few days ago, asking the
Department for information on the subject, and
for the opinions which the Department entertains.
When that report is here, and we have the facts
before us, we shall be prepared, I think, to con-
sider the question in the aspect in which is in-
volved the navigation of the river. In the mean
time, I see no reason why an appropriation should
be made for the Long Bridge in any event; be-
cause, independently of that question, I think all
men will agree that it is due from Congress to
throw over the river, at an unobjectionable point,
if such a one can be found, a suspension bridge,
