1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
merely for the purpose of carrying an election, it
may collaterally have the fatal effect of stirring
up civil war in the land. That once done m
Kansas, with the air all made inflammable by the
speeches and delusions and excitementand tragic
tales which are told, one single spark may light
up the whole atmosphere, and it may spread
through this broad land. It seems to me there is
some ground to apprehend all this. My duty is,
and ray wish has been, without offense, without
a word of reproach, to treat all things exactly
according to their nature and their natural and
political tendencies, and bring this danger face to
face with you in all its broad extent, and have
these angry lineaments of a civil warfare presented
before you, that you might be moved to take all
the necessary and all the possible courses for the
purpose of preventing it.
I think we ought not to adjourn until we have
adopted some measure that we consider efficient.
I want to settle it here. I do not want Congress,
and all its members, to go to their respective
homes to try issues before the people. I see
what they are to result in. They are to result,
necessarily, in such speeches as must increase
the alienation of one portion of this country from
another—must break up that brotherhood, and
union, and affection, which once existed, and
which I desire to see restored. I want to prevent
all that by settling the issue quietly here, and by
legislative means which are adapted to the end,
rather than have it settled by furious and fiery
invective, calculated to alienate section from sec-
tion, and divide our country, if carried home to
the people. It is our duty to the country to extin-
guish, at once, this spark of civil war; and, in my
judgment, we shall not be guiltless if we go home
without doing it. This state of things cannot last
long. The excitement which now exists; the
feeling of alienation and of animosity which pre-
vails—all produced by artificial means—will be
overcome by the sober judgment of the people, if
you give them time. There is a moment of fanat-
icism, and a moment of delusion; but that moment
' may be fatal, unless we guard against its exten-
sion. It cannot last. It is too uncongenial to the
feelings of the people of the United States; too
uncongenial to their patriotism; too uncongenial
to that kindred kindness which binds us together
from one end of this mighty Union to the other.
It will pass away, and be succeeded by nobler,
higher, and better thoughts and action. That
North, which has actejl so distinguished apart in
the history of this country, will turn aside from
the hallucinations which possess it to-day; and
with a finger steadfast as her own north star, she
will point us, as of old she used to do, in the way
of the Constitution and of the laws and of the
Union.
Sir, think you that old Massachusetts can long
remain the victim of such delusions and fanati-
cism as have to a great extent possessed her for
a time? No, sir; I do not believe it. Her name
will reaseend and brighten in the skies. She will
recollect her Websters, her Everetts,her Davises,
and her Winthrops, who in my time have graced
and honored her by sitting as members of this
body, whose voices were never raised except in
the cause of patriotism, the cause of the Union,
and the cause of law. She cannot remain in her
present condition. Her hallucinations and all
that belongs to them, or that has sprung from
them, will pass away like a shadow, and she will
be herself again. .
I believe all this. I have, an abiding faith m
the destiny of my country and an abiding faith m
the intelligence, honesty, and patriotism of her
people. But for the present, I am apprehensive
of the consequences that may result from the state
of things in Kansas, unless a healing and remedial
hand is applied by the Congress of the United
States. It is with a view humbly of making my
poor offering towards the accomplishment of this
object, that I have been tempted to present you
with this bill, very imperfect no doubt, much less
suited to the occasion than other gentlemen might
be capable of presenting; but from me my mite
was due, and I endeavored to render it. I wish
first to bind up, as far as I can, and staunch every
wound that has been given in this civil contest in
Kansas. I wish to prevent the repetition of it.
All peaceful means failing, the power and the
right of the people of the United States must be
sustained and upheld, and their strong hand must
be made to strike down every offender who can-
not be reclaimed by justice and by mercy. No
other alternative is left; and therefore, m this last
section I have proposed to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to use the whole Army
for this purpose; so that whoever shall go into
that Territory with arms in his hands, to the terror
and fright of peaceable people, shall be repressed
and put down by the President, with his bayo-
nets and his lines, and be driven out of the Ter-
ritory if necessary; for none shall be so bold there
as to disregard the sovereignty of the people of
the United States, the sovereign of us all, a sov-
ereign entitled to our respect, our awful respect,
and our obpdience to its laws.
If we are worthyto be a Congress to represent
such a people as the people of the United States,
we shall know how to vindicate their authority,
and maintain their dominion. This bill proposes
that, all peaceable means failing, forcible ones
shall succeed; and, as 1 would use in the first
instance all the most peaceable means to accom-
plish the end, so, in the last alternative, I would
use the most forcible means to accomplish the
object, and extinguish at once, and tread out, the
lawless civil war which is attempted to be raised
there.
I have said, in a desultory and imperfect
manner, what I designed to say on this subject.
I shall not trouble the Senate further. I am very
thankful for the attention with which what I have
said has been received, however little it may be
worthy of the Senate. I desire now to ask that
the bill be received and printed, and for the pres-
ent laid on the table for the consideration of the
Senate.
Leave was granted to introduce a bill (S. No.
466) to alter and amend the act of Congress enti-
tled " An act to organize the Territories of Ne-
braska and Kansas," approved May 30, 1854;
and it was read the first time, passed to a second
reading, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill of the Senate to
supply an omission in the enrollment of a certain
act without amendment.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I have a report to make from
the committee of conference on the Army appro-
priation bill. The House have acted upon it;
their message is not yet here; but I suppose it
will be in a minute or two. I have to report that
the committee of conference were unable to agree.
It would not have been possible to agree with
them unless we consented to put legislation in
regard to Kansas on the Army bill; and not only
to put legislation in regard to Kansas upon the bill,
but such legislation as I am sure a majority of
the Senate would never agree to as a separate and
independent measure. As reference has been
made in the other House by the chairman of the
committee of conference on the part of that body,
to the proceedings of the committee, 1 may be
allowed to refer to them so far as to say this: In
the first of the series — and when we could not
agree on this, it was useless to proceed to others
—it was insisted thatsuch a proviso as this should
be on the Army appropriation bill*:
Provided, That no part of the military force of the United
States, for the support of which appropriations are made by
this act. shall hi* employed in md of the enfoicement ot any
enactment of the body claiming to be tile Turntonal Legis-
lature of Kansas.
Mr. President, as it was obvious that no agree-
ment could be had with them except upon the
condition of inserting legislation in the military
appropriation bill to which we were altogether
opposed, in regard to Kansas; and not only in-
serting it, but inserting such legislation as this,
we separated without agreement, with the design
of reporting our proceedings to the two Houses.
It is fair for me to state, in connection with this,
that it is admitted on all hands that we are hold-
ing out, not against the will of the majority of
the House of Representatives, if every member
were present, but we are insisting upon that for
which a majority of that House would insist if
it were full. That has been conceded to us on all
hands. It has been admitted everywhere that, if
the House were full, a majority would be in favor
of just such a bill as we have proposed to pass.
Under these circumstances, and believing, as
doubtless a majority of the Senate believe, that
they cannot, without a sacrifice of their consti-
tutional rights, agree to be forced to permit'legisla-
tion on an appropriation bill to which they would
object, even as an independent measure; we think
it our duty, cost what it may, to disagree from this
proposition; and when their message comes up,
announcing to us, what I understand to be the
fact, that they have adhered, I shall propose a
similar course. The message is here now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive the message.
Mr. Barclay, (Assistant Clerk of the House
of Representatives.)
Mr. President: The House of Representatives ftirther
insists ou its adherence to it* amendment, disagreed to by
the Senate, to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. lo3) making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30,1857.
Mr. HUNTER. Under the circumstances, I
suppose there is a very large majority of the
Senate who believe they cannot consent to this
demand of the House without the sacrifice of
their rights as a coordinate branch of this Legis-
lature; and I presume that majority is of opinion
that it would be far better to lose the bill than to
make any such concession of the constitutional
rights and privileges of the Senate, especially
when it is admitted that we are struggling, not
aeainst the will of the majority of the House,
fairly ascertained; because, if it were full, it is
agreed a majority of that body would be with
us; but we are struggling against a majority of
the House as it now happens to be accidentally
constituted, which majority have refused to give
the necessary process to call back the absent
members. Under these circumstances, we are
struggling for a right which is not only claimed
here, but which would be admitted, we are told,
if the House of Representatives were full.
I should like to go a little further, to touch the
source of this mischief, to show how it is that
the difficulty has occurred, and why it is impos-
sible, upon the plan upon which the majority of
the House, as now constituted, is proceeding,
that we ever can settle the Army bill. It is im-
possible, with the known opinions of the two
Houses, that we ever can settle the Kansas diffi-
culty on this appropriation bill; because there is
a radical difference of opinion between the two
bodies in that regard. That House demands
concessions; and if we are to judge from this,
which is one of a series of propositions, the
others not being submitted, as we refused to agree
to this, the majority will not be contented with
other than a total suspension or repeal of the
laws of Kansas, and, in fact, a virtual abrogation
of the Kansas-Nebraska act.
Now, Mr. President, to see how far it would
be possible for us to concede, even as an independ-
ent measure, let us look and see what is that act
according to our theory. It was passed as a com-
promise between the friends of that measure.
Some of them believed that Congress had the
power to legislate over Territories; others be-
lieved the people of the Territory had the right
to legislate for themselves after the organic act
was once passed, which constituted them into a
Territorial Legislature. Both, however, agreed
that this power of legislation could be given to
them by grant; and by grant it was given, the
one agreeing to the grant for one reason, and the
other for another.
But, sir, this was not the only difference which
they had to compromise. One portion of the
friends of-the measure believed that it would have
been unconstitutional for that Legislature to pro-
hibit slavery in the Territory; another portion
believed they had the right. For the purpose of
enabling that question to be tried by the judiciary,
it was positively.inserted, that the Constitution of
the United States should be the guide, and have
full forcc and effect in that Territory. 1 believed
it would have force and effect without the intro-
duction of that provision; but it was done out
of abundant caution, to enable this question to
be tried by the judiciary if it should ever arise.
That was another ground of compromise. As
we could not agree upon the abstract merits of
the question, we did agree that it should be de-
cided by the Judiciary.
So far as the Territorial Legislature may have
passed unconstitutional laws, I believe we y
