1890.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69*
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Dunn.
Ho. or Reps.
the peace and harmony of the country for along
time to come, and, as some suppose, the very ex-
istence of the Government—involving, certainly,
great and important principles, will not be per-
mitted to take the novel course indicated by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow.] I see
no reason for departing, in this instance, from the
usual modes of legislative proceeding. The ob-
ject of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union is for the full and careful consider-
ation—the cautious maturing and perfecting of
measures before bringing them into the House
for final action. Experience has long ago shown
that this committee is the best place for that pur-
pose, and the only place where you can certainly
accomplish that purpose. There your bills may
be amended again and again, and as often as seems
needful from suggestions made, without restric-
tion, until the whole object sought to be accom-
plished is perfectly secured. 1 insist this bill
shall take that course.
Let me ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
who reported this bill, what provision "lie has
made in respect to the so-callea State officers of
Kansas, and the judicial proceedings which we
are advised have been instituted against them ?
I heard nothing in the reading to meet this em-
barrassment. I believe the gentleman who claims
to be the Governor elect of the proposed State has
been indicted in one of the territorial courts for
the crime of high treason—a charge where the
indicted person cannot be admitted to bail. I
have no ground for making the statement, of
course, but newspaper authority; but the fact is
generally admitted, and, indeed, it is proclaimed
as matter of complaint by the friends of this bill
that he is so indicted. I understand front the
same sources that the Lieutenant Governor elect
also has been indicted for the same high offense,
and that almost all, if not every one, connected
with the so-called State government movement
in Kansas have been similarly indicted.
Now, sir, suppose you admit Kansas into the
Union under the provisions of this bill, and this
new State government is authorized to go into
operation—all the State officers still standing in-
dicted for an unbailable offense, and if not already
in custody certain to be taken into custody as
soon as they are found within reach of process,
how is the question to be decided between the
judicial tribunals of the United States and the
authorities of the new State government? If
this House is in effect to declare these accused
persons innocent before trial where the charge is
preferred, and where by the fixed lata it is to be
tried, 1 desire to know where is the authority,
under the laws, usages, or Constitution of the
country for our action? Upon what evidence
shall we proceed ? You send to Kansas for evi-
dence, and then proceed to try and settle every-
thing before you get that evidence. We are
told, but by no responsible authority, that the
people of Kansas have constructed for them-
selves a ship of State, and put her upon the wa-
ters—that ner officers and crew are all named,
ready to go on board and take her out upon the
great voyage of the future, as soon as Congress
shall authorize a register. But we are also told
that another Department of this Government,
■whose business it is and whose duty it is to take
care that those to whom such great interests are
intrusted are true and tried men, has discovered
that this is a pirate crew—that they have in fact
been already engaged in acts of piracy in our po-
litical waters—of treason; and, therefore, that
this Department has arrested and brought these
alleged offenders to trial, where they may be de-
tained an indefinite time at the least; and they
may never again be released. What does this
bill propose in this dilemma?. Does it propose
anything? Can it propose anything? Will you
send that proud ship out upon the flood, to its
winds and waves, silent and empty? Will you
turn her out to the accidents of the sea, where
she may fall into the hands of true men or buc-
caneers or wreckers, as the storms or tides of
popular passion or unlicensed and irresponsible
force may determine? or will you give her up to
the designated crew, in contempt and scorn of
all propriety, of the constituted tribunals, and
the Constitution and long-existing laws of the
country—laws which havs been in existence
and operative from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, and without the existence of which
Government could not last an hour, and ought
not, for when the legislative or any other power
turns the judicial department out of doors, no
man is safe in his life, liberty, or property?
There is no place of redress for, or refuge from,
wrong, oppression, outrage in all forms. An-
archy is a better state than that. Rebellion is then
the remedy, and wherever, in such a condition
of things, there is the spirit of manhood left,
there will be rebellion, and there ought to be re-
bellion.
If it is proposed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to carry out this extraordinary pro-
ceeding of his, then I tell him, and all men, that
he inaugurates a revolution more terrible in its
•workings and co nsequences than any act which has
occurred amongst us within the existence of the
Government. The unavoidable consequences of
such measures of madness must be seas of blood.
Gentlemen sometimes talk about dissolving the
Union, and alarm themselves, and perhaps others,
by such remarks. I tell them there is no step so
certain to lead to such a result, with all its
attendant horrors, as the unchecked progress of
the wild and reckless spirit, too alarmingly man-
ifest everywhere at this time, and of which.this
bill, and the proposed hasty action upon it, is a
striking instance, which rushes blindly and heed-
lessly upon results, without regard to means or
mischiefs. Precepts, precedents, and principles,
are all despised and trampled under foot. Sir,
savages are more wise than thus to dash upon
destruction. The gentleman who last addressed
us [Mr. Smith, of Tennessee] referred to that il-
lustrious man who, if I remember the date aright,
On the 21st of February, 1848, fell there, dying in
his place and at his post. That was a memorable
and most impressive scene. All who looked upon
it will well remember its solemn—its impressive
character. I remember it well, and ever shall.
The whole scene is as fresh before me as if it had
but now occurred. A moment before he fell I
passed his seat. He was talking very earnestly
to one of his colleagues, and other gentlemen
around him. I imperfectly caught a word or two
of his remarks, and,as I understood them, they
were a strong protest against a proposition,
then pending ana about to be voted on, tender-
ing the thanks of the American Congress to
certain persons for their gallantry and general
good conduct in the war with Mexico just being
closed. Surely there was occasion for such ex-
pressions of national gratitude to the great cap-
tains and their brave companions in that war—for
their brilliant military operations then happily
terminated. But some of the officers embraced
in the resolution were then under arrest in Mex-
ico, and detained for trial upon charges of violat-
ing the laws of our country in regard to that
very service. Another distinguished captain,
the great chief of that campaign, was also under
arrest, and his conduct upon like charges was to
undergo a judicial review. His name was not
embraced in that resolution of national thanks.
The object of all this was well understood by
gentlemen here. That resolution, ostensibly tend-
ering a nation's gratitude for meritorious deeds,
was no more nor less than a party contrivance to
operate Upon public sentiment in regard to the
controversies pending before the military tribunal.
Its design was, and its effect would have been,
in some degree, to forestall the action of those
courts, if not improperly to influence that action,
and thereby to impede the due course of law.
If not that, at any rate to destroy or weaken the
legitimate power and influence of a coordinate,
but, in that regard, independent branch of the
Government, actjng in the strict line of its im-
perative duty. Some of those prosecutions may
have been most improperly instituted, and wholly
without foundation; or all may have been; or all
may have been right. These were not questions
forCongress tosettle. Theywere not triable here,
but in the military courts. Still, without the real
nature of the resolution being understood, the
rules were suspended, and it was introduced.
Other proceedings broughtus toavoteon theques-
tion, Shall the resolution pass? The Speaker
stated that question. The Clerk called the name
of Amos Abbott. At the same moment Mr.
Adams partly arose, as was supposed, to remon-
strate against that great impropriety, but he at
once sank back, ana was caught, as I believe, by
his colleague, Mr. Hudson.
There was no response to that call—there has
been none to this day. That roll-call ceased there,
never to be renewed. It seemed as if the good
; angel of the Republic then instantly interposed,
| in the most imposing form, to save us from our-
] selves by checlting and rebuking the rash and
reckless act which, as a first step and precedent,
I if followed, would lead to ruin. If not for tliat
j purpose, at any rate to remove from amongst
| those who could perpetrate so great a wrong, the
last remaining in public life of those old fathers
who had stood around the cradle of our nation—
supported its infant steps, and then walked stead-
ily fcy its side, guiding and cherishing it in its
wonderful growth, until it stood up as a giant
before the astonished world, filling the earth with
the fame of its power and glory. Is it to be ac-
counted* superstition, or, at best, a distempered
fancy, to suppose that there was a divinely-in-
tended significance in the remarkable concurrence
of incidents on that occasion? Party violence
and personal servility were about to do an act
subversive of our free institutions. One alone of
those who had laid their foundation, and finished
the perfect superstructure, remained amongst us.
Around him it was our custom, of one accord,
to gather with reverence, as did the people of old
around their inspired prophets. When that ven-
erable and venerated man arose to protest, as we
supposed, all eyes turned upon him—all ears were
open to catch with greediness his feeble articula-
tion. But the expected utterance did not greet
us—the voice of our prophet was gone—a scarlet
hue, as a flame of fire, covered his aged face and
head. In a moment it passed away, and was
followed by the hue of the grave, never to be
removed in this world. He had fallen in the
temple and at the altar, and in the very act of his
freat and faithful ministry. In a moment after
e was carried from this Hall and along this aisle.
As he passed our seats here, that phenomenon
occasionally seen here was manifest. The light
as it came through that dome was obstructed by
the chandelier: its rays were separated, and
spanned this Hall with that shining bow which
of old was set in the cloud for a token of a cove-
nant, that the waters should no more become a
flood, and destroy all flesh. Beneath that bow,
as it were a triumphal arch thrown from on high
to honor him, the last of our patriot seers passed
from time to eternity, breathing out the words,
in a tone so soft, so low, it seemed a voice of the
air, " The last of earth." Thus was he met by
inviting heaven, and welcomed from the theater of
his long and useful toils, its vigils and its trials, to
his final honors and rewards. But his last thought
and his last effort were to preserve and maintain
the harmony and concord between the different
departments of our Government, as contemplated
in the original design, by restraining each to its
appropriate powers and duties, and leaving others
to theirs. Thus he sought to perpetuate our bless-
ings. That solemn event gave time for sober
reflection. That resolution was never again re-
ferred to; and the great mischief of a legislative
evil example was prevented. Again, I ask, was
there nothing significant in all this? If not of
divine intention, a significance there was in the
very facts and the consequences which arrests
the attention of considerate minds, and impresses
' upon them the importance of a grave and deliber-
ate and cautious walk in all the great concerns of
legislation.
One more imaginative than myself might have
seen in the phenomenon to which I have referred
the token of another covenant with man—another
bow of hope and promise set in the cloud of
national sorrow—that free government shall not
again perish amongst men; that, though its
founders and its champions must pass away,
liberty shall endure to us and to our posterity
forever. If we shall carefully observe and follow
the precepts and the example of the old fathers
of the Republic—walk in the paths and adhere to
the principles which they laid down and made
plain—I do not doubt this picture of the imagina-
tion will prove a reality. But no man ought to
suppose, and no rational man does suppose, that
