1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
stand upon. I called your attention to the exist-
ence of that civil"var, explained its causes, and
with all the fervency that not merely Jove of
peace, but love of liberty also, could enkindle, I
conjured you to arrest it before it was too late, by
removing the cause of that civil war. Even now
Senaiors refer to the appeals I then made, so
truthfully, as exaggerations of a fertile imagina-
tion. Such was the answer you then gave me;
and now the answer you give me—now, when I
conjure you once more, and more earnestly than
ever, to arrest fratricidal strife, by admitting Kan-
sas under her own free constitution, is, that that
constitution must be surrendered, or the flames
of civil war must be suffered to burn with new
intensity thflughout that ill-fated Territory.
It is true that I see a new campaign preparing
in that quarter. But, just like those which have
occurred there before, it is a campaign not organ-
ized by the citizens of Kansas against each other,
nor yet organized by emigrants sent thither by i
the Massachusetts Emigrant Aid Society, but by
invaders who are going forth from all or many
of the slave States, to extirpate the freemen of
Kansas, to seize upon the ballot-boxes by force,
to usurp the elective franchise, to create in that
way a new Legislature, and a convention that
will organize a slave State, which even this Con-
gress is expected to receive with open arms as a
member of this Federal Republic. Sir, during
all the period of that civil war that has been
prevailing m Kansas, the armed bands that have
demolished hotels, sacked cities, overturned free
presses, mobbed ministers of the Gospel, and slain
the farmer while inclosing his newlv-marked
field oil the prairie, and the " perfectly free" im-
migrant before he had slept one night in the Ter-
ritory which he had chosen for his home, were
not citizens of Kansas, or adventurers from the
free States.
The armed bands that are forming along the
banks of the Missouri, and in the cities of the
southern slave States, to renew the violence so
briefly suspended, are of the same class. 1 need
not bo told here, sir, how desperate and reckless
they are. Honorable Senators mistake me much,
if they suppose that I look with complacency or
calmness on the gathering of the storm anew,
and that I do not fear for the safety of the people
upon whom it is so soon to rain down new deso-
lation. Why should I not share all their alarms
and fears ? They are my neighbors, countrymen,
and friends. But, at the same time, honorable
Senators, in explaining their own positions m
this crisis, will not disturb me by imputing to
me responsibilities for the disasters of the tunes.
Before the so-called compromise of 1S50 was
enacted here, there was neither civil war in Kan-
sas, nor any cause existing that could ever pro-
duce civil war or slavery there. I expostulated
against the compromise, and implored Cong! ess
not to disturb the landmarks of freedom. I was
answered, that those landmarks of freedom were
in that case a mere abstraction, on which it was
only fanaticism and folly to insist. I replied,
that if you yielded that abstraction, and so tol-
erated slavery in the possessions acquired from
Mexico, slavery would invade the unoccupied
Teiiitory which remained under the protection
of the Missouri compromise of 1820, and that it
would crowd you out of all the Territories of the
United States, and engage you in a contest tor
freedom, even in the free States. The conces-
sions then demanded were nevertheless made.
In 1854, you took advantage of the conces-
sions made in 1850, and proposed an abrogation
of the prohibition of slavery contained in the
compromise of 1850, under the specious pretense
of abnegating all Federal authority concerning
slavery over the Territories of tile United fotates,
and granting to the people in those Tenitones
perfect freed°om to establish civil liberty there for
themselves. I remonstrated ar.d expostulated
a jam, and warned you then that you were senu-
liig the demon of civil strife into the Territories.
\Su persisted. At the beginning of this session,
I directed your attention to the civil war then
actually broken out in Kansas, and implored
your interposition to restore peace there, together
with that perfcct freedom which had been su>>-
verted by the invaders. The civil war was then
there; it remains there yet; it only grows more
and more flagrant. What evil has happened,
then, that I have not foreseen and endeavored to
| prevent? Who has held executive powerin this
. land ? Certainly not I. Who lias exercised
i legislative power? Certainly not I. Who judi-
cial authority? Certainly not I. Whose coun-
i sels have directed executive, legislative, and ju-
dicial powers? Certainly not mine; but the
; counsels of those who have been constantly my
I adversaries. Yet there is civil war in Kansas, and
; it is the result of unwise and pernicious legisla-
tion, tyrannical executive action, and prostituted
j judicial authority. Sir, He whose penetration
; no secret of the human heait escapes, no artful
' perversion of the truth baffles—He who makes the
i hearts of men to love freedom even more than
: peace, and to seek it with untiring perseverance
' throughout ages of suffering—He knows where
the responsibility of the disasters that have over-
taken tlje Republic belongs. My conscience, on
this subject, shrinks not from His awful scrutiny.
And now, sir, as I have heretofore counseled
how to continue the reign of peace before it was
! broken, and how to restore it when first it was
broken, I will, with deference, advise how to re-
gain its sway, before it is too late, and before the
whole country rages with the dames hitherto con-
fined within tiie limits of Kansas. You call do
this only by removing the cause of the civil war
in Kansas, the revolutionary usurpation that
exists there. In short, you can only effectually
restore peace in Kansas, and harmony to the coun-
try, by granting liberty, with new and sure safe-
guards. What Kansas wants, is not merely
peace, but that perfect fieedom and safety which
you granted, or professed to grant, by the Kansas
and Nebraska law. You must not merely repeal
the laws of tlh' conquerors of Kansas, but you
must abolish the conquest itself. There is only
one alternative—which is, that Missourians will
irrigate the soil of Kansas with the blood of its
people, to fertilize that soil, and make it receive
the seeds of slavery. Consider well, I beseech
you, what a fearfufalternative—how horrible an
alternative, this is ! And consider—alas, that I
must urge it—how dangerous a one it is ! All
the principles of our Constitution—all the sen-
timents of mankind—all nature itself, revolts
against it. Can it, then, be adopted with success
and safety? Let the trial, if it must come, de-
termine. Some Setiatorasks," Who can tell what
is to be the destiny of Kansas?" I can tell.
Sir, I do not know the fearful horrors through
which either Kansas or the country is to pass, but
be they what they may, the destiny of Kansas is
freedom.
I turn, for a moment, to the honorable Senator
; from Kentucky, [Mr. Critte.vden.] He has laid
his peace-otfei'ino' on the table of the Senate—\
oiflit rather to say, " on the altar of his country."
His years, Ins eminent position, his unquestioned
i patriotism, entitle him to do so, and entitle him
j not merely to forbearance on this occasion, but
to the homage due to one who sincerely desires
[ to be a public bei'efactor. Although he has not
I spoken so charitably of me as ipiglit become the
office he hns undertaken, I shall not attempt to
! thrust that oflWins; from the altar, or to tear it
into pieces. I will let it lie there, and calmly
I await the approval of it by the shive States, in
i whose name it is presented by him, as one with
which the free States ought also to be satisfied.
Sir, the slave States have committed themselves
to the principle of popularsovereignty in theTer-
' ritories so deeply, that they uphold and maintain
| even a revolution.™ y and usurping authority there
as a legitimate one. We shall sec whether they
are ready, on the prayer of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, to renounce this principle, and its accept-
able fruits, and transfer the legislative authority
in Kansas to any depository which will restore
either perfect freedom, or any real fieedom what-
ever, to the people of Kansas. 1 will wait, sir,
and answer, after the Democracy on the other
side of the Chamber shall have recognized the
Senator's neace-otlermg as their own. In the
mean time,'I beg to say, with the highest respect
and the utmost kindness to the honorable Sen-
ator who leads in this solemn ceremony, that he
I is not likely to effect a truce with the House of
Representatives by such denunciations as lie has
i indulged m against the free States of the North
on this occasion. No, sir; to resume his own
, figure, let me tell him that the priest who shall,
' in this conjuncture, lav on tiie altar of his country
! a peace-offering acceptable to the American peo-
ple, must be a man who not only loves public
tranquillity and is without fear, but who also can
respect the love of justice and truth and the devo-
tion to freedom which animate the free States of
the North.
The honorable Senator, after deploring the fa-
naticism of the North, announces his hope that
it will grow more conciliatory. Sir, it is not the
character of the north star to change its position
or to vary its light. The mariner singles it out
from among all the luminaries of the heavens, and
adopts it as the guide to his course, for its con-
stancy. It will not change now. It has been for
a time partially covered with fleeting clouds; but
they are passing away, and it vul stand then, and
shine steadily upon tins nati.i ^ until it shall con-
duct not only those States which receive its ver-
tical rays, but even those which enjoy only its
angular beams, into the haven of impartial and
enduring freedom. Sir, the Romans, in their
southern capital, and under their sunny skies,
thought, when the Northmen for a time withdrew
from the borders of the city, that those Northmen
would change and relent, and become more con-
ciliatory. Did the Northmen indeed change ? No,
not until they bad mingled their own blood with
the blood of Italy, and restored it to a better and
purer freedom than it had ever known before.
I think that France and England, and especi-
ally Turkey, is expecting that the North of Eu-
rope will become more conciliatory, more gen-
erous. Do you believe this? No, sir; the north
of Europe changes not. It is aga.n to spread
over the southern plains, and remvigorate the
natives of the Mediterranean. No more will the
north of America change. You may resist if you
will, but it will persevere peacefully, if you will
suffer itto do so; but it will persevere constantly,
nevertheless, in the extension of freedom in the
Territories of the United States, and by its ex-
ample in inducing the southern States to abolish
slavery among tliemselues.
And now, what do Senators expect to gain by
persisting in the miserable issue they have made
up with the House of Representatives—an issue
upon our own relative power, under the Consti-
tution, as a branch of the National Legislature—
a question merely personal? Sir, 1 have no reason
to despise, as 1 have no motive to undervalue, the
power or the dignity of the Senate of the United
States. Contrary to what I had ever before sup-
posed or dreamed, I, myself, am a member of the
Senate. My own fortunes und fame, such as
they are, are bound up in the fortunes and fame
of the Senate. For me there is no higher ambi-
tion than the place I hold in the Senate; there is
no lane or open way for me to any other depart-
ment of my country's service. As I would leave
a fair name, and, if possible, one that might in
future times arrest the eye of the curious and in-
quisitive student who shall be prying into my
country's history, so I am careful never to do an
act, to speak a word, or think a thought, unbe-
coming to the Senate of the United States. I
therefore stand with you all for the dignity and
honor and independence of the Senate. But, sir,
I confess to you frankly my opinion, that the
i Senate will defend its dignity and independence
; effectually, not by joining puerile issues with the
i House of Representatives on questions of equal-
j ity or preeminence, but in the same way that
: every citizen, who is a constituent of either
1 House of Congress, maintains his dignity and'
; independence—namely, by doing justice, loving
mercy, and walking humbly, under all the Vlcis-
\ situdes and in all the scenes of human activity
| and endurance. , .
Mr. CASS. I have no idea, Mr. President, of
rising for the purpose of detaining the Senate
under the circumstances in which we are placed.
I know my own position and that of others Iiuj
well to do it; but I rise for a moment to survey
the situation m which wo are placed, without any
ebullition of feeling, but with very deep anxiety.
1 Mr. President, where is the Congress of tin:
j United States at. this moment? What position do
! they occupy before their country and before the
I world ? The eyes of the world are upon us. The
' hopes and destiny of freedom await our action.
Where are we? 'We have been assembled here
for nine months. It was our duty to pass the
j neccssary supplies for the support of the Govern-
I ment. 1 suppose no man, auditororactor, within
1 these walls will deny that fact. It was the duty
