1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£08-
bridge to go down, I think the inconveniences
which will arise will be such that it will be re-
newed. If yon cause an investigation to be made
by engineers and persons competent to decide
such questions, I believe they will tell you it in-
flicts no injury on Georgetown, and that the pub-
lic interest requires it to remain where it is. It
was for that reason that I have proposed the
amendment to the amendment. I should never
have moved it on this bill, if it had not been for •
the fact that the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland was presented. Why do we hear noth-
ing of obstructions to the navigation of the East-
ern Branch by the bridges which the Senator from
Maryland proposes to repair? Ships went up the
Eastern Branch to Bladensburg thirty or forty, or
perhaps fifty years ago. Upon that side we hear
nothing of obstructions; but here, in regard to a
bridge whose utility is sustained by such testimony
as 1 have stated, we arc told that, because the
people of Georgetown happen to be inimical to it,
we must disregard all the other great interests,
and put aside the opinions of engineers who have
declared that the injury to them was occasioned,
not by this bridge, but by their own work—the
causeway from Analostan Island to the Virginia
shore.
' Mr. BROWN. I have no desire to protract
this discussion, but I have a few words to say in
reply to my friend from Virginia. I suppose the
principle will be recognized here, as it has been
in the Supreme Court, and by every legisla-
tive and judicial tribunal,! believe,in the Union,
if notin Christendom, that navigable waters ought
not to be obstructed to the detriment of those who
live above particular points on them. In the great
Wheeling bridge case, we know very well that
the Supreme Court of the United States ordered
the bridge to be taken down because it obstructed
the commerce of Pittsburg, a point above Wheel-
ing. That bridge was said by those who con-
structed it, to be so high that it was no obstruction
to commerce, for steamboats could pass under it.
It turned out, however, in the course of the inves-
tigation, that it was in a slight degree an obstruc-
tion; that when the chimneys of the boats were
very high,they had to betaken down in order to
pass under the bridge. On account of that slight
obstruction, the Supreme Court ordered the whole
structure to be removed. Why? Because to that
extent it was an interference with the just rights
of Pittsburg, a city lying above the bridge.
We have before us a case in point. George-
town is above this bridge. Its citizens complain
that the bridge is an obstruction to their com-
merce. They have the right—which they derive
from their position and from nature—to the navi-
gation of the river unobstructed. They say you
have put a bridge there which does seriously
incommode their commerce, and they prove it in
this way: the only manner in which a vessel of
any size can pass the bridge is by going through
the draw. We have it, on the authority of the
Senator from Maryland—and it is attested by the
whole history of the past—that vessels of the
largest sizeditl go to Georgetown before you built
this bridge. Now vessels of a large size do not
go there at all, and vessels of small size go in very
small numbers. The reason which the people of
Georgetown assign—and 1 submit to the Senate
whether it is not a sensible reason—is this: the
draw is so narrow that, if there is the least storm,
a vessel cannot pass, but must have a steamer to
pilot her through; and therefore vessels, except
where there is a great necessity, do not go above
the bridge at all, because, if the weather becomes
stormy, they cannot got out again. % We know
very well that, unless there is a very strong mo-
tive for it, the owners of vessels will not send
them into difficult positions like this. Remove
your obstruction;' put things back as nature fixed
them; and then, if vessels go to Georgetown, let
them go; and if they do not, of course you will
not be to blame. Things are not nuw as they
were before you put the bridge there. George-
town complains that you have taken away from
her one of her natural advantages; that her com-
merce has perished in consequence of the action
of this Government; and she asks you to restore
her to the position in which nature placed her.
I think the request is a reasonable one, and that
no mere temporary or slight convenience to any
small body of persons ought to be consulted in
preference to the commercial advantages of an
important town. You ought not to take away
advantages derived from nature, simply because
somebody else may be inconvenienced by your
doing* so. What would the people of Alexandria
say if you proposed to throw a bridge across the
Potomac below their town? What would my
friend from Virginia say to that? No doubt we
should have complaints loud andlong; and though
you might make the draws three times as wide
as those of this bridge, they would complain that
it was an obstruction to commerce; that you
were taking from them advantages which were
given to them by nature, and with which you
had no right ^to interfere. Are not the rights of
the people of Georgetown as sacred as those of
the people of Alexandria? And if you may
rightfully interfere with the one, why not with
the other?
My friend from Texas suggested that there
were other reasons influencing the people of
Georgetown besides the obstruction to their com-
merce. He intimated that they desired the com-
mercial advantages to be derived from erecting a
bridge at their town or above it, so that the travel
must go there. Possibly there may be interests
below the bridge, at Alexandria, which are
against this movement. If the people of George-
town came here And asked for any special advant-
ages, or any legislation which was to give them
an advantage over the people of Alexandria, I
would deny it to them; but I will not take from
Georgetown that which is hers, which she de-
rives from nature, which God Almighty has
given to her, simply in order that somebody else
may be slightly benefitted thereby.
I trust that this appropriation will not be made.
I hope that the Senate will pursue the same course
now which it has done heretofore; that it will
steadily put its face against the structure. I trust
the action of the Senate on the question now will
be a warning to officers of the Government, that
they are not to do as they have done heretofore
whenever the bridge gets out of repair—to fix it
and ask us to foot the bill. I am glad to perceive
a manifest improvement in this respect, and I
note it with special pleasure. Heretofore, when
the bridge got out of order, somebody in Wash-
ington has assumed the responsibility of putting
it in good condition; and the question has come
up, not whether we should repair the bridge, but
whether we should appropriate money to pay for
repairs which had been made. Now, I am pleased
to perceive that the money is asked for before it
is spent; and if we refuse to give it, the bridge
will not be repaired; and then the session will not
pass away until Congress will act wisely, sensi-
bly, and justly on this question, and will me.te
out to Washington, Alexandria, Georgetown,
and all other places, that which is their due.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, it seems !
to me that there is a very easy way, and in my
judgment a very proper way, of escaping from
the "difficulty in which we find ourselves; and that
is by rejecting both of these propositions. I am
opposed to the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia, and to that of the Senator from Mary-
land.
The Senators from Virginia and Mississippi
seem to assume that we are bound to keep up
these bridgesat the expense of the public Treasury,
and the argument has proceeded on that suppo-
sition. Sir, I deny it. I hold that we have no
; more right to take money from the publicTreasury
; to keep up these biidges than to erect and main-
j tain bridges elsewhere. I know very well that
| most people in the cities of Washington and
! Georgetown live from the drippings of the Treas-
i ury: and we have but to take one step further and
' hand over the publicTreasury of the people of the
I United States to the citizens of this District,
i What are we doing now for this city r We are
! engaged in an expenditure of $3,000,000 to supply
! it with water; and no doubt the filial cost will be
: $5,000,000. We have spent a large sum of money
; in the extension of the Capitol; which will cost
j more than five millions of dollars. Sir, this Cap-
I itol now is large enough for all constitutional legis-
| lation, and to that we ought to confine ourselves,
i We were in such hot haste to spend the peopled
' money in the city of Washington that we could
i not wait until the wings of the Capitol were ex-
' tended, before we provided an appropriation to
j construct a new dome on it, contrary to just
i architectural taste. How much is it to cost?
According to a recent estimate which I have
heard, it will cost at least $500,000.
Mr. BROWN. It will cost twice that sum.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am told it will cost twice
that amount, and I suppose it will be so. Not-only *
did we agree to build this dome before completing
the building, but we actually did it without the
advice or recommendation of the officers having
charge of the work of the Capitol extension. We
have appropriated hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars to extend the Post Office and Treasury build-
ings; and, in the coursc of a year or two, we shall
be called on to spend $3,000,000 or §4,000,000 to
build a new budding for the War, and Navy
Departments. These demands on the public
Treasury—the people's money—for purposes of
expenditure in the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, are shameful; and the manner in
which our money is poured out to these people is
shameless.
Mr. President, if all these bridges were taken
down to-morrow, I would not vote a dollar to re-
construct them. Gentlemen seem to have forgot-
ten one convenient way of crossing large streams
of water without interfering with navigation.
Steam power canbe called into requisition; steam-
boat ferries can be established. The people of
New York and Philadelphia pursue that course.
Why can it not be done here ? The citizens of
Maryland and Virginia obtained a southern lo-
cation for the capital of the United States. At
their request, the seat of Government was fixed
here. The citizens residing in Washington and
its vicinity derive large advantages from the loca-
tion of the capital here; and are we to spend
$6,000,000 a year in this city besides? I think
we are spending $5,000,000 now.
These bridges over the eastern branch of the
Potomac were purchased on speculation from a
private corporation, and then 1 had almost said
the measure was lobbied through Congress. They
were sold to the Government of the United States
by a private corporation, for $30,000, and now
we are asked for several thousand dollars more
to keep them in repair. If those who use them
cannot keep them in repair, after we have pur-
chased and paid for the bridges, I think they had
better not pass over them.
It seems to me that the facts which I have
stated will justify members in voting against both
these amendments. Let these bridges go down,
and let private enterprise establish steam femes.
That is the proper course.
Mr. BROWN. I rise simply to protest against
one of the conclusions of my friend from Penn-
sylvania. Pie thinks that the people of the Dis-
trict of Columbia are to be held responsible for
the appropriations which Congress makes to be
expended within the District; and he cites the
expenditure for the dome to the Capitol, which I
understand is to cost us $3,000,000, and perhaps
more. I am in favor of shingling the place
over, and letting it stand; but what interest have
the great mass of the people of this District in
your putting a dome to the Capitol? It is true,
you make large appropriations to be expended
here; but I know of no advantage, except a mere
I incidental one, which the people of the District
j derive from those appropriations. They are for
' works belonging to the Government. "You make
I them on no petition, on no application, on no
j appeal from the people of the District of Colum-
1 bia; you make them at your own will; and yet
I Senators say that all this is to be charged against
| the District. Why, sir, if my friend from Penn-
I sylvania has his large and stately mansion in the
i neighborhood of my humble cottage, and thinks
' proper to put a dome on it, is that any concern
| of mine? Am I to blame for it? If you have
! this magnificent Capitol standing in the midst of
j the people of Washington, and you appropriate
[§1,000,000 of your constituents7 money to put
j a dome upon it, are the people living under
j its shelter to blame for it? They have sent no
! petition, they have made no appeal, they Lave
! not asked you to do it. I dare say, if you were to
! consult them, they would say they did not care
' a button whether yon left the old dome standing
or built a new one. I feel that it is but just to the
' people of the District of Columbia that this charge
should not go out without denial that they are in
1: any way accountable for money expended in* this
'f District for Government purposes.
Mr. HALE. I desire to express the great grat-
