1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1429
hostile property in their own defense. If they depredate
upon the enemy without a commission, they act upon
their peril, and are liable to be punished by their own sov-
ereign, but the enemy is not warranted to consider them
as criminals ; and, as respects the enemy, they violate no
rights by capture.
" Such hostilities, without a commission, are, however,
conti ary to usage, and exceedingly irregular and dangerous,
and they would probably expose the party to the unchecked
severity of the enemy; but they are not acts of piracy unless
committed in time of peace."
The same principles have been recognized in
numerous cases by the justices of the Supreme
Court of the United States. In one of the decis-
ions of that court, Judge Marshall says:
" Whatever might have been the ancient doctrine in
England in respect to captures in war, it is now clearly
established in that kingdom, that all captures jure belli are
made for the Government, and that no title of prize can be
acquired but by tbe public acts of the Government con-
feiring rights on the captors." *****
" It is, then, the settled law of the United States, that
all captures made by non-commissioned captors are made
lor the Government; and since the provisions m the prize
acts, as to the distribution of prize proceeds, are confincd
to public and private-armed vessels cruising under a regular
commission, the only claim which can be sustained by
the captors, in cases like the present, must be m the narure
of salvage for bringing in and preserving the property."
I can read a similar exposition of the public
law, in the words of Justice Story; but I think
what I have already cited is sufficient to satisfy
the House of the state of the public law on this
question.
Now these captors were aware of these princi-
ples of the public law; and what do you suppose
was the contrivance of Noah Miller, the captain
of this band, to evade the law, and appropriate
to himself and his companions the proceeds of
the sale of thisprize, which belonged to the Gov-
ernment? Why, sir, as soon as Noah Miller
brought his prize into port, be combined with the
collector of the customs at Portland, or Waldo-
boro'—I do not now recollect which—and that
collector appointed him an inspector of the cus-
toms, ante-dating the appointment, so thatit might
seem that Miller was a regular officer of the
United States Government, and inspector of the
customs at the time of the seizure of the prop-
erty. And then, sir, after obtaining this appoint-
ment, thus ante-dated, the attorney of the United
States, in behalf of the Government, filed his libel
in Admiralty against the capturcd property, alleg-
ing that it was seized by a revenue boat of the
United States, commanded by one Noah Miller,
an inspector of the customs.
This whale boat used by Noah Miller and the
rest of his band on this enterprise, was dig-
nified by being styled " a revenue boat of the
United States;" and Noah Miller himself, who
made this capture without authority from any
quarter, was stated in the proceedings to be " an
inspector of the customs legally appointed by the
United States;" thus, sir, bringing the case within
the law in such cases of capture by a revenue
boat, which gave to the United States a moiety of
the proceeds of the sale of the captured property,
and to the officers of the customs the other moiety.
The sum of thirty-three thousand and odd dol-
lars was divided between the collector of the cus-
toms and Noah Miller for their portion of the
prize; and the other moiety of thirty-three thou-
sand and odd dollars was, under the law, paid into
the Treasury; and it is the purpose now to take
out of the Treasury that portion of the proceeds
of the sale of this prize. If I am not right in this
statement of facts, I invite any gentleman of the
committee who reported this bill to state in what
respect I have erred. I will yield at this time for
correction.
To proceed: but for this contrivance the whole
of this property would have gone into the Treas-
ury of the United States, under the principles of
the law which I have just read to the House, for
an unauthorized and non-commissioned captor
can only seize the enemy's property for the Gov-
ernment, subject to such compensation in the
nature of salvage as the Government may decree.
But, doubtless, fearing that the court would not
allow so large a portion as a half of the captured
property as salvage to these captors, they elected
to shape the case to suit themselves, ana by this
contrivance they put into their pockets—I mean
Noah Miller and the collector of the customs—a
moiety of the sales of the captured property.
But it is said that West Drinkwater obtained
no portion of those proceeds. One thousand
dollars was paid him for his night's service; a
liberal compensation, I think, for the service and
peril, if there was any peril, of one night's ex-
posure. The rest of the boat's crew received
f1,000 each; and, if they were not satisfied with
that amount, and if it be true, as alleged by the
gentleman from Maine, that there was an agree-
ment between Miller and the boat's crew that
they should share equally, then I ask why they
did not institute their several actions against
Noah Miller for their equal share of the amount
paid to him ? The courts could not give them
more than they got. They could only treat the
case in accordance with the law, and direct the
amount to be divided between the United States
and the collector of the port and Noah Miller,
and Miller was himself alone responsible for an
equal distribution with the crew, if such was his
agreement with them.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I wish to interrupt the
gentleman to say one word. It appears, by the
evidence in this case, that there was no written
agreement between the crew and Captain Miller;
and the gentleman is aware that, unless there is
a written agreement, the law prescribes the man-
ner of distribution, and that these men could not
hold Captain Miller to the agreement, because it
was not in writing.
Mr. MILLSON. What law does the gentle-
man refer to ?
Mr. KNOWLTON. The law that agreements
in reference to the division of captures by pri-
vateersmen must be in writing,in orderto be bind-
ing. I have already explained, that they acted
as privateersmen.
Mr. MILLSON. They neither were, nor sup-
posed themselves to be, privateersmen. Will the
House believe that, after this man Miller had re-
ceived some fifteen thousand dollars as his share
of the prize, he signed a petition to Congress
alleging that he had captured this property, and
that nothing had ever been paid him except some-
thing about one hundred dollars?
In the report made by a committee of the Sen-
ate, it was stated that nothing was ever paid to
Miller except $100, and the Senate passed a bill
for the payment of the whole of this $10,000 to
Noah Miller. That was the bill coming from the
Senate, upon which it became my duty to submit
a report to the House.
This man came before the House declaring that
he had received nothing, yet I found among the
papers in the case the evidence of the register of
the Treasury, that this amount had been divided
between the collector and Noah Miller, and that
Miller received about §15,000. At this time, the
case of Noah Miller has been so thoroughly ex-
posed, that the gentleman from Maine himself
proposes to exclude him from a participation in
the proceeds of this bill; and the report in this
case insists upon the fraud of Captain Miller.
But the effort of the gentleman from Maine is to
show that West Drinkwater and other parties
were, in no respect, participants in that fraud.
Now, sir, I never make charges of any sort,
unless I have strong reasons and just grounds for
doing so; and whether West Drinkwater and
those other persons were parties to the fraud or
not, I do not know, and therefore I shall say no
such thing. But one thing is apparent from the
testimony in the case, and that is, that these men
each received $1,000. They received it under the
judgment of a court, or, at least, from the dispo-
sition of the proceeds, which were adjudged by
the court to be paid to the parties. Is it not
strange that they did not know how they became
entitled to the $1,000 which they pocketed ? Is
it not strange that they did not know that this
case had been the subject of judicial decision in
the court of admiralty of the State of Maine,
and that it was under that decision that they had
received the $1,000 paid them. Why did they
not come forward and expose the fraud ? Is it
at all likely that they would have been the bene-
ficiaries of a suit to the extent of $1,000 each, and
yet should not have known something of the pro-
ceedings under which they obtained that award,
so that they might have informed the judge, or
the authorities of the United States, of the nature
of the fraud practiced upon the Government?
This fraud is conceded by the gentleman from
Maine, in his recent remarks; but the gentleman
from Maine says that these men acted in good
faith. Well, now, pray tell me what does the
gentleman mean by saying that they acted in good
faith ? He means to say, and I believe did say-
just now, that they acted in good faith, inasmuch
as they believed Miller to be authorized by law
to make the capture. The gentleman assents to
that construction of his remarks.
Now, did they believe that he had received a
commission for a private-armed vessel, and as a
privateersman ? No, sir, they could not have be-
lieved any such absurdity. And if they did sup-
pose Miller to be authorized to make the capture,
it was not because they supposed him to be a pri-
vateersman, because no extent of credulity could
have induced those men to imagine that a fish-
ing whale-boat was a private armed vessel com-
missioned by the United States. They did not,
then, believe that he was a privateersman.
What did they believe ? They believed, if you
please, that Miller was an officer of the custom-
house, appointed by the Government, and author-
ized to make captures. Is that the gentleman's
interpretation of the extent of their belief upon
the subject, when he says that they acted in good
faith ? They must have believed one or the other
—either that he was a privateersman or an officer
of the customs. I have shown that they could
not have believed that he was a privateersman,
and the gentleman does not pretend to say that
they did so believe.
They believed, then, that he was an officer of
the customs; and if they believed that, have they
not gotten all they were entitled to under that
belief; and in that state of the case? Not only
did they believe, as the gentleman from Maine
says, that Miller was an officer of the customs,
but they made the Government believe that he
was such officer, and so believing the Gov-
ernment distributed to them the largest amount
of money to which they were entitled. Where,
then, is the injury done to them, if they have
already received from the Government the largest
amount to whio.h they were entitled if Captain
Miller was an officer of the customs?
Mr. KNOWLTON. I did not state that the
evidence was that these men believed that Cap-
tain Miller was an officer of the customs. I
stated that the evidence was that they were act-
ing in good faith. They believed that they had
the right to act as they did. Captain Miller was
a military officer; and, though my belief may ex-
pose the ignorance of those men in regard to the
law, my impression is that they believed that
Miller had authority to make the capture as
a military officer. I have not labored to give the
impression that they believed he was a revenue
officer, or that they knew that he had a commis-
sion as a privateersman.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not suppose, nor did I
say, that the gentleman from Maine declared that
these men supposed him to be an officer of the
customs. I was commenting upon the gentle-
man 's remark, that they were acting in good faith,
believing that the capture was legal; and I was
proceeding to say that there were only two pos-
sible contingencies in which he could have acted
legally. One was that he acted as privateersman;
and the other, that he made the seizure as an
officer of the customs for violation of the revenue
laws. I was proceeding to commentupon the gen-
tleman's declaration in either aspect, by showing
that they could not have supposed he was a priva-
teersman, by showing also that if they supposed
him to be an officer of the customs, then they got all
they were entitled to on that supposition. I did
not say that the gentleman declared that they sup-
posed him to be an officer of the customs, but
they must have supposed him to be one of two
characters; and I am showing in that neither of
those characters could those men have supposed
that Noah Miller acted so as to prejudice their
claim against the Government of the United
States.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Maine says—I
listened to the brief remarks made by him, and
I think these were the only grounds upon which
he put the case in addition to the published rea-
sons contained in the report of the committee—
that, inasmuch as Miller had no commission, but
that afterwards a forged and counterfeited au-
thority was given to him, this money was in the
Treasury contrary to law. Why, sir, I can only
say to the gentleman from Maine that, but for
this forged authority given to Miller, the whole
$60,000 would now be in the Treasun'instead of
$30,000. It was to prevent the whole of itgoing
