THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
into the Treasury under the law which I have
cited, that this contrivance was made between thp
parties to evade the claim of the United States,
£y.pretending that the capture had been made
xnaaer the authority of the Government of the
United States, and that the captor was an ac-
credited agent of the Government. But for that
the whole of this amount would have been in the
Treasury subject only to the deduction of so much
ap-the court might have gratuitously and gra-
ciously granted to the captors as indemnity for
ijheir personal risk and losses.
,1 do not feel at all disposed to protract this
ffiseussion, having contented myself simply with
a statement of facts and of the law applicable to
the case. I-might very appropriately make some
comments upon them, but I abstain, believing
that it is only necessary to state the facts and the
law to enable the House to come to its own con-
clusion as to the nature of the claim. But before
I.take my seat, a word in reference to the author-
ities which the committee cite in their report as
precedents upon which their action in this case
.is -founded. The committee say that the Gov-
ernment "has refunded larger sums in many
.other similar cases, some of which the committee
will now mention."
Now I differ from the committee in the correct-
' ness of the opinion that the Government has ever
refunded larger or smaller sums in cases similar
to this. But 1 will proceed to examine some of
. the cases to which the committee have referred.
" By tlio act of April 27,1816, volume 0, pages Il8andl71,
Suited Suites Laws,' so much of the net proceeds of the
forfeiture anri penalties, not exceeding $50,000, as accrued
to tinj United States, by the decree of condemnation rendered
for a violation of the laws of the United States,' was directed
to be paid over to the captors—Colonel Geoige i\ ltoss,
Captain Daniel Patterson, and their associates."
Now I beg to say to the committee, and to the
honorable gentleman from Maine who lias cited
this case, that there is not the slightest similarity
between the two cases. If he will turn to the law
making this appropriation he will find that, in the
body of the law, it is stated that the money re-
funded to Colonel George F. Ross and Captain
Daniel Patterson, and the men under them, was
for property taken by the regular land and naval
forces of the country, engaged in tiie regular
service of the Government, with full authority to
make the captures.
The next case referred to by the committee is
quoted as follows:
"Another similar case may be found in volume 6, page
147, United States Laws, being act ot Ihe 7th of February,
1815,in which the whole net procoedsol'thellritiRh schooner
Retaliation were ordered to be paid over by the Judge of
the United States court, to West Jenkins, and those asso-
ciated with him in her capture.'1
Now, if the gentleman will turn to the law
making the appropriation he will find that tins
schooner Retaliation was an armed schooner of
Great Britain, and not private property. It was
regularly commissioned by the Ijritish Govern-
ment, and any citizen of the United States had the
right to capture it in times of open and flagrant
War between the two nations.
The next case cited by the committee is this:
"By act of April 97, 1816, (volume (>, page 160,) the
United States judge was directed to pay over to Pliaroah
I'arrow, and his associates, of North Haiolma, the net pro-
ceeds of the British capture made by them."
Now, sir, if the committee will look at the law
making this appropriation, they will find that it
is expressly stated that the money appropriated
was that arising from the proceeds of the sale of
armed boats belonging to a British privateer.
The committee then refer us to the case of
James Low and others, for capturing the British
schooner Ann. Now, sir, if I ara not mis-
taken, this James W. Low was an American sea-
man who had been captured by the British. He
shipped in aBritish vessel returning to the United
States, having disguised his national character,
and when approaching the United States he rose
and captured the crew, and brought the vessel
into port, he being regarded by the Government
as a prisoner in the custody of the British.
I have now examined all the cases cited as
authorities by the committee, with the exception
of that of Zachariah Lawrence. I know some-
thing of this case. In the last Congress it became
my duty to examine into it, and I ask this com-
mittee to say whether any authority can bedrawn
from a case decided by tha House of Representa-
tives on a motion to suspend the rules, and passed
under the operation of the previous question,
without permission having been given to any
member to state any single objection to the bill ?
If gentlemen will turn to the Congressional Globe,
at the time this law was passed, they will find
that, on the occasion when the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bail] moved to suspend the rules
for the purpose of taking up this bill, I objected.
I then asked permission to state my objections
to the bill, but he would not allow a word to be
said.
Mr. BALL. Will the gentleman permit me to
make a remark just there ?
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly.
Mr. BALL. The gentleman seems to charge
that in the case of Zachariah Lawrence I would
not afford him an opportunity to be heard; and,
in reply, I beg to state to the committee that, on
one or two occasions, I sent to the gentleman and
appealed to him to withdraw his objection and let
the case be disposed of. He declined to accede to
my request.
The case was kept off from week to week, and
month to month, by the solitary objection of the
gentleman from Virginia. I told that gentleman
that I had no desire to smother debate; that I was
willing he should be heard. I was willing to dis-
cuss the question with him, but, as I have said,
he declined to withdraw his objection. At the
close of the session, despite the efforts of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, I had the rules suspended
and the case taken up. Prom the course which
he had pursued towards me I did not feel under
any obligation to extend any further courtesy to
him; and, at the suggestion of a large majority of
the House, I called for the previous question, and
put the bill on its passage. The bill was reported
from the committee unanimously.
Mr. MILLSON. Really the statement of the
gentleman from Ohio is somewhat extraordinary.
He says that the bill was prevented from coming
up by my solitary objection. Docs not the gen-
tleman know that, under the rules of the House,
the objection of one member cannot prevent a
bill coming up, except on objection day? and
does he not know that, on objection day, refusal
to make objection is consent to pass the bill?
Mr. BALL. I am well aware that the gentle-
man had a right, under the rules of the House,
to make an objection. I do not complain of his
exercise of thut right; but he said that he luid
not an opportunity to be heard. What I said
was, that I made a proposition to the gentleman
from Virginia that, if he would withdraw his ob-
jection and permit the bill to be reached, I would
not interpose the least obstacle to the freest dis-
cussion. The gentleman refused, time and time
again, to permit the bill to come up to be decided
oh its merits; and it was only at the close of the
second session that I was able to put it on its
passage. It had gone through the first, and al-
most through the second session without consid-
eration. If it had not been for the liberality of the
House, in suspending the rules by a two-thirds
vote, it would not have been taken up at all.
Under the circumstances I think I was justified
in calling for the previous question. If the gen-
tleman from Virginia was not heard, it was not
my fault. He had ample time, if he chose to
avail himself of it, for the discussion of the case.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman's memory
deceives him strangely.
Mr. BALL. Not at all.
Mr. MILLSON. I will convince the gentle-
man that it is so. The gentleman says that he
asked me to withdraw my objection, to enable the
bill to come up. Does he not know very well
that no gentleman has a right to make objection
except on objection day, and that, on objection
day, if objection once made be withdrawn and
not renewed, then the bill passes without objec-
tion and without discussion ? The rule says that
if discussion takes place the bill shall not be con-
sidered at all.
Mr. BALL. Does not the gentleman remem-
ber that I proposed to let the bill bo discussed if
he would let it come up? If he withdrew his
objection, I proposed that the bill when it came
up in the House should be discussed. I said that
I would not interpose any objection. I only
wanted the matter decided, that was all that I
asked for.
Mr. MILLSON. I have no recollection of that;
but if the gentleman says so, I have no doubt
that the gentleman did ask me to withdraw my
objection. If such was the fact, I have no doubt
that I refused to withdraw my objection on ob-
jection day—the only day I could make an
objection—for the very plain reason that the with-
drawal of an objection on objection day is equiv-
alent to allowing the bill to pass by unanimous!
consent. The gentleman would not surely want
me to let a bill pass by general consent to which
I had objection. If the gentleman says that I
ought to have allowed the bill to go into the House
to be discussed, then I will state that any gentle-
man having objection to the bill would object to
its going into the House, for the reason that he
desired to oppose it in committee. It would be
giving an unfair advantage—an advantage to
which a bill is not entitled—to allow a bill to be
recommended to be passed by the Committee of
the Whole, and then attempt in the House to make
opposition to what is the unanimous recommend-
ation of the committee. Certainly the gentle-
man could not have supposed that I would have
made such a concession.
But to return to the case of Lawrence. I say
that that case was not debated in the House; and
when I stated that the gentleman from Ohio forced
the bill to its passage, under the operation of the
previous question, I made the statement with no
desire to cast any censure on that gentleman. I
merely stated the history of the case. I showed
what had occurred at that day, with a view of
enforcing the assertion, that no conclusion could
or ought to be drawn from the passage of that
bill as indicating the favor of the House to the
principle. It could not, and it ought not to be
done, because the House were not allowed to
know anything of the nature of the case.
But, sir, I was only about to say further, in
regard to the Lawrence claim, that it is similar to
the one pending. If I could have had the ear of
the House to make opposition to that bill, I would
have shown, from the rccordofthe court in Maine,
as published in the report of Mr. Daniel, made
some years ago, which I suppose the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ball] never saw—I take it for
granted that he never saw it; for, if he had, I think
it would have given him a different opinion of the
Lawrence case—I would have shown from the
record, that an impleader was filed on behalf of
other claimants, who alleged that they had cap-
tured the property from the British, and that the
court solemnly adjudged the vessel should belong
to the United States, because of the collusion of
the supposed captors with the enemy; I would
have shown that there was no real capture from
the British at all. If the gentleman has never seen
that report, though it can be no more to him than
a matter of curiosity, I commend it to his perusal.
I would have stated to the House, that the very
court before which the claim of the captors had
been taken—and the name of Zachariah Lawrence
does not appear among the names of those im-
pleading before the court—had cast the suit on
the ground, that the seizure from the British was
a fraudulent and collusive one, and that the whole
property ought to, and should, go to the United
States; and that is the property that both Houses,
during the last Congress, directed should be paid
to Zachariah Lawrence.
I state this, Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of
showing how careful we should be in the exam-
ination of these private claims; and especially how
cautious we should be in precluding all inquiry,
not so much for the sake of saving to the Treas-
ury as to preserve the public morals, by omitting
to hold out those temptations to fraud which are
sometimes held out when careless and hasty le-
gislation enables men to see with what facility
fraud may be perpetrated.
Now, sir, I have said that I did not charge these
men with fraud, because I know nothing about
it. I have stated the facts as they exist, and I
have endeavored to make a candid and correct
statement. I shall be happy to kitow if there are
just reasons why the claim should be allowed. I
cannot conceive of any. It may be that my
friend may furnish such reasons as may induce
the House to come to a different conclusion from
that to which I have arrived.
I would not myself have troubled the House
with a discussion of this case, but for the fact
that no gentleman seemed to know anything of
the facts but myself; and that I deem it my sol-
emn duty to prevent the House from falling into
