1896.]
APP&TfDIX TO THE COPIGRES&IOrfAL GLOBB.
695
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admissipn of Kansas—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
the inquiry comes up, whether the Constitution
has been infringed in point of fact? For, sup-
pose the State to assume the affirmative, and tne
General Government to take the negative, of the
proposition, as each sovereignty would naturally
do in terms, what umpire has the authority to
determine such an issue?
To this interrogatory various and contradictory
answers have been offered. One class of states-
men, distinguished by eminent ability, reply, that
the General Government must necessarily be the
sole judge in the controversy; while another
school, alike exalted, respond, that the General
Government is not a sovereignty, but an agency,
and hence can exercise no umpirage in the case;
and, therefore, that each State respectively must
judge for itself.
The first answer is predicated on  theory of
the American political system which, if commonly
adopted and carried out in all its logical conse-
quences, would annihilate State sovereignty, and
end in consolidation or monarchy; or, if only par-
tially received, would lead inevitably to furious
civil dissensions.
The second solution is equally unfortunate; and
if it should ever be put in practice, would termi-
nate in separation and utter disunion.
The true answer, and the only one which ac-
cords with all the circumstances, is, that neither
the General Government nor the particular State
ean be the exclusive judge of sucn an issue; but
that each must of necessity be the judge for itself.
The one may rightfully maintain the Constitu-
tion, which it believes to be unbroken, with all
the powers of the Army and Navy; while the
other, the aggrieved State, will be justified in
repelling, with all the energy of the sovereignty
left at its command, the unjust usurpation of the
unconstitutional government—acting, not under
the Constitution, but upon the supposition that
it has been annulled by an actual and essential
breach sufficient to render the Federal compact
wholly void, and leaving the State free to do as
an independent power. And each State of the
Confederation, if it deems the constitutional com-
pact still in force, would be bound to sustain the
General Government; while all others that re-
garded the Constitution as fatally infringed might
act as separate unities, or combine with the in-
jured State.
Now, it must be entirely manifest, that the
people settling in a new Territory, whether as a
swarm of emigrants from one State or from one
and thirty, do not leave their privileges as Amer-
ican citizens behind them, but carry there, as
everywhere, the constitutional right to choose
their own rulers and exercise all the functions of
sovereignty, so soon as they shall have estab-
lished a society self-sufficient and capable of in-
dependent government. But, if Congress with-
hold or usurp this right, the act is a plain outrage
and infraction of the Constitution, and the peo-
ple of the Territory have a just cause to assert
their sovereignty, if necessary, by force of arms.
Nay, more than this; each State of the Union,
whose citizens have been thus injured and
wronged by the General Government, may prop-
erly demand that their rights shall be restored,
and in the event of refusal may treat the Federal
compact as dissolved forever.
In the foregoing discussion, I have used the
term sovereignty as alike applicable to the Gen-
eral and State Governments, not because either is
or can be entirely independent of the other, but
because their powers are distinct and separate in
their specific functions; and both must be consid-
ered as supreme, each however only in its peculiar
and designated sphere. There are, and always
have been, two opposite tendencies in the evolu-
tions of this political system—the one to central-
ization of the General Government, and the other
to independence of the particular States; and any
very great predominance in either tendency would
equally prove destructive to the mighty American
experiment of civil liberty and self-government.
It has been said by an eminent constitutional
lawyer, and profound student of the world's his-
tory, that the strife of some excited presidential
election would be the final and decisive test to try
the stability of American institutions; but the
events of recent years, and the facts connected
with the Kansas question, show, beyond a doubt,
that the crisis of ultimate danger will relate to the
disposition of the Territories, or the admission of
future States. And now is the time, if ever, to
settle some great and certain principles which
shall govern in all subsequent cases of the sort—
principles just alike to all sections of the country,
and of eternal, because of equal and impartial,
application.
Cast your eyes, sir, over the map of the United
States, and tell me how many new States must
yet arise in the wilderness, or now numerous will
be the stars that still must be added to our banner?
Shall the same bitter and blighting slavery agita-
tion embarrass or prevent the birth of all these?
But look further over the geographical borders,
towards the North, the South, and the teeming
West, where the tide of American emigration is
rushing onwards, bearing the institutions and
blessings of our common Christianity and free
civilization, and say, shall not such lovely lands
also celebrate their bridal with the Republic, and
share the glorious heritage of civil and religious
I liberity? And what can defeat such a consum-
' mation but the spirit of sectional prejudice and
jealousy, the black fiend that rides on the storm
of slavery excitement ? If the same scenes, at
once so dangerous and so disgraceful, which have
been witnessed in reference to Kansas, must be
repeated on every new accession to the Union,
the most hopeful patriot might well despair of
his country.
The only remedy which I can even imagine for
the great evil, is t<fadmit the absolute right of the
people in all the Territories to State sovereignty
so soon as they are qualified to enjoy its privi-
leges and exercise its powers. Then, sir, let us
actat once, promptly, impartially, and effectually,
on this disinterested principle, and lay at rest for
ever the exciting question which vexes and tor-
ments the nation. Let us not delay, and thus
throw a fresh and flaming fire-brand into the con-
flagration of the coming presidential campaign.
Whence arise these petty plans for the balance of
power among the States ? What means this anx-
ious solicitude to extend or circumscribe the in-
stitution of slavery ? Do politicians madly deem
themselves omnipotent not only to control the
impulses of the people, but the very operations
of nature itself? We may fret and murmur and
struggle against Providence as much as we will;
but the great, the everlasting laws, which work
unseen in the bosom of society will have their
course, and regulate the relations between free
and slave-labor, both as to territorial extent and
political influence, in spite of all combinations,
parties, and Governments.
But at the present moment the urgent and the
absolute _ want of Kansas, and of the whole
country in reference to Kansas, is the prompt
and perfect pacification of that distracted Terri-
tory. This desideratum, indeed, amounts to a
positive necessity, to the exclusion of all other
questions and considerations, as comparatively
of no interest or import. The torch of civil war
has been applied—it matters not how or by whose
hand—to one spot of the national dominions.
One field in the magnificent patrimony of the
Union is on fire, and the remorseless flames,
fanned by the converging blasts of infuriate fac-
tions, both from the North and from the South,
are spreading with fearful impetuosity, to the
imminent peril of a general conflagration, which
may not even be quenched by torrents of blood,
ana long ages of bitter but unavailing tears—the
blood of our brothers, and the tears of our chil-
dren, through distant centuries of sorrow and
•shame. Such is the crisis with which we have
to deal.
It will be objected, I am aware, that the ac-
counts from Kansas have been all tinged with the
glaring colors of willful exaggeration. But it
seems to me difficult, if not utterly impossible, to
heighten by representation the horrors of the !
reign of terror that predominates in " that purple
land, where law protects not life," liberty, or
property. And after making every reasonable
deduction for the excessive statements of rumor,
and the prejudice and partiality of opposing wit-
nesses, the fact remains incontestable, that civil
war exists in the country, and that the hostile I
factions exercise all the rights of belligerents up
to the crimson climax of assassination in field
and foray, and down to the piratical privilege of
plunder on every highway and in every home!
Nor is the enormous evil, the unprecedented out-
rage, confined to the limits of Kansas itself. The
perturbations of the storm extend to the furthest
extremities of the Union. Have we not seen
companies enlisted, officered, armed, equipped,
and inarched openly into the disputed Territory?
Have we not heard, do we not all know, how
these troops from Massachusetts and Missouri,
from New York and South Carolina, have already
come into fierce collision, have killed and cap*
tured each other without scruple or mercy? And
will any one have the folly or effrontery to pre-
tend that this is not a state of war ? Are not the
people of Boston and of Charleston, who engage
in the preparation of such enterprises, as much
committed to hostilities as if the respective arma-
ments were dispatched to assault their mutual
ports ? And is there no power, or a want of will
in the supreme Government of the nation to stay
such a terrible calamity?—to blot out forever this
historic page of intolerable shame ? Let no self-
deceiving political sophist tell me, that the evil
will soon run its course, or that the paroxysm
will pass away, and the disease cure itself. Let
no short-sighted statesman flatter himself with
the vainest of all delusions—that either of the
factions in Kansas will triumph to subdue the
other, and that, by such means, the restoration
of peace will be effected. Not a particle of the
soul capable of so tame and dastardly a submis-
sion will ever be found in the descendants of the
old iron-hearted Puritans, the men of the race that
pledged eternal liberty with the bright blood of a.
king; nor in the veins alive with lightning of the
chivalrous children of the southern summer. And.
I rejoice that it is so. The Union may well be
proud that in no section of the country, as yet,
have Americans degenerated into the fit condition
to become slaves.
You may therefore rest assured of the fact as
certain as any axiom in geometry, that neither
party in Kansas can conquer the other. Only
imagine the effect, if the weird and wonderful
tongue of electricity should speak to-day, and tell
to all the grand capitals throughout the land that
one of the organizations, either the pro-slavery
or the anti-slavery faction, hfid been exterminated
in the disputed Territory. Do you think the an-
nouncement would inspire fear and trembling and
cringing thoughts of subjection in the friends
of the vanquished ? Far otherwise. It would
set one half the Union on fire as with the flash of
a blazing thunderbolt, sweeping the entire conti-
nent east and west, from sea to sea. Alarm-bells
would ring the summons to arms, from the stee-
ples of ten thousand churches, and such monstrous
meetings of the people would rush together ere
the setting of another sun as that sun in sixty
centuries never saw before. Men would be mus-
tered by legions, money would be raised by mil-
lions, and all would be hurried away on the wings
of steam to renew the fight. The war would be-
come a series of crusades the most ruthless, blind,
and bloody, which the world has ever witnessed;
and the struggle could only terminate with the
thorough .destruction of either the North or the
South. But the weaker side, whichever that
might prove at last to be, in the fury of their rage
ana despair, would seek other and extraneous
aid—would take shelter under the thrones of Eu-
rope and despotism for security from the stabs
of fratricidal hands; and thus the whole country
might lose even the last vestige of its independ-
ence.
It is the apex of absurdity, the absolute of
political insanity, to talk about conquest and
submission as between the North and Uie South,
either on the plains of Kansas or elsewhere.
Hence, the war must end, like all wars are ended,
by the pacification of u compromise; and to be
durable or beneficial, this compromise must be
equal, honorable, and vigorously just to both
parties. An ostensible peace, which inflicts terms
of humiliation on either side, is nothing more
than a hollow and deceitful truce, to be Droken
the first convenient opportunity. Such is the
testimony of all human history.
