THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 26, 1856.
New Series....No. 45.
Mr. ADAMS. I have stricken that out.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Adams] has so modified his amend-
ment as to apply only to the bridges on the East-
ern Branch.
Mr. BUTLER. I was not aware of it.
Mr. WELLER. It seems to me that there is
more propriety in retaining the Long Bridge in
the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi,
for, if I understand the vote of the Senate, they
will not repair that bridge. It is now in an im-
passable condition; it is dangerous to cross over
it. We ought either to repair the bridge or turn
it over to some authority that will keep it in re-
pair. I should be much more disposed to vote for
the proposition as it was originally introduced
than in its present shape. The Long Bridge must
be repaired, otherwise itcannot be used. If, how-
ever, we do not intend to repair it-—if we desire
that it should go down, it is better to say so di-
rectly, and make an appropriation of $5,000 to
take it down. If the Senate say they will no
longer keep it in repair, they ought either to turn
it over to the city, or tear it down entirely.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment as mod-
ified is to strike out the whole amendment of the
Senator from Maryland, and insert:
That the right and title of the United States in and to
the navy-yaid and upper bridges ol the Eastern Branch
be, and the same is heieby, lelmquished to the coiporation
or the city of Washington.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Biodhead, Evans, Ham-
lin, Houston, Iluntei, Iverson, Pugh, Heid, Rusk, Slidel!,
Sumnet, Thomson of New Jersey, Toueey, and Wilson
—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell of New Hampshire, Ben-
jamin, Biglei, Bright, Biown, Butler,Clayton,Dodge, J)ur-
kee, Fish, Fitzpatnck, Foot, Foster, Gcyer, Harlan, Piatt,
Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and Wellcr—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected. The question recurring on the amend-
ment of Mr. Pratt, the yeas and nays were taken
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell
of Tennessee, Benjamin, Brown, Butler, Clayton, Dodge,
Durkee, Fessenden, Fish. Foot, Foster, Gcyer, Harlan,
Pratt, Seward, Stuart, Wade, and Weller—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Btggs, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead,
Evans, Fitzpatnck, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Iver-
son, Pugh, Keid, Rusk, Shdell, Sumner, Thomson ot' New
Jersey, Wilson, and YuJee—20.
So the amendment was rejected. /
Mr. HUNTER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer the fallowing amend-
ment:
Public Printing.— To supply deficiencies in the appro-
piianon for printing and papei ordered at the fiist session
of the Thirty-Third Congiess, $o7,l'/3.
To supply deficiencies in the appropriation for printing
of the fiist session of the Thirty-Fourth Congiess, arising
under the joint resolution approved February 27, 1856,
$214,188 95.
Mr. BROWN. I perceive from the newspapers,
and I have no doubt it is true, that the public
printer for the House ofRepresentativeslastyear
made a claim for $20,000, or about that sum,
under a resolution adding twenty per cent, to the
pay of the employes of the Government. It was
refused by Congress, and afterwards refused by
the Treasury Department; and he subsequently
brought an action before the Court of Claims,
where he obtained a favorable decision. I desire
to ask of the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance whether this deficiency is intended to cover
that item ?
Mr. HUNTER. This is not designed to cover
that item. This is for a deficiency in the print-
ing. I can only say, that it is in accordance with
the estimate made by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury on the authority of the Superintendent of
Public Printing. I have no knowledge of the
mode in which the deficiency arose, nor have I
the means of ascertaining. Some gentleman who
belongs in the Printing Committee, perhaps, can
give an explanation. I only know that it is a
deficiency, and that we shall have to appropriate
for it.
Mr. BROWN. If it is not intended to cover
45
the item to which I alluded, I have not a word to
say; but, if it is, I wish to be heard on it.
Mr. HALE. I did not understand the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance to say that it
does not cover that item.
Mr. HUNTER.. It is not designed to cover
that. Before that claim could be paid, Congress
must act on it.
Mr. BROWN. I do not know when these
estimates are sent in what they are intended to
cover. If my friend from Virginia says that this
is not included, of course I take it for granted
that he understands it.
Mr. HUNTER. I have the specified items
here, and I will have them read.
Mr. WELLER. I take it for granted that, if
the claim has been allowed by the Court of Claims,
it must come hero for an appropriation, and can-
not be embraced in this amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I have the specification of
the items, and that is not one of them. If the
Senator desires it, I will have them read.
Mr. BROWN. Not unless the Senator de-
sires it himself.
Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. HALE. Let us
know what they are.
Mr. CLAYTON. Let it be read.
Mr. PRATT. I am informed that the Super-
intendent of Public Printing made an estimate of
expenses for the present Congress; and the ap-
propriation of $240,000 now asked for is what is
supposed to be the excess over and above the
former estimate made for the printing of the
present Congress. I desire to know if I am right
in that?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRATT. It seems to me very singular,
that when only three or four months of the ses-
sion have passed away, an estimate should be
made for the printing of this Congress; and that,
already in a deficiency bill, we should be asked
to appropriate $240,000 more than was originally
estimated for. I will listen with a great deal of
pleasure to the items, and I desire to have them
read.
The Secretary read the following:
Statement, shou-in% the Printing (and the paper required
therefor) ordered at the first and second session of the
Tfiiilij-Third Congress, and not paid foi out vj the appro-
priations J or those sessions.
FIRST SrSSION".
The only document ordered to be piinted at the first
session, Thirty-Third Congiess, remaining unfinished and
unpaid for, ih "the Repoit ol the United States Naval Agro-
nomical Expedition to Chili. Theie were otdered to be
punted, by the Senate, six thousand four hundred copies
ot the Narrative, and two thousand torn hundied copies of
the Observation!-; and, by the House, seven thousand live
hundied and twentj copies of the Nairauve, and three
thousand five, hundied and twenty copies of the Observa-
tions.
The printing of the first, second, and third volumes of this
woik has1>ccn completed, and paid for m part, leaving a
balance due the punters of about $13,257
A poition of the paper used for punting the second
and third volumes was supplied fiom that pur-
chased for the second se^ion of the Thirty-Third
Oongiess, amounting to the sum of  5,981
It is estimated that the residue of this work will
make three volumes: the order is, to print five
thousand nine hundred and twenty copies ol each
volume, making seventeen thousand seven hun-
dred and sixty volumes, which are estimated to
cost, lor paper and printing, the sum ot  37.935
Total required for 1st cp^sion 33d Congress 
SECOND SF^SION.
All the printing for the second session of the Thirty-Third
Congress has been finished and paidioi. with the exception
of the Pacific railroad report-sand the Kpoit ot Commo-
dore Periy's expedition to Japan.
The Pacific jaihoad reports are estimated to make six
volumes, one of which is completed and paid for. Twentv-
three thousand nine hundied and twentycopie*. of each vol-
ume are ordered to be printed, the papei and printing of
which cost $34,101 79. Estimating the five volumes yet to
be minted to cost the same pti volume, the a<rgic;jate will
ho ;  -v; 0,508 95
The report ol Commodore Peny is estimated to
make four volumes. There are ordered to be
printed eighteen thousand tour hundred and
twenty copies of each, making seveniy-thiee
thousand six hundred volumes, the paper and
punting of winch is estimated to cost one
dollar per volume, making an aggregate of.... 73ft
5 00
Total required for 2d session 33d Congress  244,188 95
Total lequiied for 1st session 33d Congress,
broughtforward    57,173 00
Total .$301,301 35
* This item will piobabiy be reduced tome three or four
thousand dollars
Mr. RUSIC. I wish to inquire of the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Finance if we
cannot alter his proposition so as to stop the pub-
lication of tho Gilliss report. I think we have got
enough of that.
A Senator. Stop the report of the Pacific rail-
road.
Mr. RUSIC. No, sir; that is a matter of some
importance, and I do not want to stop that.
Mr. ADAMS. Let us stop the publication of
the report of the Japan expedition.
Mr. RUSK. I do not see how tho report of
the Japan expedition can possibly reach four
volumes. I understand that, we nave already
printed three volumes of Gilliss's report; and I
think that, if we can stop that publication and pay
for what we have got, we had better do it at
once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest that the
unimportant part of Gilliss's report lias been pub-
lished and distributed. The important part—the
observations—we have yet to get.
Mr. RUSK. Nobody supposed we were to get
six enormous volumes to load down the mails.
Mr. BUTLER. Are the birds and snakes all
published? [Laughter.]
Mr. RUSK. Are all the pictures published?
[Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. All that remains to be
published are the observations.
Mr. BROWN. I would suggest that hereafter,
in the printing of all kinds of books, the better
part of the matter should be done first, so that if
we take it into our heads to stop it we shall not
stop good matter. The report of Mr. Gilliss ia
a very pretty book. It contains many pictures
of snakes, lizards, bugs, fish, and parrots, and
everything "in heaven above, or that is in the
earth beneath, or that is in the water under the
earth." I have never seen such a picture book;
but, as to its being of any value beyond that, I
confess I cannot appreciate it. The pictures are
well gotten up. There is a picture of a parrot
there painted green, and I dare say it has cost
the Government $10,000 at least. Hereafter, I
hope, when we print books, we shall print the
good part first, so that if we want to cut off their
tail we may do it without losing the valuable
portion.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As I alluded to this sub-
ject the other day, it is proper, perhaps, that I
should say a word now. Lieutenant Griihss went
to Chili to make certain astronomical observa-
tions, and in his instructions from the Navy De-
partment he was directed to obtain such useful
information connected with his explorations as
ho thought proper; so that he claims to act under
instructions from the Navy Department, and I do
not know that in the absence of those instructions
we should throw the entire responsibility on
Lieutenant Gilliss, It depends upon the terms of
his instiuctions and the law under which this
expedition to Chili was organized. I know that
there must be some abuse somewhere. "VVe sent
him out, as I obseived before, to make certain
astronomical observations. He comes back, and
we are to havo six large volumes published, most
of them containing tho history of Chili, i under-
take tn say that that was not the original purpose
of tho law; but whether Lieutenant Gilliss is to be
heid responsible for this abuse I do not know.^ I
rather think that he is not, because I take it lor
j granted ho acted under the orders of the Navy
I Department.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am gratified at the
| direction which this discussion has taken, and I
! trust it will mako its impression on the minds of
f Senators. I believe it will be conceded that I have
' generally opposed the publication of books of thia
