696
AtmmiX TO TUB 0Ol*6ft£&gI€WAL m®SIk
[June 28,
34111 COW«....1ST SESS.
Admission erf Kansas—'Mr, Eeang,
Ho. op Reps.
Various plana haw been; proposed by eminent
politicians fof the pacification of Kansas; but, m
my humble judgment, most of these ire inade-
quate, and some of them would be positively
mischievous. One member of the other House
suggests the scheme of annexation to Nebraska,
the only effect of which measure would be an
extension of the area embraced in the vortex of
the social storm, to a Territory now free from
the ravages of its anarchy and strife. It Would
be useless to Kansas, ana unjust at Well as eruel
16 Nebraska.
The scheme of the other distinguished Senator
from Illinois is the admission of Kansas as a
State when it shall contain the usual amount of
population entitled to a Representative in Con-
gress. With all proper deference, I submit that
this is no solution at all, but simply the delay
and procrastination of the problem which seeks
to terminate the present revolting and dangerous
state of war. It might be a dozen or more years,
dependent on unknown contingencies, before the
period should arrive contemplated by Mr. Doug-
las; and until then the horrors of political and
personal hostility would inevitably continue. In-
deed, the epoch of pacification might perhaps
never dawn, ad the frightful disorders, instead
of favoring the increase of population, must ulti-
mately tend to render the whole country a howl-
ing and savage desert.
The plan of the very talented and experienced
statesman of Delaware is mere prudent and politic
as well as efficacious; since it presents a remedy
for some of the most palpable and outrageous
wrongs in the case. Nevertheless*, as I conceive,
it does not touch the heart of the evil, and fur-
nishes no solution of the central and pressing
problem—the speedy and thorough pacification
of Kansas. The factions there will not listen to
reason, or even the powerful voice of self-interest,
With arms in their hand*, and while the clangor
Of civil war and the wild waves of passion are
roaring all around them. What Kansas need*
&t the present moment is a virtual dictator—a
strong authority and exalted wisdom to control i
the turbulence of parties without the humiliation i
of their pride. Such a man, possessed of ample J
discretion, ami relying on moral suasien in prefer- j
«nce to blind force, would soon be regarded as a
safe and certain mediator betwixt the most bitter |
enemies, and would .probably quiet the country i
in less than a single month. He should be a
person of universal celebrity, with a name ven-
erated for distinguished services. He should have
the most profound intelligence, the greatest prac-
tical sagacity, and the largest experience in public
life, with the immense weight of an irreproach-
able Character for impartiality and patriotism!,
and, to crown all, he should be free from every
tinge or odor of suspicion, and from all sympathy
With any form of that pestilential slavery excite-
ment. He should be without a selfish motive or
political aspiration, with nothing to gain but genu-
ine glory and the good of his country. He must
be unbiased as justice, and calm as eternal truth.
And do we not all know the man for such a 
emergency ? Can any American have forgotten—
can America ever forget the name of General
Scott?
When the distinguished Senator from Kentucky,
a few days ago, made the suggestion in the other
Chamber, it startled some politicians as a novelty,
Without precedent or principle. Bat had all been
better acquainted with what might be appropri-
ately termed the esoteric history of American
administration, the proposition could not have
excited any feelings of Surprise. Such a lofty
mission would be no new or untried trust f&r
General Scott; the same confidence has been
accorded to him, in times of trial, by several of
our greatest and wisest Presidents. At the dark
and threatening era of the Hartford Convention,
when the nation, in addition to the dangers of a
foreign war against the most powerful Govern-
ment on the globe, was also menaced with the
horrors of rebellion, treason, and civil strife at
borne, it was this eminent man, this disinterested
patriot, and sage adviser, that Mr. Madison
called to his private council, for consultation in
the crisis, and wished him to assume the respons-
ibility of suppressing the inehoats iasometio*
—the malignant symptoms tending so strongly to
disunion. However, as an attack by British fleets
was then expected, upon both Baltimore and
Philadelphia, he did not go to the sttene of the
Hartford revolutionists, but, at his suggestion,
the delicate task was committd to General Jesup.
Again, in the gloomy days of nullification ift
1833, When the perils of a violent disruption and
civil war were most imminent, and indeed Seemed
absolutely inevitable, it was this same prudent
and patriotic counselor, for whom the great Gen-
eral Jackson Sent a secret and Special message,
, and with whom he devised the means of pacifi-
cation without bloodshed or an actual resort to
1 the dread arbitrament of arms. The President
I dispatched him to South Carolina without any
| particular instructions; in fact, with full discre-
! tionary authority to execute his oWn Views. The
j object was to avert the horrors of internecine
' war; but the method was left exclusively to the
! judgment of General Scott. What a beautiful
page is this in tbe biography of both these re-
markable men, who, it is well known, had begft
previously the most determined political and per-
sonal enemies. But with characteristic magna-
nimity in the hour of danger to their eotmtry,
, they experience no other consciousness save cfe-
1 votion to their country's good. The success of
General Scott in conducting that alarming crisis
to a peaceful termination is a matter of pride and
exultation for the pen of the future historian. By
the adoption of pacific and soothing measures, in
preference to the stern tyranny of superior force,
he avoided a collision which woula have been
fearful and ruinous as the shock of an earthquake
to the entire Union, and allayed th6 wild excite-
ment to a perfect calm; thus preparing the way
for compromise and concession.
Again: at the period of the troubles on the
Canada frontier, President Van Buren sent this
same grand pacificator to preserve our neutrality
and prevent a foreign war. And afterwards,
when the excitement was renewed, and set the
whole North on fire, and thousands were arming
for vengeance, General Hawison commissioned
him as sole conservator of the public peace. And
still again, on its northeastern border, did he, by
his prudence and conduct, avert the calamities of
war. But perhaps the most gratifying proof of
Unlimited confidence ever received by General
Scott was manifested by Mr. Polk in the contest
with Mexico, when the President Sent for hhn,
and upon their meeting, revealed the true dignity
and grandeur of his soul in tbe ingenuous avowal,
" That he had sought the interview to- enlist the
sympathy of the distinguished soldier, not as a
politician, but as a patriot. That the war dragged
heavily, and might pull down the Administration,
which was a small matter—but that it might also'
paB' down into the dust the country with it, which
was a great matter." And with these noble
Words, he urged upon the illustrious chieftain' thw
entire management of hostilities, and the supreme
command of the a#my of occupation, with the
promise of a force amounting to twenty thou-
sand men, and sufficient money to speed the op-
erations. This fact occurred in September, 1846',
and the General, on his part, enga!ged to dictate
a peace before the following August. He could
not, however, accomplish the undertaking to- the
exact letter as to date, because, owing to the
false economy, or rather foolish parsimony, of
Congress1, he did not obtain but little more than
one half the men or money which had been indi-
cated as necessary. In this transaction, also, we
are permitted to behold the highest evidences of
patriotism and generosity; for every reader of
the newspapers at that period remembers the-
unpleasant feeling and cross-firing which had
just been exhibited between the Administration
and General Scott. Nevertheless, at the solemn
bidding of public duty, they both hastened to sac-
rifice all passion and prejudice on the holy altar
of the national interest; and the President gave
the heroic Warrior a dictatorial authority to in-
dite his own instructions. The glorious and con-
summate success of that elevated policy in the
splendid achievements of General Scott, belongs
to the history of the Union and of the worfd.
But all the powers of language would fail to do
«*y «eirtof fwiUi to the wisdom, prudence*, &nt
masterly skill, With Which this modern conqueror
of Mexico directed his magnificent enterprise.
Not alone by profound Strategy and the force
of his perfect military combinations, not by the
naked terrors of his irresistible arms, did he
achieve his most brilliant victories; for while
he baffled and beat back the embattled hosts of
the Organized enemy on the field and in the fort-
ress, at the same time he vanquished the very
hearts Of the people by his humanity, justice, and
unprecedented moderation. His conduct at the
close of the Campaign added a new and undying
glory, a splendor as of celestial light to the halo
Which encircles his name. The impartiality,
firmness, and clemency of his regime had inspired
the Mexicans with such love, respect, and bound-
less admiration that they proffered him the high,
office of ardietatorship over their entire country,
and wished to deposit $3,000,000 to his credit m
New York or London, at his option, for the pur-
I pose of carrying out the scheme. And thus the
! mighty empire of the MontezumaS lay within his
! grasp. But he turned coldly away from the glit-
tering bauble of ambition and proudest power,
preferring the home of an equal citizen in his
native land, to the scepter of an absolute sover-
eign on a foreign soil, bequeathing an example of
purity and patriotism to all future generations,
nearly or quite without a parallel in the annals
' of mankind. And when, with his victorious
soldiers, he marched away, all Mexico was left
in mourning, and thousands of her sons and
daughters burst into sorrowful tears. The con-
quered wept at the departure of their invaders.
Such a scene never before Was witnessed in the
history of war or the World.
In fine, the proposition appears to me clear as
| the sunlight of heaven, that this is the man fitted
by fame, by experience, by nature and education,
and preserved by the mysterious mercy of Prov-
idence for the present crisis—the pacification of
Kansas. The sole objection that has been urged,
or that can be urged, against his mission as pro-
posed inthe other Chamber by Mr. Crittenden,
scemd to me as false in fact as it is futile in argu-
ment. It is alleged that any such action on our
part would be an intrusion into the appropriate
province of the Administration, and a discourtesy
to the Executive. But I have yet to learn, and I
apprehend the country will hear the doctrine with
astonishment, that Congress is destitute of all
power for prevention or remedy in a case of civil
war. Nor can such a measure be possibly construed
as wanting in respect to the chief functionary of the
Government. We would simply request him to
follow in the safe and honorable path, the broad
and beaten highway of most illustrious prece-
dents; to do what the immortal Madison, the
great Jackson, the prudent Polk, the sagacious
Van Buren, and the humane Harrison, all thought
it no derogation from their dignity to perform
under similar circumstances!. Ana besides, the
saggestion on many accounts ought to be agree-
able to the President. He can never hope to com-
promise the difficulties himself. A mediator must
ftot only be, but must be trusted as, impartial.
And one great party, indeed one half the Country,
regards the Executive as thoroughly identified
with the pro-slavery idea.and interest. I do not
assert it to be so. I only say it is believed to bo
so, which amounts to the same thing as a dis-
qualification for tije office of umpirage. Nothing
that he could do would give satisfaction to either
side. The friends of the South would deem.any
concession of his desertion from the Democracy,
and the advocates of the North would look upon
it as a political snare and delusion. Viewing tha
subject in another light, what a splendid opportu-
nity is now opened for the President to imitate
the greatness and generosity of General Jackson,
in one Of the most glorious actions of that life
so transcendent in glorious deeds—to vindicate
his magnanimity by paying a just and noble com-
pliment to the defeated rival for the exalted chair
which he to-day occupies. It cannot be other-
Wise than pleasing to his imagination, and grate-
ful to his heart.
I am perfectly aware that there are some poli-
ticians rn both factions who do not desire to see
this disgraceful controversy adjusted ,.e ven if they
could have it all their own way. They would
