64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28.
upon all rightful subjects, and this is a subject
which they had authority to legislate upon. Such
provisions are made in the States of the Union
every day. There is no objection to requiring a
poison to swear to support a particular act when
he is appointed an officer to execute it. Even the
commissioners to lay out our highways in the
States of the Union, before they enter on the dis-
charge of their duties, take an oath to lay out the
road in accordance with the act under which they
are appointed, and to conform their action to it.
Does anybody suppose that to be unconstitu-
tional? You have declared in your bill, that no
person shall be required, as a qualification for any
office or public trust, to take an oath to support j
any law. I say the Constitution of the United j
States contains no such inhibition, and there is c
a great propiiety in requiring a person to swear j
to support a law which he is called upon to
ad minister.
This section goes further, and provides that no
such oath shall be required " for any employ-
ment or profession." There is an act of the
Kansas Legislature requiring an attorney to swear !
to support the fugitive slave law, and the Kan- j
sas-JNebraska act. I deny that there is anything j
unconstitutional in those provisions. An oath '
administered to an attorney t^at he shall support
the Constitution of the United States, and faith-
fully demean himself as an attorney according to
the laws of Kansas, is not an unconstitutional
oath; it is a valid oath and a proper oath to be
administered, if the laws of Kansas Territory
were proper laws enacted by competent authority.
The section goes still further, and provides that
no test oath shall be requned " to serve as a jmor
or vote at an election;" and that no law shall be
enforced m that Territory, " which shall impose
any tax upon, or condition to, the exercise of
the right of suffrage by any qualified voter/'
Now, let us see what the Kansas-Nebraska art
declares. After prescribing the qualifications
of volers, the twenty-third section, of that act
provides "the qualifications of voters, and of
nolding office at all subsequent elections shall be
such as shtill be prescribed by the Legislative
Assembly." Here express authority was gnen
to the Legislative Assembly to pieseribe the qual-
ifications of voters m so many words, with one !i
limitation, which is, that they must Uo citizens 1!
of the United Slates, or have dee,laved their in- ji
Mention to become such. There is expressly j
conferred on the Legislature authoiity to pie-1
scribe the qualifications of voters. Is there any-,
thing unconstitutional m ihat? j
I should like some of these Senators who say |
that the furthest limit to which they can go is to ;
vote to repeal u law vvhu h is unconstitutional,!
and that they cannot vote to repeal any law which i
is unconstitutional, to tell me how they voted f>r ,
this clause which declares thu no law shall have j
force in the Territory which shall require the j
prepayment of a tax as a qualification to vote?"
There is nothing unconstitutional in requiring a ;
man to nay a tax as a qualification to tne cxer-!
else of the light of suffrage. It was formerly re-'
quirei^in many of the States, and very possibly j
may be now in some of them. Although there is |
a law of the Kansas Legislature requiring the 1
payment of the tax as a qualification for voting, j
you, by a bill passed in this body, have declared !
that that act shall have no force or validity. j
Now, what becomes of the pretense which is j
here set up that Congress cannot pass any law to |
repeal an enactment of the Territorial Legislature ;
unless it be unconstitutional? 1 have not yet,
done with tins bill. I desire to allude to another
clause of it, although one clause is as good as a ,
thousand; one establishes the pimciplc. Tiie bill
which you have passed is full of provisions annul-
ling and repealing the acts of the Territorial Le-
gislature. The Territorial Legislature provided
for an election in October next for members of
the Legislature, and Delegate to Congress, and
also for submitting to the people at that time to
determine by their votes whether or not they
would have a convention to form a constitution
and State government. All this was provided
for by the Territorial Legislature of Kansas,
which enacted all the machinery necessary to !
carry it into eifect. Was there anything uncon- •
stifuiional in this? I should like to have the dis- i
tinguished Senator from Louisiana, who is an !
astute lawyer, and understands it well, to tell me
what clause of the Constitution of the United
States prohibited the Territorial Legislature of
Kansas from providing for an election in October
next, or which prohibited them from requiring
the payment of a tax as a qualification to vote?
What does your bill declare? "To avoid all
conflict in the execution of this act, all otherelec-
tions in said Territory are hereby postponed until
such time as said convention shall appoint. " No
election is to be held in October as the Territorial
Legislature had provided—that Legislature upon
which you had undertaken to confer the right
of legislation upon all rightful subjects. ^ You
postpone that election; you annul that action of
the Legislature.
I say it is idle for you, after having supported
such a bill as this, to say that you adhere to the
doctrine of sovereignty in the Territory. The
position originally was an erroneous one; but it
was attempted to be maintained, on the passage
of the Nebraska bill, that that act conferred the
right of sovereignty on the people of the Terri-
tories. It was, on examination, found to be an
absurdity, as it has been pronounced to-day, and
now, when we see its practical workings, the very
Senators, who are still adhering to that confused
notion of sovereignty in aTerritory, areinvolving
themselves in difficulty all the time, and they
themselves, while professing to adhere to this
doctrine, have gone into the Territory, and abol-
ished laws of the Legislature which they say was
legal, and laws, too, not in conflict with the Con-
stitution of the United. States or any of its pro-
visions. I rose principally for the purpose of
showing that those wlio passed this bill have
abandoned the ground, that Congress has no right
to repeal any laws of a TemtouaJ Legislature
but those which arc manifestly unconstitutional.
Mr. PUCH addressed the Senate at some
length. His speech will be published elsewhere—
see the Index.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The honorable Senator
from New York [Mr. Seward] has misunder-
stood me, as I learn from his remarks, so far as
to impute to me disrespectful.or reproachful words
applied to some of the northern States. Mr.
President, I have been here a long time. It is
very seldom that 1 have used words with the in-
tention of personal olFcnse. When I do so I en-
i deavor to make my purpose unequivocal and
i certain. But, sir, a disrespectful word of a State
I of this Union I never spoke in my life on this
j floor. I never intended any disrespect or reproach
1 to a State. I look upon them as the sovereigns
' whom we represent in this body. I never have
! allowed to escape my lips one word of reproach
on them. Did I to-day? No. Did i to the
Noith ? Did I to Massachusetts? No. I spoke
of parties—of a portion of her people. Even a
State may have its moments of weakness, just as
individuals; fervor and passion may run across
the public councils, and distract the oidinary
course1 of her wisdom just as they do in individ-
ual life. I did not even speak of those with dis-
respect, nor hold myself at liberty to apply re-
proach. I look for the most glorious resurrection.
As I said to-day, I hope to see old Massachusetts
yet herself. I do not condemn her. I alluded to
the passion, the fanaticism, and the feeling of the
moment. It will pass away everywhere; and we
shall see her great name again ascending to the
skies, and resuming her place in this Union to be
j what she was at the time of the formation of the
i Constitution, and long, long years afterwards—
! furnishing to this body funds of wisdom and
j patriotism in the men she sent here. So it will
I be.
My friend from Pennsylvania might as well
I suppose that I intended by my remarks to impute
1 anything to Pennsylvania. Not at all. She may
! have within her borders the same political dis-
i ease, but 1 look to her with an abiding confidence.
I reproach her not. I look to those very States
to see the evil which is now sleeping over them
| and endangering the whole land; and I can fancy
; old Pennsylvania seated, with her iron crown,
j upon the top of her lofty mountains, and staying
. this wave of desolation and civil warfare that
; would spread over the land. There is the place
i for her to stand, and that is the majestic part for
i her to act. What is a portion of her people and a
! portion of our whole countrymen doing now?
Going into a national contest for the election of
a Chief Magistrate; and what are the issues ?
How does this very term seem to dwindle down
and diminish the majesty of the great national
question which we aie called on to decide, by call-
ing it a little issue in which we are to plead and
counterplead, and reply, and rejoin, and surre-
join, and rebut, and demur until the people have
lost all confidence in the great motives on which
we are to act! Patriotism sinks down into the
little miserable scramble of an election. I do not
want to see any such thing, sir. It is a great
national question to be decided, and how are you
going into this contest—how? "Slavery" and
44 anti-slavery" are the watchwords tjiat lead on
the American people — " niggcr-woishipers,"
as one side are called, and a term of reproach is
applied to the other side. These are the sounds
of the mighty contest. Does not every Amori-
' can heart sink—every sentiment of pride that be-
longs to us almost perish away when a great
national contest is to be conducted under such
auspices and with such arguments? What is
there in them that is American ? What is thcie
that swells the heart? What is there of patriot-
ism in them all ? We seem like a set of mere
factionists, striving and sciambling for office and
emolument. That is the condition and these the
sort of issues that are now attempted to be made
UP* ...
Sir, it is time that we laid aside these feelings. It
is time that our fellow-citizens North should take
a more conciliatory view of this subject. If this
must be a question among us, it ought to be put
low down; all the better feelings ought to be em-
ployed. We have fallen, and are falling rapidly
under these issues, into mere sectionalism, and
into those dangers to which I have alluded. That
seems to be the tendency"of things. It is from
that 1 implore the same Providence which has so
long and so often protected this country, to in-
terpose her soothing and benefiicent influences
here. I look to the North, and I look to the
South; I look to them all as my countrymen.
Those who have been led astray, or shall be
tempted to be led astray, I hope will consider and
think for themselves. Is this all that, as Angli-
can citizens, is left to us, to think of the question
of slavery and anti-slavery with all the oppro-
brious terms .used on the one side and the other?
| Is it not time, gentlemen, that instead of seeking
t<^get up these issues we should seek to put them
down? The assault unquestionably in this case,
or the men who lead it on, comes from the North.
Have I not a right to invoke them? Cannot I
speak plainly to them, as a fellow-citizen with
out having disrespect or reproach imputed to me
as intended by me to be cast upon them ? I hope
I may. Whdfinall that we have heaid lieie—
who of their representatives in the midst of this
threatening strife, has been heard to say to his
brethren of the North, " Bo reconciled to your
brethren ?" What language of that sort has been
held by those who have addressed us on this
subject? We have heard nothingof the kind.
Sir, I have gone beyond my purpose, which
was simply to say to the honorable Senatorfroni
New York, that, if he understood me as casting,
or intending to cast, any sort of reproach on any
State of this Union, he misunderstood me. I did
not intend any such thing.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
feel that, under the circumstances, I ought not to
trespass on the Senate at this time in extended
remarks, but the occasion is so great and so exi-
gent, that I wiil move that the Senate adjourn;
I and I shall ask leave to-morrow to submit a few
| remarks. I say now, that I entertain the opin-
| ions I first expressed on the question at the meet-
[ ing of the present Congiess. I will sit here until
[ December, or the 4th of March if need be, until
| we settle this question.
i Mr. WELLER. I hope the motion to adjourn
j will be withdrawn. It is necessary to have ail
l executive session.
! Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have no objection
| to yielding to an executive session.
I ENROLLED BILLS.
i The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bill and resolution:
An act to supply an omission in the enrollment
J of a certain act; and
j A joint resolution authorizing the purchase and
] restoration to the British Government of the ship
j Resolute, late of the British Navy.
