706
THE,CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 24,
Jcind, and I perceive that my fears in regard to
the subject have been realized.
The Senate itself is as much responsible for
these expenses as the Committee on Printing.
The Government sends out these expeditions, and
when the reports are made they are referred to
the Committee on Printing, and we are required
to examine them. If an adverse report should be
made, Senators are beset by applications in regard
to the -matter, and frequently the report of the
Committee is overruled and the Senate determine
that the work shall be published. There are
works coming in from every part of the Union—
work's of every species—atlases, and books of
various kinds, which we are asked to publish. In
justice to the Committee on Printing, of which I
am a member, I will say, that we reduced to the
lowest possible point everything connected with
thisexpedition; and when we submitted our report
we adopted the lowest possible number which we
supposed would be tolerated by the Senate.
I am not surprised at this large deficiency; and
it will increase unless Senators scrutinize more
closely before they disregard the recommendations
of the committee, and examine the works which
undergo the revision of that portion of the Senate.
I venture to say, that there is no committee in
the Senate which would have pared down and
submitted less matter out of the report of Lieu-
tenant Gilliss, than that which the Committee on
Printing reported in favor of publishing; and yet
it astounds everybody when the facts are made
known. Some of the reports of expeditions,
the printing of which has rauscd this large defi-
ciency, are valuable—for instance, the expedition
to Japan and the Pacific railroad surveys. These
are valuable works, and necessarily cost a groat
deal of money; but we spend large sums for un-
necessary publications. 1 am glad that the subject
has arrested the attention of the Senate, and iam
not unwilling to concur with the gentleman from
Texas, for the report of Lieutenant Gilliss never
did commend itsalf to mc.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I would ask how
it happened that the committee authorized the
publication of six volumes?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. We did not know that
there would be so many. Our report was based
on tho work as submitted to us.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Was there no esti-
mate or plan ?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. My impression is—
my colleagues on the committee can correct me
if I am mistaken — that we formed our judgment
from the work before us; and the committee were
astonished—at least I was—on learning that the
work was to be extended to six or seven volumes.
When we reported on the subject to the Senate,
we supposed that we had charge of the entire
work, and we pared that down to the lowest
point. I have not examined the rest of the work,
and cannot undertake to speak m regard to it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. What docs the
Senator mean by paring it down to tho lowest
point, unless there was some plan presented?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. There were a groat
many charts, and maps, and calculations. Lieu-
tenant Gilliss desired to have a large number pub-
lished. We only recommended one thousand of
the observations.
Mr. BELL. Then you had no idea of the
number of volumes?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I had not. at the time
when I gave it my sanction, I did not dream that
it would reach such a number.
In reference to many of these works I will say
that they are importantand useful to the country.
Four volumes of the Japan expedition are spoken
of as a large number. Why, sir, I think the j
books containing an account of Lieutenant j
Wilkes's voyage reached as high as twenty-eight j
volumes. TW work now under consideration j
is to extend to four. There are many surveys j
which are not provided for, and the amount j
necessarily must run up to a large sum. The '■
facts are minutely sot forth by the superintendent, j
He has done his duty in making the calculation, 1
but it is the Senate which is responsible for the '
inordinate amount expended. The amount is in- |
creasing rapidly; and unless Senators will unite j
with the committee, it will become a burden upon j
the Government too great to be borne. I did not |
know that this work was to reach six volumes, j
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the number is five. I
Mr. FITZPATRICK. My estimate at. the time
was that it might perhaps reach three volumes. It
is shown, however, that there is a deficiency occa-
sioned by the action of the Senate; and we can-
not do otherwise than vote an appropriation, un-
less we agree to review our action and decline to
continue these publications, which have been
commenced. So far as I am concerned, I have
been willing at all times to do so; for I am free to
admit that the number of volumes is greater than
I anticipated, when the matter was under the
scrutiny of the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish the Senate to dis-
tinctly understand what the present condition
of Lieutenant Gilliss's work is. It would be idle,
I think, for us to refuse now to make the appro-
priation for the remainder of the work. The truth
is, that all the expense of any consequence has
already been incurred. Two volumes have been
published, and they include the narrative, all the
drawings, all the birds and snakes, and every-
thing of that kind which have been spoken of by
my friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown*.] What
remains to be published in the three other vol-
umes are really mere tables, the actual observa-
tions taken, the real result of the expedition, that
for which it was sent out. If, therefore, we
should stop the publication of the remaining vol-
umes, (and I do not know but that it is too late
to do it,) we should merely have published the
narrative, which of itself docs not amount to much,
according to my judgment, with the plates and
drawings; and we should not publish the real
results of the expedition—the things of all others
which ought to be published—the scientific results
for which the expedition was originally intended.
Besides, I think we ordered five thousand vol-
umes of the narrative, and only one thousand of
the remaining part.
Mr. HUNTER. And that is the useful part.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; we only ordered
one thousand of the useful part. We thought
one thousand volumes enough, because they are
merely designed to bo placed in the libraries of
the different States. Individuals would never
study them, except now and then a very scientific
man. If we were about to publish the narrative,
it was thought better, as we incurred the expense
of having fine plates, to have a reasonable num-
ber. We cut that, down from ten thousand, the
first proposition, to five thousand. I was opposed
to publishing anything of the kind from the begin-
ning, because I came to the conclusion that if we
Were to send out expeditions of this kind for spe-
cific purposes, it was only a useless expense to
allow every man to write a history, and every sci-
entific person attached to them to get up his own
particular system of observations, and have them
published at the expense of the Government,
rhis is what the Government has been in the
habit of doing. I shall be very glad to see the
practice discontinued hereafter; and if we do go
to the expense of these expeditions, let us con-
fine ourselves to the really valuable object of the
expedition, if any valuable object is to be accom-
plished.
There is another thin": which has very much
increased the expense. The committee did not
know, and could not ascertain what number of
volumes there would be. It was first stated that
there would be three, and that that number would
cover the whole. We predicated our decision on
the statement that there would be three volumes
of Cilliss's Report. With regard to the surveys
for a Pacific railroad route, it was understood,
from the best information we could get, that that
work would not extend beyond three volumes.
Now, I understand that the number is to be six.
"What number of volumes the results of the Japan
expedition may embrace, I do not know; prob-
ably the Superintendent of Public Printing can
inform us. I suppose there arc to be four or five
volumes.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I understand there are
to be four.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Another item of great
expense in these works is, the style in which they
are published. Instead of publishing them in
octavo form, it was decided—which is undoubt-
edly better—to publish them in quarto form. The
expense has been thereby much increased. The
binding, the paper, and all the other expenses are
greater in this form.
These things, taken altogether, have disap-
pointed the committee. It has been the object of
all of us on the committee in all cases, being new
members, who may be compared to a new broom,
to see if we could not reduce the cost of printing,
which was getting to be enormously large. We
began with small things, to ascertain whether we
could establish the principle. I may mention a
ciicumstance which will give the Senate an idea
of how difficult we found it. There was a prop-
osition before us some time ago which Senators
well remember. At the suggestion of some gen-
tlemen a call was made upon the State Depart-
ment for a book or a manuscript that was fur-
nished by Mr. Sanford while he was in Paris—
a book which he prepared of his own motion—an
account of the diiferent penal codes of Europe.
A call was made on the Department for that
book, and it was sent here. It was of no manner
of consequence for the performance of our duties,
and there was no reason why it should have been
printed at all.
Mr. BUTLER. Was it printed?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly. It was a book
which he had prepared of his own motion; a friend
of his in the Senate had it called for, and when
it was sent here he proposed that it should be
printed. The motion topiint was referred to the
Committee on Printing. We looked over the
manuscript and found that its publication would
cost only three hundred or four hundred dollars.
The motion was, I believe, to print one thousand
volumes. It would be of no use except for the
pleasure of the author, that he might have some
copies to distribute among his friends. We re-
ported against the printing, and had a contest in
the Senate in supporting our decision. Gentle-
men appealed to us; and it was suggested that
we were looking at exceedingly small matters,
because the expense would be only three or four
hundred dollars; and it was said we might as well
expend that small sum to print the book. But it
was the principle which we were attempting to
enforce—that gentlemen should not get up these
books and plans, send them to the Departments,
and then have a friend call for them and get them
printed at the expense of the government. We
succeeded; the Senate sustained us on a vote,and
I supposed the matter was ended; but while 1
j was at home during the recess, I received some
sixty or seventy volumes of that book. When
the motion to print it was adopted by the Senate
T do not know—I cannot tell anything about it-
It was done at some time without the knowledge
of the committee. The Senate once voted it down;
and I presume a motion to reconsider was made,
which was laid on the table and subsequently
taken up, and finally the book was printed; but
the first knowledge that the committee had of it
was when we received our sixty or seventy copies
of the book. I do not know how many were
printed, certainly more than was designed by the
original proposition
Now, if the Senate wish the Committee on Print-
ing to do its duty in reference to these matters,
and to look into them, they must exhibit some
disposition to support ns, and not say that we are
governed by notions of meanness when we come
forward with our reports to curtail these expenses.
For my part, I gave it up. After two or three ex-
periments 1 found it was no use to make the eifort.
It is certainly hard on us to have members of the
Senate callus to account for these expenses, when
i we are not sustained to a reasonable extent in en-
deavoring to diminish them. We believe we are
right with reference to propositions to print. The
reason why our reports are overruled is, that,
when a Senator has his favorite object to accom-
plish for the benefit or gratification of some friend,
he takes occasion to appeal to the good feeling,
of which there is always an abundance in the
Senate when they are disposing of the money of
the Government, and they sustain the movement
that is made.
Now, sir, with regard to this particular appro-
priation for these books, it is too late, in my
judgment, to complain. The greater part of tho
expense has already been incurred; and to refuse
the present, appropriation would be, in fart, merely
wasting money instead of saving it. We have
nothing to do but simply to pass it, and to look
out in future, if the Senate is disposed to do so,
in order to see that such abuses do not occur in
other transactions which are hereafter to come
before us.
