1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
TOY
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I think that
the Committee on Printing have a just cause to
complain of the Senate if they fail to sustain them
in their propositions for economy and reform;
for really it seems to me that they are loudly
demanded by the present condition of our appro-
priations for printing. I believe that enough
might be saved from what is wasted on the print-
ing of books, many of which are of little or no
■value, to keep afloat a steam sloop of war; and I
think that some mode ought to be devised, if
possible, by the Committee on Printing, to re-
strain it. For one, I pledge them my cooperation,
bo far as it may be worth anything to them, in
all the efforts which they may make to cut down
these useless expenditures. They have already
effected one reform in our rules which I think will
be salutary. I believe a rule has been introduced,
which requires them to report hereafter what will
be the probable expense of the public printing
which they recommend.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Does that include bind-
ing?
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know that it does;
but perhaps the rule ought to be extended so as
to include binding. I do not know that it in-
cludes engraving; perhaps the Senator from Maine
can tell me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was reported by the
chairman of the committee, and I have not ex-
amined it.
_ Mr. FFTZPATRICK. I was absent at the
time when the rule which has been alluded to
was adopted; but I suppose it would be a very
salutary provision to include binding, lithograph-
ing, and everything of the kind.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the rule ought to be
so amended as to include all these items, so that
the Senate may vote with their eyes open when
a proposition is made to print documents. In
addition to that, I would ask whether it would
not be practicable to restrict the number of
volumes in which books appear—whether they
could not be confined to a certain number of
volumes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been our effort to
confine the number as much as possible. I do
not know that it would be practicable to pass any
general rule, because the number of volumes must
depend on the nature of the work. Our study
has been, when we have examined these works,
to see how few volumes would answer our pur-
poses. The great expense of press-work, plates,
&c , is in the beginning, and any additional
volumes do not make so much difference, ordi-
narily; butl think the great difficulty is in printing
so many useless books—books which really ought
not to be published by Congress at all.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand, then, that the
committee does exercise some supervision over
the number of volumes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They endeavor to do so.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say a word in cor-
roboration of what has fallen from my colleague,
[Mr. Fessenden.] I served for years upon the
Committee 011 Printing; and I left it, as is well
known by many Senators, because there was a
disposition manifested too often upon the part of
the Senate not to sustain the action of that com- ]
mittee. The Senator from Alabama knows that
such was one of the reasons which I gave to the
committee. The error, if there be one—and I
think there is a very great one—which has grown
out of this enormous amount of printing, is an
error which has had its origin in the Senate, and
not with the Committee on Printing. As one
who has had much experience on that committee
I say this, because I think the present Committee
on Printing are entitled to be exculpated from all
blame. I never listen to an order introduced here
calling on a Department for a report made by
some officer in some expedition, but the idea
always passes across my mind that we are to
have another book printed for the gratification of
some navy or army otiicer orsome other employe
of the Government. When the Committee on
Printing have attempted to arrest this course, the
importunities of the personal friends of the par-
ties concerned, and of Senators who take an in-
terest in it, have almost uniformly triumphed over
thereportsof your committee. I rejoice that this
enormous sum is presented at this time, so that
we can see some of the results which our own
action has produced.
There is another error, and the greatest one I
think connected with this trouble, of which I
would speak. A report is made, like the Pacific
railroad report; an important one to a certain ex-
tent, I admit, but unimportant when it becomes
filled up with too many plates and too many pic-
tures, as I understand the remaining volumes are
to be filled to a very considerable degree. A reso-
lution is at once offered for its printing. The
work is incomplete; those engaged in it have not
even made their reports to the War Department, |
or the other Departments to which they are ap-
propriately made. A large number is ordered to
be printed by the Senate, without knowing when ;
it will finally be completed, of how many vol- !
umes the work will consist; nor is it within the !
power of the Superintendent of Public Printing
or of the Committee 011 Printing, to furnish any
evidence which will satisfy either them or the
Senate of how many volumes such a work will be
composed. Indeed it is like
<( Linked sweetness long drawn out."
Too often the officers themselves, learning that
every tiling—astronomical observations, and mat-
ters as useless and as foreign to our duties as any-
thing' earthly ran he, if included in a report, will
be printed—come to the conclusion that there is
more truth than poetry in the couplct of Byron:
" 'Tis pleasant, sure, to see one's name in print;
A book's a book, aitho" there's nothing in't.';
From the mere vanity of the thing, for we do
find 111 all these works too much matter which
has no reference to the subjcct reported upon,
these reports are lengthened out by the parties
who are interested in making them. I think the
Committee on Printing are to be exculpated en-
tirely, and I believe sincerely that it is with the
Senate that the error should rest. I hope that
this gross amount,thus presented, will lead here-
after to a correction of that evil in the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to state one other
fact. A mode in which a very considerable saving
might be made has been suggested by the Super-
intendent of the Public limiting, and it will com-
mend itself to the mind of almost every man. In
all the documents which we are obliged to print,
there is a great d<-nl of matter that can be well
dispensed with, b'or instance, we publish this
year four volumes of the President's message and j!
accompanying documents. If the Senate had j
waited for a short time, or had sent the work to ■
the committee to be examined, three volumes j
would have been sufficient instead of four; be- j
cause, if Senators will examine one of the vol-1
umes, they will find that a very large part of it i
consists merely of the different bids made for 1
jobs, and the different sums paid—tables which j
nobody looks at, and which are not of the slight- 1
est consequence m the world; y^t matter of that ,
kind occupies an octavo volume of five hundred
or six hundred pa*- s. So n is with all these .
lar^e documents which are printed. If they were !
first put into the hands of the committee to see j
what can be dispensed with, to extirpate matter !
which is perfectly useless to everybody, and j
which ought not to be printed, we might save, I j
think, a considerable portion of the moneys spent
for printing. I hope the Senate will, for the j
future, if they really feel disposed to economize, ;
submit documents to the committee before order-
ing the printing even of the ordinary number, in
order that the committee may see how much
ought to be printed and how little we can get
along with without injunng the value of the docu-
ments.
Mr. WELLER. I am directed by the select
committee, to whom was referred the subject of
the Pacific railroad, to move the following as an
amendment to the amendment which has been
offered by the Senator from Virginia:
To piovnje for the engraving of the maps accompanying
the repoits of the cxploiations and surveys to determine a
Pacific nnlroad loute, to be expended under the direction
of tile Secietary of War, .$4y,;20O.
This amendment is moved in pursuance of a
recommendation of the Secretary of War. I hold
m my hand his letter, and also the letter of the
topographical engineer who has charge of the
Pacific railroad surveys.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 would ask my friend from
California if this amendment is not contrary to
the law which has been passed upon this subject
of printing? That law requires all these subjects
to be managed by the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WELLER. I do not think that this neces-
sarily goes to the Committee on Printing, On
the 24th of February, 1855, we passed a resolu-
tion directing ten thousand copies of the reports
on the subject of a routs for the Pacific railroad
to be printed, together with the maps and plate#
which accompany those reports. Now t pro-
pose, by my amendment, to have those map#
engraved; and ill order to have them engraved
properly, this appropriation becomes necessary.
I think the Senate have already decided, by the
adoption, a year ago, of the resolution to which
I rcfar, that these maps should be published.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator misapprehend#
me. Ho proposes to have it done under the
direction of the Secretary of War, while the law-
requires that all such things shall be done undor
the supervision of the Committees on Printing of
the two Houses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is so, undoubtedly.
Mr. WELLER. I do not know why this should
necessarily go to the Superintendent of the Public
Printing. The same power which enacted th©
law referred to, can change it; aud if this con-
flicts with it, of course it will go to the Secretary
of War. I desire, if the appropriation should be
made, that this work shall be under the direction
of the Secretary of War—under that Department
of the Government which now has all these maps
and profiles prepared for engraving; and it was in
accordance with the recommendation of the Sec-
retary of War, and the head of the Topographical
Corps, as well in consequence of my own judg-
mentthat such was the proper course, that I have
proposed this change. I ask that the letter of the
Secretary of War may be now read.
The Secretary read as follows:
War Department,
Washington, March 21, 1856.
Sir: The maps exhibiting in detail the vanous i antes
explored hi and I£5-1, foi a Pacific raihoad, have been
prepap'd in this Depaitmenr, with elaborate care, Aom ma-
terial obtained at great expense, by long continued and
labouou.s ob-ervations and ^invcy.
It i< piobably imncccs&aiy for me to say that their accu-
racy, minuteness, and chaiacteib-tic representation of the
feature^ of the couiiuy Jjing between the Mississippi and
Pacific, upon which their value depends, should be pre-
setved i'i the piinted copies twenty thou-and of which
have been otdeicd byCongiess. This faithful transfer to
printed sheet.-, can only be stemcd by engravings on metal
(copperas tue cxk'ape>t) executed by the most skillful en-
gravei.s under the close nupoivwon of this Department,
i<umh.ir with topogiaphicai maps, and the process of en-
graving them. Congie<s recognizes this necessity yearly
in appropi rations for engiaving the maps of the survey of
the coast; and, m repeated instances, of the maps of sur-
veys and explorations made under this Department, (Topo-
graphical Bu! can,) and recently, m making an appiopriation
for engraving tile maps of the Mexican boundary survey.
An appropnation lor tins pu po^e,to he expended under
the direction of the i>ep,utmo'it, would enable it to make
airangements fur the immediate engraving of the maps m a
creditable mannci m the shortest ume piacticable. Ac-
companying the^c maps are some panoiamsc views, the
u«e of which wiil be lost unie&s cngiaved on merai.
I inclose a cony of an estimate of the cost of making the
it-quired engravings.
Veiy lospectfully, vour obedient servant.
JEFFERSON DAVIS, Secretary of War*
Hon. John 15. W>:li,er, United States Senate,
Chairman Select Committee, <$"c.
War Department, Office Pacific R. R. Ex. &. S.
Washington, March 11, 1856.
Sir- The following estimate has been made of the cost
of engraving on copper, in the best style of art, the maps
accompanying the report of explorations and surveys to
determine a Pacific railroad loute:
For the (3) three maps of the route near the 47th par-
allel  $1,000
For the (o) eight map-, of the routes near the 41st
and 36th paialiel  13,000
Foi the (2^ two maps> (gcneial) of the loute near
the 3.jth parallel  5,000
For the maps ol the 32d parallel. Pope(I) one
map with additions trom expedition*, of lbo5 and
lb.;6   1,500
Paike's (2)) two maps of the leconnotssance of
!So4 and lSoo. one of winch is to be substituted
for the map of lbC4.      5,000
For the map-, connected with ail the routes :
Lieutenant Williamson'* (5) five maps, 1853-54... 6,000
Do. do. (*2) two do. 185a...... 3,000
Total for map* £35,500
For the (5) five panoramic views of the 41et par-
allel   $2,500
Total $38,000
In addition to the above, which unless engraved on cop-
per will lose much of their value, there are other drawings
wmch it is very desirable to have engraved m the same
manner. The most important of these are :
The geological map? and sections cost   .$1,500
Ten of the mobt important and elaborate views,
selected from those of all the partte*  2,000
