THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1856.
New Series....No. 5.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, August 28, 1836.
The House met at ten o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the standing committees of the House.
BRITISH SHIP RESOLUTE.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Speaker, there is upon
the Speaker's table a resolution from the Senate
authorizing the restoration to the British service
of the ship Resolute, which was lost in the Arctic
seas while searching for the survivors of Sir John
Franklin's party, recovered and brought home
by some of our own people. I notice that the
English papers are complimenting us for our lib-
erality; and I hope, therefore, that there will be
lio objection to what X now propose, and that is,
that the resolution be taken up and put on its
passage. The House is thin; and it may be well
that we should act on this before going into the
important question befoie the House.
Several Members. What is the title of the res-
olution ?
Mr. CLTNGMAN. It is a resolution cf the
Senate (No. 22) authorizing the purchase and
restoration to the ijntish Government of the
ship Resolute, late of the British Navy.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I
will not interpose any objection to taking up the
resolution and putting it on its passage; yet I
must say that 1 cannot vote for it, for the reason
that I n"m not sa-isficd we have any power to
purchase ships to g've them away.
The joint resolution was taken up, and re-
ceived its several readings.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was passed.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider tlie
vote by which the resolution was passed; and
also n^oved that the motion to reconsider be laid
uoon the ta.ble.
'The latter motign was agreed to.
INDIAN TREATIES.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, if there be no
objection, I mo\e that the House take up and
pass the appropnation bill from the Senate, in
order that the provisions ot a recent treaty with
certain Indian tribes may be eat i led into effect,
it is important that the bill should be passed at
t!ji.3 time, for 011 its passage depends the removal
of certain Indians fi om the State of Florida. The
bill is in ptnet conformity with a treaty which
has been lately ratified, and is now the law of
tin- land. 1 trust there will be 110 objection to
what 1 propose.
Mr. MATTESON. I object to e\erytning
except the Army appropiiation bill.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
the committee'of conference on the disagreeing
voles of the two Houses on the Army appropri-
ation bill have met, and. after full and ^free con-
ference, have been unable to agree. The diffi-
culty, 03 is well known, crows out of the rondi-
tion'of affairs 11) Kansas Territory. The House
has lnaI'fotore adhered to its proviso, that 110
portion of 1 be iiioni v 10 be a ppropi lateel by tile
bill shall be used for tie' ee.fuieement of die enact-
ment of the bodies whieli claimed to he the
Legislative Assembly ol Kansas. 1 he Senate
have thus far declined to yield anything 011 this
point, 111 connection with tlusbili. 1 am fully
satisfied that the two Houses will not be able to
ngree to any proposition attached to this Army
bill which will tend to free the Territory of
Kansas from the difficulties which now afflict its
people.
It would not be profitable — perhaps it would
not be proper, to go into any details of the cir-
cumstances connected with the conference of last
evening. I have only to say for myself, that I
entered into it full of hope that something might
be yielded by both sides which would bring the
two Houses together, enable us to pass the bill,
and return to our homes. I left the conference
satisfied that such hope was vain. I submitted to
the conferees for consideration this naked propo-
sition:
Prot Lied* however. That 110 part of the military force
of the [Jmtt'fi State*, for the suppoit of winch approba-
tions are made !>y tins act, shall tie employed in aid of the
enforcement of any enactment of tile bodied claiming to be
the Teiritonal Le gi-tatiii 0 of Kansas "
It will be seen that the subsequent portion of
the proviso adopted, insisted upon, and finally
adhered to, by the House, requiring the President
to exercise jurisdiction over the national high-
ways, was omitted. I was willing to yield that
much to what seemed to be the scruples of Sen-
ators in regard to the constitutionality of that
clause, believing the naked proviso would he all-
sufficient. The committee on the part of the jj
Senate refused to yield even that much. Of course ;;
it then became unnecessary1 to proceed further to jj
consider the merits of other propositions which I I'
desired to submit, which, to some extent, pro- j!
posed independent legislation in reference to the j'
Kansas difficulties. The conference, let me say j!
to the House, failed to agree, because the com- j,
mittee on the part of the Senate declined to yield I
to the simple proposition, that 110 part of the Army jj
should be used to enforce those enactments which b
it has been clearly proven, by a commission ofj
this House, to the satisfaction, I believe, of-all jj
members, are founded in fraud, and therefore j
ought to be held us null and voi'd. j!
The difficulty presented on the pait of the Sen- j
ate is, that it is carrying into an appropriation 1
billforthe support of the Army independent Ie<iis-
lation. Without going into an argument nnon
that subject, I would barely say that it strikes
me as somewhat remarkable that objections ot :
that character should come from that body. The
other appropriation bills were sent from the |
House to the Senate, free from everything^ like j
independent legislation, and yet, sir. not a single
bill came back to us, I believe, without having :
ingrafted upon it, by the Senate, measures of in- j
dependent legislation, and which were, not re-
quired to carry out any existing law. As an in- :
stance I will simply refer to the Post Ofiice ap- ;
propnation bill. This House passed that bill ;
upon the estimates of thS Postmaster General, 1
confining appropriations strictly to existing laws, j
There was nothing more embraced m its profus-
ions, yet that bill came back load'd with inde-
pendent legislation, even to the extent oi nrovid-
'• mg for a new contract for carrying the mad i r eo
the Mississippi river to San l-'raiseiseo, at an ck-
' ponse of «,5UU,U00 per annum, and of giving to
' the mail carriers the mjlit ot pieemption to one ,
; hundred and sixty acres of land at stations every
1 ten miles on the entire route! Yet, sir, 111 the ,
■ face of facts such as this, the Senate now be-
' comes fastidious about legi slat nig mi an appro-
priation bill, and tells tins blouse that ;t has oeen
fuiltv of a great wrong siinnly m pioi'i>*uj", as
= " " ' ' Pn,.t.o,rt,.ll,
rs, d tor the
it body itself
j la ted the conflicts between the two Houses on
I these bills, and therefore I cannot answer the
j gentleman.
j Mr. COBB. I have understood tKat such is
j the fact.
j Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Alabama
■ is right.
! Mr. CAMPBELL. I am only speaking of the
j example the Senate has given us in reference to
j acts of independentlegislation ingrafted upon our
! bills appropriating money to carry out existing
! laws. They have sent back our bills with gen-
I eral legislation attached, and asked us to pass them
j with these amendments. And now, sir, because
! the House insists on this proviso, which is not
j general legislation, and simply restricts the use of
| the Army in the enforcement of laws which we
1 believe are invalid, we are charged with a dispo-
! sition to put an end to the Government.
i For one, Mr. Speaker, I never will yield the
j point of non-acquiescence in the validity of those
I laws in the face of the record which has been
preented to us. I am willing to go within the
bounds of justice and right as far as the furthest
for the sake of concord, peace, harmony, and
' good feeling between the difforentsectionsof this
country; but, sir, I should be false to myself, false
to my constituents, and, I believe, false to my
God, were I, entertaining the views I have, in
any way, directly or indirectly, to indorse the
enactments of the pretended Legislature of
Kansas.
I know, sir, the members of this body are
anxious to return to their homes, and none more
so than I am, yet as long as there is a hope of
bringing the two Houses to an agreement I am
willing to remain here. That there is a hope,
through some commnteo of conference on the
part of both Houses, which shall have jurisdic-
tion over all these subjects, I do believe; and be-
lieving that, and believing that an adjournment
of this' body without giving some remedy for the
groat trouhb s which prevail m the Territory of
Kansas, would producc the most disastrous re-
suits upon the true interests of the whole country,
I shall remain here ready to act in the discharge
of my representative duties. I will oppose every
motion to adjourn until the work for which we
were sent hero is fully accomplished.
I now move that this House do further adhere
to its disagreement to the amendment of the
Senate; and unon that motion I demand the pre-
vious question. [Cries of t! No 1" " No 1"]
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw his motion for a moment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will, retaining the floor
111 the mean time.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I wish to know
whether the gentleman from Ohio has the right
to yield the lloor to the gentleman from Georgia,
and still retain possesion of 1: '
Tee SPEAKER. It can only be done by the
evneral con-em of the House.
° Mr. H MARSHALL. 1 object.
Mr. CAM!" BELL. 1 will withdraw the demand
for the previous ciuestion, retaining the floor
simply t'i-say, that I discover a disposition upon
the part of gentlemen  ^
The SPEAEvER. The gentleman from Ohio
: v.-;ii suspend foi a moment, /filere is at pretent
b< fore the [louse. The
no ouesnon
I hele
and
ail appendage to the At my a]
that the Federal troops shall no
purpose of execution nurr win'
has proposed to repeal, and wb
now, or soon will be, prepared to de
by a separate and independent bill.
'Mr. CO BP. of A1 tbania. I wjnt a little inform-
ation from the gentleman from Oiuo.^ Is 1; not
a fact, that 111 every case 111 winch the Senate have
attached to an appropriation bill distinct legisla-
tion, and the House have insisted that tliev should
it off, at the hazard of a det-i.t o! the bill,
taite
: of confer- . 111
the Senate have agreed, in committee
ence, to take it off: i |
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have not'been upon toe ■
vaiious conference committees which have regu- t
gentleman
from Ohio is speaking as chairman of the com-
mittee of conference, and in the nature of a report.
The jrentleinan from Georgia [Air. Stephens] is
entitled to submit a report from the same corn-
rnittee, if lie desires to do so.
Mr. CAAU'CELL. I propose to arrange this
matter. 1 think I observe a disposition to discuss
the merits of the motion 1 have submitted, that
tjie House fuithei adhere. I certainly do not
wish to muzzle any member. On the cruituery, I
do not know but some good may result from a
discussion of the matter; and I am perfectly will-
to onen the door to discussion: and therefore,
open the door to discussion: and there
ill order that gentlemen may have a full swing at
this matter, f withdraw the demand lor the pre-
vious question.
