68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 29,
Kelsey, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Lake,
Inciter, Letcher, Lumpkm, Mace, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maltese^ McMullin, Me&ueen, ICil-
hnn ItfilJer, Smith Miller, xMilihon, Mornl), Mott, Muriay,
NortaH, Andrew Olivei, Moidecai Oiiver, Packer, Parker,
Pock, Pettit, PhHps, Pike, Powell, J n Quitman, Ri-
cami, Rivers, Roobinrf, Robeits; Iluflin, Sabm, Sage, San-
didge, Sapp, Scoit, Shorter, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stew-
art, Stranaliau, Talbott, Taylor, Tliuiston, TodJ, Trafton,
Underwood, Vail, Wade, Wakeman, Walbiidge, Walker,
Warner, Cadwalader C. Wihhbume, Well-3, Wheeler,
Whitney, Williams, Wmelow, Woodruff*, Woodworth,
Samel B. Wright, John V. Wiight, and Zollicoffer—147.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Pending the call of the roil,
Mr. McMULLIN stated that Mr. Elliott had
left the Hall on account of indispositiofi.
Mr. GUJITMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take a reenss until three
o'clock.
Mr. WALKER. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I hope we shall
not adjourn until we ascertain whether the Seriate
will agree to our proposition to adjourn sine die at
three o'clock to-day.
Mr. COBB asked the yeas and nays on the
motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. Q.UtTMA-N withd row the motion.
Mr. COBB asked unanimous consent to take a
recess until half past two o'clock.
Mr. WALKER objected.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
House adjourn.
Mr. KUNKEL demanded the yeas nnd nays.
The yeas nnd nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL withdrew the motion.
And then, on motion of Mr. Cobb, by unani-
mous consent, (at twenty-two minutes past one
o'clock.) the House took a recces until half past
two o'clock, p. m.
The House again reassembled at lmlf past two
o'clock.
Mr. WALKER moved that there be a call of
the flouse.
Mr. "WHEELER moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. BARCLAY moved that when the House
adjourns if. adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. STEPHENS demanded the yeas and nays
upon the latter motion.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas ^27, nays 154, as follows:
YUAS — iMt'^srs. Barelav, Billmshurst, Behop, Bliss,
Clark, Coltax, Iletnv Wjniei Davi^, De Wut, Duilee,
Ktlie, Emrie, Flagler, Uiinv, Ilowaul, Lake, Aicx.indei K.
Marshall, Humphry Mai-hall, IViton, Pomnmrton, Uifelne,
Na\M«je, Spinner, Stanton, Thonn^ton, Waldion, Ellihu
B. \\ ashlnnue, and Wood—T/.
n-ws — mr'-^s. aik( n, Akcis Alhujit, \uu-on, Hall,
Bnihour, Bailwlale, llcmy Benneit, llondiey s, ih-iinett,
Benson, bumluuu, Boeork, Bojrt-, Biaai'h, Bienloii, bui'
finton, Burnett, Cadwaladei, Jatm s 11. campbell, .iolm l\
Campbell, lewi* i). <'ampbHI, Ca-iki<>, Chafl'"o. cl.iw-on,
Clmgman. llowll Cobb, VViluam on h w. Cobb, Comm-.,
Covode, cox, Cia<;m, Ciai\re.CrawlouL CuHen, Cuinh.m'k,
Damn1!!, DavuKun, Tmiotln du\i , l)( an, Donv< i, l)u k,
Dickson, Doriri, Dowdrtl, Dunn. r.ihiminkon, ldwanu,
Ktheudgo, mvans Faulkuei, plon-nre, Thomas j. j), Fill
lei. Callowav, cuiomgs Coode, ci.umer, Cieonwood,
ll.jtlau, J. mmu-nu dams, San>j.-,on w. Ilaut-, Thomas
l. han is, {lam.-on, Hickman, llotfmau, Hollowav,
Thomas it. Iloiton, Uiurh-ton, Jeweft, ceoi^e w. .{one-,
j Clanev junes K"My. k> i^>\\, Knapp, Kiuudil, Kmuvlton,
Kim v, kutik- j, li'.'i, Lumpicm, Alaee, Samuel
s. Mai^liall, maile^xi, Ma.wvell, 'vh'cairv. MfMullm,
mcciuoen, killi.iii Aiiliti, binnii sfjiI m, milken, Morgan.
jVIumiII, Mott, Muinty, not n in, Audi e\v ()h v<-r.
On\er. Taekei, Paikct, Peck, J'elui. f'hijp^, l'ik *. Ponoi,
Poweil. Piingle. Uuirman, Uie.md, 1U\<*r~5, Rohimi-, Uoh-
KuHin, Kuct, .^.tbin, fa;'..', Saridnlgc. Sapj>. i'eott,
fcJovvaid, Sherman, Siminmh. Samuel A ritihih, William
Nimtlj, YViiiiiim 31. Stmili, Sieph'-n^, Stewau,
Stianaii;vn, Talbott, T-ippa:.'. Taylor, 'i'lim-toii, Todd,
Tiau-m, Ty-^on, Uiulei\\ood, \aj. Wade, Wakeman,
Waiburlse, Walker, Wainei, Cadwalader C. Wa^hhmne,
Xferat 1 W{^li!> iin, Wc'tli, W? ii-, Wlnfne\, Williams,
Window, Woodiuff, Woodwortii, Daniel li. Wnglit, John
V. Wiigbt, and /olheofter—J 51
So the House refused to adjourn over until
Moe.day.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CARCILK stated, t!i?t if hod been
within the bar w!>en hi<4 name was ca'Ied, he
should have vovpu "no."
Mr. vVALKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Hou.se refused to adjourn until
Monday next, and on that motion demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order to move that
there be a call of the House ?
The SPEAKER.« Tha^ motion is already
pending; but there are two motions which take
preeedcnce.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman from Alabama will withdraw his motion,
and allow me to have taken up a bill which, I
suppose, the House may pass in half an hour.
I mean the bill reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means for revising the tariff. [Laugh-
tcr.]
j\Jr. ORR. 1 rise to a question of order. I
submit that the motion to reconsider is not in
order,'for the reason, that the motion to adjourn
over may be repeated as often as any member
may choose to repeat it.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn over
having been this moment negatived, it is not
competent for the gentleman from Alabama to
renew the motion. The Chair, therefore, decides
that the motion to reconsider is in order.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Albiisfht, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bishop, Bocoek, Boyee, J3iad haw, Bianch,
Brenton, Bioom, Buifinton, James If. Camp,bell, Caihlc,
Caskie, Chaftee, Clawson, IJowell Cobb, Williamson R.
\V. Cobb, Comins, Covodc, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Ciuu-
baek, Damrell, DavuUon, Timothy Davis, Dean, Denver,
Dodd, r'.dumnd-on, Edwaids, Etheiidge, Faulkner, Fior-
enee, Thomas J. D Fullri, Calloway, Goode, Gmnger,
<?i' enwood, [[ailari, Samp-oti W. II,'u u^, llurre-on. Haven,
lliekman. llotlm.ui, Thomas U. lloiton, Houston, Ilowaul,
Ungli^toi , Jcwett, Geoigi; W. Jones, J. Clancy Jones,
Kelly, lvehej, Kniijhl, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkfl, "Leuer,
liCteiier. Lumpkin. Alaee, Mattc^on, Maxwell, MeCany,
iMeMitlltn, .Me(iuoen, Kilhan Miller, Smith Miller.Million,
Mdlwatd, Monill, Mott, Andiew Oliver, Moidecai Oliver,
On, }><u-kei. Park<-r, Peelv, Pelton, Powell, Umtman,
Pieaud, Jtohbiu^, Koberp, UufTm, Ru^-t, Sage, i^app, Seoit,
Shesman, Samuel A. Simtli, Stewart, Stra'nahan, 'J'albott,
Tapfian, 'i'aN lor, Thurston, Todd, Vail, Wade, V^akoman,
Inael Wa^hlmin, Welch, Whitney, Williams, Win<low,
Wooduo-th, Daniel B. Wught, John V. Wn<dit, and Zol-
heotVei— I l-i.
NAVa — Mes^q. Akeis., Allis-on, Barclay, Ilendlcy S.
Bennett, BilhnRliursi, Bliss, Cadwalader, John P. Camp-
bell, Lewis 1). Campbell, Ezra Claru, Colfax, Craspn, I)e
Wni, Diek, Dickson, Dunn, Dtirfee, Edie, Emnej Flagler,
Grow ,Thomas L. Dam--, Uolloway, Knapp, Lake, .Moiyan,
Norton, l'ennington, Pettit, Phelps, Poitei, Pimgle, Uilehie,
Sabm, Sava«e, Seward, Simmons, William R. Smith. Spm-
uei, Thoiington, Tyson, W.iklton, Walker, and ElUhu B.
Waxlihurne—41.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The question then recurred upon the motion
that the I louse adjourn.
Mr. (Hill. I understand that the Senate have
c;one into executive session. I hope the House
will adjourn.
The motion v/asagreed to; and thereupon, (at
ten minutes past three o'e.loek,) the House ad-
journed until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
Ii\T SENATE.
Friday, jlu^ust ^9, 18561
Prayer by Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Joui nal ofyexterday was read andapproved.
AIIMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDENT pi o trmpofc. The question
hefou- tiie Senate \s th"> motion of the Senator
fiorn Virguna, [Mr. Hrvrnn,] that the Senate
adhere to their amendment to the bill (li. B. No.
makm; appropriations for the support of
the -limy for the year ending the .10tit of June',
irf57,on winch the Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
Bcu,] is entiiled to tin* iloor.
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator irom Tennessee, that he can deliver his
remarks on the resolution of the Senator from
Delawaie, [Mr. Oi.a\to\,] upon which other
gentienicn h^ve Ixni dehveriufi their views, and
aliov us to send tin-! bill to the'IIousu. We are
veiy anKiaus to c;ft it to the House to-day.
Mr. 1>ELL, of Tennessee. I understand that
the re--.')!uuon of the Senator ftom Delaware has
been disposed of; but I do not wish io interpose
to obstruct trie wishes of a majority of the Senate.
I desire to suggest, however, to the honorable
Senator from Virginia, and to the Senate gener-
ally, that I do not see that there is any particular
use in taking the question immediately on adher-
ence, or any demand upon us, in the ordinary
course of proceeding, to come to a vote upon it
at once. You will excuse me,therefore, forafew
words. If I am wrong, I shall submit with the
greatest cheerfulness to the suggestions of those
who have considered the subject better. There
is no danger that the bill can become a law by
any omission of the Senate to come to a vote of
adherence. It seems to me that is not the usual
mode in which one branch of two correlative
members of a Legislature expects to secure a con-
currence in its sentiments from the other branch.
If, however, there is any expectation that the
Senate, by taking a vote now, which will sig-
nify its determination, may hasten the favorable
action of the other House on that subject, 1 shall
submit.
Mr. HUNTER. My impression is, that it
will hasten the sending of a new bill to the Sen-
ate. I think the Senate ought now to adhere, to
show its opinion, so that the House may act
with a knowledge of its opinion in relation to
these provisoes.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I suggest that the
Senate has it still in Us power to insist, and ask
for another conference; and even after an adher-
ence a conference may be asked, according to
many precedents ..in parliamentary usage, not
only in England, but I think in this country also.
Mr. HUNTER. Our joint rule- differs from
the parliamentary law in that respect. The Sen-
ator is undoubtedly right as to the parliamentary
law, but, according to our joint rule, a bill is
dead when each House has adhered. Yon can-
not uslc for a conference after both Houses have
adhered.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Suppose the Senate
should find that, by reviving this bill at the
piesent session, there would be a prospect of the
House concurring in it without the proviso,
should we not by an adherence now lose that
proviso ? I am not so familiar now as I was at
one time with the rules of proceeding of the two
Houses; bat it seems to me that, after the two
Houses have acted upon any measure, whether
of greater or less importance, and after confer-
ences—the usual course of parliamentary pro-
! ceeding in order to secure a concurrence of opin-
ion—each House adheres, the bill is lost, and
. then there is another paihamentary law which
i may be interposed, that you cannot levive the
same bill during the session. I should like to
hear what the Senator from Virginia has to say
I on that point.
[ Mr. HUNTER. I will say to the Senate that
| the House of Representatives will find no such
1 difficulty,for a very slight alteration in the bill—
! a mere change of the sum appropriated—would
; make it a new bill. 1 have no doubt another bill
| wiIIJju lntioduced thete as soon as we have aeted
j upon tins; but until we have acted on this, they
| may not do so. Some may suppose that we may
; give way. They want to know our dctermina-
i tton in regard to this bill before they net. It
i seems to me, under the circumstances, there can
i>& but one determination, that of adhering. I
think we had better adhere at once, and let the
House know our determination, so that they may
introduce a new bill, or take such other action as
they may think proper. I do not mean to inter-
fere with the remarks of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, because they ean come in upon the reso-
lution of the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I wish to make
one further inquiry of my friend from Virginia.
My fueitd from Louisiana the other day sug-
gested an eMvdient, which f thought was a new
move in pculianvntary tactics, to take the ques-
tion, and then debate it afterwards. His sug-
gestion was acceded to. Now I understand that
the motion of my friend from Delaware has been
disposed of.
Mi. IIUNTER. I believe it is still up.
 Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It has been laid
upon the tah!^.
Mr. HUNTER. We can take it up.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The bill of the dis-
tinguished Senator fiom Kentucky [Mr. Crit-
t£ndj£\] has not been taken up for consideration.
I wish to say how, that when I rose yesterday,
it was with no view of making what is. called, in
the Senate, a speech, though sometimes I fall
into the habit of making a speech when I do not
