i486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the gentle-
pian will withhold his motion for a moment. _
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well. State what
you want.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have already given
notice twice of an intention to take up the report
of the special committee in reference to the as-
sault on Senator Scmner. I have been informed
to-day that one of the members implicated by the
report, presuming the matter would be disposed
Of at an earlier period, has made an engagement
to deliver an address week after next at some
point in Virginia, and the committee has been
compelled to make another change. We think
that we cannot consider it next week without
interfering with the territorial business. The
week following will embrace the 4th of July, and
there will be an adjournment over for a day or
two.
After conference with my associates on the
committee, we have thought itproper, under these
circumstances, feeling that it is just that the par-
ties implicated should have an opportunity to be
present during the discussion, to assign next
Tuesday two weeks as the day for taking that
report up.
Mr. COMINS. 1 hope the gentleman from
Ohio will not find it necessary to further postpone
the consideration of the report of the committee
in the matter of the assault of the gentleman from
South Carolina upon Senator Sumner. I think
it is due to justice, and to the gentleman from
South Carolina, and other gentlemen involved,
that the subject should be considered at the ear-
liest possible time. I regret, exceedingly, that
any circumstance should make it necessary to
postpone to a day so late as the one named.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am willing to take it up
at any time; but 1 think it improper to take it up
for consideration in the absence of any of the
parties implicated. I wish to consult the temper
of the House.
Mr. MATTESON. Next weekthe House will
be full: gentlemen who have been absent for a
long time will have returned; and I ask whether
the question had not better be considered then ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The report and testimony
havenotbeen printed. I, as chairman of the special
committee, will not assume the responsibility of I
.risking' the consideration of so important a sub- j
ject until the report and testimony shall have
been laid on the desks of members time enough
to enable them to examine them fully.
Mr. MATTESON. 1 was not aware that the
report and testimony were not printed. 1 under-
stood Unit tliey were presented, and ordered to
be printed three weeks ago.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 am as anxious as the
gentleman from New York can be to get the
matter out of the way, so that we may proceed
with the regular business of the session.
Mr. MATTESON obtained the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I shall be compelled to ob-
ject to debate. I relinquished the floor merely
for the purpose of letting the gentleman from
Ohio make a statement to the House. There is
no question before the House; and there is noth-
ing which will prevent the execution of the con-
clusion to which the committee has arrived.
Mr. COMINS. I am still of the opinion the
question is one of too much importance to be
postponed for a single da)'; but fully appreciating
the motives of the gentleman from Ohio, and
knowing his desire to show the utmost courtesy
to the parties involved, I shall not further object
to the time asked.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My only purpose is to
give notice, for the information of members gen-
erUljr, those absent as well as those present, that
next Tuesday two weeks the report of the special
committee will be taken up for consideration; and
that its consideration will be insisted on from day
to day until it is disposed of.
mail contractors.
The SPEAKER, laid before the House a com-
munication fiom the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting, m compliance with law, a report of the
fines imposed on mail contractors, deductions
irom their nay. remission of 1W*
4 wuiia^iuxis, ueuueuons
from their pay, remission of fines, suspension of
for the year ending 30th of June, 1855;
i/as bun nn tnr  toKln ■  . >
pay, U.t)uu ciiuing^utaot June, 1855;
which was laid on the table, and ordered, to be
printed.
Mr. FLORENCE renewed his motion to ad
journ; which was agreed to. Thereupon the
House (athalf-pastfouro'clock, p. m.) adjourned
until Monday, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 23,1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. He&ry C. Dean.
The Journal of Thu rsday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky* presented
papers in support of the claim of George W*.
New, a revolutionary pensioner, for an increase
of pension; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of the
administrator of Francis Hutinack, deceased,
praying that certain arrearages of pension, due
the deceased, may be paid to his surviving chil-
dren; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Sally
Keyes, widow of Ephraim Keyes, a revolution-
ary soldier, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Also, a petition of citizens of Shrewsbury,
Massachusetts, praying that the present postal
system of the United States may be remodeled;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, praying for the adoption of measures
for the construction of a radroad to the Pacific
ocean; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
inhabitants of Dubuque, Iowa, praying for a grant
of lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
through MinnesQta Territory; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SLIDELL presented a resolution of the
Chamber of Commerce of New Oj loans, in favor
of the purchase, by the United States, of the
patent right ot B. P. Sands, for an invention for
taking deep-sea soundings; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DIIOWN presented a petition of citizens 1
of Washington, District of Columbia, praying
that the pay of the musicians in the marine band J
at Washington may be increased; wlucli was j
referred to the Committee on the District off
Columbia. j
Mr. FOSTER presented a petition of citizens J
of New Britain, Connecticut, praying that pro- j
Aision may be made for paying out of the pro- !
ceeds of the sales of the public lands the value !
of all slaves that any State may, by act of the !
Legislature thereof, emancipate; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. IVEFJ30N presented the memorial of
Harriet 0. Read, executrix of Colonel A. C. W.
Fanning, deceased, late an officer in the Army,
praying to be allowed a commission on his dis-
bursements of the public money; which was re-
ferred to the Commitlee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, I beg leave to present
to the Senate the petition of William B. Whiting,
a lieutenant in the Navy of the United States,
complaining that he has suffered great wrong |
and injury from the proceedings of the late naval
board, having been, in consequence of it, displaced
from his position in the Navy, and retired from
the service. This is aJate period for him to pre-
sent his petition, and I have only a word to say
in explanation of that delay, lie has just re-
turned from China, and avails himself of the ear-
liest opportunity he has had I move that his
petition be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GEYER. I present the memorial of five
hundred and sixty-two of the principal citizens
of St. Louis, praying Congress to take measures
for the improvement of the niivigation of the Mis-
sissippi river. As it is short, I ask to have it
read and laid on the table, as the subject is before
the Senate.
The Secretary read, as follows:
To the Senate and Home of Representative? of the United
Stales of Jlmerica, m Congress assembled.
The memorial of the undersigned, citizens of St. Louis,
rcspecUully represents:
That the dangerous obstructions to navigation in the
Mississippi river and its tributaries, consisting of snags,
slumps, rocks, and the wrecks of sunken boats, call for the
action of the Federal Government under whose jurisdiction,
ds public highways, these rivers are.
The regulation of commerce is one of the rights of the
Federal Government, surrendered to it by the States in the
Constitution and there is a corresponding duty, on the part
of that Government, to exercise this right in the protection
of our domestic commerce.
The commerce on the Mississippi river and its tributai ies
is estimated, in the documents accompanying the report of
the Secretary of War, at #1,000,000,000 in annual value.
The destruction of property from the causes mentioned is
estimated at §3,000,000 per annum. On the Mississippi
alone, from the mouth of the Missouri to New Orleans, the
losses for the last year were $2,000,000. These losses can
be prevented by proper efforts to improve navigation.
The country directly interested m this navigation con-
tributes hugely to the receipts of the United States Treas-
ury. Immense quantities of imported goods, which pay
duties on the sea-board, are consumed in the interior. But
at our own poit of St. Louis, money enough is paid to the
United States to constitute an ample fund for the improve-
ments prayed for.
These rivers are the highways for the commerce of four-
teen States and three organized Territories of the Union.
They are as national in value and importance as any rivers
can be. Under the circumstances it is our right and "duty to
ask that the evils complained of be remedied by proper ap-
propriations from the Federal Treasury.
Heretofore, the Government, by its own officers, has
operated occasionally for a season or two, then sold the
snag boats and other property at a great sacrifice, and aban-
doned our commerce to dangers which it alone is authorized
to remove. Hereafter, wo hope to see the improvement of
the navigation of our principal rivers prosecuted with more
vigor and under a bettei system.
And, as m duty bound, your petitioners will ever pray.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
NATHAN M. LOUNS33URY.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I present the pe-
tition of Nathan M. Lounsbury, a citizen of the
county of Rutland, Vermont, praying that he
may be allowed the arrears of pension from the
18th of March, 1818, to the 4th of February,
182G, on account of his services as a soldier m
the American army during the revolutionary
war.
On presenting this petition I beg leave to state,
that I have known the petitioner for the last
twenty-five years—that he is, in some respects,
a remarkable pcrs.on, and has an interesting and
somewhat remarkable history. In the month of
September last he attained the age of one hun-
dred years, with so much of physical strength
and vigor remaining as to enable him to walk
from his humble dwelling, a distance of three
miles, into town, to receive the semi-annual pay-
ment of his pension, and to return on the same
day. His signature to this petition was written
with his own hand, on Tuesday last, the 17th
instant, being just eighty years fiom the day on
which an elder brother fell at the battle of Bunker
Hill. I will also state the fact, that this peti-
tioner was one of seven sons, all of whom, to-
gether with their father, joined the standard of
the revolutionary army. One of the brothers, as
I have already suggested, died in gallant service
at the battle of Bunker Hill; another died a pris-
oner of war in the hands of the enemy; and a
third one died at Ncwburg, in the State of New
York, in consequence of wounds received by him
at the siege of Yorktown, while standing by the
side of this petitioner, who was himself a witness
of the surrender of Cornwallis. He was also in
the army under the command of Benedict Arnold
; at the time of his attempted treason; and when
Major Andre was brought into the American
camp, this petitioner constituted one of the guard
which was placed over that unfortunate officer.
lie made application for a pension under the
act of the 18th of March, 1818, shortly after ita
passage; but in consequence of delays growing
out of the difficulty of procuring the necessary
evidence of his services, he did not succeed in
completing his testimony in accordance with the
rigid requirements of the Pension Office until the
4th of February, 1826, when his name was placed
on the roll of revolutionary pensioners. The
Department could not allow him a pension to
take effect back at that date, as the act itself re-
quired that the pension should commence only
from the date of the completion of the evidence.
This, sir, is the concise and simple story of
this case. There is at this day no living witness
of his services; but the evidence of his services
upon which his pension was granted is now on
file in the Pension OfRce. I hardly need to say,
sir, that this petitioner, now standing within the
threshold of his second century, is, and for many
years has been, the only survivor of that patriotic
