tio
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
that it should be left as it is now; yet if the Sen-
ate are to adopt the amendment of the Senator
from California it would be much better, and it
would save expense, to amend it as I suggested,
so as to provide that the plates shall be handed
over to the printer to do the printing. It does not
interfere with the Senator's original proposition.
Mr. WELLER. My opinion is, that the plates
will be handed over at any rate—that, after the
tnaps are engraved, the plates will be handed over
to the printer in order to print the books. We
have a public printer, and I take it for granted
that he would do the work whether this amend-
ment be agreed to or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be so; but at any
rate this would do no harm in providing for it.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
California refuse to accept the amendment?
Mr. WELLER. I understand the Senator
from Maine to be opposed to my proposition
thimighout. As a matter of course, therefore, I
cannot accept his amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not anxious to
pledge myself to vote one way or the other in
regard to it; it is of no consequence to me.
Mr. HUNTER. I am not sure that I answered
quite correctly the question of the Senator from
Mai-He a few moments ago. The expense of en-
fraving is not covered by the item whirl) I read,
ut it is possible that, in the estimate for the en-
graving, made at the last session of Congress,
this is included, but I am not certain in regard to
that.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Then this would be a
sccond appropriation for the same purpose, and
there is no need of it.
Mr. WELLER. If the appropriation was
made at the last session, as a matter of coursc
the War Department would not ask for an ap-
propriation now.
Mr. STUART. That does not follow.
Mr. WELLER. I think it does follow as a
necessary consequence. If there be any honesty
and integrity m a public officer, he would not ask
for an appropriation to cover expenditures of the
last session.
Mr. STUART. How could the War Depart-
ment know of an estimate which they did not
make themselves ?
jYfr. WELLEIt. How would the Secretary
of the Treasury know how to make up the esti-
mates for the publication of these maps and charts
if he did not go to "he Secretary of War? How
could the Secretmy of the Treasury have made
out this report of ueficiencies for tiie benefit of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, if
he had not obtained that information from the
War Department, which had charge of these maps
and charts? I say, therefore, it is an unjust re-
flection on a public oiTieer to say that he will
come in here iiov,, and ask by way of amendment
an appropuutioii when the item is already pro-
vided for in a general deficiency.
Mr. jjlGLER. Hefore voting on this amend-
ment, I desire to bo clearly satisfied on one point
to which I wish to call the atten: nm of the Senator
from California. It appears (bat there is a gen-
eral law on tLis subject, whi< h confides io the
Superintendent of Public Printing the, duty of
superintending the preparation and publication
of this work. The fact that this proposition is
moved as an amendment to the deficiency bill
suggests to my mind that the work is m progress;
that charts and diagrams aie b<-ing prepared,and
that there is immediate rccessuy to make tins
provision, in order to insure their completion. I
desire, therefore, to understand distinctly av bother
or not the Superintendent of Punting has taken
any action under the aeneial law in icLutun to the
charts end diagrams to which thr proposition of
the Sena'or from California refers.' Are thev m
process of preparation3 It will readily lie per-
ceived that, if under the general law action has
been taken by the Suprnnfoulent, much confusion
and additional expense muTht arise from this
change of the law in tins case. I am inclined, I
confess, to favor the amendment of the Senator
from California, although Idislike very much to
disturb any gencud system. I fear, ho\vc\er, that
if we set ilus example, we cannot leftist to any
other department of the Government the oppor-
tunity of supei intending any work which it may
have printed; and so far as that goes, I feel an
aversion to the amendment, though anxious to
facilitate the prosecution of the work. Unless I
shall be informed as to the point, whether the
Superintendent under the general law has taken
action on this subject, I shall be constrained to
vote against the amendment of the Senator from
California.
Mr. ADAMS. The proposition of the Sena-
tor from Virginia, includes appropriations for
small amounts for expenditures for reports al-
ready published, and if I could have them set
apart by themselves, I should vote for paying
them, whether their publication was originally
right or wrong; but finding that what is right is
mixed up with so much that is bad, I shall vote
against the whole concern.
I do not agree with gentlemen who Isold that
the whole Senate is responsible for this abuse. I
believe in individual responsibility. For myself,
I have no recollection of having voted for the pub-
lication of these works, and particularly have I
no recollection of ever having voted for printing
extra numbers of them. I am aware of the fact
that the reports of the various surveys to the Pa-
cific furnish valuable information to the Govern-
ment—information which will be useful hereafter,
and which ouirht to be paid for. Tf that appro-
priation could be separatedfromothers, I should
be willing to vote for it; but finding it m bad com-
pany, 1 shall vote against the whole. When,
however, propositi ons of which I am in favor shall
come up as separate measures, I will vote for them,
and not otherwise.
I believe that the work to which our attention
has been now called ought to be stopped. I am
glad that the book-making business has grown
to be an acknowledged evil. 1 think the country
has long since discovered, if the Senate has not,
that a stop ought to be put to it. Still, I have
very little hope thai what has occurred here to-
day will be of any real benefit. It will not be
remembered for two days. Very soon, on a prop-
osition that presents itself at the moment with an
air of plausibility, millions will bo voted away
without examination. I content myself by voting
against all these propositions. Wherever my
name is recorded on them, it will be found uni-
formly against them, though I frequently stand
alone in that position.
Mr. HUNTER. I have inquired of the Super-
intendent of Printing, and he says that the esti-
mate made at the last session for engraving was
designed to cover this engraving.
Mr. STUART. I suggested, a few moments
ago, to the honorable Senator from California,
that there must be an error in this matter. The
Superintendent of Printing made an estimate to
cover the expense of this engraving, and I sug-
gested that the War Department would not know
that he had made that estimate. He made his
estimate for engraving to be done according to
the provision of the existing law, but the War
Department in this proposition proposes to take
charge of the engraving itself, and estimates that
ifilom1 it, will cost so much. If we Were to make
both appropriations, there would be a double ap-
propriation for the same purpose.
Mr. IIUHIC. Ef an estimate were made last
year, why has not the eiigraMirx been done?
Why are we now with but the report of one rec-
onnoissance printed: 1 should like to know the
leason.
Mr. VULEE. It is evident that we cannot
conclude the consideration of this bill to-day; and
as it is now late, nearly four o'clock, I think it
proper to afford to gentlemen an opportunity to
examine tins question and prepare the amend-
ment m n suitable shape, as there appears to be
sonip difficulty in regard to it. For this reason 1
move that the" Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF RET3PREVENTATIVES.
Monday, -March 24, 3856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain. Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of Thursday was read and approved.
SPECIAL COMMITTEE—KANSAS.
The SPEAKER appointed Mcssis. Lewis D.
Campbell ef Ohio, Wilt jam A. Howard of
Michigan, and Mordecai Oliver of Missouri, as
the special committee, authorized by resolution
of the House to investigate Kansas affairs.
The regular order of business was announced
to be a motion by Mr. Brooks to suspend the
rules, holding over from Monday last.
DISTRICT COURTS IN OHIO AND ILLINOIS.
Mr. WADE. Iaskth e unanimous consent of
the House to take up Senate bill No. 6, and put
it on its passage; and if the House will indulge
me for a moment, I am sure there will be no objec-
tion. The bill relates to the district courts in the
northern districtsof Ohio and Illinois. Under the
law now in force the courts of the United States
are required to sentence criminals convicted of
penitentiary offenses to some State penitentiary
within the district where such conviction takes
place. Now, it so happens that there is no peni-
tentiary or State prison within the northern dis-
trict of Ohio, consequently the judge of that dis-
trict is without power to sentence convicts in his
court to any place of punishment. Thereare now
some five or six such convicts in that court, some
of them post office and mail robbers, some coun-
terfeiters, and other embezzlers of the public
funds; but the judge is without power to pass
sentence on these convicts, without the authority
conferred by this bill. The court of that district
has been held open for months awaiting the pass-
age of this law; and I have for many weeks been
endeavoring to get the indulgence of the House to
make this explanation, in order to obtain the
needed legislation; and it seems to me that what
1 ask is reasonable, and that no objection ought
to be made. I therefore ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House, for the purpose of putting the
bill on its passage 
Objection was made.
Mr. WADE. I move a suspension of the rules
in order to have the bill taken up.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there notamo-
tion pending to suspend the rules, holding over
from Monday last?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so stated.
The gentleman from Ohio, however, asks the
consent of the House to take up the bill stated by
him.
Mr. CRAIGE. I object.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House ths
following executive communications, which were
received and disposed of as indicated below:
A communication from the Department of
State, in answer to a resolution of the House of
February 28,1856, relative to the time of the organ-
ization of the several Territories of the United
States, and the amount of appropriations made
for the benefit of said Territories. Referred to the
Committee on Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
recommending an appropriation for the payment
of the salary of circuit judge of California, for the
years ending 30th of June, 1856, and the 30th of
June, 1857. Referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the War Department,
in answer to a resolution of the House in relation
to certain fortifications in the State of New York.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Department of the
Interior, in answer to a resolution of the House,
relating to graduating and reducing the prices of
the public lands. Referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEE OF WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to what I sujjpose to
be a privileged question. I understand that the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] and the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] have
been appointed members of the committee that is
to proceed to Kansas. These gentlemen, if they
enter upon the discharge of their duties as mem-
bers of that committee, will necessarily be absent
from the House for several weeks. Both of them
are members of the Committee of Ways and
Means, which committee have not yet finished
the consideration of the annual appropriation
bills. If it be in order, therefore, I will move
that the Speaker appoint, temporarily, two addi-
tional members of that committee to act until the
return of these gentlemen from Kansas. 1 make
this proposition merely by way of suggestion.
There is now often difficulty in getting a quorum
