i60a.]
Amm>IX TO THS CONGRESSIONAL GLOm?
1Q\
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Bennett, of New York.
Hp. ojr Reps.
make of it any number of slave State*. And the
House, it is said, without any voice, is bound
by the treaty—must pay the price, and perform
the stipulations ! And if any one doubts this
monstrous proposition, its constitutionality m to
bt dtcidtd by the judges the Sttiate laid President
appoint■' General Gadsden has long been on a
fishing excursion to purchase more territory for
slavery!
3. .is to the Judiciary.—The appointment of the
judges is removed furthest from the people, and
is placed where the power of slavery is always
strongest; and consequently, with less than a third
of the population, the slave-owners only num-
bering one in sixty, have always had a majority
of the judges, and a majority on the bench of the
Supreme Court; and tlve others taken from the
free States must be " national:" that is, in every
contest, opposed to freedom and in favor of sla-
very.
The power that creates is greater than the thing
created, and many alarming encroachments have
lately been attempted upon the rights of freedom
by the Federal Judges: one is the recent auda-
cious doctrine, that slaves can be held in the free
States as well as in the slave States—thus strik-
ing down the independence and sovereignty of
the free States, and judicially establishing slavery
therein. Slavery depends upon the laws of the
States. Where it is allowed slaves can be held;
where it is not, they cannot. Some Statfcs have
passed laws giving slaveholders a right of pass-
ng tli rough the State with their slaves. Where
this right exists, it is by virtue of the State Jaw,
and is solely regulated by the State. And there is
no power under the Constitution, in any depart-
ment or in all the departments of Government,
that can compel a State to hold slaves as property.
If this is attempted it is an invasion of State rights,
and should be resisted. Such an attempt by the
Supreme Court is a judicial usurpation, ana not
binding on the States.
This question has been recently before the
judges of the Supreme Court of the United States,
and, as 1 am informed, virtually decided, although
the case was dismissed. And mark that decision!
It is that slaves can be held as property in a free
State! It is said, too, that this decision is made
by the pro-slavery judges from slave States! And
that every judge who heard the case from a free
State held a contrary opinion, in conformity
with the well-settled law in this country and in
England, and in accordance with every principle
of reason and common sense. How absurd it is to
say that the law of one State must be controlled
within its own limits, where it is supreme, by the
conflicting law of any other State! Georgia allows
slavery; New York prohibits it. The Supreme
Court say the laws of Georgia are of higher
authority, within the State of New York, than her
own laws! or in other words, the Supreme Court
sets up slavery as above the constitutions and
laws of the free States! That is judicial legisla-
tion by the Federal judges in favor of slavery. It
cannot, and never will, be submitted to by any
free State. If it is, the boast the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] is said to have tauntingly
made that he would yet " call the roll of his
slaves on Bunker Hill," may now be fulfilled.
If this is submitted to, there needs no more legis-
lation in Congress to extend slavery. It is already
made the supreme law of the land. If it cannot
be prohibited in the free States, they are no longer
free. Thi* is the court to decide upon the constitv--
tionality of slavery, and of all laws and treaties to
extend it. This power might as well be given to
so many overseers selected from slave plantations
4S to judges thus appointed and controlled, if this
derision has been made, and is a spetiwn of their
independence and integrity.
Citizens of slave States carry the laws of
those States with them into free States! That is
the position. It involves a long list of absurdities.
1. It destroys the independence and equality of
the several States. 2. It gives to non-residents
of a State rights denied to its own citizens. 3. In
a case of conflicting State laws—each supreme in
the State where it exists—it gives one class of
States jurisdiction within the limits of the other,
and effectually destroys the independence and
sovereignty of the latter, by nullifying their laws
and imposing upon them laws in defia&ee of, and
in direct hostility with, theirs. If every citizen
from a slave State carries the law of slavery into
free States, why does not every citizen from a free
State carry the law of freedom into a slave State?
If the laws of South Carolina can be set up in
New York, as superior to the laws of New York,
it is no longer a free State: it is a mere province
under South Carolina! And what is law in Ne w
York will depend on the place from which the
non-resident came,  nd what may happen to be
law where he last resided! And there m^y be
fifteen different laws in full force in New York,
each nullifying its own laws, .and in direct conflict
and hostility with them.
The l w of e ch Statp must be supreme within
its limits, or (ill freedom and self-government is
destroyed.
The recent outrage committed upon the rights of
« citizen pf Pennsylvania by ft United States dis-
trict judge, has awakened the public indignation,
and exciUid attention to the course of the Federal
judges appointed by the slave power, whose
acts are usually unobserved—one decision fur-
nishing & precedent for another. Judge Kane (a
name ominous of eril) issued a habeas corpus, not
to restore to freedom some person illegally res-
trained of liberty, but to take and return three
persons to slavery who had, being in a free State,
asserted their right to freedom, and left their
master. This, Judge Kane had no right what-
ever to do, least of all to attempt it under a writ
of habeas corpus; but Williamson, to whom this
unlawful writ was directed, returned to it, that
the slaves claimed were not in his custody, and
he could not bring them before the judge; and
that return was proved to be indisputably true.
But Mr. Williamson had advised these slaves
that they were free—having been voluntarily
brought by their master into a free State. For
this insult to their master, who was both a slave-
holder and an officeholder, he must be punished.
He had violated no law, civil or criminal, State
or National, in giving this opinion, whether it
was correct or not. He had only advised these
slaves what, in his opinion, were their legal
rights. If this was a crime, the law was open
to Mr. Wheeler: he had only "to prove and
punish," for all that Williamson did was openly
done, and never denied.
But, then, Williamson must be prosecuted and
tried according to the Constitution and laws of
the United States and of Pennsylvania. And
what would be the accusation? Under what law
could the indictment be framed? And what jury
could be found to convict him? No; that would
be unavailing. Judge Kane, therefore, became
the poor pitiful instrument of Mr. Wheeler to
regain his slaves by an unauthorized proceeding,
if he could, and, failing in that, to punish Wil-
liamson under the false pretense of a contempt
against Judge Kane, on which accusation he
was deprived of his liberty, without crime or
trial, from July to November. A power given
to cpurts for their necessary protection, without
any fixed limits left to their discretion, was thus
wantonly abused to deprive a citizen of his rights
and. of his liberty. For this high-handed a«d
arbitrary exercise of power, Judge Kane should
be impeached and degraded from the place he is
unworthy to hold. And if no other member of
this House had, I would have moved his im-
peachment before this day but for the fact, his
judges would be the Senate who appointed him
—the Senate that represents only the slave power
in this Government; and his subserviency to
slavery would, with them, be a matter of praise,
not of censure. It would probably elevate him
to a higher position.
There is but one tribunal which can redress
these wrongs—the people, the stern condemna-
tion of the popular voice. That rules and regu-
lates ?it last every department of Government.
Behold the power of slavery in our Govern-
ment:
1. It has the President.
2. It has the Senate.
3. It has the Judiciary.
In this Hpuse only can freedom make a stand !
This is truly the battle-ground; and woe to the
Representative from a free State hereafter, that
proves recreant to the cause of freedom and equal
right#!
X. THE PEOPiB or E*N8A  " ?BRFECTLT *R|ts!"
1. Slavery admitted into this free Territory by
act of Congress!
2. The Governor appointed by the President;
and, if not heart and soul for slavery, he is re-
moved, and another appointed who is !
3. The judges all appointed by the President;
and all the other officials, including secretary, at-
torney, and marshal, and a military force sta-
tioned there under his command !
4. A Legislature elected by armed invaders
from Missouri, who have established slavery
under severe penalties, prohibited " freedom of
speech " and of " the press," and prescribed "cruel
and unusual punishments" to prevent the exer-
cise of the rights guarantied by the Constitution
of the United States !
5. A proclamation by the President requiring
the people of Kansas to submit to these laws;
and that any hesitation or refusal would be
promptly put down by military force! De-
nouncing beforehand, as "treasonable insurrec-
tion, the right of the people peaceably to assem-
ble" and to "ask for a redress of grievances"
by their admission as a State; that is, asking the
right of "self-government!"
6. Border ruffianism and border ruffian laws
enforced by the military, and the perfect freedom
of the people of Kansas being death or submis-
sion !
How "perfectly free" the people of Kansas
are left! How secure "in their persons, papers,
and effects against unreasonable searches and
seizures," under the Constitution! The captain
of the steamboat who put on shore the rifles *>f
the settlers on their way to Kansas, taken for
self-defense, and who thus unlawfully seized and
deprived them of their property, has since been
in this city, but he has not been called to any ac-
count by the authorities here or in Kansas. Ho
received no censure or rebuke: he probably came
here to claim a high reward for this valuable
service.
The President's judges in Kansps are engaged
in a more congenial employment. I read from
the Baltimore Sun:
" Kansas Affairs.
" Washington, April 8.—Associate Justice Burrill, of
Kansas, is said to be in Washington for consultation with
the executive authorities relative to the course judicially to
pursue towards the officers of the free-State organization.''
The judges of Kansas, it seems, are to be regu-
lated by executive instruction its to what shall
be held innocent or criminal in Kansas; as to
What party or persons shall be hunted down, and
dragooned into submission by criminal prosecu-
tions; as to the crime for which they shall be in-
dicted and convicted, and the punishment to which
they shall be subjected! Like the Star Chamber
prosecutions in England, when the infamous
Jeffreys was judge. Here is a large power, not
found in the Constitution, criminal prosecutions
for political opinions, and a larger indictment—all
opposed to slavery are to be dealt with as traitors!
all who are for a free State organization! The
people who assembled peaceably in conven-
tion to qdopt a constitution, and ask admission,
as a State, under the General Government, as
they had a right to do bv the Constitution, as the
people of every other Territory have done, are
treated as levying war against the United States,
and are to be convicted of treason, by the judi-
ciary of Kansas, (in that they have attempted to
make Kansas a free State,)—high treason—against
slavery and President Pierce t Judge Kane should
be promoted to this branch of the "national ser-
vice!" Let him be the Jeffreys of America; or
placed, at least, beside Lecompte! Judge Le-
compte, it would seem, has received instructions,
and is at the work. Indictments have been found
agaiqflji freemen concerned in the high crime of
asking for admission as a free State! Governor
Robinson and other leading men" from the free
States are now imprisoned on such charges as
these! They were left " perfectly free" to choose
freedom or slavery! Their crime was in choosing
freedom! That is the only unpardonable political
sin, with this anti-agitation Administration, and its
pure judiciary in Kansas! The Constitution pro-
vides that treason " shall consist only in levying
war against the United States," or adhering to
their enemies, giving them aid and comfort; and
