1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1437
household; and he is the only one of that remark-
able family whose services, whose fortunes, and
whose lives were all given to their country in its
most trying hour, who has ever received a single
dollar from the bounty of the Government. The
little pittance of one hundred dollars a year which
he now receives from the Government is his only
reliance, his all, for the support of himself and a
second wife, who is yet living at quite an advanced
age.
I doubt, sir, if there can be found another in-
stance in our history of a father and seven sons
all entering into the regular military service of
the country. I doubt if another instance can be
found anywhere of such an entire consecration
of so numerous a family to the public service in
the perils of war. I am quite sure that there is
not another case to be found which makes so
strong an appeal as this one to the grateful recog-
nition of the Government. And I am happy
in the opportunity of presenting to the Senate
of the United States, in behalf of this venerable
{mtriot, now bending under the weight of one
lundred years, and under the still more oppress-
ive weight of pinching want, this his last appeal
to the gratitude and generosity of that country
under whose free institutions it has been his for-
tune and his happiness to live from the hour of
their birth, and for whose liberties he has so
valiantly fought before any one of us here to-day
had a being.
I have only to invoke the early and favorable
consideration of the case by the Committee on
Pensions, to whom I move the reference of this
petition.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a bill carrying out the
prayer of the petition, and ask that it be read a
first and second time with a view to reference.
There being no objection leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 345) for the relief of
Nathan M. Lounsbury; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
Mr. FISH. I ask the indulgence of the Senate
for leave to present a paper in respect to which I
wish to make one word of explanation. It will
be remembered by the Senate that on one day
last week, Monday, I think, the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Butler] submitted to the
Senate,and caused to be read from the Secretary's
desk, a letter from a medical gentleman in this
city, which has given rise to some ungenerous
remarks, and probably some unjust imputations,
which have found their way into the press in
various parts of the country. The letter which
I hold in my hand is from Mr. George Sumner,
repelling, so far as relates to himself, those im-
pressions. I shall follow the example of my
friend from South Carolina. I make no com-
ments on the subject, but simply ask that the
letter may be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there ob-
jection to the reading of the letter?
Mr. STUART. When the letter alluded to
was presented the other day by the Senator from
South Carolina, it struck me as being improper
for this reason: it seems to me manifestly im-
proper that the Senate should be the medium
of publishing the letters of individuals. I shall
not object to the reading of the letter presented
by the Senator from New York in response to
it; but my purpose in rising is simply to say that
I shall object to all communications upon the sub-
ject hereafter, believing, as I do, that it is man-
ifestly improper for the Senate to publish private
letters that gentlemen may see fit to send here.
If they have any controversy, they may resort to
the newspapers, or to any other medium of pub-
lication, with much more propriety.
Mr. FISH. The letter which I send to the
Chair contains no word, I think, that can give
offense in any quarter whatever, or give rise to
the slightest objection. It is simply a vindication
of the gentleman himself from what may not be
a necessary, but has been a natural, inference
from the paper which was read here before. I
am satisfied that it has done injustice to him,and
may haye done injustice to one near and dear to
him.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to the reading of the
paper. I agree with the remarks of the Senator
from Michigan. I did not know what the other
paper was until it was being read; but I shall
make objections to the reading of all such papers.
I do not choose to make this body the vehicle of
communications between doctors and theia pa-
tients or other friends. It is disgraceful to the
body; and I object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be on ordering the paper to be read.
On the question being put, it appeared to be
decided in the negative.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. A paper
was presented the other day by the Senator from
South Carolina, and was read at the Secretary's
desk. It was stated that it was a paper which
would be explanatory of this transaction, and
that as a part of the res gestce connected with a
matter for which a gentleman was on trial in the
other House, he wanted it to go to the country
as a part of the record which would conduce to
an understanding of the matter. I made no ob-
jection then, because, like the Senator from Geor-
gia, I did not hear what was going on. With
the Senator from Michigan, I think it altogether
improper, out of taste, and incorrect. However,
as one paper has been read here, by way of doing
justice I will allow the other to be read also; but
never hereafter will I agree to such a thing. I
make no objection to the reading of this paper at
the present time, but 1 shall never again submit
to such a thing in the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. I think there is a difference
between this paper and the one read the other
day. Dr. Boyle, it will be recollected, was a
witness before the House committee of investiga-
tion, and was one of the attending physicians on
Mr. Sumxer durins: his illness.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I do not
know what is contained in this paper except by
the description of the gentleman from New York
nor did I know what was m the other.
Mr. BROWN. I was about to point out the
difference between that paper and this. Dr. Boyle
had been brought before Congress without his
consent, on a summons, and was required to tes-
tify. The accuracy of his testimony was called
in question in the Senate by the reading of a
paper as a part of a speech delivered here; and
the paper which was read on the motion of the
honorable Senator from South Carolina was in
vindication of the accuracy of the testimony which
he had been required to give. Therefore, I think,
that paper was a proper one to be presented* He
had the right, I think, (having been forced before
the body as a witness, and the accuracy of his
testimony having been called in question by a
member of this body by the reading of a letter,
as a part of his speech, from another attending
physician,) to put his vindication in the hands
of some other Senator, and have it read as a part
of the same transaction. But here is a new party
—one who has not been a witness, as I under-
stand—who has not bv any process been brought
before this body or the other House; but who
is simply a volunteer, and comes forward with a
volunteer statement t.o vindicate—not what he has
said as a witness—but to vindicate his reputation
on account of something which has transpired
out of doors. I think he presents himself in a
very d life rent attitude from Dr. Boyle.
Mr. FISH. Before the vote is taken, let me
say to the Senator from Mississippi that, while I
do not agree with him entirely as to the necessity
of the paper of Dr. Boyle, which was read here
for his vindication, yet when Dr. Boyle presented
that letter, he introduced the name of a party who
had not, prior to that time, been before the Sen-
ate, or before the country, in any way. He stated
facts undoubtedly true; but he put those facts in
such juxtaposition as to give rise to a very natu-
ral, and perhaps inevitable inference, prejudicial
to this gentleman, who was a total stranger to the
affair, so far as the public knew, up to that time.
Dr. Boyle introduced his name. I attach no
censure to Dr. Boyle for aught he may have done
in that connection; nor do I make any complaint
of the introduction of that paper; but I do say
that letter of Dr. Boyle has given rise, neces-
sarily, and perhaps inevitably, to ungenerous and
unjust inferences with regard to Mr. George
Sumner. Dr. Boyle's letter introduced his name
here, and I now askthat he may simply be heard
in vindication of himself in that matter.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I was not pres-
ent when the letter of Dr. Boyle was read, nor
have I heard any of the discussion on the subject
to which these communications refer; but I shall
vote against reading the communication presented
to-day, because I agree with the Senator from
Michigan, that the Senate should not lie the
medium of settling a personal controversy of this"
kind. The press is an ample and a proper me-
dium. These individuals can there right them-
selves before the public if they have been wronged.
But I do certainly think the Senate ou^ht not to
be the medium for a controversy of this kind;
nor can I see where it is to end if we once recog-
nize and indulge in the practice. I mean by my
vote simply to discountenance the practice—to
commence doing at once what Senators who
allowed the reading of the other paper say they
will do hereafter.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I agree entirely
with those Senators who have expressed the
opinion that it has been unfortunate that letters
of this character have been brought into the Sen-
ate, as a part of the proceedings of the body; but
yet, as it has been done, it would seem to me that
the parties should be beard on both sides; and
again, that we should not protract this mode of
inquiry any further than is necessary to let there1
be a hearing on both sides.
I have not paid very particular attention to the
subject, bat my recollections are, that the attend-
ing physician on the Senator from Massachusetts
was examined before the committee of the House,
and gave his testimony; that, in order to qualify
that testimony in some mode, the colleague of
the Senator from Massachusetts—I am speaking
from memory, and memory only—presented,
as a part of his remarks in the Senate, a letter
from Dr. Lindsley, on the subjectof the condition
of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Shm-
ner.] Thus the subject was brought up in that1
way, incidentally, and then the other side was
heard by a letter from the other physicians, Dr.
Boyle and Dr. Miller, introduced by the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler.] I was not
present, according to my recollection, at any of
these proceedings. I state them only from having
looked at the papers; but when it is proposed to
introduce a letter, like this—of the contents of
which I do not know anything in the world, and
I did not know until this moment who wrote it—
I think it would be carrying the matter further
than any propriety would warrant. I shall,
therefore, as at present advised, vote against the
motion.
Mr. WELLER. I really do not see any ne-
cessity for debate on this question. A letter was
read here the other day, which it seems has pro-
duced an unfavorable impression on the brother
of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner.] He sees proper to address a letter to the
Senator from New York, in order to avoid the
impression thus made. The former letter has
been read in the Senate; and I ask if the Senator
from New York had not a right this morning to
read this letter himself? But, instead of reading
it himself, he asks the Secretary to read it.
I am very sure the Senate would have inter-
posed no objection to the Senator from New York
reading the letter; and as there would have been
no objection to that, I cannot see any to the Sec-
retary reading it. If it be found to contain any-
thing improper, or offensive to the Senate, we
can reject the letter after hearing it road; but why
reject it now? I would give to any gentleman,
who claims that he has been injured by a letter
or a speech in the Senate, the right of coming
here and correcting the error which has been
thus made on the public mind. That is the whole
of this case. The letter is addressed to the Sen-
ator from New York, as I understand. Surely
he co ;ld have read it by way of argument or
statement this morning, and no one would have
interposed objection. As it is now a question,
whether he or the Secretary shall read it, I am
willing that either shall read it.
Mr. CASS. I would like to hear (fori do not
think I was here when his letter wa# r?ad) what
Dr. Boyle said. Has there been such an attach
