14S8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
ob another citizen otrt of the Senate; in the Sen-
ate, and registered here, as gives him a natural
right to be heard in rebuttal ? Has he been assailed
in character here? I agree with gentlemen that
thisSenate should not be made the vehicle of
private representations; but if by any accident
it is. made the means of injuring an individual it
oughtto be made the vehicle of allowing him to
do himself justice.
Mr. WELLER. My fl-iend from Michigan
■will allow me to state what it does represent.
The letter of Dr. Boyle, who was the first medical
attendant on Mr. Somner, leaves the impression
on the public mind that he was dismissed by order
of George Sumner, the brother of the Senator
from Massachusetts, because of the testimony he
' gave before the committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives, in relation to the condition of his-
brother. Greerge Sumner, who dismissed Dr.
Boyle, seeks, in this letter, I understand, to dis-
abuse the public mind of that impression, by
stating that he had no knowledge of what the
testijnony of Dr. Boyle before the committee was
at the time when-he wrote that letter dimissing
liim.
Mr. CASS. Then I am willing to hear him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, " Shall the letter be read? "
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bell of Tennessee,Cass,
Collamer, Crittenden, Dodge, Evans, Fish, Foot, Foster,
Geyer, Jones of Iowa, Pratt, Seward, Stuart, Thompson
of Kentucky, Trumbull, WeUer, and Wilson—20.
NAY'S — Messrs. Benjamin, Biggs, Biglor, Brodhead,
Brown, Douglas, Fitzpatrick, Hunter, tverson. Johnson,
Majlory, Mason, Slide!!, and Toombs—14.
So the letter was ordered to be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Washington, June 20,1856.
Dtun Sin: My attention having been drawn to the letter
read in the Senate on Mouday last, from Dr. Boyle, the firm
medical attendant of my brother, and to the impression
which it might convey, that hia services were dispensed
With by me, because of hia testimony before the House
committee of investigation, it seems proper that I should
state, and request you, on any fit occasion, to repeat my
statement, that there is no foundation whatever for t>uch
an impression.
When T wont to Dr. Boyle, on Wednesday, 28th May, to
Inform him tlmi Dr. Terry would attend my brother, I did
not know what testimony he had given; and, although
since then [ have heard allusions to his testimony, I have
not, up to the present moment, either read it or heard it
read. My brother, at that time, was unable to act for him-
self, wag in great pain, with fever, and his pulse at 104.
Dr, Ferry, who, trom his first visits on the preceding Sun-
day, had expressed to me his fear& of a reaction, considered
his condition on Wetfcncsday so serious, that he consented
to remain in Washington until the crisis had passed, when
he tr&mfcired the ease to Dr. Lmdsley. Dr. Miller was
• then consulted on the special surgical treatment of one of
th<? wounds.
Since the 31st of May, Dr. Lindsley has been the sole
medical attendant of my brother, and the only physician in
a position to speak from actual observation of his case.
Let me say, in conclusion, that it is incorrect that Dr.
Boyle's services were dispensed with, either because of
any testimony he may have given, or, as hay been stated in
other quartern, because of the fact that he offered, before
Jhe examming magistrate, to become the bail for Mr.
Brooks.
With much respect, I am, dear sir, your obedient ser-
vant, GEORGE SUMNER.
Hon. Hamilton Fish, United States Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Cullom. their
Clerk:
Mr. President: The House of Representatives agree to
the-second and third amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. It. No. 152) making .appropriations for the consularand
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1857, and disagree to the first amendment
of the Senate to said bill.
The House of Representatives have passed a biil (H. R.
No. 197) to authorize the President of the United States to
cause the southern boundary line of Kansas Territory to be
surveyed and marked*
Also, a bill (II. R. No. 421) to change the times of holding
toe United States courts in Tennessee.
The President of the United States approved
and signed, the 29th of May, the following acts:
An act for the relief of William M. F. Ma-
graw; and
An act for the relief of John Crawford.
On the 2d instant, the following acts:
An act for the relief of John S. Pendleton; and
An act for the relief of Emma Bidamon; and
On the 3d instant, the following acts;
_ An act granting public lands in alternate sec-
tions to the State of Alabama, to aid- m the con-
struction of certain railroads m said State;
An act making a grant of lands to the State of
Louisiana!, to aid in the construction of railroads
in said State;
An act making a grant of alternate sections of
the public lands to the State of Michigan, to aid
in the construction of certain railroads;
A  act granting public lands to the State of
Wisconsin, to aid in the construction of railroads
in said State.
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. WELLER. I present a memorial from a
large number of the citizens of the southern por-
tion of the State of California, who say that they
were principally former citizens of the Mexican
Republic, and owners of lands acquired under that
Government. They present this their respectful
petition, praying that that their representations
may be heard, and their sufferings and wants, as
herein set forth, considered, and such measures in
their favor enacted as will tend to their relief, and
free them from the distressing situation in which
they are placed by reason of the present position
of the tenures of their lands in the State of Cali-
fornia.
They declare, as a reason for this request, that
the existing enactment relating to the titles of
private lands in California has been the source
of exceeding injustice and hardships to the owners
of lands, and immense detriment to all the inter-
ests of the State. It has entailed on the holders
of titles enormous expenses, which the petition-
ers believe have been and are as unnecessary as
they are unjust, and at the same time has had the
effect of casting doubts on their just titles, and
hence depreciated, and in some instances entirely
destroyed, the value of their lands. They state
that the rights by which they possess their lands
were acquirednotonly through the formerlaws of
the country, but in many instances by long years
of labor and hardship, and at the risk of their
and their ancestors' lives among savage Indians;
that these rights wore always respected by the
former Governments, and would have continued
being respected under the same rule; and that the
defense of their rights against the United States
has already cost th'em the sacrifice of almost all
their personal property, and of a very consider-
able portion of the lands which they defend. The
enactment alluded to has, they say, induced large
numbers of persons, not claiming under any title,
but only encourgcd by the pending litigation with
the United States, to enter upon the lands of the
Californians, and dispossess and prevent the law-
ful owners from the use and enjoyment of the
same; while at the same time this fact has not
detained the State from annually assessing the
same lands, and exacting from the claimants the
payment of enormous taxes. In this manner it
has already effected the ruin of many, and if con-
tinued in force, will cause the ruin of nearly all
the old proprietors of lands acquired with titles
from the Governments of Spain and Mexico. It
has prevented the increase of the population of
the State; the introduction into it of capital; and
the establishment of permanentimprovements and
enterprises; because for these a fixed condition
of real property is necessary; and unless effica-
cious remedial measures are promptly applied,
these evils will not only be continued, but in a
great degree multiplied. Moreover, a large pro-
portion, probably the majority of the grants of
land affected by the present enactment, are not
of sufficient value to enable the holders of them
to bear the expense necessary to prosecute their
claims through the various processes at present
prescribed, or seek their final recognition at so
great a distance as the capital of the Republic;
therefore the holders of such grants are in immi-
nent danger of losing their lands entirely, and
also the time, money, and labor, heretofore ex-
pended in defending them.
The petitioners therefore pray Congress that a
suitable act of legislation may be passed, which
may have the effect of bringing to a speedy term-
ination the state of uncertainty in which the titles
of lands in California are placed, and to exempt
the holders of genuine titles from further expense
and labor for the attainment of the acknowledg-
ment of their just rights. They pray for favor
and justice.
Theoriginal petition is in the Spanish language,
and is signed by nearly all the original land pro-
prietors in the southern portion of the State. It
is scarcely necessary- for' the to say that, under
the operation of the act of Congress, they have
been literally despoiled of their property, and a
very large proportion of them have been, in con-
sequence of litigation, utterly ruined. I sincerely
hope that the Committee on Public Lands will be
able to devise some remedy for the existing evils.
It is for theinterest of all parties there—as well the
land claimants as the settlers on public lands—
that these titles should be speedily disposed of.
The settler, of course, is not at liberty to make
any improvements on those lands while there is
uncertainty hanging over the title. In the mean
while, the land claimant is taxed mostenormously,
although he cannot obtain possession of a single
foot of his land. I know instances in the south-
em portion of California, where land claimants
are paying at the rate of $2,000 or $3,000 a year
tax on property, the possession of a single foot
of which they cannot obtain, so that they are only
recognized as owners of property for the exclu-
sive purpose of being taxed.
But, sir, I do not intend to trespass on the Sen-
ate. I move the reference of the memorial to the
Committee on Public Lands, and I hope they
may provide some remedy for the existing state
of things there.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Retrench-
ment, to whom the subject was referred, reported
a bill (S. No. 347) to establish a department of
law, and to prescribe certain duties ofthe Auditors
and Comptrollers of the Treasury; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. He stated
that he did not expect to secure action on the bill
at the presentsession. He merely reported it, so
that it might be printed at once, and be ready for
action at the next session.
Mr. PEARCE,from theCommittee on Finance,
to whom was referred a message of the President
of the United States, of April 11, on the subject,
reported a bill (S. No. 348) to carry into effect
the act entitled " An act to provide forthe accom-
modation of the courts of the United States for
the district of1 Maryland, and for a post office at
Baltimore city, Maryland," approved the 17th
February-, 1855; which was read, and passed to
a second reading- The message and accompany-
ing documents were ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred the
memorial of Jean Baptiste Faribault, and Pelagie,
his wife, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 349) for the relief of Jean B. and
Pelagie Faribault, of Minnesota Territory. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading-,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition -of
Charles D. Maxwell, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 350) for the relief of
Doctor Charles D. Maxwell, a surgeon in the
United States Navy. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, from the select committee ap-
pointed to take into consideration the rules of the
Senate, and report such amendments thereto as
may be deemed necessary, submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOOT, from the select committee ap-
pointed to take into consideration the rules of the
Senate, and report such amendments thereto as
may be deemed necessary, submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. MASON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution author-
izing the purchase and restoration to the British
Government of the ship Resolute, late of the
British Navy.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 346) for the relief of James Earls, or his
legal representatives; which was-read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
