70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 20,
power under the Constitution to prevent the
continuance of the existing state of things. The
Governor of California sent on two commis-
sioners making requisition on the President, not
for Federal troops, but for arms and ammunition
to assist in sustaining the supremacy of the State
government. The Governor failed in his requi-
sition to state the fact, that it was impossible to
convene the Legislature. The Senate knows that
the President can only furnish arms, ammunition,
or Federal troops, to put down insurrection, on
the requisition of the Governor of a State, when
the Legislature cannot be convened. This fact
was not stated by the Governor, and, therefore,
his application was declined. I find, on looking
a.t the law, that the Legislature of California fixed
upon the first Wednesday of September as the
regular time for the election of our State officers.
In 1852, in order to save expense, they passed a
law, providing that, in every leap year, when the
presidential election takes place, the State election
should be held on the same day with the presiden-
. tiai election. They failed, however, to make any
provision for the vacancy between September and
November. So that from the first Wednesday
of September until the presidential election, there
will be an interregnum when no Legislature can
be convened, and, therefore, the President of the
United States will have full authority under the
Constitution to furnish arms and ammunition on
the request of the Governor to put down insurrec-
tion. 1 will not continue this discussion further.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hope it is under-
stood that 1 did not detract from Judge Terry.
1 expressly said that the writer of the letter to
which I referred had the highest personal esteem
fur him, but thought he was imprudent. In
that one particular only does he differ from the
statement of the honorable Senators from Texas,
Mississippi, and California. Ho thought he was
iinpiudont, rash, and impulsive. In this connec-
tion I will advert to one fact. The Senator from
California spoke of Judge Terry using his moral
influence; but it inuwt be considered that he inter-
posed with a deadly weapon when he was not
attacked himself.
Mr. WELLE 11, That is not the fact. Judge
Terry had a weapon in his hand, and an attempt
was made by a man to wrest it from him.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. But he was pro-
tecting a person whom the police of the commit-
tee were in pursuit of; but I will not go into that
matter. The only object which I iutd in view
was to show the high character of Judge Terry,
and to explain some of the circumstances which,
as I understood, were connected with the trans-
action.
Mr. HOUSTON. The direction which has
been given to the memorial will supersede the
necessity of further remark. For the purpose of
having it deliberately considered by one of the
most sage and wise committees of the body, I
have thought proper to move to refer it to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Undoubtedly I
regard that as very proper. I think we ought to
consider it; but I wanted to guard against the
idea, that Congress or the Executive should take
up this subject hastily, and without due deliber-
ation plunge us into a course of action which no
man, I am sure, can contemplate without reluc-
tance. If there is any mode of temporizing, even :
by adopting expedients, it would be better than
by proceeding rashly to cause the effusion of
blood.
The memorial was referred to the Committee j
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The bill (S. No. 466) to alter and amend the
act of Congress entitled "An act to reorganize
the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas," ap-
proved May 30, 1854, introduced yestenlay by
Mr. Crittenden, was read the second tune.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe it has been under-
stood that we should confine ourselves, this ses-
sion, only to the business of making appropria-
tions for the Army. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BELL, of* Tennessee. I appeal to the j
Senator from Virginia . i
Mr. HUNTER. As the Senator from Ten- ■
nessee was kind enough to withhold his speech
to enable me to have my motion to adhere acted
upon, I withdraw this motfon to lay the bill on
the table; but I give notice that I shall make the
motion after he shall have concluded.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
think the provisions of the bill of the distin-
guished Senator from Kentucky are so plausible,
at least, and present so many considerations
worthy of reflection and meditation, as a remedy
for existing evils in Kansas, tl\at it requires fur-
ther consideration than has been given to it. The
honorable and distinguished Senator from Ken-
tucky informed me of the substantial provisions
of the bill, so that I might offer suggestions as to
amendments in detail. Upon the whole, (though
not calculated to afford any absolute relief, though
not promising to close up this difficulty entirely
and forever,) it seemed to me to afford a mitiga-
tion of the present evils, and some mode of com-
posing the distractions of the country which have
arisen from that state of things, well worthy of
experiment. I am perfectly aware of the diffi-
culty which I shall have, when there is no ques-
tion before the Senate that seems to interest any
but a very small minority, of making my views
felt, or presenting them in such a manner as to
deserve the serious consideration of a settled ma-
jority, on the points which have been raised be-
tween the two Houses of Congress. I feel such
a diffidence, in this respect, that I am almost
inclined to take my seat. 1 have heretofore ex-
pressed my opinions on the general question. I
entertain some views now, that I should desire
to present in a very respectful manner, and, so
far as 1 can, in a manner quite conciliatory to the
feelings of the majority of this body, if I can be
indulged m the courtesy which is sometimes con-
ceded to Senators.
I have shown, heretofore, Mr. Piesident, by
the votes which I have given on the question of
disagreement between the two Houses, that I
thought the majority of the Senate justified in the
course which they have taken upon the principle
assumed by them, in rejecting the proviso of the
House, and in persisting in their disagreement
to that proviso. I thought there was a great
principle involved which would justify the course
of the Senate, and I have concurred with the ma-
jority in their votes upon it. I am not now pre-
pared to retracc my steps, but 1 wish to suggest
some considerations which, perhaps, may cause
reflecting minds to pause a little before they take
the position which I understand has been taken by
the organs in this body of the sentiment of the
majority, that they will do nothing in the shape
of modifying that'proviso, in any form, in order
to secure the passage of the Army appropriation
hill; and not only that, but that they will make
no concession on any other point connected with
this whole distracting question, exccpt on an
understanding that the House will recede from
the proviso, if the Senate should send them a
separate bill, simply repealing the obnoxious
Kansas laws. I state their position fully and
truly, because the force of anything I have to say
will depend upon the correctness of the premises
which I lay down.
If i am right in the supposition that this is the
furthest concession, the ultima thule to which the
majority of this body will go to secure the pas-
sage of the Army appropriation bill, or to arrest
the disturbance in Kansas by legislation, and if
I am not mistaken the honorable Senator from
Virginia announced that sentiment, I must say
that I differ from them loto ca'lo. I wish to qual-
ify this remark by adding that I have no allusion
to a retracing of the mam step taken by this body
two years ago—the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise. If its restoration should ever be pre-
sented as a piactical question for the safety of
this country and the Union, it will then be time
enough for me to take my position and present
my sentiments. I hope to God no such issue will
be presented.
I make these preliminary statements in order
to show, that in anything which I have to say, I
make no reference to the position taken by a ma-
jority of this body in regard to the repeal of the
Missouri compromise two years ago, however it
may be that from that step has originated conse-
quences probably not foreseen by the authors of
it, and certainly not all of them, though many of
them foreseen or conjectured by myself. The
position announced by the honorable Senatorfrom
Virginia, as I understand it, is, that he will agree
to nothing in the way of a modification of the
House proviso, or by any new bill, to secure the
passage of the Army appropriation bill, or do any-
thing for the purpose of arresting the difficulties
now in Kansas, except by a separate bill to repeal
the obnoxious laws of the Legislature of Kansas,
upon an understanding that that shall be accept-
able to the House, and shall be taken as so far
conciliatory as to induce them to pass the appro-
priation bill. I base my argument upon this
position.
Mr. President, the Senator from Virginia, an
able man, who has, in the most candid manner,
avowed the grounds on which he has taken this
position, has said that the majority of this body
act on the ground which he thus announced; be-
cause, to do otherwise, would be to recede from
the principle adopted by them two years ago,
which he expressly states has been the basis of
an organization of a great party in this country.
He says they have been exposed already to too
many hazards to give it up in the present state
of things, in view of any consequences that may
ensue from adherence to it. I beg to say that I
do not refer, in this, to the original principle of
repealingthe Missouri compromise, but to those
provisions of the Nebraska bill providing a
Legislature for the Territory of Kansas, the
practical operation of which we see before us to-
day. These practical results have no effect on
his mind, or the mind of the party whom he
represents, to induce them to change that in the
slightest degree, except to the extent already
stated, of repealing the unconstitutional laws, if
they could learn that that would be accepted as
satisfactory. Am I wrong?
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from Ten-
nessee did not understand me as saying that we
should adhere to it because we were committed
to it on party grounds; but because wc believed
it to be right.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Undoubtedly; but
I meant that these gentlemen are committed to it
as a party, which is strong and powerful, and
their prospects are good. I expressly said they
put themselves on the position that they would
not budge. What is the inference from that?
Whatever may come — blood, fierce civil strife,
the dogs of civil war may be unleashed not orly
in Kansas, but everywhere else in the Union; and
yet they will not budge from their principle of
popular sovereignty, if you please to call it so,
which forbids them to touch the powers granted
by the Kansas-Nebraska act to the people of that
Territory. I am not going to enlarge upon that;
I merely wish to ask whether that idea is tenable ?
I will not ask whether it is a fit one to be avowed
in the Senate, because that would seem to be per-
sonally disrespectful; but, I ask, is it possible that
there are no extremes of consequences which can
arise from the practical operation of that act that
will not induce the majority who enacted it to
modify it, to change it, to go back to a different
form of territorial government as proposed by
the distinguished Senatorfrom Kentucky; to try
another experiment, but not to disturb the prin-
ciple of the repeal of what was considered an un-
constitutional law or compromise? You will not
interfere with, or change, or modify, the particu-
lar form of government established by the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill. I ask whether any great party
can stand upon such a principle as that? Are they
to remain with their arms folded, though unfore-
seen consequences arise? They are not even
required to sacrifice pride of opinion, because here
a state of things has arisen which could not have
been foreseen. They stand out obstinately on
the ground that they have taken their position,
and must abide by that position individually, as
a party, and the country must abide by it also.
That is the ground of action which is assumed.
A word now in reference to the distinct specific
ground on which all measures of conciliation in
regard to this proviso are rejected. The honor-
able Senator from Virginia has assumed in behalf
of the majority, whose representative he is — I
mean nothing disrespectful or disparaging in al-
luding to the fact that he is emphatically the organ
—that it would never do to yield anything to such
a demand as is made by the House of Represent-
atives, of passing the Army appropriation bill on
a condition.
