1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
34th Cong....1st Sess.
South Carolina and Massachusetts—Mr. Evans.
Senate.
lion and resistance to the law. That seemed to
be his first object. His second object was, to
assail and vituperate my respected friend and
colleague, [Mr. Butler;] to heap all the oppro-
brium he could on the slave States generally,
and the State of South Carolina in particular.
To (his, sir, was added the further object of mag-
nifying, as far as in him lay, the present condi-
tion, and former, and particularly the revolu-
tionary, services of the State of Massachusetts.
Now, sir, upon each of these subjects 1 have
something to say—very little, indeed, in relation
to Kansas. Sir, iny heart bleeds at the unhappy
condition of that country. The efforts wnich
have been made, from the time of the passage of
the Kansas bill, to defeat its operation by means
which 1 believe originated in this Hall, have been
incessant and without any remission. Mr. Pres-
ident, I am an old man; and for the last thirty
years of my life, the business of it has been to
endeavor to arrive dispassionately at just conclu-
sions. I am too old to be excitea by party con-
flicts. I have therefore endeavored to turn my
attention to this subject as dispassionately as I
could; and the deliberate judgment to which I
have come is, that if the people of Kansas—the
pro-slavery and anti-slavery party—had been suf-
fered to act for themselves, the unhappy condi-
tion in which that country is now placed would
never have existed. But, sir, the politicians—
those who live by excitement—would not let this
matter rest. I have no doubt you will remember,
sir, that before the Kansas bill was pasj&d, hun-
dreds of thousands of pamphlets were distributed
through this land, for the purpose of exciting the
public prejudice against it. It was branded as a
fraud, as a swindle, as a breach of faith on the
part of the South. Those pamphlets were echoed
Dack by the remonstrances of three thousand
New England clergymen, and laymen without
number.
Mr. President, I beg to ask what was this
plighted faith which it is charged that the South
violated in the Kansas bill ? What was it? It
was simply the repeal of the Missouri restriction
—I do not call it compromise, because i' partakes
of nothing of the nature of a compact or compro-
mise. Well, sir, what was that Missouri restric-
tion? I do not propose to enter into a discussion
of it. I desire simply to say that it was an act of
Congress. When Missouri came here requiring
admission as a State, objection was made that she
was a slave State. Missouri had a right, I pre-
sume, to decide this matter for herself. She was i
settled mainly from Virginia and other slavehold- '
Log States. Slavery existed there extensively, {
aid had existed there before the purchase of
Louisiana, of which it was a part. Well, sir, for !
the sake of peace, after there had been much J
discussion on the subject, the South, headed by
Mr. Lowndes, agreed that Missouri should be ad-
mitted, and that after that time no slavery should
exist beyond a certain line. As I said before,
this was a mere act of Congress. The North
gave nothing for it. They had no right to object
to the admission of Missouri as a slaveholding
State. It was usurpation in them to pretend that
they had a right to exclude her. If, then, the
North had no right to object, she gave nothing
for this plighted faith of the South, as it is called.
It was simply an act of Congress, subject to repeal
whenever Congress thought proper to repeal it.
If, sir, there was any inducement on the part
of the South to assent to this Missouri restriction,
it was the belief, which they had a right to ex-
pect, that the slavery agitation should cease.
They had surrendered a portion of their territory,
that to which they had as good a title as any
other portion of this Union,and they had a right
to expect that the slavery agitation would cease.
If anybody has a right to complain of this breach
of faith, it is the South. The slavery agitation
has been continued from 1820 up to this time;
of the question of slavery; and on that I have
something to say, though but very little. Sir,
the South—the slave States—are not propagand-
ists; they are content with their institutions as
they are; they are content with that form of civ-
ilization whicn exists amongst them; they desire
not to extend it to New England or to any other
portion of the United States, who do not choose
to receive it. But, sir, whilst they are willing to
do this, there is nothing in their nature, and there
is nothing in their institutions, which inclines
them to submit tamely to any aggressions on their
rights. If slavery lie a sin, it is ours, and we
are willing to bear it. Neither New England nor
any other section of the country comes in for any
participation of it. If, as has been said, it is an
incubus on the advance of civilization—if it is an
incubus on the energies of any people—that in-
cubus rests on our people, and does not paralyze
any other section. If we are willing to bear it, wh y
should others desire to relieve us of that of which
we do not complain ?
But it is said, "You are not content to keep
1 your institutions in your own section, but you
desire to extend them to Kansas." Well, sir,
if we desire to extend them to Kansas, have we
not a right to do so ? Does not Kansas belong
in part to the Louisiana purchase ? Did we not
pay equally—I do not say we paid more—but we
Fiaid our full share of the price of that country,
f gentlemen wish to know why we particularly
desire to have Kansas, I can tell them. If the sla-
very agitation had ceased, and if, after the Mis-
' souri compromise, those who live in the free
States would have been content to allow things
to remain as they were, there would never have
I been any movement to change that understanding
| between the two sections of the country. But,
sir, no sooner had they succeeded in placing the
Missouri restriction on our settlement of that
| northwestern country , than both Houses of Con-
gress were flooded with petitions to abolish sla-
| very in the District of Columbia, to abolish what
' was called the slave trade between the States, and,
. more than that, to abolish it in the forts and gar-
i risons and every other place over which Congress
had any jurisdiction. Did I not hear the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] say, that
it was the intention of his party to abolish sla-
very in the Territories, in the District of Colum-
bia, and everywhere elsewhere they had power?
If they will abolish it wherever they have the
power, they will get the power whenever they can.
The same spirit which would exercise the power
will get the power whenever it can. Let any man
cast his eye on the map of this immense domain,
extending from the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean,
and he will see a space there, outside of the ex-
isting States, abundantly large to make States
enough to give the gentlemen what they desire.
Whenever you have sixty States in this Union,
three fourths of them can alter the Constitution,
and abolish slavery everywhere. You have
thirty-one now; you want only twenty-nine.
Where are they to come from ? Kansas and Ne-
braska can make six; New Mexico will make
half as many; California may be well divided into
three States; and there is no doubt of the fact, I
venture to say, that within the next forty or fifty
years it will be accomplished—that' the Indians
will be driven out, and those large territories, ex-
tending from the Atlantic to the Pacific, will be
divided intoStatesof this Union. Wasitstrange,
then, that the South should be alarmed at this
state of things? I did not hear it; but I have un-
derstood that, in 1850, a Senator here from one of
the free States said their object was to build a
wall around slavery—a wall of freemen, to render
slave property unproductive, and to force its
emancipation.
Mr. BUTLER. " Cordon," was the word.
Mr. EYANS. Well, sir, Kansas, although it
is but one State when added, will be good against
three more. And was it strange, then, that the
there has been no remission in it. If it has par- j         j
tially died out on some occasions, the first oppor- 1 j South should desire possession of Kansas merely
tunity which presented itself has been seized to J | as a guarantee ? There is no pretense that they
revive it with still greater virulence. ;; can occupy any other portion of that immense
Mr. President, fdo not propose to go further ! region. Everybody knows that slavery will not
on this subject. It has been so oflen discussed
that it would be an unnecessary waste of the
time of the Senate for me to attempt to discuss it
again; but this agitation seems to bot* Arisen Out
do for a farming country merely. It is of no value
in a graining country; it is of no value in the
mechanic arts; it can only be used to advantage
if  (he cultivation of the great staples. There is
no pretense that any one of the great staples that
constitute the great material of our foreign com-
merce, can be cultivated anywhere within the
limits of these Territories outside of the Territory
of Kansas. I ought, Mr. President, to say, in
this connection, that, although 1 have expressed
our fears as to the future, yet, with such gentle-
men as I see around me from the free States, I
have nothing to fear. I know that the honorable
Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Foster] would
do no such act of foul injustice as to interfere
with slavery in the States. And if the question
was to-morrow, whether the Constitution should
be altered, and this great and crying wrong per-
petrated, he would not do it; and I can say the
same of many others whom I see here to-day;
but can I forget, or can anybody forget, what is
the progress of this thing ? Why, sir, was not
Daniel Webster refused the use of Faneuil Hall
because it was supposed he had expressed some
degree .of toleration for the institutionof slavery?
Whatguarantee have I—what guarantee can any-
body have, that, in twenty or thirty years from
this time, those who are here now will not be
elbowed out as they have been in some of the
States by some more illiberal persons than them-
selves?
These, Mr. President, are the reasons why we
desire Kansas; but it was not allowed. The very
instant it was opened to the slave population, that
instant there sprung up a contrivance—a machin-
ery was set in operation of which I do not choose
to speak—the object of which was to defeat this
act of Congress, and, as was said by the Senator
from Massachusettss, to devote this Territory to
freedom. Well, sir, if they can devote it to free
population in the ordinary way, without the use
of this new scheme of immigration of which he
opake—and which I suppose is that which has
been in operation—if they can get possession of
it without resort to this new scheme of immigra-
tion, we cannot object; I, for one, would not
object.
Mr. President, I now propose to submit some
remarks on this hated subject of slavery. Sir, I
am not frightened by a name. A wise legislator
looks to things as they are; and he who would
legislate for this great Republic must look to it
as it is. A state of things exist here which, per-
haps, exists nowhere else; but it is here, and you
must deal with it as a wise and honest man should.
I do not mean in any remarks which I shall make
to reproach Massachusetts, or any other State
or section of the world, on the subject of the slave
trade. It is true that, at least so far as South
Carolina is concerned, we participated very little
in it. Some few ships were fitted out in Charles-
ton, but I doubt if a native of the State ever had
any participation in it. But, sir, I reproach no-
body for it. At that period in the history of the-
world, it was thought right. There was the con-
current testimony of the civilized world that, to
capture the wild savage of Africa; and reduce him
toastateof subjection, to feed and clothe him, and
civilize him, and Christianize him was no wrong ?
I say, therefore, that I reproach no man for it.
We followed only the popular sentiment which
prevailed in the world. But, sir, I think we have
a right to complain, and it is the only complaint
on this subject! have to make, that, if others have
tone before us, if we have been outstripped in
nding out that this system was wrong, those
persons who have been thus fortunate will let us
alone until we ourselves' become sufficiently en-
lightened to concur in their opinion. This, we
think, we have the right to ask; this is all we do
ask.
I propose to enter into no ethnological inquiry
about the unity of the races. . My own opinion,
my own judgment is, that we are all one—proba-
bly d^pcended from a common ancestor; but that
is very immaterial. We find men different on
the face of the earth—as different as they would
be if they were not descended from a common
ancestor ; but in relation to the African, ho man
in this House, and no man out of it, can say that
there is any corner of this earth, upon which the
African race are as well off, as well provided for, >
with more of the elements of happiness, than
in the slave part of these United States. I assert
it without the fear of contradiction. I know not
from whenee it has com*; but this I know, that
