72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 29.
present moment ? I shall not attempt to present
any picture, because it would have to be draped
jn colors of blood, of almost fraternal slaughter.
What is it in reality? A condition of things
Exists there in which the exercise of civil gov-
ernment in the ordinary forms sanctioned by the
practice of ourselves and our fathers is impos-
sible—in which an impartial trial by jury, or the
impartial exercise of judicial or ministerial func-
tions, is impost le. One half of the Territory is
armed against the other, each hostile in feeling
and in sentiment upon the great question which
divides them, and- also inflamed by feelings of
fesentment for outrages mutually received and
perpetrated, Is that a state of society in which
you can expect the fair, impartial operation of the
laws or of civil government? Not at all. it is a
country in which anarchy reigns, whore armed
hostile parties are marching in every direction, or
exist ready to spring up at any moment. There
is no such thing as a safe administration of civil
government practicable or possible among a peo-
ple situated as these are at the present moment.
You might as well throw into the same territory
two tribes of Indians who had been engaged in
eternal wars against each other, and oxpcctqniet.
This may be an extreme comparison; butstiil the
parties have such opposite tendencies and feel-
ings, and the causes of resentment and hostility
have been so repeated, on both sides, up to this
time, that the slate of things there has readied the
condition in which private rage and the spirit of
revenge operate upon almost eveiy man in the
Territory, is that a state of society for the cx-
ercise of civil authority? It isj a country of war,
of arms, and we were long ago admonished that
inter grma leges silent. You talk about the oper-
ation of the Kansas organic law, or cml law or
order, in such a Territory us that! It is imprac-
ticable. It might have been practicable at some
previous period. It might afford sonic mitigation
to authorize an election at some future day, but
not now. As the honoiable Senator from Ken-
tucky said yesterday, the idea of a fair and im-
partial election there now, with freedom m the
exercise of the elective franchise 111 Kansas during
this presidential canvass, is preposterous. It is
neither practicable nor possible, and therefore the
wisdom of that portion of his bill which proposes
to abrogate the evistmg government, and place its
power,s in the hands (if one fianied according to
our original piaetiee in rccard (o the Teiritoues.
It is my wish not to make one obsignation
which shall be oflen.sne to any paity m flu Sen-
ate, but it seems to me, that if there ever wa.-j an
occasion which justified an extension of the
powers of the President in order to pieservo the
country from the consequences of the existing
state of things ;is I think 1 enn foresee them, tin's
is that occasion. Kansas, in lite Mtu.tiion in
which her people are now placed, with the pas-
sions by which they are actuated, isaeountiy
in which military authority alone can snpprc;';
insurrc< tiou and pieseive the pence and secure
the enjoyment of ihe rights of prop'': ty. Un-
people can neither sow nor reap m the present
condition of Hung-*. Perhaps all ihe powei which !
the executive branch of this Government now '
has would not be sufficient to bring full protec-
tion and security to the inhabitants of that Terri-
tory. Those honorable Senators who have em-
ployed then- ingenuity and ability to such an
extent in endeavoring to prove that the eiea'tor
lias no power over the ei eatuie—that the poweis
granted to the people of Kansas by the Kansas-
,Nebraska act am ii repealahie, irrevocable, and
unalterable—as much so as a municipal cluu tor
granted to a City—without the consent of those
concerned, atid that no modification eau be mad'-
in the tonus of that act, should have considcied
more caiefully than tin y did Ufoie they enacted
that organic law. i say that this (uHcmment is
undoubtedly sovereign' in the 'LVmiory; and
when you investigate the qu*\s«ion you v,)'! find
timt there is no othet aiUhouty whieli "an inter-
fere, or which has u i ight to pn >ciibe or a! ter an v
power given by tun; GJo/eminent. "When t'"-
honorabie Scnatoi from Vn^i'ni wax iMt-'in^
that organic law, did he consder thif he ua^
putting together a pi"ce of n.tworV, a web, The
mesh"s ot which were so strong as forever to
conti ol and to confine tins giant Government of
oius, and that he was binding it with cords
wmch could 'not be burst, and that whatever
might be its fate, this Government, as a result
from thatfastcningand the twining of those cords
around it, must become the victim of the policy
of that law, and that the Government must perish
if it could not release itself from .such meshes?
What is their condition now? As I understand
the argument on the other side, though civil war
may be the consequence, not only in Kansas but
in Missouri and Iowa and Arkansas, and though
it may spread over our whole country, gentlemen
are bound by the inexorable principles of that
law to do nothing! That is the way in which I
understand the Senator from Virginia. If I do
not understand him correctly, I desire to be cor-
rected.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator certainly mis-
understands me. I never said that this law was
irrepealable, or that if it was found to lead to mis-
chiefs the Democratic party were so committed
to it that they could not, or ought not to, repeal
it. I said they were committed to that act in
principle, that they believed it to be right, and
that unless it could be shown to be wrong they
were certainly not going to change itnow. I have
not entered into the various remedies which have
been suggested. I may not believe, and I do not
believe, that any of them would be efficient.
There is none which I have heard that 1 have
supposed would tend to put an end to the troubles
in Kansas—surely not the repeal of those laws,
for that would only alFcct political issues. The
only feasible plan i have heard suggested is that
of strengthening the hands of the President, if
his pi esent power be not sufficient. I never said
that was inconsistent with the act.
AJr. PELL, of Tennessee. 1 believe the dis-
tinguished .Senator from Louisiana took the
ground that the organic act was unalterable—that
we could not change it. I am iilad to hear the
declaration which the honoiable Senator from
Virginia hasjust made. I have been speaking
m reference to the practical operation of the so-
called principle of popular soveieignty, if it has led
to these mischiefs. Does the honorable Senator
think these mischiefs aie not sufficiently devel-
oped, not sufficiently manifest, not sufficiently
important, to demand our interposition?
Air. HUNTEIJ The Senator is now asking
a very complicated question of principle and fact,
which it would take a long time to answer. I am
sure he would not give way to allow nic to answer
I it, to the length which the question requires. I
J submit to him that it is hardly fair in the course
! of Ins speech to be propounding questions to me
winch it would take, me a day to answer.
Air. PELL, of Tennessee. I will not press the
Senator on that point. I am glad that he has con-
ceded what I feaied lie w« uld not concede, that
when these mischiefs are of graver and more
difficult import than could have been e\p< cied,
and w hen gent iemen .see that the modus operandi of !
tin* principle winch they adopted in the Nebraska '
bill, is impracticable and inconsistent with the
p< oce and safety of ihe country, they may mod- ,
it"y it. 1 desno to be understood. Let gentlemen [
know that I am nor, speaking of tin: modification 1
or lepeal of that poi tion of the bill which wiped I
out tlie Missouu compromise, but of those pro- 1
visions which are shown to be impracticable, and |
have led to tlie consequences that threaten the j
peace and security of the Government. It is !
iiom them that the state of things has arisen in I
Kansas, when law and order cannot prevail, i
Their prevalence now is inconsistent with human I
nature—ineousi^n nt with the known passions of;
our kind. 'J lie condition of affairs there is such, j
that the honorable Senator from Vuginia and I
mysei fuml other Senators, if we went the re, won Id j
probably ho aruiycd upon the same wide or op-,
pnsite sides, according to the inclinations, habits, !
and education of our life, and become as furious, !
and fiery perhaps, us any inhabitant now there. ■
It is vam to expect the reign of law and order '
and civil irovermnent m Kansas while there are :
so many causes to add to the unhappy exctto-
mrnf w Inch now pervades that Territory. Aly :
apprehension i^ as f have endeavored toexplain
to in" honorable Senator from Ohio, that things 1
wdl piwt ed to such lengths in Kansas and the1
in smithes ing Stati s, as to be beyond the control
o! the Senate, or the House of Representatives, j
or the President, or all united. The people of '
this country, contrary to the convictions of their i
deliberate judgment, and wisdom, and wishes,1
may be drawn into the vortex of civil war. This
deserves to be considered before we adjourn, and
it should be placed beyond the reach of possible
contingency.
If we have the power to repeal or change the
organic law —and here is a state of society in
which, I think, all sensible men, on reflection,will
^see it isimpossible to control under the presentcir-
cumstances of the country and the inducements
to further excitement—is it not a case for our in-
terposition ? There may be an exaggeration for
popular effect elsewhere of the difficulties there,
but all must agree that it is not a fit community
for the exercise of civil authority. Then arm the
President with sufficient power. These occur-
rences have taken place not in a State but in a
Territory, where we are not limited by the Con-
stitution, except by its spirit. Although I know
it would be a large and dangerous power, 1 am
willing to arm the President with the power of
governing that Territory by military authority,
until these disturbances sh.il! bo effectually re-
pressed—until the time shall come when in the
opinion of the President and the country gener-
ally, if you please, there shall no longer be any
necessity for such extraordinary power. I would
give him the power by high military authority or
by martial law to govern the Tenitory.
There is one other mode. You admit that there
is a power to repeal the organic law. We do
not know how it might operate under other cir-
cumstances, after the presidential election shall
have passed away. Then what is the objection
to suspending its operation until the 1st of
December or the 4th of March, and aiming
the President with additional power, requiring
him to keep the peace on the borders, and in Kan-
sas, and wherever he has the ri^ht under tho
Federal Constitution to move his forces? What
is the objection to suspending the operation of
all enactments there, whether constitutional or
unconstitutional, whether in conformity with the
organic law or not, until the people of that Ter-
ritory, the people of the neighboring States, and
the people of the North and of the South, shall
be in a condition to form a calm and delibeiate
judgment as to what we should do to heal these
divisions permanently. The last section of the
bill tendered by the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky may be amended in such manner as to
give this power sufficiently. I do not care about
the terms in which the power is given. I would
arm the President with sufficient power, and then
let the responsibility rest upon lnm, with his ac-
countability to public opinion, to carry it out im-
partially and properly. What injury would this
work to the inhabitants of the Terntoiy ofrKan-
sas? What they want is peace. What they want
is to enjoy their property. What thuy want is
to be permitted to improve their property, to sow
and to reap m security. If the laws there were
suspended until the 4.n ofAIarch, there would
be no over-earnest or paiticuiar interest for emi-
gration passing through the. States, where it has
been hitherto obstructed, because there would bo
nothing to be decided there, every question would
be m abeyance, and iheic would be the certainty
that at some future day they would be at liberty
to go on when the country would be in a state to
guaranty peace in this Government and on the
popular mind.
1 trust the Senate and House of Representative?
will remain in session until some measure be
adopted to prevent a state of things which, in my
opinion, irrespective of party considerations,will
rise to such a complexion m Kansas and in the
ncighboimg States as to be beyond our control
when we meet here in December,and beyond tho
control of the President or of all the States together.
It is against (Ms that I desire to guard. I merely
throw out these suggestions: and if the Senate
continues m session, and we do not adjourn in a
short time, 1 shall probably present a proposition
m such a shape as I think will carry out these
principles.
Air. HUNTER. I move to lay tho bill on the
table.
Mr. "WADE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Air. HUNTER. We had better take the qucs- .
tion to-morrow, as the Senate is thin. I move an
adjournment.
Air. MASON. I hope my colleague will with-
draw that motion. We have a quorum here, I
