704
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL PiGBE,
[June 23,
34th Oong....1st Sess.
South Carolina and Massachusetts—Mr. Evans.
Senati.
the Africans were slaves i& the days of the Pha-
raohs ; that nine out often of them are slaves in
their native land; and that in no country of which
I am aware are they received upon an equality
with the white race. In confirmation of the fact
which I have just stated, that nine out of ten of
them are slaves in their own country, I beg leave
to refer to an incident in Park's travels in Africa.
In the year, 1796, after having visited the interior,
when he returned to the coast of Senegal, finding
no vessel hound for Europe, he took passage in
a slaveship, bound for Charleston. In that ship
there were one hundred and sixty Africans. Hav-
ing been a year in their country, he understood
their language, and was able to converse with
them. He found that, of the whole one hundred
and sixty, only four had been boni free. The
Feat .were slaves. If any man desires to kfiow
What is the state of slavery in Africa, let him read
Park, and Lander, and the recent book of Cap-
tain Canot.
Many of the negroes at the South are intelligent,
although they have not much mental culture—
certainly very little that is derived from books.
They are an improving people—improving in in-
telligence and in morels. I have no doubt that
the time will come when God will work out his
own problem in relation to Africa. Carlyle says, I
think with some truth, that all the great events in
the history of nan have generally been produced
by a single individual* or by but very few; that
the great reformation in religion was produced by
Luther; that Cromwell and his associates in Eng-
land produced a wondrous change in the notions
of mankind, in relation to civil and religious lib-
arty; that a new impetus was given to this ball by
the American Revolution, of which Washington
Was the chosen instrument of Providence to ac-
complish. Sir, for aught I know, it may be that,
in the providence of Godwin his own proper time,
a deliverance will be worked out for this race.
At present they are not fit for it, but they are
going on in improvement, both mentally and mor-
ally. Of one thing I am  uro—when that time
arrives, some more fit instrument will be used
lhan those who have now thrust themselves into
this business, prematurely, and in a manner
wholly uncalled for. I doubt very m uch whether
Parson Beecher will be a chosen instrument in the
hands of God for the purpose of effecting this or
any other great and beneficial change in the affairs
of mankind.
Sir, as I said before, I am not frightened by
names. I am not alarmed by the fear that I shall
he held np in some future fourth of July speech,
or some college oration, or in the columns of some
filthy newspaper, as the advocate of slavery.
That has no terrors for me. I stand here to legis-
late for this country as it is. If the institijtion
of slavery be an evil, to whom is it an evil ? Is
it to the master ? What injurious effect does it
produce upon him? Is he not as much of a gen-
tleman, is he not as moral a man, is he not as
pious and religious a man, is he not as distin-
guished for all the cardinal virtues as the people
of any country on the face of the earth ? If he is
not, I have not found out the fact.
If it be an evil to the African, where, I ask, is
his condition better? Is it in AJxica? Let Park
and the travelers in that country answer the
question. Is his condition better in Hayti or
Jamaica? Let those who desire correct informa-
tion on that point go to some fountain of trath,
and they will find u. I would recommend every
man who embarks in this controversy with the
hope of bettering the condition of the African, to
read the letter of Governor Wood, of Ohio. On
his war to his consulate in South America he
shopped at Jamaica. _ Let any man read what he
says, and compare it with what he may see at
the South—not what he has read in Mrs. Stywe's
novel—and he will find the truth of what I assert,
that the condition of the African is better in our
southern States than in any of those countries
in which he has been emancipated.
I ask, further, is his condition better in the
East? Is a free negro in New England as well
off as a slave who has a good master ? and nine
out of ten, I believe I might say ninety-nine out of
a hundred, are good masters. Let the facts speak
for themselves. Look at the census. Although
emancipation has been going on, and fugitives
have been flying to the free States, the census
phows that, in the slave States, the slave popula-
tion has increased infinitely beyond the increase
of the free people of color, with all these append-
ages, in the free States. If you go to the records
of pauperism and poverty, what do you find?
You find that he is a being infinitely more de-
graded than the white man. In 1850, in the State
of Massachusetts, with a population of over
900,000 white inhabitants, there were 389 con-
victs in her penitentiaries, and 47 black convicts
out of a negro population of 9,000. In Connecti-
cut, there were 146 white and 30 black convicts
in her penitentiary. In New York, you find the
same disproportion.
The result is, that in Massachusetts there is 1
white convict out of every 2,522 whites, and 1
black convict for every 262 negroes. In New
York, there is 1 white convict in 2,056, and 1
black convict in 142. In Virginia, there is 1 white
convict in 5,570, and 1 black convict in 11,600.
I do not suppose that these figures present ex-
actly a correct statement in relation to Virginia,
for 1 suppose the slaves there are not punished ity
such a way as to exhibit in prison returns the full
result of crime. I presume they are punished, as
in South Carolina, in some summary way of
which no special record is kept; but, so far as
Massachusetts and New York are concerned, the
question is settled beyond all controversy.
The rapid increase of population in the ordi-
nary way is looked upon by all writers as one
of the strongest evidences of the bodily comfort
at least, of the subjects of it. Crime and pauper-
ism are the fruits, not of comfort and independ-
I ence, but of want and destitution. The fact, that
in Massachusetts there is 1 white convict out of
2,522, and 1 black convict out of 262, exhibits a
state of things, showing beyond all question that
in those regions of boasted freedom the black
man is in a sad condition.
I am sorry, sir, that necessity compels me to
speak of the absent Senator from Massachu-
! setts. I do not intend to use his own language,
j or to he unmindful of what is due to myself, but
i I have to speak of his facts. What could be the
object of the wondrous tirade which we heard
from him about freedom ? Does he mean that,
in the state of things which exists in this coun-
try, he thinks it desirable to turn loose three mil-
lions of Africans ? If he does, he means what
few people besides himself—few considerate peo
pie—would suppose to be practicable. The Sen-
atorfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,J who is
present, has defined his position. He disclaims
any right to interfere with slavery in the States.
It is a fair inference, as I have already remarked,
that, though he is now restrained by the Consti-
tion, he would do it if he had the power; but in
that I may do him injustice. The other Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Summer} has never, I
believe, defined his position on this point. He
has never said—in fact the contrary is to be in-
ferred—that the Constitution affords us any guar-
antee. 1 suppose, then, (to borrow a manufac-
turer's term,) that he belongs to that stripe of the
anti-slavery party who deny that the Constitu-
tion has guarantied slavery, and who contend
that Congress has the power to abolish it, and is
in duty bound to exercise the power as soon as
it can. This is the doctrine of Garrison, and of
some papers which are sent to me every day—
among the rest, one called the Radical Abolition-
ist. If such be the Senator's views, I can only
say that they are utterly impracticable. 1 shall
not waste the time of tne Senate in discussing
such a scheme. If it is to be done on payment
of the value of the slaves, £1,000,000,000 will
not pay for them. If they are to be emancipated
and sent to Africa, that sum will not pay the ex-
pense of their transportation and maintenance
there until they are able to maintain themselves.
If the objeetof that party be to emancipate them,
and leave them in the States, it requires no sa-
gacity to see what will be the result.
Sir, between the white man, North and South,
and the black man, there is a deep, an impassable
gulf. It is as manifest at the North as at the South.
In 1847, I traveled through New England and
New York. I was ten days in Boston and three
weeks in New York. Ihiring all that time I
never saw a negro at work. It is w*in known
there that a white man will not work with him.
This with some people is the objection to allow-
ing slaves to go to Kansas. They say the white
man will not work with the negro. If there be
any man who in his senses believes that the
negro's condition would be bettered by emanci-
pation now, I have never met him, unless he be
one of those whom I have seen and heard on this
floor. 1 need not say, what is obvious to every-
body who knows anything about the matter, that
his condition would be infinitely worse.
If these declamations about freedom, and these
commiserations for the poor negro's condition,
have any meaning—if they are to result in any-
thing, I should suppose they would result in
something to better his condition. Now, will
his condition be bettered? No man, I think,
will rise here in his place and say that it will.
! But another fruitful subject of declamation—
i the Senator from Massachusetts spoke largely
about it—is, that we send little children to the
auction block—that we part husband and wife.
I can inform him that this act which he thus justly
j denounces is as much denunciated in the State
of South Carolina as in Massachusetts. Sir, I live
in a slave eountry; I live in a district in which
the slave population exceeds the white by two
thirds; and yet I affirm here, that I have never
known an instance in which a separation has
been made between husband and wife, or, as I
have heard, mother and her children. If gentle-
men will look at the census, they will see that by
far the greater part of the slaveholders own from
one to ten slaves. When you come, on the par-
tition of estates, to divide that number between
families, there must necessarily be some separa-
tion; but as to putting them on the block, and
selling them to anybody who may choose to buy,
I never heard of it; I never knew it; and I do not
believe the popular sentiment in any part of South
Carolina would tolerate it for a moment.
In this connection I may say that the man
Legree, who has been held up as the model of
a slaveholder, is no more a representative of
the slaveholders of South Carolina, than a Mas-
sachusetts man, by the name of Knapp, is of
the morals of Massachusetts. Knapp was the
nephew of an aged and respectable old gentleman
who had once been a member of the House of
Representatives, who was eighty years of age,
ana in the ordinary course of nature could have
lived but a few years. His nephew was so
greedy to put his hands on his property that he
hired an assassin to enter his chamber at mid-
night and murder the old man in his deep. I
quote not that as a model of Massachusetts mo-
rality, but it as fairly represents Massachusetts
morality as this fellow Legree does the slave-
holders of the South.
1 am sorry to say—but it is necessary that I
should say, that whatever opinion a northern man
may entertain at home upon the subject of sla-
very, I have never known any Qualms of con-
science to disturb him when ho Came to the
South, and succeeded to this kind of property,
either by purchase, inheritance, or marriage. I
have never known any man who came among us,
no matter where he came from, who, if he re-
moved into a free State, did not put the value of
his slaves in his pocket, and go off with a quiet
and peaceable conscience. I do not blame any-
body for this. If what i have stated of the con-
dition of these people when free be true, he
would have done them an injustice by emancipa-
ting them. If he had carried them to New Eng-
land or New York, the strong probability is that
the penitentiary would have been their doom.
It is very easy to be humane at other people V
expenie. I have known two or three fellows
who went from South Carolina to free States,
and tamed Abolitionists. 1 knew an exceedingly
clever young man, as I supposed him to be, who
removed to Mississippi, and there sold his ne-
groes at $1,000 round. He went to Ohio, and
the next I heard of him he was figuring there in
an abolition meeting, very denunciatory of the
slaveholders. There was another man who went
from my State, who was a Baptist preacher, who
had a large number of negroes. He sold them,
and carried off his money; and the next thing we
heard of him was an entire mailbag full of abo-
lition pamphlets, sent by hint to his friends ia
