THE PONCJRKSSIONAL GLOBE.
715
by the enemy during the last war with Great
Britain; which was referred to the Court of
Claims.
Also, a petition of citizens of Michigan, pray-
ing for a grant of land to aid in the construction
of a railroad from the city of Grand Rapids to
Grand Traverse bay; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of Henry
J. Rodgers, praying for the establishment by
law of a uniform code of marine signals; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of towa, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from Adell to Jefferson, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CASS presented a communication from
Horatio Stone, sculptor, proposing to execute
and erect within the Capitol a statue to represent
4 4 the Republic;" which was referred to the
Committee on the Library.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the heirs of Samuel Ham-
mond, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the representatives of Moses Shepherd
have leave to withdraw their pennon and papers, that they
may be presented to the Couit of Claims.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of citizens of Washington
county, in the District of Columbia, the memorial of citi-
zens of Bladoi^burg, and other portions of Prince Georges
county, Maryland, and the resolution of the Legislature of
Maryland, in relation to the purchase of the Columbia
turnpike road m the Distiict of Columbia, and making the
same toll free, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims be discharged
from the further consideiation of the petition of Benjamin
Lanfiant, and that it be referred to the Court of Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on
Finance, who were instructed by a resolution of
the Senate to inquire into the subject, reported a
bill relating to foreign coins and to the coinage of
cents at the mint of the United States; which was
read a first time, and ordered to a second reading.
He, also, from the same committee, to whomwas
referred the memorial of James Morrow, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations; which was agreed to.
Mr. BIGGS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the memo-
rialof Cezaire Wallace, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for the relief of Cezaire Wallace,
of the parish of Bossier, and State of Louisiana;
which was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading. He submitted a report on the
subject; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of Wil-
liam Merrill and others, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BIGGS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom were referred resolutions
of the Legislature of Michigan, and two petitions
of citizens of Michigan, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill appointing commissioners
to ascertain certain facts relative to private land
claims in the State of Michigan; which was read
a first time, and ordered to asecond reading. He
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
ATCHAFALAYA AND RED RIVERS.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask the consent of the
Senate to have taken up two reports which were
made by the Secretary of War in relation to the
expediency of causing surveys to be made of the
Atchafalaya, and the Falls of the Red river, near
Alexandria, merely for the purpose of having an
order made for their printing. This was neglected
when those reports were presented, and they were
referred to the Committee on Commerce without
an order being made for their printing.
There being no objection, the order forprinting
was made.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. MASON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution to amend
, oy unamm
the act of the 1st of March, 1855, entitled, •' An
act to rcmodpl the diplomatic and consular system
of the United States."
NATIONAL FOUNDERIES.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I submit the following
resolution, and I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to consider it at this time:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing one
or more national founderies.
Mr. President, the Secretary of War, in his
annual report made in December, 1853, recom-
mended the establishment of national founderies.
He used the following language:
" It is not known whether, by the use of the term ' all the
arms of the United States,'' it was intended to include the
heavy guns or cannon. I will however remark, that all
cannon are now made by contract, Congress having made
no provision for a national foundery ; and will take this oc-
casion to recommend an appropriation for that object. The
just admixture of metals, and the casting of bronze pieces,
require much mechanical skill and no little scientific attain-
ment. The examination of ores, and the casting of iron
into cannon, are subjects which have attiacted much con-
sideration from the ordnance department, and present a
wide field for further investigation and experiment. The
rigid inspection which such guns now receive has improved,
and is still improving their quality; but it is believed theie
would be a moie rapid advance m knowledge, and a higher
standard of excellence attained, if the advantage of a na-
tional foundery were possessed."
I hope this resolution of inquiry will be adopted,
and that the Committee on Military Affairs will
take the subject under consideration; and, if the
committee should concur with the Secretary of
War, that an item making an appropriation for
the purchase of a suitable site, and the erection
of the necessary buildings, will be submitted to
some appropriation bill to which it may be ger-
mane.
The resolution was considered, by unanirnous
consent, and agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill from the House of Represent-
atives (H. R, No. 68) to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1856.
Yesterday Mr. Hunter submitted the follow-
ing amendment from the Committee on Finance:
Public Printing To supply deficiencies in the appro-
priation for printing and paper ordered at the first session
of the Thirty-Third Congress, $57,173.
To swppiy deficiencies in the appropriation for printing
of the first session of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, arising
under the joint resolution approved February 27, 1856,
$244,188 95.
Mr. Weller moved to amend the amendment
by adding the following:
To provide for the engraving of the maps accompanying
the reports of the explorations and surveys to determine a '
Pacific railroad route, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of Wai, $49,200.
The pending question being upon the adoption
of Mr. Weller'r amendment—
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the Sena-
tor from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] desires to go
away, and he wishes to be heard on this amend-
ment in regard to the engraving for the Pacific
railroad reports.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have but little to say in
regard to it.
Mr. WELLER. I send to the Chair my
amendment as I propose to modify it, which I
ask may be read, so that the honorable Senator
may understand exactly what is the proposition
before the Senate.
The Secretary read the modified amendment
of Mr. Weller, as follows:
To provide for the engraving of the maps and drawings
accompanying the reports and explorations of surveys to
determines Pacific railroad route, §49,200; and the said
maps and drawings shall be engraved to the satisfaction of
the Secretary of War.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from California
is very well aware that I would agree to anything
which he proposes, if I possibly could. I have no
set speech to make in regard to the amendment;
but I wish to call the attention of the Senate to a
few things, which are constantly transpiring, in
reference to this general subject. I have every
confidence that the War Department would do
what is right; but we have established laws,
already, in regard to printing and engraving, and
we have appointed a superintendent to control
the matter! There has already been a contest in
the Senate in regard to the printing of the Coast
Survey report; and, at almost every step taken
here in regard to special orders for printing, it is
proposed to act in such a manner as to bring the
printing, in each particular ease, outside of the
law, to do it without reference to the general sys-
tem which has already been established bylaw.
Now, I do not think that it is proper to make
the appropriation which is proposed by the Sen-
ator from California. But there is an existing
deficiency in the appropriations forprinting; and
that deficiency has been considered by the Com-
mittee on Finance, and is proposed to be pro-
vided for by the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia. X think the item proposed by the Sen-
ator from California is embraced in that deficiency
as part of the aggregate amount; so that, if you
make the appropriation which he recommends,
there will be a double appropriation for the same
object. That is my understanding, on the in-
formation I have received from the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing. I have called upon him,
and asked him to state whether, in making up
his estimates, he had taken into consideration
this expenditure; and his reply is, that it was in-
cluded in the general estimate.
Mr. WELLER. Will my friend allow me to
correct him ? My understanding is precisely this:
that in the estimates which were read yesterday
by the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
the Superintendent of Public Printing included
an estimate for the amount which can be profit-
ably used in engraving these maps up to the 1st
of July; but he certainly did not intend to inform
the Senator from Arkansas that this appropria-
tion would not be indispensable to complete the
engraving. As a matter of course, the superin-
tendent estimated for the amount that would be
necessary to carry on the work up to the close
of the fiscal year; but, nevertheless, this appro-
priation will be necessary before the engraving
shall be completed.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator's remark ap-
plies only to the question of amount; but I have
other objections to his amendment. There is a
regular system and a standing law by which the
whole subject of printing and engraving is gov-
erned and regulated. Under that system, a regu-
lar estimate was made .up to the time of which
the Senator speaks. Supposing him to be cor-
rect—which I am not prepared to say, but I pre-
sume that he is—why is it that we are called on
in this manner to anticipate in a deficiency bill that
which will be amply provided for in the regular
appropriation bill, as soon as it shall be taken
mrand considered? There is no propriety in it.
/ lam glad to see that the Senator has modified his
amendment; but even after the change which has
been made, it is not altogether satisfactory tome,
viewing the subject in the light which I do. Ought
those who are placed at the head of this parti-
cular branch of the public servico, and who are
expected to see that the laws in relation to it are
properly executed, to be continually compromised
by throwing the supervision everywhere else
than where the law itself has placed it ? Must
there be an ^exception made in every case where
printing is ordered? There is an obligation im-
posed upon the superintendent that the work shall
be well and properly done, and it must also be
executed to the satisfaction of a committee of this
body. Either the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing is not fit for the position which he occupies,
and shouldbe removed, or the execution of works
which the law confides to him ought to be left in
his charge.
I constantly find that there are gentlemen on
this floor—towards whom I and others bear the
most kindly relations—who are willing thus to
compromise that officer m this way; but, sir,
laws and systems are not things that should be
compromised in such a manner. The truth is—
and I call the attention of the Senate to the fact
—that, in regard to this pestiferous subject of
printing, cngraving,and binding, an effort is made
m almost every instance, when the question comes
before the Senate, to have exclusive power given
to some particular individual outside the provis-
ions of the law now in existence. It is wrong.
Upon the slightest proposition for printing from
any bureau or department, an effort is made to
give it in charge to a higher power, by resolutions
of our own which are not in accordance with the
language or with the spirit and intent of the law
as we have understood it, and as it has been
