1442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
a receiver for each or either of the districts created
by the. bill. The third section authorizes the
President to cause the public lands in such dis-
tricts, with the exception of such as have been or
may be reserved for other purposes, to be ex-
posed to sale, in the same manner and upon the
same terms and conditions as other public lands
of the United States.
- Now, sir, if you pass the first section of the
bill you lay on the districts and establish the
offices. Then the duty devolves upon the Presi-
dent, when, in his judgment, the public service
shall require it, to appoint the necessary officers,
and locate the offices. The President may not
think it necessary to appointthose officers daring
the present session of Congress. Whenever he
shall deem it right and proper to appoint them, it
will be his duty, under this bill, to do so; and
when he shall" have appointed them, it will then
be his duty to cause the necessary and proper
estimates to be made, and to ask for the appro-
priations necessary to pay the salaries of the
officers appointed in pursuance of this law, and
to pay the contingent expenses.
There is another appropriation in this bill, to
pay for the survey of these lands. That pro-
vision, also, I consider to be out of place. It
should come in the civil bill, where it is usual for
this House to make appropriations of this kind.
If you strike out the fourth section, which ap-
propriates $40,000 for that purpose, you will
then establish those offices upon the principle
which governs all other offices, and which, I
believe, fixes the salary of the register and re-
ceiver at §500 each, and office fees, which, with
the salary, shall not,cxceed $3,000 per annum.
When the President shall have made the appoint-
ments it will be time enough, and it will then be
the right time, to make the estimate, and to make
an appropriation to defray the expenses incident
upon the establishment of those offices.
There is, however, a provision m the second
section, which, I think, should not be in it. It
is that provision which gives to the President the
power to appoint those officers during the recess
of Congress. 1 believe it has not been the prac-
tice of this Government, and it has not been held
to be within the power of the President to make
original appointments authorised by law, except
by and with the ml vice and consent of the Senate.
When an officer shall once have been appointed,
and a vacancy occurs during the recess, then the
President has the power to fill the vacancy, until
Congress shall again meet, and then be shall
submit the nomination to the Senate for them to
pass upon. Therefore, I move to strike out of
the fourth line of the second section, the words
14 or during tiiereresH thcreof,"and also to strike
out the fourth section.
Mr. BE.YNETT, of NW York. \ think the
gentleman from Tennessee may be right as to the
fourth section. This bill was prepared carefully
at the General Land Office,and sent to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. 1 think the provisions
of the second section are right, for the bill might
passat so late a day of the session that an ap-
pointment could not be made before the-adjourn-
ment; and in that ease, if the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee is adopted, we should
nave no officers until the next Congiess shall
meet; which might delay the operation of "these
offices for some time. As the lands have been
surveyed and are ready for market, facilities
shoulu be immediately nlFordcd for their entry
by those who want them.
As to the fourth section, it is well enough that
it should be in the bill, and the bill is well enough
without it; for if these officers are to be appoint-
ed, there must be some provision m the general
appropriation bill to pay their salaries; and
therefore I do not object to the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee to strike out the fourth
section. I hope the other amendment of the
gentleman will not be agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I hope the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will not insist upon striking out the
$40,000 included in the fourth section/ The bill
was recommended last year, but lost for want of
time; and if the appropriation for the survey is
not made until the passage of the civil and diplo-
matic bill, it will then be too late to commence
operations this year. The country lies between
tpe forty-sixthandforty-ninth degrees,north lat-
Utude, is heavily timbered, and surveyors? can only
work during the fall months;hence the necessity
for an immediate appropriation. The condi-
tion of the country was fully understood by the
Department when the bill was framed. The
citizens are anxious to enter their farms, and I
hope no further obstacles will be thrown in their
way.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I wish to say to
my worthy friends from Tennessee and from
Virginia who made speeches here some short
time since in opposition to grants to railroads,
on account of the wrong done to those who have
received land warrants from the Government, that
the consequence of bringing these large tracts
of land into market will be to raise the price
of land warrants to their original price, and the
holders will be able to realize what they could
have obtained before the grants were made. I
am for bringing into market as much land as can
be disposed of, and that as rapidly as possible.
The greater the quantity of land brought into
market, the greater, of course, wilfbc the facilities
afforded to those who shall be in possession of
land warrants. I understand that there have not
yet been issued half the number of land warrants
to which parties are entitled under the act of
1855. The widows and orphans of revolutionary
soldiers, in whom the gentleman from Tennessee
is so deeply interested, will be benefited in pro-
portion as the quantity of land brought into mar-
ket is more or less large; as the more there shall
be brought in the more valuable will their lnnd
warrants become. 1 hope, therefore, that that
gentleman will throw no obstacles in the way of
establishing land offices, and thereby bringing
into market as much land as possible. I know
his kindness of heart, and how much he is inter-
ested in these widows and orphans of revolution-
ary soldiers*, and I tell him that the measure is
one for their benefit.
Mr. W AS 1113 U UN E, of Illinois. I hope the
committee will pass the bill precisely as it stands,
only striking out the fourth section, from the
fifth line. I think that the bill, with that amend-
ment, should be passed. That these land offices
are necessary, there can be no question. It is not
only for the interest of the settlers, but also for the
interest of the Government, to have land offices
established, so that the Government land claims
can be sold.
In relation to the first part of the fouitb section,
which requires that an appropriation of $4,000 be
made for surveys, I think it very proper that
that appropriation should go in for the purpose,
as stated by the gentleman from Minnesota, of
saving time, so that settlers can go m at once.
But in relation to the last part of the section, pro-
viding for the claims of the officers of the land
offices, 1 do not see us propriety. It is not neces-
sary. And I would move—if the gentleman from
New York, the chmrman of the committee, insists
on his amendment—to amend that amendment
by striking out all of the fourth section, after the
fifth line thereof. The salaries of the land offi-
cers are established by law; and when a bill
for the establishment of a land office passes, the
salaries of the officers commence under the ex-
isting law. Hence there is no necessity for any
provision of the kind ; and I do not know, and
cannot conceive, the reason why it was put in.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should most
cheerfully cooperate with the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Co ?b,] if t could believe that this
bill was mi exception to all others, and was intend-
ed to benefit either those who received bounty land
warrants from the Government, or the actual set-
tlers on land. But if you pass this bill, survey
these lands, olfer them at public sale, and let them
become subject to private entry, what assurance
have we that they would not be immediately
taken out of market again, under the Minnesota
railroad bill? 1 ask that gentleman if his com-
mittee have not now in their hands a bill to grant
alternate sections of public lands for the build-
ing of a railroad in Minnesota ? Is if the object to
make this bill a pioneer to prepare and select the
lands for the railroad to make their selections, and
then to have the remaining alternate sections with-
drawn from market, and not be sold at less than
§2 50 per acre, for which the land warrants is-
sued to the widows and orphans of revolution-
ary soldiers are not to be used ?
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Does the gentleman
want an answer?
Mr. JONES. I ask, if the Comnrttee on
Public Lands have not prepared a Minnesota
railroad bill ?
Mr. COBB. Yes; and I am going to state, that
when that bill comes into the House, my object
is to have the land brought into market, so that
persons entitled to land warrants may locate them.
And I will tell the gentleman further, that I have
in contemplation a bill proposing to receive these
very land warrants, issued to widows and or-
phans, in payment for the lands to be offered for
sale in Minnesota.
Mr. JONES. Well, I hope that, when the
gentleman reports his bill, he will provide for the
holders of those warrants—for those to wh om they
were issued—for those for the services of whose
husbands or fathers they were granted—that
they may use them at the rate of $1 25 per acre;
but that they shall not be used at $1 25 in the
hands of those who buy them up at the depreciated
prices brought about by, and m consequence of,
the railroad grants made at the present session of
Congress. I hope that the gentleman will provide
by his bill, that those to whom the land warrants
have been issued may locate them on any public
land of the Government that has been heretofore
offered for sale at $1 25, and not sold, no matter
where such lands may be, whether on the line of
railroad, or in a State or Territory. I hope the
amendment to the second section will be made,
and that the fourth section will be stricken out.
Mr. McMULLIN. I withdraw my amend-
ment, and accept the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. KEITT. I stated on Saturday, that I
would ask the House to-day to allowme to make
some remarks. I wish now to avail myself of the
opportunity.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I feel constrained to
raise a question of order. I do it with the more
pleasure, because the gentleman is a political
friend. My point of order is, that during this
week—set apart for territorial business—nothing
shall be discussed except on a question legit-
imately before the committee.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, (aside.) That would
not give him latitude.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I make this point of
order, i desire to say that, for four years past,
during the week set apart for territorial business,
I have made this point upon political friends, and
upon political foes; and the Chair has decided
that gentlemen shall confine themselves to the
subject under debate. I make that point of order
now, and with the more pleasure because, it
applies to a gentleman who is my political
friend.
Mr. KEITT. I om aware that the point made
by the member from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
is well taken. I said, on Saturday—not knowing
that territorial business would come up—that I
would, to-day, make some remarks. I was this
morning informed that this week had been set
apart for territorial business, and that, under
the rules of the House, or of the committee, I
could not make the remarks which I proposed to
make unless by unanimous conscnt. 1 desire to
ask unanimous consent. I desire to find out
whether or not I will be permitted to make those
remarks during this time. I have no desire un-
necessarily to press upon the committee any
views or any questions outside of practical legis-
lation. The views which I propose to submit
are not—for I do not mean to take any advantage
of the committee—upon any measure before it,
and will not be on any measure of practical legis-
lation before the House at any period of the
session.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then Isubmitmypoint
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] will notbem order.
Mr. KEITT. Then I desire to inquire of some
of the gentlemen of the committee, how long this
territorial business will occupy the House, and
I will ask the unanimous consent of the House,
at the first opportune moment, to allow me to
make these remarks, for I desire to wash my
hands of this matter.*
Mr. RICHARDSON. This week is set apart
for the consideration of territorial business; and,
so far as I am concerned, I shall make no point
of order except during the time that territorial
! 'iHiue.^s is under discussion. I think, sir, that
