710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
E
clare impracticable, and which you ought to
repeal, it the present practice continues. !
1 humbly and respectfully submit to the Sena- j
tor fioiu California, and to the Senate itself, that !
this punting should take the usual course, and i
the responsibility should
and difficulties to which my friend from Arkan-
sas alludes have been produced by a departure
from the general system. Some years ago we
passed a law authorizing the appointment of a
superintendent, and providing a general system
of public printing;. That system would have
worked well enough; but subsequently a joint
resolution was passed, conferring additional pow-
ers on the superintendent. After that, in an ap-
propriation bill, still further powers were granted
to him, authorizing him to supervise the action
of the heads of the Departments. We have
conferred too much authority on the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing. Tkat was a departure
from the system.
Mr. JOHNSON. Did the Senator never do an
unwise thing, or a thins; which he regretted ?
Does he claim to be infallible? We are liable to
! commit error. 1 think it was wrongto do that to
which he alludes; and therefore I stated, a few
minutes ago, that the Committee on Printing were
unanimous in the opinion that the proviso to
which he objccts ought to be repealed. If the
Senator wishes to indulge in reproaches, and it is
a gratification to his heart to do so, I beg him to
indulge in them.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That was about the last
thing I was going to do. 1 was about to reproach
myself as much as anybody. The Senator from
Aikansas,it seems to me, is unnecessarily ex-
cited.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not at all.
Mr. BRODHEAD. He spoke of a general
system, and of a departure from it. I was about
to show that the departure was an unwise one; I
spoke of an act of Congress, and I intended no
personal allusion whatever to my friend from Ar-
kansas.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on Printing
were th^/authors of the provision, and we desire
now to restore things to their former condition.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I did not speak of the
authors of it; I did not allude to the authors of
either provision departing from the general sys-
tem. My friend from Arkansas must have anti-
cipated that I was going to say something which
I did not say, and had no idea of saying.
Now, sir, under existing laws, which were a
departure from the system originally established
under the act of Congress, which was well ma-
tured, authorizing the appointment of a Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, the head of a Depart-
ment cannot buy a blank book without consulting
the superintendent. We cannot have any engrav-
ing done, either at the Departments or here, with-
out having the superintendent consulted. I do
hi
administered heretofore. This practice has gone
to a very injurious extent. Occasions are con-
stantly occurring when these propositions are
made by Senators innocent of any bad intention,
but who are induced to think that some good
may be accomplished by a departure from the
law in a particular instance, in consequence of
the representationsof others who are wide awake
to their own interest, and who keep their real
object in the back-ground. Such persons give
Senators plausible and apparently good reasons
for doing particular things for their benefit. I
think this is wrong.
The law ought to be enforced. I believe the
general system is a good one, if it be adhered to;
but if exceptions are to be constantly made by
us here, putting at defiance the law of the land, I
know the consequence must be that loss will be
sustained. When these exceptions are contin-
ually made, the whole system looks like a piece
of mosaic work in which there is no uniformity
and no general plan. If it is allowed that the
responsibility shall be removed from whore the
law originally placed it, will that responsibility
exist which ought to rest upon the Superintendent
of Public Printing? When it is discovered that
work has been badly executed, and you attempt to
hold him to account, he will say: This case was
made an exception; do you not see that the re-
sponsibility has been removed from me, and that
the work was to be executed to the satisfaction
of a higher power, who received his authority
from your own action?" In some cases you may
say to him, " Here is an outrage; these things
have been done wrongly." In return he may
roduce your own resolution, to show that he
'lad no control over it, but was obliged to do it
to the satisfaction of another and higher power,
not designated by the law which creates the. office
he holds, and under which he is nppointed.
This piacticc m regard to printing has been
constantly growing to such an extent that I have
been induced to speak upon it. The remarks
which I have made have been without preparation.
I did nothear, until the last ten or fifteen minutes,
that this proposition was to come up; but I have
spoken because I believe that the Senate ought
to stop this mode of making exceptions to the
law m every case that arises. There is nothing
in the nature of printing which is started, there
is not a book to be published, there is notascheme
set on foot by the Departments, but when it is
brought forwaid it is pioposed to make it an ex-
ception. Thus it is that the system which you
have established is being abrogated by items, and
is beinjx reduced to existence in theory alone, as - „  r~     -
something, m fact, which you might as well de-S^ot know but that he is as good as anybody else;
but it seems to me that we are making one man
work too much, and we are confiding too much
power to him. I think that the head of a Depart-
ment might be trusted with the power of buying
a few blank books when necessary for the use of
be placed where it j| his Department, and of having them ruled and
1 - 1   bound. We can get out of this difficulty very
propel ly belongs. If the individual to whom it is
confided docs not discharge his duties, he ouglu \\ easily by repealing the joint resolution to which
to be removed; and if the Senate should ever hold j; I objected at the lime.
this opinion m regard to the individual holding ![ Mr. FITZPATRIC'Iv. I will say to my lion
the oiiice of Superintendent of Public Printing,
whether the present incumbent, or some future
one, a movement should be made to remove him;
and 1 should be proud to assist m throwing sky-
high any man not having the confidence of this
body, and failing to discharge the duties confided
to him.
I hope the amendment will not be adopted, on
the simple ground that I trust the Senator from
Virginia, the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, will himself bring forward appropria-
tions ample and sufficient for the deficiencies which
have occurred in the printing department.
As I do not know that I shall be here during
the course of this discussion, and certainly shall
not icmam until its end, I must express the hope
that another improvement will be made, which
ij orable friend from Pennsylvania, that I am in-
i struetcd by the committee, at the proper time, to
j offer a provision repealing that resolution, and I
! shall be glad to have his aid in its support.
j Mr. ER0DI1EAD. I objected at the time to
j| conferring so much power on the Superintendent
|j of Public Printing. I could refer to the debates
ii and show that I contended that wc should confine
'j the superintendent to the duties specified in the
j act creating his office; but I was oveiruled, and
I now the difficulties are perceived which I then
I foretold. T do not know how far the Committee
i on Printing propose to go in their intended repeal.
: I do not know whether they propose to repeal
| the power conferred on the superintendent, over
J blank books used in the Departments, or the pow-
I er over the engraving. I think we should go back
the Committee on Printing unanimously approve; |i to the system originally established in regard to
which is, that the binding, which was taken away '' 1''"   +1wv
from heads of Departments last year, shall be
restored to them, so that they may control it; but
still making it the duty of the superintendent to
see that it is well done, and to supervise it; although
the heads of the Departments, as a matter of
justice, may select their own binders to execute
their own work.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, the evils
public printing, and confine the superintendent
i to the duties specified in the act creating his office.
! Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I clcsire, in a
1 very few words, to call the attention of the Senate
. to the precise question which is now submitted
' for their consideration. I think a moment's re-
) flection will show that about two thirds of the
; remarks made by my friend from Arkansas have
' no relevancy whatever to the question which we
are now called upon to determine. The Senate
might suppose from his remarks that we were
about to war on some well-established and matured
system which has been carried on through the
office of the Superintendent of Public Printing,
under the direction of the Committee on Printing,
of which he is chairman. One would suppose,
too, that here was a direct effort made to repeal an
existing law. Nowthatisnotthequestion? What
do we propose to do? We propose that these
maps shall be engraved in accordance with the law
as it now stands, under the supervision and di-
rection of the Superintendent of Public Printing.
There is no change of the law. The only thing
which by human ingenuity can be converted into
an attempt to evade the law is the simple decla-
ration that the work shall be done to the satisfac-
tion of the War Department. The same provision
was made in regard to the Coast Survey report.
I have in my hand the resolution that was adopted
in regard to the printing, engraving, and publica-
tion of the Coast Survey report. There it waa
provided that the work should be done under the
charge of the Superintendent of Printing, but "to
the satisfaction of the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey."
If my amendment was a violation of the law, to
which my friend from Arkansas is so devotedly
attached, the resolution in regard to the Coast
Survey was equally in derogation of that law.
In that case, why was it that you required the
Coast Survey report to be done to the satisfaction
of the gentleman having charge of that work? It
was a particular sort of work which required
gieat skill and ability; and it was a mere matter
of justice to the distinguished gentleman who had
been placed at the head of the Coast Survey, to
have that work, in which his reputation is so
deeply concerned, executed to his satisfaction.
So it is here. We have various maps which have
been carefully prepared in the War Department.
The value of those maps depend entirely on the
point whether they are engraved correctly or not.
Whenever you attempt to placc topography on a
map, that topography is wholly valueless uuless
it is strictly accurate. All that we propose is,
that after these maps have been prepared at the
War Department—maps which involve the rep-
utation of all the officers concerned in making
them—they shall be engraved to the satisfaction
of the head of that Department. Is there any
reflection either on the Committee on Printing, or
on the Superintendent ofPublic Printing, in that?
I do not know but that the Superintendent of
Printing may understand the art of engraving;
but I apprehend that he is hardly as well quali-
fied to sketch topography upon a map as these
gentlemen in the Corps of Topographical Engi-
neers, who have made that subject the study of
their lives.
Mr. JOHNSON. Who has asserted that he is?
Mr. WELLER. If he is not as well qualified
as a topographical engineer, he is not as good a
judge of the manner in which these maps should
be engraved as the head of that corps.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask the Senator if
there is any proposition in his amendment which
relates to engraving, and the plates from which
the maps are printed ? He speaks of my remarks
being irrelevant. Now, let me ask him, is there
anything in his amendment which relates to
printing the maps after the topographical engi-
neers in the War Department have prepared and
engraved their own plates ?
Mr. WELLER. I am very sorry that my
friend does notunderstand the proposition. Iam
not proposing that this work shall be done under
the direction of the Secretary of War. I propose
that it shall be done under the direction of the
Superintendent of Public Printing, but to the sat-
isfaction of the War Department. That is all. I
will read my amendment;
To provide fur the en?ravin? of the maps and drawings
accompanying the reports of the explorations and surveys
to determine a Pacific railioad route, §49,200 ; and the said
maps and diavvtn<j- phali be engiavedto the satisfaction of
the Secretary of War.
All that I desire is, that the Superintendent of
Public Printing shall submit these maps to the
personal inspection of the Secretary of War, so
that he shall be satisfied with the work before
they are incorporated into the reports. That is
the whole question. My friend from Arkansas
dare not assume that the Superintendent of
