708
appendix to the congressional globe.
[June 23,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
South Carolina and Massachusetts—Mr. Evans.
Senate.
fifty-four thousand. If the Senator, or any-
body else, will trouble himself to make the cal-
culation, it will be found that the six regiments
furnished by South Carolina were over her pro-
portion compared to what Massachusetts did.
Virginia, having a population of three hundred
thousand, furnished fifteen regiments as well as
Massachusetts, and Massachusetts had fifty-four
thousand more population than her. I do not
know but that being slaveholders some additional
regiments were put upon her for that reason. I
know this much: that when Congress determined
to issue paper mdViey by way of creating a sink-
ing fund to maintain its credit, they called upon
the States to ftirnish $3,000,000, and that money
was not to be raised on the white people, but was
to be raised upon the whole population, mulattoes
and negroes included; so that when the money
was raised our negroes were taxed. It may be
that we had to furnish an additional number of
troops on -account of our negroes, or, as I think
is more likely, the men of that day met together
as patriots, and each one was willing to contri-
bute to the extent of his ability.
I have a great deal of information here on that
subject which will be very satisfactory as to what
the States furnished to the regular army. I ad-
mit it is possible, that when those troops which
Massachusetts had furnished before Boston came
to be considered, she may have furnished a little
more than her share, though I doubt that.
I desire now to call the attention of the Senate,
or of those who choose to listen to this unpleasant
discussion, to some facts which will be found in the
•writings of Washington, edited by Sparks, third
■volume, in which General Washington gives an
account of this formidable army which was gath-
ered before Boston. It is true that army fought
the battle of Bunker Hill, and behaved gallantly;
but they had, as it seems, the same notion then
which appears to prevail now, theit Massachu-
setts beinj* the center of the world, when they
had done their duty there, they had done all that
was required of them. They no doubt felt elated,
for this battle of Bunker Hill was fought before
General Washington came to the camp. They
arrived at the conclusion thqi tfoops without dis-
cipline were just as good as troops with discipline.
General Washington, in a letter to his brother,
John Augustine Washington, dated, " Camp at
Cambridge, July 27, 1775," says:
" I found a mixed multitude of people here, under very
little discipline, order, or government."
. In a letter to the President of the Council of
Massachusetts Bay, dated August 7, 1775—a
month after he arrived there—General Washing-
ton says:
" By the general return made to me tor last week, I find
there are great numbers of soldiers and non-commissioned
officers who absent themselves from duty, the greater part
of whom, I have reason to believe, are at their respective
homes, in different parts of the country; some employed
by their officers on their farms, and others drawing pay
from the public, while they are working on their own plan-
tations or for hire. My utmost exertions have not been able
to prevent this base and pernicious conduct."
In a letter to the President of Congress, dated
September 21,1775, he says:
"The necessities of the troops having required pay, I
directed that (hose of Massachusetts should receive for one
month, upon their being mustered and returning a proper
roll; but a flaisi Was immediately made for pay by lunar
months, agjjsrtend regiments have declined taking up their
warrants ont&fe account."
It will be found that after this, when Congress
fixed pay, they took care to provide that it should
be for calendar months. [laughter.]
In a letter to the President of Congress, dated
November 11, 1775, General Washington says:
''The trouble I have in the arrangement of the army is
Tealiy inconceivable. Many of the officers sent in their
names to serve, in expectation of promotion; others stood
aloof, to see what advantage they could make for them-
■elves; whilst a number, who had declined* have again
sent in their names to serve. So great has been the confu-
sion, arising from these and many other perplexing circum-
stances, that I found it absolutely impossible to fix this
very interesting business exactly on the plan resolved on
in the conference, though I have kept up to the spirit of it
W near as the nature and necessity of the case would admit,
tte difficulty with the soldiers is as great, indeed, more so,
# possible, than with the officers. They will not enlist
until they know their colonel, lieutenant colonel, major
JMid captain, so that it was neceseaty to fix the officers the
pt tftmg, which is, at last, in some manner done; and I
l**e gives out enlisting orders."
In a letter to the President of Congress, dated
November 28,1775—when the year for which the
men had enlisted was near its close—he says:
"The number enlisted since my last is two thousand five
hundred and forty men; and I am sorry to be necessitated
to mention to you the egregious want of public spirit which
i; reigns here. Instead of pressing to be engaged in the cause
, j of their country, which I vainly flattered myself would be
the case, I find we are likely to be deserted in a most
critical time. Tliose that have enlisted must have a fur-
lough, which I have been obliged to grant to fifty at a time,
from each regiment."
In a letter, to Joseph Reed, of date November
28, 1775, he says:
" Such a dearth ofpublic spirit, and such want of virtue,
such stock-jobbing, and fertility in all the low arts to obtain
advantages of one kind or another, in this great change of
military arrangement, I never saw before, and 1 pray God's
mercy that I may never be witness to again. What will
be the end of these maneuvers is beyond my scan. I trem-
ble at the prospect. We have been till this time enlisting
about three thousand five hundred men. To engage those
1 have been obliged to allow furloughs as far as fifty men to
a regiment; and the officers, I am persuaded, indulge as
I many more. Such a mercenary spirit pervades the whole,
that I should not at all be surprised at any disaster that may
happen. In short, after the last of this month, our lines
will be so weakened, that the minute men and militia must
be called in for their defense; and these, being underno kind
of government themselves, will destroy the little subordi-
nation I have been laboring to establish, and run me into
one evil whilst 1 am endeavoring to avoid another; but the
less must be chosen. Could I have foreseen what I have
experienced, and am likely to experience, no consideration
upon earth should have induced me to accept this com-
mand. A regiment or any subordinate department would
have been accompanied by tea times the satisfaction, and
perhaps the honor."
This was whilst the enemy had possession of
their capital, and a large number encamped in
full view of the American army.
I could read many similar extracts. I have
resuscitated these most unwillingly. In a letter
to General Schuyler, dated December 5, 1775,
General Washington says:
" I know that your complaints are too well founded; but
I would willingly hope that nothing will induce you to quit
the service; and that, in time, order and subordination will
take the place of confusion, and command be rendered
more agreeable."
General Schuyler, in the letter to which this
was a reply, had said:
" Nothing can surpass the impatience of the troops from
the New England colonies to get to their firesides. Near
three hundred of them arrived a few days ago, unable to do
any duty; but as soon as X administered that grand specific
—a discharge, they instantly acquired health; and rather
than be detained a few days to cross Lake George, they
undertook a march ftom here of two hundred miles with
the greatest alacrity."
I should be sorry to have any man suppose
that these facts are brought forward as evidence
of what Massachusetts, or the men of Massachu-
setts, were willing to do. Sir, there never was a
nobler set of men on earth than those who led the
destinies of this country in Massachusetts, South
Carolina, Virginia, and every other State at that
time. But it was impossible that the leading men
of the country—those who bring about revolu-
tions—could control all, or supply the army with
the necessary numbers. What I have read shows
that, as the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] said the other day, there were some
mean Yankees then; and they were, unhappily,
too numerous.
There are some other facts of some consequence
in this connection, which I have derived from the
American Archives. Among the officers first ap-
pointed by Congress was General Gates as adju-
tant general. In his return of the army on the
18th of August, 1775—only a little more than a
month after General Washington arrived—there
were thirty-eight regiments, amounting to nine-
teen thousand and sixty men; there had been
enlisted one hundred and seventy; deserted one
hundred and fifty-three; sick, three thousand two j
hundred and twenty-four. This was while the
enemy was in possession of Boston. Whether
this was real sickness, or the home-sickness of [
which General Schuyler spoke, I do not know. ;
On the 23d of September, 1775, about a month ;
afterwards, we find another return. Then there •
Were, regiments, thirty -eight; men, nineteen thou-!
sand three hundred and sixty-five; enlisted, one;
deserted, forty-four; sick, two thousand two hun- j
dred and seventeen. i
It should be stated, in this connection, that on \
the day before General Washington ufas elected
commander-in-chief,, an order was issued for :
raising a regiment of riflemen. Pour companies i.
were assigned to Pennsylvania; two to Maryland;
two to Virginia. On the 27 th of July, baniel'
Morgan arrived at Cambridge with a full company
enlisted in Frederick county, Virginia; and before
the 15th of August the entire regiment was en-
listed in Pennsylvania and Maryland, and was
before Boston. It is true, they remained there
but a short time; fbr another expedition was got
up, in which their services were needed in the
invasion of Canada.
I think I have said enough about Massachu-
setts, but I am sure I have said nothing of her in
an invidious or unkind spirit. I have an extract
before me which I will not read. It is a re-
turn of men who were enlisted in Massachusetts,
to supply a part of the grand army, and were
rejected—about a hundred of them—for various
reasons. Some were boys who could not carry
a musket; some were old; many were halt and
lame. I do not think it necessary, however, to
bring that into this discussion. I suppose that
he who enlisted them, like Falstaff, had possibly
pocketed the money; but according to Baron Steu-
ben's account of them, Falstaff's company was a
Roman legion when compared to these soldiers of
Massachusetts.
A further evidence that Massachusetts fur-
nished no more than her due proportion of the
army is to be found in the fact, that at the end
of this war she had only her due proportion
of officers entitled to the commutation; and
of the officers who were killed in battle, she
had only thirty-nine, whilst Virginia had forty-
nine, and Pennsylvania thirty-nine.
Now, Mr. President, I come to what I would
willingly avoid, but it seems to be necessary. It
appears to have been considered that honor was
to be acquired in abusing and traducing the
military services of the State of South Carolina.
The wonder to me is—I think it must be the won-
der with every wise and reflecting person—that
she did as well as she did. She was a little
State, with only ninety-three thousand inhabit-
ants. She was surrounded on the north by a
wilderness in North Carolina, and almost all her
interior country .was a wilderness also; the lower
region was filled with new Africans, as barbar-
ous as they were on the day they were caught in
Africa. In this situation was South Carolina
when Prevost invaded the State in 1779. It is put
down as an evidence of weakness, that some of
j our leaders complained that too many men were
! required to prevent the slaves from escaping. I
| do not doubt, from looking over the records, that
I our quota was increased on account of the slaves;
i but I am not here to deny the truth; I admit that
when our country was in the possession of the
British, the slave population was, to some extent,
a source of weakness. These new Africans who
had been imported', and were mainly along the
sea-shore, had to be kept from desertion, by
being constantly watched; but I assert as a fact,
that m the interior country, and especially among
; that part of the population who had emigrated
from Virginia, and brought Virginia negroes
with them, the negroes were as loyal to their mas- "
ters as their masters were to the Government;
and so far from its being true, as a general propo-
sition, that slavery is a weakness in a country, it
will be found that those who have most gallantly
stood up for their liberties in all ages, have had
others to work for them whilst they fought the
battles of their country.
Well, sir, so far as I know and believe, South
Carolina furnished her full contingent. She did
nothing more, and I claim nothing more for her.
She furnished her full contingent Of the regular
army, and it was kept up until the State wm
finally overrun, and Charleston fell into the hands
of the British, in May, 1780. In the book to
which I have alluded, written by Mr. Sabine, it
is said that, with a New England army and a
New England general, we were so weak that we
were unable to defend our own capital, and it fell
into the hands of the enemy. Sabine himself
admits that the State of South Carolina furnished
some gallant men. He mentions Sumpter, Mar-
ion, and others; but, says he, very sagaciously,
" a single swallow does not make a spring; and
a single feather does n'ot make a bed.' This
mighty New England army of which he speaks,
consisted simply of General Lincoln and nobody
