718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
them " panoramic views'*—some of the most
important and elaborate views selected—"pro-
files to accompany the general map." They are
to accompany the detailed maps of the routes.
This altogether makes #50,000 worth of engrav-
ing for preparatory reconnoissances.
Now, I would have no objection whatever,
beings favorable myself to the construction of a
Pacifie railroad, if we shall find it at all practica-
ble, to pass any legislation adapted to attaining
the end we all have in view. 1 shall have no
objection whatever to vote any sum of money
required for putting the people of the country in
possession of information, or for having sources
to which we ourselves could refer during the de-
bates on the bill. But, sir, I can see no necessity
for adding this enormous sum to the appropria-
tions already made, the only object being—as I
understand tne Senatorfrom California nowto say
—to change lithograph engravings into the most
expensive engravings on copper, in the finest
style of art. When we shall eventually have de-
termined that a Pacific railroad is to be built, and
when the final surveys of the route shall have
been made with all the necessary details, it may.
be necessary, for the purpose of preserving for
future time accurate and reliable maps of the
country, to have the charts and the surveys en-
graved on steel or copper; but to do it at this
time, for mere preparatory purposes, to spread
information among the people as to the general
topography of the country, it seems to me, is
going 10 unnecessary expense. I confess that I
am startled at seeing these estimates.
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
Finance has told us that it will require, besides
the appropriations heretofore made, ^170,000 to
finish printing the reports on the Pacific railroad
routes. We have already made heavy appropria-
tions for thatpurposc, and §170,000 more are called
for. That amount would cover all the necessary
engraving, if it were lithographed; but here is
a proposition to add #50,000 to that enormous
expense for the purpose of putting those engrav-
ings on steel or copper plates, and adding pano-
ramic views and other pretty pictures for the
people to look at. 1 think wo arc paying rather
too dear for this whistle. If the original appro-
priations passed by both Houses of Congress
suffice for the purpose of affording to us what in-
formation we require for legislation, and suffice
for spreading amongst the people that general
information about the topography of the country
which they desire to have in directing their own
emigration and business, it is all that is required
for the moment. These are only preparatory
works, and it cannot be necessary to execute
them in such a style as the Secretary of War
seems to anticipate. Let us have them litho-
graphed, and lot us avoid this additional appro-
priation of $50,000.
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. President, I hone T may be
excused by the Senate, as I have not had the ben-
efit of the former discussion on this subject, for
asking a few questions of those better acquainted
with tins matter. I have not been inattentive to
the discussion; and there is one view of the subject
to which the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Bn.v-
jamin'1 has just nlluded, to which 1 think attention
lias not been sufficiently directed. This is an im-
portant amendment, involving an appropriation
of upwards of §300,000, as reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance; and, in addition to that, it is
proposed by the Senator from California [Mr.
Wkller] to add an appropriation of nearly
$50,000 for engravings.
Some Senators have expressed great surprise
at this extravagant appropriation, necessary and
consequent on their own votes. I think there is
an important principle involved in it, and that
principle is as to the propriety of the Congress
of the United States being a book-making and a
book-purchasing establishment. I think this
point ought to attract the attention of the Senate,
as I am gratified to see that it has been the sub-
ject of rejection by many Senators. I think the
Senator from Louisiana is laboring under a mis-
take in supposing that what is now proposed is
for the completion of these works. It is only,
as I understand, for a continuation of them until
the 1st of July next. Although it is large, the
amount now proposed—over $300,000—is not for
the completion of the three books for which it is
proposed to be appropriated. Large appropria-
tions have heretofore been made for this object,
and this is only a continuation of those appropri-
ations for the present fiscal year.
Mi*. BENJAMIN. Then T understand my
i friend from North Carolina to say that the case
! is even worse than I supposed.
! Mr. BIGGS. That is what { believe. From
what 1 understand from the Senator from Cali-
fornia it is worse than that.
Mr. STUART. I think the Senator is under
a misapprehension upon that subject. If I un-
derstand it correctly—and I do not speak very
positively—this is an estimate for the completion
of these works. The last Congress ordered their
publication, and this estimate covers the whole
deficiency for completing the publication accord-
ing to the original plan, so that it all ends with
this fiscal year.
Mr. BIGGS. I did not so understand it from
the remarks made by the Senator from California.
1 understood from him that this was only a con-
tinuation, and that there would necessarily be a
new appropriation made at the next Congress for
the completion of these works.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator certainly mis-
understood me. I said the Senatorfrom Virginia
proposed by his amendment to furnish means
enough to carry on the work until the end of the
fiscal year, which is the 1st of July; and that this
appropriation will be necessary after that time to
carry on the work. I suppose this is intended
to cover the whole cost of engraving, and not to
include the cost of printing. I may say, how-
ever, that I am very much inclined to doubt
whether the estimates of the Superintendent of
the Public Printing embrace anytning for engrav-
ing, because I cannot discover how he could make
an estimate for it. These maps have never been
in his possession. They were drawn in the War
j Department. They were never turned over to the
Superintendent, and I cannot see how he could
have obtained the necessary data on which to
make an estimate; and it is tor that very reason
that I do not think there is any portion of this
; amount embraced in the amendment proposed by
the Senatorfrom Virginia.
Mr. BIGGS. As 1 understand the resolution
heretofore passed by the Senate, authorizing the
publication of so many thousand copies of this
work, and ordering them to be printed, including
the maps and charts, 1 had supposed (until some
intimations were thrown out to the contrary) that
this was an appropriation to complete the"work;
and, if it be so, it is sufficiently startling in amount,
it seems to me, to make the Senate pause in
rogai d to this book-making. My pui pose in rising,
however, was not to discuss the subjcct, but to
ask a question for information from those who
ore better acquainted with this matter than I am.
Can we not stop this book-making by stopping
the appropriations? I want to know whether
there are any vested rights which render it im-
proper for us to refuse to grant this appropriation,
and thereby to stop this great abuse and admitted
extravagance? I do not know that there are any
vested rights that would be violated. I cannot
understand it so, but 1 wish to be informed on
that point; because, unless 1 am m an error in
regard to it, my feeling is to vote agninsf all these
appropriations, believing that the public interest
would not be promoted by this enormous expendi-
ture for publishing books. A large portion of
these books, it is admitted on ail hands, are
i worthless and useless; and yet we are here called
i upon, in addition to former appropriations, to
i vote upwards of three hundred thousand dollars
' to publish books. That is but a branch of this
' system, if I understand it.
i I heard this morning a message announced from
j the House of Representatives, informing us of
| the passage by the House of a proposition to
; make an appropriation—to what extent I do not
know—for buying books; and here is a very large
expenditure now proposed which 1 suppose is
but a small amount compared with the aggregate
sum that is to be appropriated for the purpose of
buying and printing books. If there are any
vested rights which render it proper for us to vote
for the appropriation, of course it is my duty to
vote for it; but if there are not—and I desire the
chairman of the Committee on Finance to inform
me whether such is the state of the matter now—
my inclination is to stop this abuse in the most
effectual way we can; and that is by stopping th«
appropriation. That is the only way to arrest
this enormous and wasteful expenditure of the
public money; and unless you refuse to make an
appropriation the abuse will go on.
Mr. RUSK. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin-,] supposes that he is
saving a good deal of expenditure by opposing
this amendment. In that idea he is altogether
mistaken, for the work has been ordered by a
resolution of Congress to be done. He thinks,
too, that there is an-unnecessary expenditure for
panoramic views and beautiful pictures. I do not
know anything about the panoramic views, but
I suppose they illustrate the geology of the coun-
try. If the Senator.will examine the estimates
he will find that by striking out the panoramic
' views, he will save the enormous sum of $2,500 !
That is their whole cost. This is the recommend-
ation of the Secretary of War, a gentleman of
good sense, and I believe he has always shown—
at least while in the Senate—a spirit of economy
in regard to expenditures. I do not know, and
therefore I am not prepaied to say, what these
panoramic views will exhibit; but his recommend-
ation convinces me that they will be useful.
The honorable Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Biggs] desires to know whether there are
any vested rights which would be disturbed by
refusing the appropriation; and whether, by re-
fusing it altogether, we should save this expense.
I will answer him. A law of Congress required
reconnoissances to be made over four different
routes between the Mississippi and our posses-
sions on the Pacific. Reconnoissances were made
at an expense of several hundred thousand dollars,
and they were made by officers very capable of
performing the duty. The reports of thosu officers
exhibit a country with the qualities and nature of
which we were totally unacquainted before. They
surveyed aline on the extreme north, two others
in the center, and another on the extreme south.
This labor has been done. Their examinations
will give a correct view of a country before totally
unknown. The expense for making the surveys
has been incurred and paid for; and now the ques-
tion is, whether or not wc shall publish the re-
sults of this expenditure.
If it is to be accomplished in that manner, the
better plnn would be to repeal the order entirely.
If this information in regaid to a vast uninhabited
extent of country, which belongs to the United
States, is so useless, the better plan is, rather than
cavil at the items in this appropriation, to repeal
the resolution by which it was ordered to be pub-
lished. Then, after having expended a large
amount, of money to obtain this information, throw
it into the fire to avoid voting what is necessary to
make the information available. That is a species
of economy which I hope will not be sanctioned
by the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If I am mistaken on this
subject, I have been led into error by the Senator
from California. I understood from his remarks
that the appropriation made at the last session was
sufficient for the publication of all these maps;
and that the addition.il appropriation now asked
for, resulted from the fact that the Secretary of
War was recommending that these maps should
be engraved upon copper, and executed m the
finest style of art. I stated that I saw no neces-
sity for anything of that kind, because these are
mere preparatory works.
Mr. WELLER. I do not see how the Sena-
tor could have misunderstood me so widely. I
am not aware that we have yet made any appro-
priation for the engraving of these maps; and
therefore, how he could have understood me as
saying that there was a deficiency in the amount
' appropriated, for the reason that we now propose
to engrave instead of lithograph them, I cannot
very will conceive.
Mr. BENJAMIN. When I rose before, the
Senator from California had just stated, as I un-
derstood, that the necessity for this additional
appropriation resulted from the fact that the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing had made his
calculations for lithographing, and that it was
now proposed to put them on metal.
Mr. WELLER. I did not desire to be so un-
derstood. I said that if the Superintendent of
Public Printing had made an estimate for the en-
graving, no doubt it would be found that he had
proposed to have the maps lithographed instead of
engraved; and, therefore, as I desired to have the
