xm
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
.Mr, JONES, of Tepnesaeo. I dQ not propose
to detain tjae committee long upon this subject,
t>ut, there should be some amoupt of population
fixed as a prerequisite to the formation of a State
constitution and admission into the Union, and
th,at ratio, I think, should be that which entitles
any one district in a State to a representative
under the last preceding apportionment. If we
disregard that, we are perfectly at sea; and having
oothijig to guide us, "We may admit one State
wjth eight thousand inhabitants, another with
fifty thousand, and still another with ten thou-
sand. I think the amendment should be adopted.
Mr. GROW. I think that the sound doctrine
and the policy which this Government ought to
act upon in relation to the admission of a Terri-
tory, is, that admission should follow when there
is sufficient population to support a State Gov-
ernment without imposing excessive burdens and
taxes upon the people; and when they ask to take
that burden upon them, that the Government
should allow them to do so. Believing that she
has that ampunt of population, Oregon asks of
this Government permission to form a State con-
stitution, preparatory to admission. We, by this
bill, grant that in the usual form, and in the usual
manner. There is nothing in this 'bill which is
.not usually and ordinarily contained in bills
authorizing the people of a Territory to form a
State constitution; and I see 110 reason why there
.should be any difference.
Mr. WALKER. I differ entirely with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania as to what should
e the character and rule of our action in cases
of this sort. It seems to me that the basis of ac-
tion should be made to rest upon the question
of the ability of a Territory to support a State
Government. The question we nhould settle
is this: Whether the population of a 'JLViritory
corresponds with the ratio of representation pre-
scribed so far as State governments are con-
cerned ?
The gentleman from Tennessee says, that if
y&u relax in that rule you will have no {jtude
whatever as regards the population which a
Territory must contain prior to the formation of
a State constitution and admission into the Union.
It becomes a question all-important; and for the
purpose of showing, by way of illustration and
by way of caution, its importance, 1 will take
occasion to say this: Suppose the Territory of
Utah applies for admission as a Slate, with her
peculiar laws governing the marital relations,
when it is known that the moral sense of her
people sanctions polygamy: when we bear in mind
that the sole duty of Congress is to admitaState
when she applies for admission, if she presents a
constitution having a republican form, we have
no right or power to set ourselves up as moral in-
quisitors. And suppose it to be a known fact,
that Utah has not a sufficient population to en-
title her to one Representative on this floor, but
still is able to support a State government: I ask
gentlemen sitting here now, with what show of
reason we could shut the door against the admis-
sion of Deseret, when we admit Oregon with a
population less than that fixed as the ratio of rep-
resentation ? ( put the question to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
I, sir, have no objection to the admission of
Oregon into this Union. I care not what her form
of government may be, if it be only republican
in its character. I shall hold myself constrained
to vote for the admission of any State which has
complied with the great organic law, caring not
whether her own organic law covers or excludes
the institution of slavery.
But, Mr. Chairman, I say there is a guide
and a limitation upon our action, and we should
not admit a State into the Union unless she
has a population which would entitle her to a
representative, under the ratio of representa-
tion based upon the preceding census. I trust,
then, the gentleman from Oregon will understand
the nature and character of my objection, and
why it is that I sustain the proposition of the
gentleman from Tennessee. I think we ought
not to act in haste in this matter. There should
at least he a population equal to the fractional
population which would entitle a State to a repre-
sentative upon this floor; and that she has such
population is unknown to this House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I was not present
•when the bill was introduced. I would ask the
chairman of the committee upon what ground
the bill is reported ?
Mr. GROW. There is no report accompany-
ing the bill, for the reason that, at the last session
of Congress, a bill passed this House, similar to
this, almost word for word, and almost without
objection. It was sent to the Senate, and failed
there, with many other bills, for want of time to
consider it.
Believing that the considerations which acted
on the House at that time are as strong now as
they were then, and that the population of Oregon
is certainly not less now than it was then, and
that if it was right for the House to pass the bill
at that time, it certainly is right now, we fol-
lowed the precedent. As this bill confers no
rights which the people have not already, it is a
mere matter of form at best, and we are not dis-
posed to make any objection to the bill, but have
reported it as we found it in last Congress, at the
instance of the Delegate from Oregon. As I under-
stand him, there were fifteen thousand votes cast
for Delegate; and that is as many votes as the
majority of members here have received in their
respective districts. But, as I said before, it is
not on the question of how many votes were cast
in the Territory, that I should admit this people
into the Union. The only question I would ask
is, Have they sufficient population to support a
•State government and to administer the laws ne-
cessary to protect life and property, without ex-
cessive burdens ? If so, and they desire to govern
themselves, why should we keep them in tute-
lage ?
Mr. WALKER, (interrupting.) I would be
glad if the gentleman would inform the commit-
tee of any reason why Congress should discrim-
inate in the' law of apportionment between an
organized and admitted State and known sover-
eignty, and Territory?—why Congress should,
by its apportionment, say that so many thousand
inhabitants shall be entitled to have one member
on tlus floor, and why, so far as a Territory is
concerned, it should not be subjcct to the same
rule, especially as Congress is the peculiar guar-
dian of the Territories, and has charge of ail their
interests until they are organized and formed
into State irovr rmnerUs ?
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Alabama
assumes, in the action of the Government, that
which is not true. The Government never has
required a Territory to have the ratio of popula-
tion required for a representative.
Mr. WALKER. I did not say so. I asked
the reason why this discrimination should be
made.
Mr. GROW. I am coming to that point. We
have made States of litis Union out of Territories
which had but half the population required by the
ratio of representation at the time they were
admitted. You have four representatives on this
floor to-day representing only fifty-live thousand
people—a fraction of the ratio in the States.
Oregon has got more population to-day than is
icpresented by members here who stand on the
fractional ratio on your last apportionment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Has there been
any census of Oregon taken?
Mr. GROW. I only take the votes polled at
the last election for a Delegate from Oregon.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I wish to correct a
statement of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
I undertake to state to the House, that if gentle-
men examine into the facts of the history of the
organization of the Territories of the United
States, they will be able to find but one solitary
instance, in the eighteen Territories from which
States have been admitted into the Union, in
which, at the time of the admission, the popula-
tion was less than the ratio of representation. It
was the case of Florida. But, at the time of the
application, it was deemed proper by Congress,
on account of the treaty by which wc acquired it,
to make an exception 111 that isolated case. If
there is any other instance of the kind, I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to point it out.
Mr. GROW. Appended to the majority report
of the Committee on Territories is a table of the
populations taken by the census immediately pre-
ceding the admission of States. It was as near
the population as wc could get. The represent-
ative population is stated—with the white popu-
lation and the slave population. In the case of
Florida, she had a representative population of
about 44,190, while the ratio of representation
was 70,608. Her white population was only
27,943.
But the gentleman says that there was an ex-
ception in her case on account of the treaty by
which we acquired it. If lie admits our title to
Oregon to rest upon any claim based upon the
treaty with France, the people of Oregon are en-
titled to the same consideration as the people of
Florida, and should be admitted into the Union
as soon as practicable under the Constitution. If
Florida was admitted into the Union with an in-
sufficient population, on account of the treaty
with Spain, Oregon ought to be admitted with
an insufficient population, under the treaty with
France.
But to return to the point raised by the gentle-
man from Alabama as to the inequality of the
ratio of representation in the States to that in the
Territories.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, (interrupting.) Allow
me to state that I conceded that the case of Flor-
ida was an isolated case. But I asked the gen-
tleman, if there was any other case, to be so
good as to state it to the House.
Mr. LANE. X will answer the gentleman if
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will allow me.
Illinois was admitted with a population very
much below the ratio established at the time she
was admitted.
Mr. GROW. I propose to refer to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Tennessee. There
is a table appended to this report, which was com-
piled with much care, taking the only authentic
information that we had of the population—
namely: the census immediately preceding the
admission of the State. This was as near as we
could arrive at the true population. Now you
will there find that the population of Michigan
was 31,000, by the census which immediately
preceded her admission, while the ratio of repre-
sentation was 47,000. Iowa, when she was ad-
mittee, had a population of 43,106, when the
ratio of representation was 70,680. Wisconsin
had, according to the census immediately pre-
ceding her admission, a population of 30,940,
when the ratio required was 70,680.
But gentlemen can refer to the table for them-
selves, and I will not, therefore, take up time in
doing so. The figures are compiled from th<*
census immediately preceding the time of the
admission of these States.
To answer the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Walker,] that it is an inequality of representa-
tion which we ought not to allow! If gentlemen
take the ground that a Territory must be kept in
her state of pupilage until she shall in every case
have the population required under the apportion-
ment of representation for States, it will be but a
fewyears—in view of the rapidly-increasingpopu-
lation of the country, unless you greatly enlarge
the representation on this floor—before the ratio
may double what it is at present; and do gentle-
men propose to lay down the rule that, when it
will require a population of two hundred thousand
to send a member to this House, a Territory
must be kept in a state of vassalage until it shall
have that population ? Why, that is a population
larger than that of some of the States of the Union.
Delaware is almost full to-day. Her population
cannot increase in the same proportion as those
new States. Rhode Island has not extent of ter-
ritory sufficient to keep up with such an increase
of ratio. Therefore, you would impose upon the
people of a Territory a state of pupilage during
three or four generations of men', and is it for
men, who claim to be the guardians and special
champions of what is called squatter sovereignty,
to keep the people of a Territory in that subjec-
tion, when they are able to take care of them-
selves, and to manage their own affairs? If they
desire to do it, why notpermitthem to do it? In
the Senate, the inequality of representation will
be no greater, whether the population be smaller
or larger; and if the House is affected by having
a representative of a smaller population in this
Hall, shall we, for that reason, deny to these
people the right to govern and take care of them-
selves, when there is a sufficient number to do "so ?
Mr. BOCOCK. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, I desire to ask him a
question. I understood the gentleman to state
that the title of the United States to the Territory
of Oregon was acquired under a treaty with
