1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1445
France. My purpose in rising is to ask the
gentleman what treaty with France he alludes to?
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Virginia
misunderstood my point, I think. I only put
the question hypothetieally in answering the ar-
gument of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
ZoLi.icoi'FER.] I said that, if the gentleman recog-
nized the title of Prance to Oregon as good, then the
same exception that he made in the case of Flor-
ida would hold good in the case of Oregon, for
there was a similar clause in the treaty with
France with that with Spain.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then the Missouri compro-
mise line, as established by the act of 1820, and
made applicable to all the territory acquired under
the treaty with France, would, by the gentleman's
own admission, extend to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. GROW. If the territory we acquired
from France included the Territory, then the Mis-
souri compromise line would apply to that Ter-
ritory But the line west of the Rocky Mountains
was 42° on the south, and 36° 30' east of the
Rocky Mountains. I, however, only made the
statement hypothetieally, without intending to
draw into tills discussion any opinion as to
whether we acquired our whole title to Oregon
under that treaty.
Mr BOCOCK. With the gentleman's per-
mission, one more remark. I do not wish to be
understood as expressing any opinion in relation
to the propriety of passing this bill, allowing the
Eeople of Oregon to form a State constitution;
ut, sir, 1 cannot help lending an attentive ear to
the declarations of our friends on the other side
of the House who are so sensitive about the re-
peal of the Missouii compromise.
I remember very distinctly that when, some
yeais ago, the bill was pending before this body
to form the territorial government of Oregon, the
question as to the extent of the Missouri compro-
mise line was distinctly raised here. The north-
ern members asserted a claim to have Oregon as
free soil. The South were willing to allow the
claim, provided it was conceded that Oregon
came within the terms of the Missouri compro-
mise. That would have carried the line of 36°
30', to the Pacific ocean, and settled in advance
many questions which have since arisen to agi-
tate and distract the country. A distinguished
member from South Carolina submitted a dis-
tinct proposition, declaring, as the ground of this
claim to Oregon on the part of the North, that
Oregon lay north of the Missouri compromise
line. But northern gentlemen voted down this
declaration, and denied that the Missouri com-
promise extended to Oregon. They did not
considerthe Territory acquired from France then
quite so broad and extensive.
But now, upon the question of the formation of
a State government in Oregon, gentlemen lose
eight of their former arguments, and actually
contend that, under the treaty with France, the
Missouri line actually extended west to the
Pacific. I have called the attention of the com-
mittee to tins declaration of the gentleman, in
view of the opposition made by him in 1850 to
the extension of that line to the Pacific, and in
view of the sensitiveness which the gentleman
and his friends have shown in reference to the
repeal of the Missouri compromise in 1854.
Mr. GROW. This is digressing from the sub-
ject before us, and I will not continue it further
than to make one additional remark. Supposing
this treaty with France did extend the Missouri
line to the Pacific: it extended the line of 42° west
of the Rocky Mountains. But you claimed in
1850, that the line of 36° 30' should be extended
to the Pacific, which would take a portion of the
territory purchased of Mexico and was never
included in the Missouri compromise. That was
a bargain for the pui chase from France, and
nothing else. You asked us to make a new bar-
gain in 1850, which we refused to do; but have
ever stood by the old bargain as made in 1820.
But, sir, this is not pertinent to the question
before us, and I call myself to order for the di-
gression. Neither the treaty with France nor
the compromises of 1850 have anything to do
with the question of authorizing the people of the
Territory of Oregon to form a State constitution.
Mr. WALKER. I f the gentleman will allow
me to interrupt him, I do not wish to pursue the
subject of the remarks last made by the gentle-
mail from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, and I am glad the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has called himself
to order in respect to them; what I have to say
is directly to the bill under consideration. If I
understood the position taken by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, it is this: that the whole
question of the admission of new States into the
Union resolves itself into simply a matter of
congressional discretion.
Mr. GROW. Yes, sir.
Mr. WALKER. And therefore, that what-
ever rule of ratio may be prescribed by Congress,
as far as population is concerned, it should be no
governing rule to guide the action of Congress in
the admission of new States. I understand,
further, the gentleman to say that because the
Delegate from Oregon comes here representing
some fifteen thousand votes, that is enough to
admit him to a seat upon this floor as a mem-
ber, and enough to enable that Territory to walk
into our great U nion as a sovereign State, although
we have no evidence of the aggregate population.
Now, I submit to the gentleman, if when he has
abandoned the rule of representation laid down
by Congress, in regard to States already admit-
ted, he has not launched upon the broad sea of
congressional discretion? If.a Territory is en-
titled to come into the Unionas a State, whenever
she may have population to sustain a State gov-
ernment, I ask him by what fairness or justice
we can prescribe any rule on the subject, save the
constitutional limitation of thirty thousand inhab-
itants? Why, sir, it militates against the whole
theory upon which this ratio was founded. What
was the object of Congress in establishing a ratio
of State representation? It was to limit the
number of members in this House; it,was by first
ignoring the maxim, that in the multitude of
counsellors there is wisdom. It was upon the
ground that, by limiting the number of members
of the House, they would insure calmness,
method, and deliberation in their councils. And
if we are to carry out that theory in respect to
the old States, to disregard it in the admission of
new States into the Union, seems tome simply to
be preposterous.
Mr. GROW. I desire to know how the gen-
tleman holds the floor? I understood him to
interrupt me simply to ask a question.
Mr. WALKER. I beg the gentleman's pardon
for taking so much of his time. I will put my
question in a direct form.
Mr. GROW. I have no objection to yielding
to the gentleman to say what he desires to say;
I only desired that it should be understood that
I have the floor.
Mr. WALKER. My question is, assuming
that it is a matter of congressional discretion
whether wo admit a State without regard to her
population, while we establish a fixed ratio of
representation for States already in, does not this
break up the whole theory of a ratio of repre-
sentation in this House, and destroy that equality
of which we should never lose sight ?
Mr. GROW. In my judgment, it is certainly
a matter of discretion with Congress. But to an-
swer the question more in detail, this Congress
lias the constitutional power to organize Territo-
ries. The object of such organization^ to rear
and educate them for coming into the Union as
States, leaving it in the discretion of Congress to
say when and how they shall come in. Congress
may admit them with five thousand inhabitans,
or it may refuse them with five hundred thousand
inhabitants. The rule establishing a ratio of rep-
resentation for the States already in the Union,
has no application whatever to the admission of
new Stales. All the circumstances under which
a State is to come into the Union must be left a
matter of congressional discretion. That is the
sole and only rule. We are to do that which is
best calculated to promote the best interests of
the Territory and of the Union. Therefore, if
we believe that the admission of Oregon is for
her benefit, and advantageous to the whole coun-
try, we ought to admit her; if not, we should
refuse it. There is the whole question in refer-
ence to the action of Congress to admit States.
Mr. BARGLAY. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will make a single inquiry . This bill
delegates to the people of Oregon a right to form
a State constitution. Now, I should like to
know from whence this power is derived ? On
every principle of law, if we can delegate a right
to that people to form a Stat© constitution, we
possess that right ourselves. Then the bill in-
dorses the doctrine that Congress has the right
to legislate over the Territories on every subject.
I deny the constitutionality of that doctrine; and
I now call on the chairman of the Committee on
Territories to know whence he derives it.
Mr. GROW. I had no idea of occupying the
floor so long as I have done. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania puts a question to me. In
my judgment, it is immaterial whether or not
Congress pass this bill, so far as the rights of the
people of the Territories are concerned. They
can meet and frame a State constitution any day
they please, under the constitutional right to peti-
tion for redress of grievances. If they find that
their territorial organization is a grievance, they
can come here and ask that their grievance shall
be redressed. And if they choose, they can set
forth the kind of government that would be niost
acceptable to them.
The gentleman asks what power we have to
form a State constitution ? A territorial organiza-
tion is the creature of Congress, and cannot be
changed or abolished without the consent of
Congress. That consent maybe as well expressed
after the action of the people in forming a consti-
tution as before. Therefore, as I have said al-
ready, 1 regard this bill as immaterial, so far as
the right of the people of the Territory under the
Constitution is concerncd.
Mr. RICHARDSON obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will ask the gentleman
a question, for information. Did not this bill
pass unanimously at the last session ? Such is
my impression. I know that I supported the bill.
Mr. PJCHARDSON. Allusion has been made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to the pas-
sage of a bill similar to this, at the last session.
It was not passed for that reason. Nor will I,
at any time, lend my support to a bill on the
broad ground assumed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. The information in relation to the
population of Oregon was not denved from the
statistics of any census, but by a calculation based
on the number of votes cast at the last election
in that Territory. The calculation was made as
the calculation is made in the States. By that
calculation, she had a population, in number,
more than half that was necessary to entitle her
to a representative. Her vote was about fifteen
thousand. Everybody knows that, in new States
and Territories, the people cannot vote so readily
as they can in the older States. It is impossible
to afford them the same facilities and conveniences
for voting.
Estimating the population to be six to one
voter, and the amount of the probable population
of Oregon is ninety thousand. Suppose it is not
so much as six to a voter; suppose it is four to a
voter: then her population is sixty thousand.
Sixty thousand population would give ^ny State
of the Union a representative under the existing
apportionment. It was on this ground that I gave
my support to the bill at the last session. Look-
ing at all the precedents in like cases, though I
do not acknowledge that they are binding, I could
reconcile the admission of Oregon with the admis-
sion of every new State since the foundation of
the Government. I do not believe that in every
instance before admission, a Territory should be
shown to have the full amount of population for
one Representative; but in no instance, and at no
period since the beginning of the Republic, has a.
Territory been admitted, unless she had a popu-
lation of more than one half of that which would
entitle her to a Representative.
Mr. GROW. What had Illinois ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not know the pre-
cise amount of population Illinois had when ad-
mitted; but I venture to assure the gentleman
Illinois had enough to entitle her to a represent-
ative. The United States census was taken in
1810, when she had over twelve thousand popu-
lation. Illinois came into the Union in 1818, eight
years after, when her population had more than
doubled that of 1810. I do not remember the
precise time at which Florida was admitted; nor
is it material that I should. I arrived at the con-
clusion that the bill ought to pass in the manner
I have stated. That conclusion is now as it was
then. I am not willing to advocate the bill on the
ground, stated by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
