1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL £LOBE.
have particular reasons to feel this. I am not
going to narrate unimportant history in Texas,
but 1 desire to allude to an important historical
event which occurred there. *
At the fall of the Alamo, one hundred and
eighty gallant men lost their lives. Leonidas
and his Spartans never fell more gloriously in
battling for Grecian liberty than these men per*
ished for Texas. How were they treated? After
evei y man was butchered—not one left to tell the
tale—layers of wood were put down, and then
layers of human bodies, alternately, until a pile
was made. Then the faggot was applied, and
they were consumed to a.shcs under the maledic-
tion of a priest. They were not only persecuted
inhfe, but execrated in death. Say you not that
this is a fearful commentary upon that religion,
and if I am not to defend myself and children
against it? I am an American. I will be one.
1 will resist the despot's front, or th* insidious
wiles of Jesuitism.
These are reasons enough for me; but I ask the
intelligent Senate to point to one spot on earth,
where Catholic power or influence prevails, in
which tiiai by jury, the light of habeas corpus, or
Magna Chat (a exists? I am in favor of a free
religion, and an open Bible. The war is between
an open Bible and free religion on the one side, and
a closed Bible and despotism on the other. You
have this issue to meet.
Are we not now negotiating with foreign coun-
tries to obtain for American citizens who die
there the right of Chustian burial? Do the
American party wish to exclude any one here,
of the Catholic denomination, from participancy
in our common lot—the nairow house of* death?
No. The Catholic may be laid without objec-
tion by the side of our brother or our sister, and
he may be shrived, if he pleases, by the priest.,
in their manner of consecration; but an Ameri-
can Protestant citizen, if he dies in a foreign
country, is cast upon the potter's field, and ex-
cluded from Christian burial; and you tell me we
are proscriptive. "Oh, shame upon political arti-
fice !
A sentiment, JVlr. President, which I fully ap-
prove, was once uttered by a\i extraordinary
man, whose counsels I still revere, though he
may be falling into disrepute, as I see in the pres-
ent political contest he is denounced as infamous,
as insane, as tyrannical—a monster in human
shape. I allude to the patriot Jackson. He ut-
tered a sentiment which I am willing to indorse
to-day, and through all future time to which my j
span may reach, be it long or short. It will I
never be contracted or obliterated from my heart. |
It is this: "The Union—it must and shall be j
preserved." You cannot get rid of it. You can-!
not make the arrangement necessary under a i
plan of disunion that will answer; and I will i
tell you why. In my opinion, the Union is en- J
shnned in the hearts of the American people,
and though their statesmen and representatives
may quarrel here, the great mass is sound. De- :
votion to the Union is with them a religious prin- '
eiple, whether they profess any other religion or j
not. The mother teaches her children, the ;
schoolmaster teaches his scholar, the orator |
teaches his auditory, to reverence, respect, and ,
love the Union. Throughout the country this is '
a sentiment common to all, dear to all, cherished 1
by all. You cannot affect it. Your bickerings !
heio, I trust, will have less effect than the Ne- ,
biaska bill had. That measure was concocted
here The people knew nothing of it. Both ■
political parties of the South represented here ;
happened to concur in it. The Wings lost, as I
feared they would, a great chance to come into ,
power by their action then. I said that if they -
had not proclaimed the Whigs of the South to
be a unit on that question, and arrayed them-1
selves as a partly in support of that measure, 1
though they appeared then to be disorganized, <
they would, in less than four years, be omnipo* !
tent, and, in my opinion, would control this Gov- j
eminent for sixteen yenrs. '
Mr. CLAY. With the permission of the Sen-1
ator, 1 should be glad to ask him a question. !
Mr. HOUSTON". With great pleasure. j
Mr. CLAY. I wish to understand the Sena-
tor distinctly. I understood him to say that he ,
left the Democratic party because it advocated ,
the principles of the Kansas-Nebraska bill r ;
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir. •
7T
Mr. CLAY. And that he now acted and coop-
erated with the American party, because it advo-
cated the restoration of the Missouri compro-
mise?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; I gave no intimation
of that kind. I will answer the gentleman by
the assurance that I deem any agitation of that
subject impolitic and unwise. 1 now see insu-
perable difficulties to the restoration of that com-
promise. 1 have little of the world's goods, but
that little is to me as much as if I had millions.
All the millionaires of the world conjoined can-
not have their millions more important to them
than what little I have is to me; but I would most
freely give more than half of all that I possess,
the heritage of my children, to have the com-
promise restored as it was before the repeal, or
never to have had it touched.
Mr. CLAY. Perhaps I misunderstood the
gentleman. He did not say that he joined the
American party because it proposed to restore the
Missouri compromise, but because it condemned
the repeal.
Mr.'HOUSTON. The American party con-
demn all unnecessary agitations; they go for the
Union out and out, or I would not act with them.
If a* man who votes for the same political party
with me were to utter a sentiment in favor of dis-
union, though threescore years may have relaxed
me somewhat, I would knock him down. No
man who belongs to that party shall claim fellow-
ship with me if he is for disunion.
It is easy to account for the unanimity of the
j South m regal d to the repeal of the Missouri com-
j promise. It has been produced not by an investi-
1 gation of the subject by the people, but because
it went forth as an Administration measure, in-
dorsed by the two political parties which had
theretofore existed at the South, by the newspa-
pers of the South, by the Federal office holders of
the South. All sang pcans to the repeal of the
Missouri compromise, and it was taken, pro con-
fesso, to be a proper measure. I was the only
heretic in that broad land, and I am proud that!
have never sacrificed principle to expediency. If
a man, in the integrity of his heart, m the fullness
of his soul, loves his country, and cannot stand
out " solitary and alone''against the combined in-
fluence of patronage, of presses, of power, and of
parties, I do not envy him his eminence; but if
he can stand them, he ought to do it.
My position in regard to that measure may be
fairly tested by an illustration. Let us suppose
that, anterior to the presidential election which
brought into power the present Executive, the
question of the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise had been made an issue in the canvass, and
one of the candidates advocated the repeal: how
many votes do you suppose he would have got?
Not one State from Maine to Florida, not one
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, would he have
received. The public mind, uninfluenced by the
factitious ciicumstances to which I havcadverted,
would act freely, and say, " Letitalone; the great
men of our country have made it; we have become
glorious, renowned, and powerful under it.; do
not disturb it." So said the Union newspaper,
the organ of the Democratic party, when the
question was first agitated. It said, let this com-
promise alone; it is inexpedientand unnecessary
to disturb it. The distinguished Senator from
Michigan said it was uncalled for and unneces-
sary. My friend from Virginia [Mr. Huxtcu]
said it was a trifling little measure. I dreaded it
then. I apprehended that, though it might be a
cloud no bigger thana man's hand, it would soon
spread and pervade this broad land, it has now
become a murky, disagreeable cloud, but I hope
the bright sun of reason will soon expel it, and
give light and joy and peace to every American
heart. The day that restores to our country
peace upon this subject, will be one of the bright-
est days that hat* dawned since the declaration
of independence, or the victory at Yorktown.
The American party is charged with benjg a
new party. I admit it. Ail parties must have
a beginning. The American party, as well as the
Republican party, has grown out of the repeal
of the Minsoun compromise. The Democratic
party came into power omnipotent four years ago.
They thought they could wield and mold and
give shape to the opinions of the country. They
thought that power was inherent in them; that
their strength could not be impaired; that they
were omnipotent, and that their rule wp.s firmly
established forever. I was one of thatparty; but
when the Nebraska bill came up, J stood hy my
principles, and the party left me. I stood alone.
It was^necessary that new political parties ^houl4":
rise. The aversion of the country to thisAdmin-
istration grew stronger and stronger. The Exec-
utive appointments, the Cabinet ministers, rhe
measures of the Administration—all were calcu-
lated to produce agitation and excitement in iho
country. It was necessary for new political par-
ties to be formed. The dominant party had
become too powerful, too self-reliant, too assurpp:
tivo, if you will ailow the expression. They
thought they could do what they pleased. The
public mind rebelled against this dictation and
. assumption. A great party grew up at the North,
on the principle of resistance to the Nebraska bill.
An infant in the cradle might have dreamed this,
and might have known in its waking hours that
it would be so. The American party, national
in its object?, was formed throughout the North
and South, though it has since, to some extent,
been separated. One great object which it had
in view was to cement the union of these States—
to connect them by indissoluble bonds—tocxclude
from them all alien influences which might impair
the Union, or at some future day sap the Consti-
tution. These were the influences which led to
it. It was produced, also, by the court previ-
ously paid by political parties to influences extra-
neous to our nativity. It became a saying in
presidential ^elections, " Whoever gets the Cath-
olic vote, or the foreign vote, will be elected."
Court was made by the Democratic and Whig
parties to these influences. I do not exempt either
of these parties from this charae. They made
court for the purpose of securing these political
influences, in order to be elevated to power; and
with every success these influences were increased
in political power,and to thisextent our standing,
morally and politically, as a free people, waa
impaired. It became necessary to arrest these*
deleterious influences; and it was the design of
the American party tf*attain thisobject,and makQ
us Americans kind and beneficent in our feelings.
The American party has no disposition to inter-
fere with, or proscribe, those who emigrate to our
country; but if we have the power, we ought to
use it discreetly m according to them privileges
which they formerly had not in the countries of
their birth.
One of the most sensible anecdotes I over heard
was said to have occurred in the country in
which I reside. Four gentlemen were running
for the Legislature,two on each side—two Ameri-
cans and iwo modern Democrats. One of tho
I Democrats went to a German who lived there,
; and talked to him about temperance. The Ger-
I man thought it would be a good thing if men
I could be kept from getting drunk, and felt inclined
| to vote for those who would sustain that -view.
| At last said the candidate, " You are a foreigner,
: and these Americans go against foreigners hold-
! mg office or voting at elections. "Ah," says he,
j " well I shnll vote for those men." " Why ?"
• said the candidate. " Well,"said he," the Anieri-
j cans first had this country; they made the country;
i they made the Constitution; they made the laws;
! and they understand thein. ^ If they make good
' laws, we Germans who come iiere get the benefit
; of thenr. If they make bad laws they have to
j stand the bad laws. We get everything wo
I want, and what we make in the country. If a
' German, comes here, he do<-s not understand your
j language; he does not understand your laws; he
1 docs not understand anything about the country.
he cannot make your laws. When he comes
| here he can get the benefit of them, and that is all
, he ought to have. I never want a German who
: does not understand the language of the country,
• who does understand its Constitution and laws,
| to come here from Germany and make laws for
I me, for I came away to get rid of bad laws there,
I and 1 do not want the Germans to make the laws
for me here."
j I am for that principle. The country is outs.
I I would extend benefits liberally to honest emi-
' grants; I would give them more liberty than tbuy
1 ever enjoyed in their fatherland, and certainly
i would restrain them of none. They have no
I right to claim to rule over us. I would give them
i much more than is guarantied to our own citi-
! zens m other nations,
