1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
70S
34th Cong....1st Sess. Land Claims of California—Mr. H. Marshall, of Kentucky.
Ho. of Reps.
else. He was the only New England man there, |j
so far as I know. I do not impute thia as a blame j |
to her, because she had enough to do at home— j
not perhaps always in Massachusetts, but in the j j
adjacent country. ;;
It is a historical fact, not to be disputed, that !i
the army by which Charleston was captured
was double the number of the garrison and all
the militia in the city, and that the small-pox |l
prevailed in the city so that it was impossible to
get the countrymen in, or there would have been
a much larger force there. The British force was
double any force that was embodied in Charles-
ton to furnish defense.
To this followed an entire subjection of the
country. The enemy had possession of the capi-
tal. Tliey had possession of New York, I believe,
for the greater part of the war.
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. EVANS. They had possession of Phil-
adelphia, which was then the national capital.
ests of the West; wherever the history of our country is
honestly told; wherever the struggles of brave men in the
cause of humanity are respected, high honor will be rendered
to the triumph at King's Mountain, and atCowpens, and to
that sad victory at Eutaw Spring, where the voice of ex-
ultation is chastened by Borrow for the brave who fell.
" For the North to take an interest in your celebration
is but an act of reciprocity. Everywhere, in my long pil-
grimage to be present with you on this occasion, I found evi-
dence of the affection with which the South cherishes the
memory of every noble action in behalf of liberty, without
regard to place. Beautiful Virginia, land of mountains and
lowlands, rich in its soil, abounding in healing springs, and
the storehouse of all kinds of mineral wealth, builds a
Lexington in the very heart of her most magnificent valley;
North Carolina repeats the name in one of the loveliest
regions in the world; and South Carolina designates by it
a great central district in her State.
" There is a still stronger reason why the North should
give you its sympathy on this occasion. She sent you no
aid in the hour of your greatest need. It is a blessed tiling
to give even a cup of cold water in a right spirit; it was not
then possible to give even that. All honor must be awarded
to the South, since she was left to herself alone in the hour
of her utmost distress.
"The romance of the American Revolution has its scenes,
fbr the roost part, in the South; and the battle of King's
The capital of South Carolina fell into their hands. j Mounta?n?of which we celebrate the seventy-fifth anniver-
T'Ua# KM ma VIVAAlrWAMfl TmfeVI Afl lO tfil Tf B Tr A f .1    -  _      nf a 11 9%
That is no proof of weakness. Immediately after
the capture, the British commander sent his de-
tachments into every section of the country; and
in less than one month after Charleston surren-
dered, in May, 1780, they had entire possession
of the country. Congress made an effort to re
deem it. They sent Gates there with an army,
not from New England, but composed almost
entirely of Maryland troops; {here may have been
some Pennsylvania troops, and some from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. BUTLER.
Mr. EVANS.
And some from Delaware.
The Delaware troops were
there afterwards with Greene.
Mr. BUTLER. Kirkwood was there.
Mr. EVANS. The result was that, by rash-
ness and imprudence, the army was cut to pieces
in a night, and everything was considered as lost.
To this succeeded the battle of King's Mountain,
which, I think, taking it altogether, was the most
glorious event of the Revolution. I have not
alluded to some other events. Finally, Greene
succeeded to the command, taking with him two
Maryland regiments and one regiment from Vir-
ginia, the remnant of the Delaware regiment,
amounting to eighteen hundred men, all told,
when inspected afterwards. He fought the
battle of Guilford Court-House. He sustained a
partial defeat at Camden, but that was more than
redeemed by the Cowpens, Eutaw, and other
battles. The British were driven into Charleston;
and then Greene's army, which originally con-
sisted only of seventeen or eighteen hundred men,
was reduced to seven or eight hundred. All these
battles were fought and gained by these valiant
men—all from the South — aided by our native
militia and some of the gallant men from Wat-
tauga, in Tennessee, commanded by Sevier,who
had so valiantly distinguished themselves at
King's Mountain. After the capture of York-
town, a brigade of the brave troops of Pennsyl-
vania, under Wayne, was sent to our aid. With
these, theentire reconquestboth of South Carolina
and Georgia was completed.
I am much exhausted; and, in conclusion of
what I have to say, Mr. President, I beg leave to
present, and ask the Secretary to read, an extract
from the speech of Mr. Bancroft, delivered at the
King's Mountain celebration on the 7th day of
October last, and leave the Senate and posterity,
and all who feel an interest in the question,
whether South Carolina did her duty, to settle it
between Mr. Sumner and Mr. Bancroft, I ask
the Secretary to read the extract from Mr.
Bancroft's speech, and that closes all I have to
say.
The Secretary read as follows:
" No State may celebrate the great events of the Ameri-
can Revolution with j uster pride than South Carolina. At
the very beginning of the struggle in 1765, she was the first
to adhere to a general union; and to her it is due that the
Colonies then met in Congress. When, in 1774, a tyrannical
Government endeavored, by the slow torture of starvation,
to crush Boston into submission, South Caiolina opened
her granaries of rice, and ministered abundantly to its re-
lief. While the sons of the Scottish Covenanters in Meck-
lenburg were the first to sever the connection with Great
Britain, and institute government for themselves, the im-
mediate harbinger of the great reform rose within the bor-
ders of this State; the victory gained at the Palmetto fort
by Moultrie was the bright and the morning star, which went
before the Declaration of American Independence. Wher-
ever the camp-fires of the «iigrg t shall Mgbt up the for-
sary to-day, was the most romantic of *11."
LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
SPEECH OF HON. H. MARSHALL,
of KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
May 26,1856.
Tfce House having suspended the rules to allow the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a bill to expedite the issu-
ing of patents in confirmed land claims in California, with
certain amendments,
Mr. H. MARSHALL said:
Mr. Speaker: The bill before the House is one
of great importance. It nearly affects the pros-
perity of California. It presents no question for
the political partisan, but is yet political in the
extended and true sense of that term, because it
relates to the business of a State—its landed in-
terests, and contains, in a few brief provisions, a
law to give quiet and security to property, and
to execute iui obligation to which the United
States are bound by treaty.
The Committee on the Judiciary have instructed
me to report, by way of amendment, a proposi-
tion to strike out from the seventh and twenty-
first lines of the bill the words which confirm
cases to be decided by the Board of Land Com-
missioners, and to insert " prior to the 1st of
January, 1856," so as to limit the effect of this
bill to those causes .which were confirmed prior
to that date. 1 must say to the House that, had
I pursued my own judgment, I should not have
limited the operation of the bill to past cases, but
should have embraced all cases that have been
confirmed, or that may be confirmed hereafter.
I have felt, however, that the committee probably
have acted more prudently in accepting the sug-
gestions of the gentleman who is directly in
charge of the measure, and of persons who are
intimately acquainted with the obstacles that
might be thrown in the way of the passage of
any bill, by attempting to enlarge the scope of
this beyond the propositions now submitted by
the committee.
This bill proposes simply to terminate litiga-
tion between the United States and the holders
of Spanish or Mexican land grants. Whenever
the board of land claims shall have decided in
favor of confirming the claim; or if, heretofore,
a case has been taken before the district court,
then that our confirmation of the claim shall
follow the decree of that court in favor of the
claimant; and so of any case that may have been
taken to the Supreme Court of the United States.
In each of the stages of the litigation, admissible
under the existing law, this bill seizes the moment
of a confirmation of the grant by the tribunal, to
withdraw the United States from further litigation,
and to direct the patent to issue to the holder of
the claim. But the bill only withdraws the
United, States from the litigation; for the last
section expressly provides, that when the patent
shall have issued, it will not be conclusive of the
rights or equities of third parties. These can
then be conducted in the courts by those parties.
When we made the treaty of Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo, by which the sovereignty over California
was transferred from Mexico to the United States,
a provision was inserted in that instrument ex-
pressly securing the rights of persons and prop-
erty to those who then held under the preexisting
sovereign. Such would have been the case without
the treaty; for the rights of private property are
' not confiscated by the rules of modern civilized
warfare. But these rights are secured by the
treaty referred to, and the United States cannot
confiscate them, even if inclined to do so. They
are enforcible in a court of justice, and will be
enforced by the Supreme Court of the United
States whenever that tribunal shall be appealed
to by the claimants.
After the date of the treaty, and after the date
of the admission of California as a State, this
Government, entertaining the desire to segregate
the public domain from tne private estates'of in-
dividuals, and, in so doing, to execute the treaty
of Hidalgo, established a board of land commis-
sioners to receive and hear claims where the same
were founded on grants made by Mexico or Spain,
prior to the occupation of California in the name
of the United States. This board was declared,
by the Congress which established it, to be only
an instrumentality to facilitate the separation of
the public domain from private real estate; and
the examples of public action in the instances of
Louisiana and Florida were cited to prove the
advantages such a tribunal would bring to the
holder of such claims as were embraced by the
treaty. Assurances were given in the Senate
of the United States by a great many Senators—
not less, I believe, than some fifteen or sixteen—
that no desire was entertained to harass this
class of claimants by protracted litigation; but,
on the contrary, to facilitate the acquisition by
them of a patent from the United States, whicn
would clearly ascertain the boundary of their
claim, and at the same time would serve to show
exactly how much of public domain there was in
the new State of California. The venerable Sen-
ator from Missouri (Mr. Benton) opposed that
measure as a monstrous oppression to the hold-
ers of these claims, and predicted that the use to
which the tribunal would be perverted would be
such as to jeopard, and probably to annihilate,
the Spanish and Mexican grants, by involving
their holders in vexatious, expensive, and interm-
inable litigation. His predictions have been
verified.
The first point that presents itself to our con-
sideration, upon a review of the legislation of this
Government, is this: The rights, whether perfect
or inchoate, of the holders of Mexican ana Span-
ish grants in California, are protected therein by
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo; and every attempt
by this Government to compel them to bring
these claims before a board of land commission-
ers within a limited time, or on failure to do so
to declare them forfeited, and the lands they em-
brace to be public lands, is an infraction of the
treaty—a violation of their rights, which have
vested under the treaty; and I have no doubt thir
will be the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States, whenever the point is made. But,
Mr. Speaker, it becomes us to recur to the mo-
tives that actuated Congress, according to tke
declarations of our Senators and Representatives
made at the time, when the board of land com-
missioners in California was established, and to
examine, now, how far the actual experiment
with that tribunal has deputed from the inten-
tions of those who erected it.
I aver, sir, that, instead of affording facilities
for securing their rights, as ascertained by the
treaty, it has subjected the holders of Spanish and
Mexican grants to a litigation, which is unparal-
leled in the history of judicatures, and which
subjects them to expenses, delays, and anxieties,
compared with which the absolute abandonment
of their rights in the beginning would have been,
to them, a positive blessing.
The board of land commissioners was, by law,
invested with jurisdiction to hear and determine
the validity of every grant founded on the acta
of Spain or Mexico, the preexisting sovereigns
of California. To give efficacy to this law, Con-
fress required that every man in California who
eld a right founded in a grant from Spain or
Mexico, should, within two ytar>, exhibit it before
