1850,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7%W
work executed in the best manner, this appro-
priation was necessary to effect the object.
Now, I believe the Superintendent of Public
Printing has only estimated for the ordinary
amount of that work which is generally done in
the fiscal year, and therefore ms estimate does
not cover this appropriation. I said that I had
no doubt he had estimated for the lithographing,
if he had estimated at all—a fact of which I was
not aware—but that this amount was necessary
to have the work executed in the manner 1 desired,
which was to have it engraved. The only object
I had in view was that the head of the topograph-
ical corps should be secure in the safe and proper
transfer of these maps to the copper plate, x wish
to have it d one to the satisfaction of the Secretary
of War, so that he shall see that it is properly
transferred from the maps to the copper plate.
That is the whole of it.
I believe the work ought to be executed in this
manner. We had the information to which the
Senator from Louisianaalludes, long ago. These
are not mere preparatory reconnoissances, as he
supposes. We sent parties out to ascertain the
most practicable route for a railroad, and also to
obtain a great deal of information of the natural
history of the country, its topography, its miner-
alogy, its botany, &c. These parties were all
authorized to obtain this information, because it
was really an unknown country. We had very
little knowledge of it, except from those who had
casually passed through it. We have now
obtained all that information, which I consider to
be very valuable. We are now enabled, for the
first time, to make a map which gives correctly
the character of that immense region, and I pro-
pose to have it executed in the best manner in
which it can be done.
Mr. RUSK. I have just been informed by the
Superintendent of Public Printing, that these
maps will be almost entirely useless unless they
are engraved upon copper.
Mr. WELLER. Every person knows that if
you were to undertake to lithograph ten thousand
copies, before one half of them were executed it
would be impossible to trace any of the lines on
the stone; and the maps would be entirely use-
less, in my judgment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to inquire whether
this appropriation is for work and labor to be
done, or that has been done.
Mr. WELLER. It is for work to be done. I
stated distinctly that these maps have been per-
fected, but they are still in the Department of
War. They are ready to be transferred to the
engraver, and this appropriation is necessary to
execute that work. That is what we ask for.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall vote against it;
and I have pretty much made up my mind, in
view of the great expense and profusion, as 1
conceive, in the waste of money in books, maps,
and engravings, to vote against them all, unless
there be some special exigency or emergency de-
manding a special appropriation in any case. We
have become a great publishing house. I doubt
whether the Harpers publish more volumes than
the Senate of the United States does, at an enor-
mous expense. The expenses of this whole Gov-
ernment about sixty or seventy years ago were
not equal to the money which you now expend
for the printing of this body and the other House.
Sir, is not this a great enormity? Is it not time
that we looked to it? Is it not time that we cor-
rected this abuse? Whom do we take our coun-
sels from as to the necessity of publishing books ?
Generally from those who are interested in their
publication.
I am totally opposed to this system. I shall
vote against any appropriation for anything of
the sort. I have been looking at a book filled
with the most costly engravings; I mean Gilliss's
work. It is a monstrous and extravagant sys-
tem, Mr. President, and we shall be culpable if
we do not put a stop to it. For one, I am de-
termined to do it. The extravagance which 1
have witnessed on this subject has driven me into
economy, and I intend to act upon it until the
evil be corrected. I shall vote against the prop-
osition.
Mr. TOUCEY, Mr. President, there is un-
doubtedly an abuse existing in the publication
of books not required by the public service. Prop-
ositions have been brought here really to buy
books in order to distriouta them—books that
have not been written or published by officials of
this Government. There are other cases whero
officials have turned aside from their official duty
and became authors, and written essays and his-
tories; and while we have been publishing the
results of their official labors, we have extended
the area too much, and have embraced what did
not. properly pertain to their official business.
There is an undoubted abuse; and I am not
certain but that the instance alluded to by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky is one of that
description. But the case which is now pre-
sented to the Senate is one of a different charac-
ter. Here youhaveemployed officersof the Gov-
ernment to make surveys for agreat public service.
They have made those surveys, and they have
presented maps ready to be transferred to metal
for publication; and is it now proposed by the
distinguished Senator from Kentucky, after we
have done this, after the work is accomplished,
when the result is ready to bepublished, when it
is in the appropriate sphere of the officer who has
accomplished it, that this Government shall turn
short about, and not give it to the public, or at
least not give it to the public in that form which
any business man of sense would adopt in his
own transactions?
While I go with the Senator from Kentucky to
the extent which I have indicated, yet when I come
to the appropriate act of an officer of this Govern-
ment, (which is conducive to the public interests,
and which is necessary to the understanding, not
only by Congress, but by the country, of the sub-
ject on which that officer has been acting—one
that is connected with the great interests of the
country,) I should consider it not economy, but
parsimony, to stop short, and not complete the
work.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I shall vote
against this amendment, because I am not satisfied
but that we should be appropriating twice to the
same object; but in regard to the residue of the
deficiency estimated for by the Secretary of the
Treasury, I do not well see how we can avoid
appropriating it. I asked the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessenden,] who is a member of the Com-
mittee on Printing, if we could not stop the res-
idue of Gilhss's personal narrative, and confine
the appropriation only to printing the astronom-
ical observations—that portion alone which I was
w iiling to print. He informs me that all of it is
printed already with the exception of the volume
which is to give us the astronomical observations.
We shall therefore have to pay for it, as that is
work done.
In regard to the report of the Pacific railroad
explorations, I confess it seems to me to be a
large sum. I wish it could bo curtailed, and in
some way, perhaps, it ought to be; but I have no
means of saying how it can be done. The Sen-
ator from Maine, who is a member of the Com-
mittee on Printing, and whom I consulted, says
he sees no way in which it can be done; we have
either to print it or not; and it has been already
ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will excuse
me for interrupting him, I will say there has been
no arrangement made yet in regard to the en-
graving. If the Senate choose, they can dispense
with the maps and drawings, and everything of
that kind. I should not be in favor of it myself,
for I think, having gone so far, and spent so
much money, we had better go through and
make the work what it was intended to be. The
Senate, or at least Congress, can prevent the pub-
lication.
Mr. HUNTER. Of course, such a work as
this would be worth nothing without maps and
drawings. I say, therefore, I do not see, unless
we refuse to print it at all, how we can avoid
paying for it. We have ourselves no means of
saying what it will cost. The estimate comes
from those who are intrusted with the office of
estimating for such things, whose duty it is, who
have more knowledge of such subjects than we
can have. Therefore, we shall have to vote it.
In regard to the general question of voting ap-
propriations for books, I agree entirely with the
Senator from Kentucky; and he will find me
voting with him whenever any proposition is
made to order them; but if he will look into
this matter he will find that he cannot escape
paying for them by simply voting against my
amendment. It appropriates money which we
cannot escape paying, unless we revoke the orders
of the two Houses of Congress under which th©
works are directed to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. Was it not an order of the
Senate alone.
Mr. HUNTER. There.is an order from both
Houses. Unless the Senate can and do revoke
that order, w<5 shall have to pay for the work;
and if we should refuse this appropriation what
would be the effect? There is an appropriation
for the printing of this year, but the appropriation
is not now enough to cover all the demands which
will be made upon it. If we were to vote down
the amendment of the Committee on Finahee, it
would be paid for out of the existing appropri-
ation; and we cannot prevent it unless we revoke
the orders. As that cannot be done, and as there
is a deficiency to this amount, I do not see what
we can do except to pay for the work which has
been done, and to pay"for the work which has
been ordered by the competent authorities.
In regard to the propriety of the original orders,
I agree with the Senator from Kentucky that
some of them ought never to have been made;
but having been made we must carry them out.
I suppose that in some form or shape we ou^ht
to have printed the explorations for a Pacific
railroad; we could not avoid that. I say, then, I
do not see how we can avoid paying for defici-
encies actually estimated, but I shall not vote for
the amendment of the Senator from California,
because I am afraid that by adopting it we shall
be appropriating twice for the same object. The '
appropriations for printing are already immense,
and I do not desire to swell them by any unneces-
sary vote.
Mr. RUSK. It is rather singular that there
has been no opposition to the amendment offered
by the Committee on Finance, to which this is an
amendment, containing an appropriation, I think,
of over $300,000, while this only appropriates
5.49,000. Included within the large appropriation
is that for Gilliss's report, which enormously
encumbers the mail. It gives a history of Chili,
a country outside of our jurisdiction, with which
we have no concern and no interest whatever
There are also, I believe, about four volumes
printed and paid for of the expedition to Japan—
a country over which we have no jurisdiction. I
hear no opposition raised to these appropriations.
Mr. HUNTER. I said 1 consulted the Sena-
tor from Maine to know if we could not stop the
residue of Gilliss's report. He said it was all
printed except the astronomical observations.
Mr. RUSK. The only practicable proposition
in the whole amendment, and the only one which
is likely to result in benefit to the country—I mean
the proposition in reference to the Pacific railroad
explorations—is that which encounters all the
opposition. Those explorations have been within
our own territory, to ascertain the practicability
of a railroad between our Atlantic and Pacific
possessions. The officers charged with that duty-
ascertained the climate of the country, the qual-
ity of its soil, its geological formation, and other
information of a useful and practical character;
and such as. if thrown before the country, will
result in making several lines of settlement from
the Atlantic to the Pacific States. And yet, in
an appropriation of upwards of $300,000 for the
purpose of printing books, this is the only thing
which seems to encounter serious opposition; ana
that too when it is only an appropriation of
$49,000 to complete a work which has already
cost several hundred thousand dollars.
These explorations have been made under a
law of Congress by the officers of the Govern-
ment. Their reports have been made; and tha
maps necessary to illustrate them, and without
which the reports would be to a great extent use-
less, have been prepared with great care and at-
tention, and they are now ready for engraving;
The question is simply will Congress make an
appropriation for the purpose of engraving those
maps in a style corresponding with their useful-
ness. In a few years from this time, on very
many of these lines, we shall see a dense popu-
lation, and that population will be attracted there
by the expenditure of this money and the inves-
tigations which have been made.
If it was wrong to ascertain whether we had a
valuable country between this and the Pacific—if
it was wrong to make any exploration to ascer-
tain whether we could get there over our own
