1446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 23,
ma. X wilJ not vote to admit a Territory as a
State into this Union that has not population
enough which, if in a State, would be sufficient
to entitle the State to a representative, unless under
extraordinary circumstances. I think, when we
arrive at that conclusion, thataTerritory has this
requisite population, we should refer the whole
question to the people of the Territory for them
to decide whether they desire to come in or not.
I will not elaborate, sir, the question which has
been alluded to by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania in reference to our title to Oregon; for my
opinion coincides with his, [Mr. Grow,] and the
opinions which have been given upon this floor
whenever the question has been discussed—opin-
ions, notonly upon thisfloor, butgiven by stales-
men who contested our right to the country, and
claimed that our title came by purchase from
France.
Mr. GROW. AH that I stated about our title
was in reply to the gentleman from Tennessee,
and that m a hypothetical way.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not want to get into
a dispute with the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and if his statement was hypothetical—if it was
a position upon which he was not willing to stand
—no reply is necessary.
Mr. GROW. I am certainly very unfortunate
in making myself understood. I raised no ques-
tion about our title to Oregon from t'rance. The
gentleman from Tennessee alleged that the only
exception of the admission of a State where the
population was less than the representative ratio
was Florida, and he excused that 011 account of
a clause in the treaty of cession from Spain. To
answer his argument, I said there was the same
clause in the treaty of cession from France. If
he recognized that title as good, it would answer
his own argument.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I admit the argument
made by my friend from Pennsylvania was a good
one, and I stand with him. As he avers, our title
to Oregon was derived from France by the Louis-
iana purchase.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I l.jw no information
as to what the population of Oregon js. I line
for tlie purpose of stating f.ie.m of history con-
nected v.'ith thf admission into the Union of States
formed out of Territories of the Union. 1 believe
there never has occurred but one instance among
the eighteen States formed out of Territories and
admitted into the Union, where a State was ad-
mitted with a population less than tin* ratio of
representation in Congress at the time of ndmis-
«ion, and that one instance is the admission of
Florida. If gentlemen know of any other in-
stances, I hope they will cite them to the House.
The Delegate from Oregon eitrj the case of Illi-
nois. He was mistaken in that instance. Illi-
nois was admitted into the Union on the 3d of
December, 1818, with a population, according to
the census of 1820, eighteen months after the date
of admission, of fifty-live thousand two hundred
and eleven, while the ratio of representation was
only thirty-five thousand. These are, facts drawn
from the public records of the country.
Mr. LANE. I wish to say to the gentleman,
that I was mistaken. In looking over the record
I reversed tiie ratio and the population.
Mr. ZOLL1COFFER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] gave other instances.
I heard him but indistinctly, and am not sure
that 1 shall respond to all the instances he cited.
ButI know he was mistaken, and will now under-
take to state the facts to the House.
The State of Ten nesscu was one of tlv in- \
stances cited. That State was admitted into the j
Tjnion in Jun*, i796, with a population—ascer- j
tamed by the territorial census in 1795, one year ■
before admission, and so reported to Congress j
by the then territorial government—of seventy- !
seven thousand, when tlio ratio of representation |
was thirty-three thousand. :
Louisiana was admitted into theUmonin 18152, ;
with a population, ascertained two years before, •
of seventy-six thousand, at a time when the ratio
of representation was thirty-five thousand.
Tiie State of Indiana is another State about
which there have been some questionable facts
stated. She was admitted in December, ISlfi,
with * population of sixty-three thousand, while i
the ratio cf representation was th.rty-five thou- !
sand. j
Mi row: was admitted in 133!, ith a pop-!
ulation of sixty-six thousand, when the ratio of
representation was forty-five thousand. Ark-
ansas was admitted in 1836, with a population of
fifty-two thousand—as House document of the
first session of Twenty-Fourth Congress, volume
• 4, pages 133-'4-'5, will show—when the ratio was
' forty-seven thousand. Mississippi was admitted
with a population of seventy-five thousand, when
the ratio was thirty-five thousand. If there is
any other case about which there is a doubt or
question, I ask that it shall be pointed out. I
refer to the admission documents. These are
facts of history.
Now I do not know what population Oregon
has; but my impression is, that the Territory
should not be admitted into the Union as a State
until it has a population equal to that which
| would entitle it to one representative on the floor
I of Congress. My impression is, that justice to
I the larger States of the Union requires that, when
i you place a State on an equality with the State
j of INew York, for example, or with such a State
j as Pennsylvania—giving it a full equality in the
I Senate of the United States—it should have at
1 least population sufficient to entitle it to one rep-
! resoutativp on the floor of the House.
! Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman allow me a
: moment ? 1 think the gentleman said that the
; case of Florida was an isolated case, and that if
\ there were any other case he did not know it. I
want to state that California, by the census of
185U, the same year that she was admitted, had
a population of 92,507, and was allowed two rep-
resentatives upon this floor, while the ratio of
representation was 93,400. Hy the ratio she had
not population enough for one. Arkansas, by
the census of 1830, immediately preceding her
; admission in 1836, had a population of 28,527,
' while the ratio of apportionment was 47,700.
But I do not propose to consume any more time
on this point.
Mr. M1LLSON. My friend from North Car-
olina [Mr. Clinoman] said just now, that the bill
authorizing the people of Oregon to form a con-
stitutor.-  
Mr. ZOLLICOFFFIt, (interrupting.) Will
the gentleman from Virginia allow me to respond
to the single point made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania with reference to California?
1 understood the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to make an exception in the case of California.
1 now have the fact to state. The population of
California in 1850, according to the census sta-
tistics of the United States, was 92,597, while the
ratio of representation was 70,000 under the ex-
isting law. These are the facts.
Mr. GROW. I stand corrected by the gentle-
man from Tennessee; but this does not change
the statement that I desired to make. It is not a
material fact.
Mr. PHELPS. Also, in connection with the
permission given to the gentleman from Tennes-
j see, I may state another fact with reference to
: the apportionment in California. Some of the
: returns made by the assistant marshals in Cali-
| fornia in the census of 1850, were destroyed by
1 one of the fires in San Francisco; and it was a
! subject-matter of debate here when the apportion-
| ment bill came up how these returns should be
! supplied. It was considered that California had, :
; at the time the census was taken, a population not
j sufficient for two Representatives, but sufficient j
! for one, and with a large fraction besides, and in i
t consequence of that large fraction a second Rep-
! resonUitive was allowed to the State of California,
i Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] said that a bill similar
' to the present had passed the last House of Rep-
resentatives unanimously. If the gentleman from
North Carolina means to be understood that that
. bill received the unanimous approval of the last
I House of Representatives, he is entirely mistaken.
! I have a distinct recollection of the circumstances
I under which that bill passed in Committee of the
' Whole. Some three or four years before, at apre-
; vious session of Congress, I took the opportunity
1 of making opposition to the bill authorizing the ad-
j mission of Oregon into the Union as a State, and,
; as well as I recollect, the opposition was then
J almost entirely confined to myself. But in the
; last Congress, while the House wasin Committee
| of the "Whole, there being but very few members
\ present, and these few, 1 am sorry to say, very
i inattentive to the business of the committee, the
bill was laid aside to be reported to the House
without objection. 1 remarked it; but as I had
taken ground in opposition to a similar bill at
a previous Congress, I did not choose on that
j occasion to make myself conspicuous by being
I the sole opponent of the measure; and I allowed
] the bill to pass without renewing my objection,
| stating to some of my friends afterwards that it
i was to me a subject of surprise that a bill so
j important, and in my judgment having so many
j objectionable features, should be allowed to pass
\ without a word of objection.
' These were the circumstances under which the
| bill passed the House of Representatives, and not
at all because the House intended to give it its
unanimous approval. The bill was sent to the
Senate, and we all remember that there was a de-
bate upon it there. It had been passed here with-
out any restriction or limitation as to population;
but the Committee on Territories in the Senate,
at the head of which stood then, and stands now,
Mr. Douglas, of Illinois, reported an amendment
requiring a population of sixty thousand before
it should come into the Union as a State; and I
! believe that that amendment, reported from the
I Committee on Territories by the Senator from
j Illinois, prevailed in the Senate. Nor is it alto-
i gether correct—as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
j vania [Mr. Grow] said, and as other gentlemen
. have said after him—that this bill failed in the
i Senate simply from want of time, thus leaving the
] impression that there was no objection to it, and
I that it failed only because of the lateness of tho
| session, and because it had not been reached in
> time. I would remind gentleman that that bill
' underwent considerable discussion in the Senate,
' was much opposed in the Senate, and that the
| opposition to it was so fierce and thorough, that
j the Senator from Illinois himself declared, on the
last day of the session, that he had lost all hope
of passing the bill, and would not press it; and
so the bill failed in the Senate at the last Congress
by a very decided majority. I say thus much
for the purpose of disabusing the minds of those
members who may not have been cognizant of
the farts attending the passage of the bill at the
last Congress, and who might have supposed that
it had received the unanimous approval of this
House, and only failed of its passage in the Senate
because of the want of opportunity to enact it into
a law.
Now, while I do not mean to say that I will
ever object to the admission of a new State into
the Union when they challenge us in such a form
as to impose obligations for its admission; while
I would not allow the character of the institutions
of the proposed State to be an objection; I say
that—unlike the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Walker]—I will not give my vote for the intro-
duction of a State into the Union, where, as in
Utah, certain practices are allowed by law. In
| such case I would not put my objections upon
' any technical ground; I am willing to be under-
stood as opposing the admission of any such
State because of the character of its usages. I
need not refer more particularly to them.
Rut while I would adopt this general policy as
to the admission of new States, I must at the
same time say, that I do not profess to be a
member of the progressive Democracy, so called.
I do not look with complacency upon the indefi-
nite extension of our territorial limits. I think
that a philosophical view of the subject will in-
duce strong distrust of the policy of an unlimited
extension of our territorial limits, or the indefinite
multiplication of States. I was glad, then, to
hear my friend from Illinois [Air. Richardson]
say that he would not ask for the admission of
a State into the Union unless she had a popula-
tion equal to that which would entitle a district in
a State to a Representative in Congress. If that
be the view he takes it seems to me that he should
be found with us in opposition to the bill before
the committee: and that upon a preliminary ques-
tion to the admission of a State into the Union he
should be found among those of us who are in
favor of postponing that admission until it shall
be shown that she has the population which the
gentleman acknowledges to be an indispensable
preliminary qualification.
Sir, I should like any gentleman to say what is
the present population of Oregon? I know that
her population, under the last census, was only
thirteen thousand—not thirteen thousand voters*
