78
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30,
Mr. President, I sincerely trust that a better
time is coming for the country than there has
been for some period past. I regret the dissen-
sions which now exist between the two Houses
of Congress. X hope they will be reconciled, and
I can be at no loss m tracing them to their origin.
I am not here as an apologist for any party. I
stand here to do justice to all. I stand here for
my country, to do what 1 think will sustain and
five permanency to her institutions, and improve
er condition as a nation. I will never, under
any circumstances, foster dissension or promote
faction, nor do I conceive that I am doing so
when I occupy my present position before the
world. Though I do not act with a political
party holding the name of that great party with
which it was my pride to act in days gone by, 1
am acting with a political party based upon prin-
ciples winch I approve; principles which must
ultimately obtain in the country, at a more early
period, I think, than has been generally antici-
pated. I know the influence of power and pat-
ronage; I have felt it; but I have an abiding confi-
dence in the intelligence of my countrymen. New
influences will operate on them. They will see
the necessity of doing something; and I hope that
whatever is done will tend to the harmony and
peace of the country, and the preservation of the
Union.
I have heard it in the streets—I have heard it
from official gentlemen—it is not necessary nor
would it be proper for me to name them—that in
a certain contingency, if a gentleman who is now
a candidate for the Presidency should be elected,
resistance will be made, and thousands of bay-
onets will be glistening in this avenue to resist
him. Sir, that sentiment is not worthy of an
American. If I had a twin-brother who uttered
it 1 should certainly rebuke him, if I did not
chastise him I am as much opposed to the can-
didate alluded to as any one. I have no objection
to him personally, but I dislike the idea o'f a
sectional candidate. I think it is calculated to
sectionalize the country, and impair the strength
of tile Union, and of course 1 am necessarily
opposed to his election on principle. If, how-
ever, he receive a constitutional majority of the
electoral votes, and be elected according to the
Constitution, 1 shall recognize him as the Chief
Magistrate of my country. I shall not do hom-
age to the individual, hut I shall bow reverently
to the mandates of the Constitution and the. voice
of the American people. I will submit; every
patriot will submit. You are to judge the tree
by its fruit; but because we are not giatified in
our expectations and our desires about the eleva-
tion of different candidates, we are not to quarrel
and engage in stiife. Any man who is elected
to the presidential chair by the American people,
through the constitutional channel, deserves from
every honest man and every patriot obedience
as the constitutional head of this nation, and he
shall have mine. 1 am glad that the opposite
sentiment does not obtain in the party of which
I am a member. If defeated we shall submit.
If otlicis be triumphant, we shall cooperate in
everything that we conceive is for the country's
good—everything that we think calculated to
promote harmony and peace, and give strength
and perpetuity to the Union and concord to the
American people. These are our sentiments, and
we have none which prevent us from obeying
the Constitution or render us alien to the duty
of good citizens. I trust the day is not distant
when all the troubled waters of our present sec-
tional strife will be quieted—-when agitation will
cease. Though it does not now lash at the base
of the Capitol, or in the Halls of deliberation, it
has reached a dangerous height. I trust a calm
will ensue to this tni-bulency of the elements, and
that peace,joy, tranquillity, and hope, brightened
by delightful visions, will pervade this whole
community!
Mr. WELLER. The Senator fi orn Texas has
satisfied mo that the resolution ought not to be
adopted. I move to lay it on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The PllESI DENT pi o tempore. The business
first in order is the motion of the Senator from
Yi rginta, [Mr. Hunter,] to lay on the table the
bill (S. No. 46fi) introduced by the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,J to alter and amend
the act ot Congress, entitled " An act to organize
the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas," ap-
proved May 30,1854. On that question the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. i vote on this bill for two
reasons; first, because 1 desire to enable the Senate
to have a quorum, and in the second place this
question came up, if i recollect aright, at the
present session, since the departure of the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs] with whom i paired
off. i wish also to say, that in voting against
laying the bill on the table i by no means com-
mit myself to an approval of the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adams. Allen, Baj-nrd, Bright, Brodhead,
Brown, Rutler, Clay, Doujrlas Gcyer, Houston, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson. Jones ol Tennessee. Mason, Pratt, Pugti,
Reid, Toucev, Welter, and VVriglit—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of Tennessee, Crittenden, Durkee,
Foot, Foster, Hailan, Seward, Thompson ot" Kentucky,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—11.
So the bill was laid on the table.
DESKS OF SENATORS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. *The next thing
in order of business is the following resolution
offered by the Senator from New Yorlc, [Mr.
Seward;]
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of the Senate ganse the
desks appiopnated to the use of the meinbeisthereof to be
removed from the Senate Chamber.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the consideration
of that resolution be postponed until the third
Wednesday in December next.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I hope that
will be done.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
further [justness on the tabic.
Mr. HUNTER, i will state to the Senate that
an appropriation bill Will be sent to us from the
House in a lew minutes. I hope Senators will
keep their seats, and not be absent. The bill will
be here directly I am told.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Buiclay, Assistant Cleik, announced
that the House had passed a bill (II. R No.
579) making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
1857.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask that that bill be taken
up and considered now.
There being no objection, the bill was read
twice by its title, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. This is the same bill with
the others, except as to the proviso-. I ask that
the proviso be lead for the information of the
Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided^ That no part of the military ^eiviee of the
United State*, for the support of which nppropijatioiH aie
made by tlin act, ^hall be employed m aid of the entoree-
ment of any rnartment hoietofoio jmsmjU bv the bodies
churning to he the Trrnronal Legu>ldtuic of Kan^a*.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to strike out that pro-
viso.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 526, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Me<sis. Adams, Allen, Bayaid, Bell of Tennes-
see, Bright, liiodhcad, Brown, Butlci, Cuss-, Clay, Cut-
tendon, bought*, Geyer, Houston, Ilimier, Iver*on, John-
son, Jones of Tennessee, Ma^on. Piatt, Pugh,lteid, Thomp-
son ot Kentucky, Toucoy, Weiler, and Wimht—"26.
NAYS—Duikoe, Fool, Foster, IJail.m, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—7.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in, and ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third tinfc. It
was read the third time.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill as amended.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. SEWARD. As 1 suppose this will be the
last vote taken on this bill, £ bog leave to repeat
that I am unable to vote, having paired off; but
for that, I should vote against the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Mes^. Adams, Allen, Bayard. Bright, Brod-
head, iJiown, Butler, Clay, Ciittenden, Douglas,
Geyer, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Mason, Pratt, Pugh, Reid, Thompson of Kentucky,
Toueey, Weiler, and Wnght—25.
NAYS— Messrs. Durkee, Foot, Fostci, Harlan, Trum-
bull. Wade, and Wilson—7.
So the hill was passed.
Mr. CLA3T. I move the Senate take e. recess
until a message shall be received from the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made by unanimous consent. The Chair
jjears no objection.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by. Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendment of
the Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 579) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1857.
- COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resohed, That such of the clerk« of the stan ding com-
mittees as have been on duty duimg the extia session be
paid the usual compensation.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
announced that the House had passed without
amendment the following bills and resolutions of
the Senate:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 37) authorizing
Alexander D. Bache, Superintendent of the Coast
survey, to accept a gold medal presented to him
by the King of Sweden;
An act (S. No. 465) to fix the times of holding
in the State of Delaware the election of a Repre-
sentative in the Congress of the United States;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 12) allowing Dr.
E. K. Kane, and the officers associated with him
in their late expedition to the Arctic seas in search
of Sir John Franklin, to accept such token of
acknowledgment from the Government of Great
Britain as it may please to present.
ACCEPTANCE OF MEDALS.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 31)
authorizing the acceptance of certain medals from
foreign Governments, with an amendment to add
to the second section the words, " and the Repub-
lic of Bremen," so as to make it read:
Sect. 2. And be it further resolved, That Lieutenant
M. F. Maury, of the United Stales Navy, be, and he is
hereby, authorized to accept the gold medals recently pre-
sented to him by the Government-: ot Prussia, and Holland,
and the Rcpubhc of Bremen.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. In the absence of
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
I move a concurrence in the amendment of the
House.
The amendment was concurred in.
PUBLICATION OF DEBATES.
Mr. CASS. I desire to ask the Senate now to
take up the resolution proposing to pay the three
papers in this city for publishing the debates.
Mr. MASON. I hope not. That resolution
hasaheady been acted on by the Senate, I believe,
by laying it on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be read.
The Secretary read the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Brown on the 9th of August:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay from the
contingent tund of the Senate, to the proprietors of the
Union. National Intelligencer, and Sentinel, for publishing
the debate* and proceedings of the Senate for the last two
Congresses, and up to the conclusion of the present ses-
sion, at the rate of $4 50 per column: Provided, That any
of said journals who may have already been paid for any
portion of the above seivice, shall not be again paid for the
same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, a resolution of
this character has been offered several times here-
tofore within my recollection, and never has it
had the vote of the Senate in its favor. It is a
proposition to pay certain papers in Washington
for publishing the proceedings of Congress, or
the speeches of the members of the two Houses
of Congress, which they properly publish at their
own discretion, as a duty incumbent on them
to their subscribers. A newspaper at the city
of Washington would be of very little compara-
tive value out of the city, unless it gave inform-
ation of the proceedings of Congress, and gave
