1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1447
but her whole population only amounted to that
number. Since that time the Territory of Wash-
ington has been formed out of the Territory, thus
reducing thatnumber—how much I cannot say. I
am aware that the increase of population in these
new Territories is very rapid; but I cannot close
my eyes to the fact that, upon the passage of the act
of 1848-*49 for the organization of the Territory,
there were some six, eight, or ten thousand in-
habitants, and that, when the census was taken
in 1850, the population had only increased to thir-
teen thousand. The increase, as the fact shows,
was slow then; and what reason have we to be-
lieve that, since that time, it has increased to
such an extent as now to constitute a population
of more than ninety thousand inhabitants, even
leaving out of view the fact that the Territory of
Washington has since been taken from it?
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Giivw]
has stated to the House, that the number of pop-
ulation with which a State came in made no dif-
ference in her representation in the House, but
only in the Senate. Now, sir, I think I shall be
ible to show that his statement is erroneous.
Mr. GROW. I desire only to say, that the
gentleman has reversed my statement. I said,
that the number of population with which a State
came in made no difference with its representation
—that it only affected the House.
Mr. LANE. I desire, if the gentleman will
allow me, to state some facts in connection with
the remarks he is making.
Mr. MILLSON. I will yield to the gentleman
from Oregon for that purpose; but first I desire
to reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I
wish to show* that the statement, as he now makes
it, is also erroneous. I say, that if it be the
established principle and policy of the Govern-
ment to admit new States into the Union without
any restriction as to population, then an unscru-
pulous majority in Gongiess might go on and
make States to an extent that would entirely de-
stroy the balance between the States, which it
was the intention of the framers of our Govern-
ment to preserve. What limit is there to the right
of Congress, not only to form new Territories
where no territorial governments now exist, but
to divide and subdivide the Territories now or-
ganized ? The Territory of Oregon was divided,
and Washington created out of it. The proposed
Territory of Nebraska was divided, and Kansas
and Nebraska created out of it. According to this
rule, a majority of Congress may divide and sub-
divide Kansas, Nebraska, Oregon, Washington,
and Minnesota, until they shall come into the
Union as States, with two hundred Senators in
the Senate of the United States, each representing
only six, eight, ten, or fifteen thousand inhab-
itants. A gentleman near me very justly suggests
that it would be restoring the rotten-borough
system of England, which they have found it
necessary to do away with.
I say that I know of no reason, upon the prin-
ciple which thegentleman from Pennsylvania has
announced, why we should not divide Washing-
ton, Oregon, Kansas, Nebraska,and Minnesota,
so that there should be but five thousand popula-
tion in each division, and then admit them as States
if a majority in Congress could be found to do
it. If you establish the precedent, that a State
may come into the Union with fifty thousand in-
habitants, there can be no impropriety in admit-
ting one with forty-five thousand. That might
be a precedent for the admission of a new State
with a population of forty thousand; that for a
population of thirty-five thousand, twenty-five
thousand, until you might get it down to five
thousand. And all this is to be left to the dis-
cretion of a bare, absolute majority in Congress,
unchecked by any principle of policy, or by any
rule of constitutional construction.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Agreeing with the
fcntlcman from Virginia, I would like to have
im tell me what evidence would satisfy his mind
that a Territory possesses the requisite population
to form a State? Does he insist that it must be
the official census of the United States? If so,
then we know that in all probability that census
will not be taken before 1860. If he does not
require that official evidence, then what better
evidence can he ask than the statement of the
Delegate, who says that at his last election he re-
ceived fifteen thousand votes?
In my own district, with a population of ninety
thousand inhabitants, being a sparse population,
I have never known over twelve thousand votes
cast at any election. I direct my friend's atten-
tion to this point. I am always delighted to
hear him. I want him to tell me what evidence
would be satisfactory to his mind that the Terri-
tory possessed the requisite population.
Mr. MILLSON. I take pleasure in respond-
ing to my friend from Maine; and when he asks
me what evidence, I would say to him, very
frankly, that I do not know. Just such evidence
as will produce conviction on the minds of men.
He might as well ask a jury empanneled for the
purpose of determining the guilt or innocence of
a party, what evidence they wanted ? The an-
swer would be, satisfactory evidence. And I say
to the gentleman that 1 do not mean that no other
evidence would be satisfactory but the evidence
of the official decennial enumeration of the inhab-
itants of the Union.
But it is not a question of c\idence at all; it is
a question of principle. The question is, whether
there ought to be this population? and when we
determine that, we ought to require this popula-
tion; then, when the question of admission comes
up, and it is denied that this population exists,
gentlemen may argue on the question of evidence.
We are now laying down the principle, that there
ought to be this policy. The question of what
evidence ought to be required does not affect the
propriety of the principle, that we ought not to
admit a State into the Union without, at least,
some evidence of the extent of her population.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I will answer the ques-
tion by stating that the General Government,
in the absence of the United States census, has
heretofore relied upon a census take'n under the
authority of the Territorial Legislature.
Mr. MILLSON. At the last session of Con-
gress, the Committee on Territories of the Senate,
on motion of Mr. Douglas, of Illinois, required
this Territory to have sixty thousand inhabitants.
One would suppose that, m view of that fact, on
anotherapplication, some means would have been
taken to satisfy Congress as to the population of
the Territory; but the Territory lias furnished
no means of informing Congress of the extent of
her population, though she had ample notice that
some evidence, at least, would be required to
show that population, from the adoption by the
Senate of the amendment of the Committee on
Territories.
I now say to my friend from Oregon that I shall
be glad to h<jar his observations.
Mr. LANE. I will wait until the gentleman
has finished.
Mr. GROW. I ask to correct the statement
of the gentleman from Illinois, as well as remarks
of the gentleman from Missouri. It will be recol-
lected that the apportionment was made in the
session previous to the taking of the last census.
California was admitted in September following.
The ratio at that time, instead of being seventy-
three thousand, as I was under the impression it
was, was ninety-three thousand four hundred
and twenty; and the discussion referred to by the
gentleman from Missouri occurred at the next
Congress—the Congress of 1851—almost two
years after the admission of California. I correct
the statement, then, and say that, at the time
California was admitted, the apportionment re-
quired ninety-three thousand four hundred and
twenty. By the census taken that same fall she
had a population of pnly ninety-two thousand
five hundred and ninety-seven.
Mr. PHELPS. With the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia, I will respond to a
suggestion just thrown outby the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. Tiie gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania does not deny the correctness of the state-
ment made by me, and that was, that m the census
of 1850 a portion of the returns from California
were destroyed by fire. I am now able to state
that the returns from two other counties—San
Francisco and Santa Clara—never reached the
census bureau. During the next Congress a dis-
cussion arose with regard to tiie mannerin which
Representatives had been assigned to represent
the fractions. The delegation from California
were here ready to present a census of the State
taken in 1852. It was shown that returns had
not been made m 1830 from entire counties of that
State—that there was no return from the county
of San Francisco, the most populous county of
the State. Congress then, by a subsequent act,
gave California one additional member.
Mr. GROW. When California was admitted,
she was allowed two Representatives, and none
of the information the gentleman now speaks of
was before Congress. She was allowed two Rep-
resentatives, when a few months afterwards it
was shown that her population was not more
than ninety-two thousand.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania displays an ignorance on the subjcct
that is unpardonable. The Representatives electcd
to the next Congress thereafter—those whose
term of service commenced in the year 1851—were
elected under the apportionment of the census
of 1840.
A Member. Eighteen hundred and fifty.
Mr. PHELPS. No; 1840. I know what I
say. The members whose term of service com-
menced in 1851 were clected under the apportion-
ment of the census of 1840.
Mr. GROW. Did not the census bill pass in
1849- 550 ?
Mr. PHELPS. I was elected in 1852 to a Con-
gress commencing in 1853; and in the latter year
Missouri had to have a special election to fill out
her representation on this fioor, under the census
of 1850. So the Representatives from California
to the Congress commencing in 1851 were elected
under the apportionment of one Representative to
every seventy thousand and odd; and it was no-t
until the Congress commencing in 1853, that there
was a representation in this House in accordance
with the census of 1850.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. The act of 1849-'50
not only fixed the ratio, but also the number of
which this House should be composed, viz: two
hundred and thirty-three members. The act was,
therefore, two-fold in its nature—it fixed both the
ratio of representation and the number of mem-
bers. I recollect that California was admitted
with two members in September, 1850, on a con- -
jectural population. When the census was taken,
looking to the ratio and the number fixed, either
California or South Carolina must be deprived of
a member; and thus it was that the number was
increased by special resolution to two hundred
and thirty-four.
Mr. MILLSON. I have but one remark more
to submit, and it is to say, that, in making this
opposition to the admission of Oregon into the
Union, or rather in pressing this advocacy of the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, I hope I am not at all understood as pre-
senting these views, in reference to the applica-
tion of the proposed new State, with any regard
to the institution of slavery existing in the south-
ern States of the Union. 1 never have voted, and
I never will vote, for the organization and admis-
sion of a State into the Union with reference to
any such question. 1 trust tliere is nothing in
my whole past course which will induce any gen-
tleman to infer that I would refuse to admit into
the Union a State with a constitution prohibiting
slavery, where the prohibition was fairly made;
and that I would not vote for it with as much
readiness as I would vote for the admission of a
State which should apply for admission with such
a constitution as exists m my own State.
I place my objection to the present character of
this bill upon the general effect of this kind of
legislation. I do not distrust the State of Oregon,
wnen she shall become a State; for there is noth-
ing in her past career, which induces any appre-
hension that her course will be an unfriendly one
to the section of country from which I come, or
that she will send an unfriendly representation to
Congress. I do not know but that, if we needed
i strength in the Federal councils, we might be
' actually strengthened by the admission of Oregon.
But I trust that this objection, which belongs to
the bill, which cannot be separated from the bill,
will prevent for all time to come, the admission
of new States into the Union until they come
with such a population as shall be equal, at least,
to the number which entitles any district in a
State to a representative in Congress.
Mr. LANE. I wish to say a word or two.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will allow me to make a few remarks first.
Mr. LANE. I have the floor; and I desire to
follow tiie gentleman who has just taken his seat.
My friend from Virginia, wno last addressed
the committee, and for whom I entertain the high-
