THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 27, 1856.
New Series No. 46.
out on account of that alone nearly a million and
a quarter of dollars! and yet the Government is
not in possession of a single copy of the work.
I inquired the actual expense of printing Perry's
book of the Japan expedition, and he tells me
§200,000! "Within a few years back the Gov-
ernment has gone down, down on this subject
beyond the worst anticipations and fears of the
men who were here twenty years ago. This
monstrous evil must be arrested. I think we all
agree that this book-making must be abandoned.
How shall it be done ? Honorable gentlemen tell
lis we must not vote against this proposition to
complete books, the printing of which is com-
menced now; that such a course will not remedy
the difficulty; that this work relating to Japan is
half finished, and that Gilliss's work is printed.
X understand the work relating to Commodore
Perry's expedition is full of pictures and most
costly engravings of shells, and birds, and snakes,
and bugs in Japan, with God knows how many
maps that are appended to it of surveys.
Now, sir, I should like to hear something prac-
tical suggested as to the course we ought to adopt
hereafter, to prevent the recurrence of a similar
state of things. It appears to me that the Com-
mittee on Finance of this body must be mainly
relied upon to correct these evils in future. I know
of no effectual remedy, unless it can be had
through the committees of the Senate. It is their
duty to look into these matters, and apprise us,
when propositions for printing such books are
made in the Senate, what is to be the whole cost
of the books. What Senator supposed, when
he voted for printing Wilkes's book, that it was
to cost what the superintendent now states?
Mr. HALE. How much ?
Mr. CLAYTON. Ho says nearly §1,250,000,
and $300,000 for Perry's work on Japan. Who
imagined that we were to go to such an enormous
expense when those propositions were made ?
When such propositions are made, the Senate
should be informed of the whole expense they
are about to incur. I hope that hereafter we
shall refuse to vote for any proposal for printing
books like this until we know the length, breadth,
heighth and depth of it.
It is often said, when a proposition for printing
a book is made, that the work is to cost but a few-
thousand dollars; and gentlemen, in the liberality
of their hearts, say: " Well, it is no great matter;
let it go;" but when we are called on to foot the
bill, we find that we have been expending hun-
dreds of thousands, and millions of dollais. In
regard to this book of Commodore Perry, if the
work is not more than half done, I would prefer
to pay all damages, all expenses incurred, and
get rid of it; and so in regard to Gilliss's book.
This must, however, be the subject of inquiry,
and I do not know any committee to which we
could look with more confidence to arrest these
evils than the Committee on Finance; and to that
committee it seems to me the whole subject most
properly belongs.
Mr. GEYER. I do not propose to go into the
general subject of printing or economy in the pub-
lic expenditures. I desire to confine myself to the
facts connected with the question before the Sen-
ate. There was no specific appropriation, it is to
be borne in mind, for any of these works—none
for the printing of either of the works now to be
paid for. There was no specific appropriation for
the engraving. There was a general appropria-
tion made in advance for printing and engraving
for this year. The books were ordered to be pub-
lished at the Thirty-Third Congress—some of
them at the first session, and the residue at the
second session of that Congress. The appropri-
ation for the paper and printing was an aggregate
sum. It turns out that that appropriation has
been exhausted in the publication of otherworks,
and not a cent of it has been applied to the pub-
lication of either Gilliss's report, or the railroad
exploration, or the Japan expedition report.
This estimate is now made to cover the entire ex-
penses of those works. The railroad exploration
report, it is said, will amount to six volumes, and
46
will cost $170,000 for the publication which was
ordered by the Thirty-Third Congress. That
amount, which is proposed to be incorporated in
the bill by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, is the entire cost of all the work. Two
volumes of Gilliss's report have been published;
and one volume of the railroad exploration, of
which five volumes remain to be published. We
have the estimate for those five volumes, and there
is no estimate for the engraving. Gentlemen,
therefore, labor under a mistake when they sup-
pose that the appropriation proposed by the selcct
committee interferes at all with the estimates made
by the Superintendent of Printing. He has esti-
mated for the printing of the six volumes of the
railroad exploration, but not a dollar for the en-
graving.
Mr. HUNTER. We supposed that he included
in his estimates last year, the engraving for this
fiscal year. He estimated for what would be the
whole expense of his department, including en-
graving; and now, when he makes an estimate
for deficiencies, lie specifics items in which he
supposes there will be deficiencies, but he asks
for no deficiency in regard to engraving.
Mr. GEYER. He estimates this as a deficiency;
that is to say, he estimates that $170,000 will be
required to pay for the publication of the six
volumes, and he does not includc in that sum a
single cent for the engraving of the maps. The
only question is, whether that is not as much a
deficiency as the cost of printing any one of the
volumes. If we are to pay for the printing of
books as a deficicncy in this bill, why not pay for
engraving also? The only question, it seems to
me, is whether we shall have the engraving, as
proposed by the Secretary of War, or whether
we shall have a mere lithograph, which it is said
by those who pretend to understand the subject
—I do not—is altogether inappropriate for this
species of work.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I rise to reply
to some remarks of the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Clayton,] in relation to the Committee on
Finance. He complains of the appropriations for
books, and says that it is the duty of the Finance
Committee to prevent them. How is it their
duty more than that of any other committee?
What do the Finance Committee know of them?
I did not know until this morning that the Sen-
ator from Delaware had moved to print ten thou-
sand copies of a map brought in here. This is a
matter which belongs properly to the Committee
on Printing. Whenever the Finance Committee
endeavor to prevent the insertion of amendments
which they regard as improper to appropriation
bills, they are accused of exceeding their juris-
diction; and bow can they prevent them unless
they get somebody to vote with them ? Does
that Senator vote against these appropriations?
I suspect I have voted against many more of
them than he has, and yet he says it is the duty
of the Committee on Finance to see to this matter
of printing, and that they ought to be able to ex-
plain it. Why, sir, how can we explain it other-
wise than by presenting the estimate of the com-
petent authorities ? They say this amount is due,
that it is necessary to execute orders—made by
whom? P>y the Executive ? No, sir; butTjy Con-
gress itself. These are orders made by Congress
itself.
Suppose you refuse this appropriation; the
order is in existence, and unless you repeal it,
the printer will go on printing these books; and
will he not claim to be paid out of the exist-
ing appropriation as long as it lasts ? There is
an appiopriation for the .present fiscal year for
printing for this session of Congress. The print-
ers would go on to execute the orders of the
Senate and House, and as long as the appropri-
ation lasted they would be paid as much as for
printing your reports and journals, or any other
portion of the public printing. The only mode
of remedying it, if it can be done, is by revoking
the order's which have been made; and that is a
remedy which can only be partially applied, be-
! cause we cannot revoke ordersmade by the House
of Representatives, though we can revoke those
made by ourselves.
If the Senator can tell me how we can stop any
of these books, and will present us a mode of ac-
complishing it, he will find me voting with him. I
have not voted for Gilliss's report, or any of these
books; I have always opposed them; but when
we inquire in relation to them, we are told that
all has been printed which we did not want, and
all that is yet to be printed is the astronomical
observations. Will he stop that ? I understand
from the Senator from Maine, who is a member
of the Committee on Printing, that the most im-
portant and the most expensive portion of the
Japan work has been executed. If so, it would
be useless to stop it now. If none of it has been
executed, or but little has been executed, I will
vote to revoke the order for printing it. Then let
him bring in his proposition. When he wishes
to obtain explanations in regard to printing,
why does he not inquire of the Printing Commit-
tee which was created for that purpose? The
Committee on Finance have no jurisdiction of
that subject. All that we have to do is to pro-
pose appropriations for moneys which are re-
quired in the execution of some law, or by some
order of Congress. This deficiency is presented
to us as one which will be required in order to
execute orders made by Congress itself, not by
the Executive. There is nobody responsible for
it but Congress; and those are responsible who
voted for the printing, and not those who voted
against it. Now, sir, a word in regard to the
deficiencies in this bill. Take the deficiency in
the War Department. The Senator from Ken-
tucky must perceive, on reflection, that it is not
to pay for money expended against law, but it is
because there is a current branch of the public
service—the military branch—for which we have
not appropriated money enough. If we choose,
we can refuse this appropriation; we can recall
our Army from the field; we can stop the defense
of the frontier.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understand that I am
voting now upon an amendment to an amend-
ment, which amendment to an amendment makes
an appropriation of §49,000 for printing maps.
That is all I am voting against.
Mr. HUNTER. I agree with the Senator if
that is all; but I understand him to be against the
whole deficicncy bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. My remarks on defi-
ciency bills were general. I do not know any-
thing about this.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to say, in regard to
this bill, that I believe it contains no item to pay
for money expended without the authority of law.
If it does, I am not aware of it.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I certainly have
no disposition to prolong this debate, for I am
very anxious to vote. The debate has already
taken a very wide range, and I trust that the dis-
cussion will have a useful influence upon the future
policy of the Government on this subject of print-
ing. It is very obvious that the system has been
one of great liberality, if not of prodigality. I
am one of those who would endeaver, as far as
my feeble judgment would enable mo to do so, to
discriminate properly in this business of printing.
I have no idea that we shall ever discard it so en-
tirely as some Senators suggest. A great number
of works, such as reports of explorations of the
country which intervenes between the Mississippi
river and the Pacific—an enterprise not within
the reach of individual means—may be legitimate
hereafter, as I think it has been in this instance.
But, sir, it is not forme to discuss the wisdom
of the policy of Congress in ordering these ex-
plorations. I may say, however, that if it were
possible to designate a useful purpose, it is just
such an object as is covered by this survey—that
which discovers the character of a vast unoccu-
pied country intervening between the States of this
Union. When we have acquired that informa-
tion, the simple question is whether we shall put
it in proper form for preservation and reference,
and use hereafter. A proper engraving, such as
