712
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 1,
34th Con ....1st Sess.
Party Platforms—Mr. Thompson, of Kentucky.
Senate.
f&ted; but let the Government have no more to
0 with the strife. Suppose the claim is rejected
and destroyed, and that the United States shall
prevail in the coiitcst with one of the holders of
these old Spanish claims, what will be done with
the land ? It would be preempted by the squatter,
or would be exposed to private entry at $1 25
per acre. And what difference does it, or can it
make to the Government whether one man or
another obtains the land ? Can there be such a
difference as to justify us in litigating the title
to the bitter end with the claimant under the
foreign grant ?
1 have been surprised to find a difference of
opinion as to the propriety of passing this bill to
exist between the Representatives from Califor-
nia. That difference of opinion has induced me
to enter into an expression of my own views more
at large than I should otherwise have deemed
necessary. The Representatives of California are,
however, not alone interested in this matter. The
United States have a treaty obligation to execute,
which appeals directly to every one of us; and,
besides, the proper course for this Government,
in the matter of land claims in California, is the
question—not what course California herself shall
take. It is the conduct of the United States that
is the subject for deliberation. My flwn opinion
is decided upon the question. The prosperity
and advancement of California measurably de-
pends on our determination.
Your committee have believed that California
has a right to have the grievance remedied. If
you dismiss the bill upon your table, and refuse
to confirm what the tribunals respectively have
confirmed prior to January last, California will
feel the blow for a long time to come, and its
effects will be visible in her future career and in
the style of her improvements. I can fancy no
sound reason why the bill should fail; but if you
listen to those who are disposed to destroy this
bill, California must expect to reap the whirlwind
of ruin.
I will now commit the bill to the judgment of
the House, and ft the management of others.
PARTY PLATFORMS.
SPEECH OF HON. J. B. THOMPSON,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the Senate, July 1, 1856.
The Senate having under consideration the bill to au-
thorize the people of the Territory of Kansas to form a
Constitution and State Government, preparatory to their
admission into the Union on equal terms' with tlie original
State*,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, said:
Mr. President: Prom the origination of the
act to organize the Territories of Kansas and
Nebraska, until this time, I have studiously
avoided the discussion of that measure, or any-
thing connected with it. I have not opened my
mouth in this body upon any question in relation
to those Territories; but I feel it to be my duty
to say a few words now in consequence of the
position which I occupy, and in reference to the
party in the State of Kentucky by which I was
elected to this body—a party with which I have
always cooperated—a party of which I am and
always have been proud—the old Whig party
of the State of Kentucky. In consequence of my
connection with them, 1 desire to take this occa-
sion to submit, briefly, my views on this ques-
tion, and also on a few other matters on which I
desire them to understand my position.
In 1850, previous to the death of General Tay-
lor, it is very well known that the agitation of the
slavery question all over the country had risen to
an alarming and tempestuous height. Just at that
time there came from the State of Kentucky to the
Senate of the United States, Henry Clay, a man
wh®, at that period, stood in the position of a
fretermitted candidate of his own party for the
'residency; a man between whom and the Ex-
ecutive, (General Taylor,) though of his own
political school, a coldness had grown up; a man
'Wio bad no party in this body, and no controlling
party in the other House; a man with nothing to
stand upon but his name, his influence, and the
prestige of his position. Standing in such a con-
dition, he procured the passage of the measures
of 1850, wliich gave repose to the country, and
settled the agitation of tne slavery question. This
I regarded as the greatest parliamentai v triumph
in the world—a greater victory than tne battles
of Trafalgar, or of the Nile, or of Waterloo. As
an humble follower, I mustered under him in that
fight.
After the question was supposed to have been
settled in this manner, a second question arose,
or rather was forced upon the country. We had
possessed for many years the land which now
composes the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska,
and the question of organizing these Territories
was forcing itself on the consideration of the
country. I am free to admit that at the time when
this was presented to the Senate, if I had followed
out my own individual convictions, I should not
have voted for the organization of these Territo-
tories. I looked upon the measure as premature
and uncalled for I thought they ought to be
reserved for the Indians, who were fading away
fast enough before our approach.
One objection which I entertained was, that
the measure opened two new Territories for an
emigration of foreigners, in my opinion worse
than the Indian occupants. When the bill was
first introduced, in 1854, it provided for the
organization of but one Territory. Whence it
came, or how it camfe, scarcely anybody knows,
but the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] has
always had the credit of its paternity. I believe
he acted patriotically for what he thought best
and right. In a short time, however, we found
a provision for a division—for two Territories—
Nebraska, the larger one, to be a free State, as I
understood, and as to Kansas, the smaller one,
repealing the Missouri compromise, and we of
the South taking our chance for it. This was
certainly a beneficial arrangement to the North,
and the bill was passed in that way.
Such was my anxiety to get clear of the slavery
agitation that I even voted for that bill, although
it extended the right of suffrage to all inhabitants,
foreigners—I suppose they were to be white
people, and therefore I will not say, as I felt
inclined to say, foreigners of every hue and color
—but the bill provided that any man who came
from Germany or Ireland, or any place on the
face of God 'sglobe where a man was white enough
to vote, on arriving on American soil, and going
to this Territory, should, under the idea of squat-
ter sovereignty, have the privilege of voting. I
swallowed that bill, containing even this pro-
vision, under the hope, and with the belief, that
we might legislate this question out of Congress.
I am sorry that I ever did it. My friend from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] in the bill now before
the Senate, qualifies that provision, and requires
that they shall at least have taken an oath of
intention to becomecitizens,and thus have become
half-way citizens. That is one inducement to
vote for his bill, as preferable to the others.
Mr. President, during the pendency of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill we were told by the Sena-
tor from New York, [Mr. Seward,] the high
priest of his party—who probably could make
such a prophecy come true whether it would
naturally happen or not, on account of his ability
and power in that party, an urbane gentleman, a
man of ability and forecast and thought—that
this question would come back before Congress.
It was remitted to the Territories, as I then sup-
posed and now believe, under our omnipotent
power to send down to the Territories this ques-
tion, with such instructions and directions and
giving them such control as we pleased in refer-
ence to everything. I did not suppose that this
agitating question of slavery would be brought
back here by the people themselves. It is not a
question which, in my opinion, will substantially
continue to control the destinies of the country.
The agitation is based on one idea; it is built
upon false foundations, gotten up on false prin-
ciples, and rests on wrong philosophy.
One of the pillars on which those who agitate
this question pretend to rest is, that it is a philan-
thropic act to arrest the extension of slavery.
Sir, on that point I have always had a faith, the
philosophy of which has controlled me, that is
this: it doe* not matter by what geographical
| lines you attempt to settle this matter. No more
j slaves can be brought into the United States, for
the slave trade is, by law, declared to be piracy.
The slaves now in the United States, whether
confined to their present limits, or scattered over
the new Territories, will be but the same slaves
that are now within the States, and their increase.
The more you scatter them, and allow them to
become household and menial servants, the better
they are cared for, the better they are protected;
they improve in morals, in manners, in appear-
ance, even in shape; and they increase faster,
because they are better fed and better taken care
of. They, too, are much apter to be manumitted,
and provided for by deed or will, because, being
members of the household, not field hands, they
are nearer the hearthstones and the hearts of their
owners by such continual proximity and associa-
tion.
If you carry out the idea of restricting them
and limiting them far down in the South, where
by their numbers they will suffocate, you will
kill them as effectually as the old farmer does the
hive of bees before he gets the honey, or as Mar-
shal Pelissier smoked one thousand Arabs to death
in a cave for the purpose of extinction. This
idea of philanthropy and kindness to the negroes
is a mere delusion—a pretense. If slavery were
extended to Ohio and Indiana and Illinois, the
negro would be better off and better taken care of,
and sooner set free. The geographical line does
not control the social and moral question at all.
! There is nothing in it. Whether it goes over ihe
line or not does not touch that question.
Sir, we have been told by some gentlemen that
a white man will not labor with the negro. Why,
sir, the free and the slave States border on the
Ohio river for nine hundred miles on the Kentucky
side, and none of them seem to be poisoned as
: if a upas tree were planted there on account of
! the negro being on one side. I have no faith in
the noxious influence of negroes because they
happen to be located at a particular place. A jea-
lous, envious fellow, who cannot sit in the shade
himself and have a negro to work for him, may
think probably that it does injure his working
powers, and that there is something wrong in it;
but when you come to the philosophy and sense
of the thing, you find that there is no more in it
than there is in the idea of the uneducated negroes
in the West Indies, who, when they are about to
die from witchcraft and conjuration, charge it to
what they call the putting of'' Ebo'' on them, which
is done by old negro witches. It is as senseless
as the ideaentertainedbysomeof the old Virginia
and Kentucky negroes that, if you yoke a bull
and a steer together, one by the mere association
so poisons the other that he canrifet last and work
with him. The talk about a man not laboring if
a negro crosses a certain geographical line is the
simplest hypocrisy in the world. You cannot
regulate it by line.
This whole agitation is gotten up for sectional
purposes, because those on a certain side of
Mason and Dixon's line see that they have a pre-
ponderance. They have the long end of the
swingle-tree, and they say to themselves, " If we
can get up asectional feeling, our side will always
win, because we have the majority of the votes."
This is the real truth, in my opinion. An artifi-
cial, factitious, demagogical side issue made up,
and contrived to win the offices and patronage of
the Republic.
Gentlemen have spoken about the " slave
power." Sir, what is the slave power? Pray
define it distinctly. What is it? Not more than
one man in five in the southern States owns ne-
groes, and in some portions not that many. The
slaves do not vote; they have no control over
their masters. Then the idea of the slave power
is a hallucination of the mind. The word is got
up just like charms and amulets are; it is a piece
of craft and wily cunning to delude the foolish by
a catchword. This talk of the slave power re-
minds me of the man standing back with a theat-
rical air, and exclaiming, " Is this a dagger that
I see before me ?" Gentlemen, when they use the
expression look as if the slave power was some
reality—something in fact recognized by the Con-
stitution and by law, which would stab them.
Will any Senator give me a definition of the slave
power? Sir, it is a mere catchword—a slang
