722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
will be permanent, such as the Senate can use
and the public can use, is entirely proper and
necessary in my judgment.
I agree very fully with what has been said in
reference to other works. I think the publication
of the work of Lieutenant Gilliss, at least the nar-
rative, was an unnecessary expenditure. I do
not wish, however, to go into that. My object
in rising was to arrive at the practical point now
before the Senate. The first difficulty seemed to
me to be a conflict as to the jurisdiction of the
Superintendent of Public Printing, and the duty
which would be devolved on the Secretary of
War, by the amendment of the Senator from
California. It has been satisfactorily shown that
there will be no difficulty on that point.
Then, what next ? There was a question as to
whether the amendment involved a duplicate ap-
propriation. The chairman of the Committee on
Finance has presented a proposition for the ag-
gregate of the deficiencies in printing, and he very
properly asks that it shall be placed on the defi-
ciency bill. He still maintains, however, that
the proposition of the Senator from California is
ail additional and duplicate appropriation of
$49,000. I am very much inclined, to go with the
chairman of the Committee on Finance on that
point; but, fit the same time, I desire to attain
the end presented by the Senator from California.
I agree with him that, inasmuch as these explor-
ations hare been ordered, and the surveys have
been made, the maps should be put in proper
form.
Now, I desire to suggest to the Senator from
California, that he modify his amendment to this
effect, that $49,200, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, shall be appropriated for the object
indicated m his amendment. With that modifi-
cation I will vote for it.
Mr. WELLEIl. I have 110 objection to that.
Mr. B1GLER. I shall vote for the amendment
as modified, with the distinct understanding that
all this work has been ordered, and that we are
merely executing the former orders of Congress.
I agree with the chairman of the Committee on
Finance that, unless we revoke the order, the
work will progress, and we shall have it all pub-
lished and paid for in the end. It is economical—
it is wise and right to make the appropriation
promptly. If it be wrong, we should be more
cautious hereafter, as I have no doubt, from the
indications aiuuml me, we shall be.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I was prob-
ably misunderstood by the honorable Senator
from Virginia. 1 thought ho seemed inclined to
suppose that I designed to censure him or the
Committee on Finance. Nothing was further
from iny purpose. My object was to bring the
subject to the notice oi that committee particu-
larly, and to invite them in future to draw the at-
tention of the Senate to these enormous expend-
itures whenever they are proposed; and I took
the libei ty to say to tin.' honorable gentleman, and
I take it again, that 1 view it to be the peculiar
duty of that committee, above all others here, to
admonish us wihen we are about to go into any
system of extravagance. Is it not so, sir? J
mentioned the fact that there had been appropria-
tions for Wilkes's book to the enormous amount
of nearly $1,250,000, and the honorable Senator
tolls me ( ought to make inquiries in reference to
that of the Committee on Printing, and not of the
Committee on Finance; that they are responsible
for the Senate's want of knowledge on this sub-
ject. Not so. The subject of printing Wilkes's
hook has never been referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. HUNTER. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library, and they arc responsible
for that.
Mr. CLAYTON. Now he changes his posi-
tion, and says it is the Committee on the Library
that is responsible. I believe that committee has
always done its duty. Sir, I say it is the duty
of the Committee on Finance to give us informa-
tion on such subjects. They take charge of all
the appropriation bills, and therefore wo have a
right to expect they will sound the alarm when
such extravagant expenditures shall be proposed
in future.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state to the Senator
that many appropriations are put on the general
bills which are never seen by the Committee on
Finance until they are brougnt here from some
other committee—neither the amendments nor
the estimates on which they are founded.
Mr. CLAYTON. Undoubtedly that is true;
but it is also true that, when the appropriation
bills are reported by the Committee on Finance,
they then contain the far greater part of all the
appropriations which we actually pass. Amend-
ments are proposed by committees, I know; and
when a committee docs propose an extravagant
scheme, it ought to be held accountable for it by
the Senate; but still, the members of the Finance
Committee are theproperpersons to guard against
such amendments; and, sir, if we are not to rely
on this committee as the one whose peculiar duty
it is to check this extravagance, I do not know
what body of Senators we should resort to.
I repeat, again, it was no portion of my intention
to cast any imputation on that committee; I know
well with what ability it has performed its duties;
and I spoke rather for the purpose of asking for
the future that that committee, which must be
better acquainted with all the expenditures of the
Government than any other in the Senate, will
lend their assistance, and give us information
whenever any other committee, or anybody here,
proposes to go into one of these extravagant
schemes again.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know what
the Committee on Finance can do? When the
Senate has ordered, under the recommendation
of another committee, a map to be printed, what
can they do but propose to appropriate the money
necessary to pay for it? If the Committee on
Printing recommend the printing of an extra
number of documents, it is left to them to say
whether it is proper to print so many; and when
the order has been made, what can the Committee
on Finance do but propose to appropriate the
money ? It is too late, then, for them to propose
any inquiry into the propriety of the particular
number ordered. They are not responsible for
that; but they arc responsible for presenting no
appropriations which are not required by law,
and for presenting no excess of expenditure under
the law. That is the extent of their responsibility,
and no more. Nor are they even responsible for
the appropriation bills as they finally pass; be-
cause it often happens that many of the larger
items aie placed on them, not by that committee,
but by some other committee, of the one House
or the other—items which they perhaps have
never seen until they arc offered.
Mr. CLAYTON. I would like to inquire what
other committee could give us better infoimation
m regard to such extravagance as Wilkes's book?
Suri'ly the Committee on Finance could have
apprised us whnt that book had cost.
Mr. HUNTER. I can tell the Senator what
other committee. The Committee on the Library
has had the supervision of that whole concern. I
believe it has even audited the expenditures of
money fork. That committee has superintended
the engraving for it.
Mr. CLAYTON. Rut the bills containing all
the appropriations from year to year, and this for
Wilkes's book among the number, were always
refcried to tin; Committee on Finance; and the
various items making up this enormous sum,
amounting at last to nearly #1,350,000, were al-
ways reported orconcurred in by that committee.
I only wish to add one further observation.
The honorable Senator seemed to think that he
had voted loss frequently for books of this de-
scription than I had. Sir, he cannot find on the
Journal and records of the Senate that I ever
voted fof one of these books now under the con-
sideration of the Senate. I do not know anything
about his votes, nor Ho I attempt to arraign
them; but he surely does not mean to charge a
vote given by me in favor of some agricultural
statistics, the other day, the whole expense of
which was less than&1U,000,as a vote for extrav-
agance. As to the maps referred to, they were
not moved by me; the expense of them'was a
trifle, and they were absolutely indispensable to
enable the Senate to legislate intelligibly.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Mr. President, it
was not my intention to say anything on tins
subject; but as the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. OiuTTENmEx.] and the honorable
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] have
made vehement attacks on the extravagance
which has obtained in the public printing done
by order of Congress, though probably without
any intention on their part to bear directly on
the specific appropriation before the Senate, I
desire to say a few words in its defense-
Yesterday, I took occasion to express my re-
gret and mortification at the extraordinary amount
of the expenditures for printing books by order
of Congress, and I acknowledged my responsi-
bility for a great part of that extravagance by
having voted in favor of printing books on vari-
ous occasions without proper examination as to
the probable cost to the Government. I also
mentioned that I had on some occasions even
ventured to oppose what I afterwards found were
very popular expenditures. For example: the
year betore last, and perhaps last year, I voted
against the printing of what I then considered a
very extravagant number of the Patent Office
report. I have since found, by association with
my constituents, that very many of them regard
that as the most useful book which has ever been
printed by authority of Congress. I have met
with many constituents who consider that the
value of the publications made by authority of
Congress on all other subjects falls much below
that of the information which they have distrib-
uted upon thegreat leading and general interest—
agriculture. For this reason, now, as well as in
the future, I shall be regulated in some degree by
that estimate of the usefulness of these publica-
tions.
But, sir, when I have stated that I have voted
against such publications as these, I think I put
myself upon some respectable footing in regard to
my disposition to observe economy in the expend-
itures of the Government. Yet now, as yesterday,
I acknowledge my delinquency for having voted
for the publication of many works withouthaving
examined or cared particularly as to the probable
cost of them; though I never supposed (as other
Senators have stated in regard to themselves) that
they would reach the enormous amount which
they have reached. I find to-day, however, after
hearing my honorable friend from Delaware, and
my honorable friend from Kentucky, that my
standard of economy as expressed yesterday is
so far inferior to that which is avowed by them,
that I feel that I have lost position by saying
anything at all in regard to economy. Those
gentlemen go very far beyond me in their notions
on that subject.
But, sir, those honorable Senators will excuse
me for saying that I do not believe they really
intended that their remarks should bear particu-
larly on this appropriation. Unless I am mis-
taken in the sentiments of at least one of those
gentlemen, I do not believe that they understand
the merit of the appropriation now asked for by
the amendment offered by the honorable Senator
from California. I expressed, yesterday, the
interest which I felt in the appropriation for the
printing of these maps of the explorations which
have been authorized by Congress, of the vast
and unknown region extending from the western
boundaries of our State, just beyond the Missis-
sippi, to the Pacific ocean. I do not think that,
when those gentlemen were making their remarks
upon the whole subjcct of economy, and when
they spoke of the wasteful extravagance which
had been indulged in the printing of books, maps,
charts, and explorations, they really intended to
bear upon this particular appropriation. I con-
sider this amendment as of more value than two
thirds of all the expenditures which have been
incurred on account of the publication of books,
chaits, and things of the kind.
I must say further, that I think the attack of
the honorable Senator from Delaware upon the
printing of the works connected with the explor-
ation of Captain Wilkes in the South seas were
uncalled for, particularly in the absence of the
honorable chairman of the Committee on the
Library, [Mr. Pearce.] Every gentleman who
has been a member of the Senate for some years
past must have known, not only the particular
interest manifested by that Senator in regard to
the publication of these volumes, so far as they
appeared to be demanded by any considerations
connected with the honor, interest, or glory of the
United States; but also, that, in every application
which he made for additional expenditures, he
took particular pains to enlighten the Senate upon
the grounds on which he considered Congress
under obligations to continue those publications
when they had been once begun. I believe
