1448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
est respect, has been unable to understand the con-
dition of tilings in Oregon. He notified you tKat,
in 1850, the population of Oregon was less than,
thirteen thousand, oraboutthirteen thousand; and
that, since that time, the Territory has been di-
vided, and a newTerritory organized. Well, sir,
that is true. The population in Oregon,-in 1850,
was about the numoer the gentleman stated. But 1
d-esire to make a statement, which I know to be
true; and that is, that when the census was taken
prior to the division of the Territory, the popula-
tion of that portion of the Territory out of which
Washington was afterwards formed, dul not con-
tain more than four hundred inhabitants. In
less than three years after that time the ccnsus
taken in Washington Territory showed that she
had a population of about four thousand. Now,
think of the increase in that time. At the first
election of Delegate forOregon,in 1849, the num-
ber of votes cast was about nine hundred. The
Delegate who first represented Oregon upon this
floor was elected by a vote of less than five hun-
dred, his competitor receiving about four hun-
dred. Well, sir, in less than three years after
this census was taken, another census was or-
dered to be taken by the act of her Legislative
Assembly, and by that census it was found that
her population had run up to thirty-eight thou-
sand. That was after Washington 'territory was
setoff from Oregon. You see that the popula-
tion was trebled in three years. The number of
inhabitants in proportion to the vote cast is less
than in the old States. I desire to ask nothing
from this House which we cannot obtain fairly.
We have more men who have not families, in
proportion, than you find in the old settled States.
But, if you pass this bill to-day, according to the
rate of increase already indicated, the population
of the Territory at the time of its admission, a
year or two years hence, will exceed that repre-
sented by any gentleman upon this floor.
Then why should she be kept out ? Why
should she be kept in this state of territorial pu-
pilage and dependence on the General Govern-
ment?
I am willing to admit that the inrrcaan of the
last year lias not been so rapid us during tiie two
preceding years. Previous to the last year, the
immigration to our Territory was at the rate of
ten thousand a year. The Indian troubles east,
aa well as west, of the mountains,prevented im-
migration last year; and our increase,except from
births, was not groat.
It should be borne in mind that Oregon is a
remote portion of the country. Her people have
been very much embarrassed—more than they
ought to have been. Indians have invaded our
country, destroyed a portion of our population,
and greatly embarrassed the settlement of the
country.
Mr. CLINGMAN. J wish to ask the gentle-
man for information. From how much of the
present annual expenditure, appropriated by the
General Government for the whole of Oregon Ter-
ritory, will the General Government be relieved if
Oregon should govern herself under a State con-
stitution?
Mr. LANE. The annual appropriation for the
territorial government of Oregon, for the pay of
the per diem and mileage of the members of her
Territorial Assembly, for the salary of the Gov-
ernor, and for other expenses, amounts, perhaps,
to $30,000 annually.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have just hod put into
my hand a statement showing that for Oregon,
the appropriations, executive, legislative, and ju-
dicial, amount to $249,000.
Mr. LETCHER. That is the whole amount
for the eight years since it had a territorial gov-
ernment.
Mr. LANE. I think my statement is about
right. I know about whatthe annual expense is.
But, Mr. Chairman, independently of that, the
people oat there have a right to ask all that the
bill provides—to ask that you will authorize them
to hold a convention, for the purpose of forming
a constitution, and to admit them into the Union.
Now, who can object to that right? Why should
they be restucted as to numbers? My friends,
who have spoken on the subjcct,have said that the
population of Oregon is below the ratio on which
representation is now based; and it may be so.
1 do not undertake to say that the population ip
exactly at the present ratio. But the population
is sufficient to justify them in the faith that they
are capable of supporting a State government,
and that they should seek to come into the Union.
Now, what good reason is there to refuse it? The
population may be under the ratio now, but may be
overitafter the constitution is formed. I do not
desire any amendment to the bill. When the peo-
ple of Oregon arc ready to come in, 1 want Con-
gress to open the door to them, and invite them
in. It is their wish to come in. They will soon
be ready; and I see no good reason why they
should be deprived of the advantage and the glory
of being a member of this great Confederacy. I
said alittle while ago, Mr. Chairman, that Oregon
had been embarrassed, for several months past,
by Indian depredations. They have been very
much more embarrassed than they would have
been if they had had a State government; for a
Territory has not the power to act as a State
would. State troops would have been called out,
the war would have been prosecuted with vigor,
and the settlements that have been destroyed
would have been saved. We have been waiting
for the General Government to do that which it
has failed to do, namely, to afford piotpction to
the settlers in the Territory, which will always
be the case until we have a voice and votes in both
houses of Congress. 1 ask, Mr. Chairman, that
this bill shall riot be amended in any particular;
and move that it be laid aside and reported to the
House, with the recommendation thatit do pass.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman,
when I got the floor a while ago it was for the
purpose of making a few remarks  
Mr. FAULKNER, (interrupting.) I ask the
gentleman to yield for a motion that the com-
mittee do now rise. I desire to have an oppor-
tunity of making a large number of reports from
the Committee on Military Affairs, 111 relation to
territorial matters, many of which are to be
printed.
Mr. SMITH. I have no objection to yield
the floor, although I am ready to say now what
I want to say.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
Mr. GROW. This debate seems to have been
anticipating that which will take place on the
Kansas biil. Let us dispose of this bill to-day.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 want to amend one sec-
tion of (he lull. I want to strike out this third
clause from the seventh section.
Mr. STEPHENS. Is the bill to be laid aside ?
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir.
Mr. STKPH ENS. Oh, let it be passed now.
Mr. LETCHER. No; I have amendments to
oiler to the seventh section.
Mr. FAULKNER. I withdraw my motion
for the committee to rise.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The first section
of this bill, Mr. Chairman, reads as follows:
Til.it the people ot' tile Territory of Oie^on lie, and They
hp' bcieby, <uitlioii/,cd to form a constitution and State
frovermtU'iit, for the purpose of bpmir admitted into the
Uinun on an equal fooling with the original States m all
respects whatever, by the name of the State of Oiegon,
It avers no amount of population. It makes no
requirement whatever as to the amount of popu-
lation. It designates in no respect what descrip-
tion of persons shall constitute the body-politic.
So far as this goes, the population may be large
or may be small—may have more than the rep-
resentative ratio, or may fall short of it. The
section is as vague as indefinite, and as incon-
sistent as it is possible for language to make it.
It avers, in fact, in its terms and in its language,
a right on the part of the House to disregard ex-
isting legislation—to disregard, as I conceive, the
Constitution itself; and to admit a new commu-
nity into the political power of this Government
without any regard whatsoever to the population
to justify it.
According to the provisions of this bill, a pop-
ulation of five thousand or five hundred may ex-
ercise the political power of a State, through its
Representative on this floor, as well as through its
Senators in the other branch of Congress. I ask
this House if it is prepared to adopt such a doc-
trine as that? Let us just contemplate it for a
moment. We pass this bill, and to a population
of—say five thousand or ten thousand, we give in
this House a right equal to that of a population
of ninety-three thousand; and in the other branch
I of Congress the same political power is given to
the population of five thousand, as Is given to the
great Empire State of New York. I ask if such
monstrous doctrines as these are to find favor in
this House.'
The only other section which has reference d
this point is the sixth, and that reads as follows:
" That, until another census shall be taken and apportion
ment made, the State of Oregon shall be entitled to one
Rcpiesentative in the Congress of tlie United States."
It does not matter what may be the amount of
population until the next census is taken. The
State of Oregon, to be formed by this bill, shall
be. entitled to one Representative. It is in vain
that your act of Congress, under the Constitu-
tion, requires that it shall need a population of
ninety-three thousand to be able to send a Repre-
sentative to this House. It is in vain that you
refer to the fact that you have prescribed that
fifty thousand population shall, under peculiar
circumstances, entitle a State to an additional Rep-
resentative. You propose to set aside our whole
system oflegislation. You propose that a portion
of our fellow-citizens on the Pacific shall be en-
titled to a Representative upon this floor, when
you require a population of ninety-three thousand
in the old States to entitle them to a represent-
ative.
Sir, the Constitution of the United States, it
seems to me, stands dircetly in the way of any
such conclusion. That Constitution declares that
an enumeration of the population shall be made
within three years after the first meeting of the
Congress of the United States, and within every
subsequent period of ten years, as they shall by
law direct. The number of Representatives shall
not exceed one for every thirty thousand. " Shall
not." Is it possible to conceive more stringent
or emphatic language than that ? In conformity
with that clause of the Constitution, we have gone
on, from time to time, and fixed the ratio of rep-
resentation. Under the cmphatic language used
in that clause, it is not possible for any State to
have a Representative in Congress, unless in
accordance with the ratio Congress has fixed.
Well, sir, these decades have gone on, and each
time Congress has, by law, fixed a new ratio of
representation. By the actof 1849, the ratio was
fixed,for the next ten years,at ninety-three thou-
sand three hundred anct forty. The Constitution,
through that law, says there shall not be a Rep-
resentative in this House, except in conformity
to that ratio. The Constitution says, the number
of Representatives shall not exceed one for every
thirty thousand. It makes it obligatory upon
Congress to fix the ratio, and no Representative
can be admitted here except in conformity to the
ratio fixed. This limitation of thirty thousand
d d notapply to the original thirteen States. The
members of the old Confederation were allowed
to have at least one Representative each; and
Delaware, Rhode Island, and, perhaps, other
States, came in, not having that amount of popu-
lation. But the rule of policy laid down is clearly
indicated in this clause of the Constitution. It
establishes a rule of action for all future time.
Where, then, are we to find authority for dis-
regarding that line of policy in the admission of
new States? The gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Fuller] says: " How are we to ascertain when
a Territory has the requisite population ?" Why,
sir, the plan is simple. Let two or three clauses
bo inserted in the bill, providing for the enumer-
ation of the people of the Territory, and if it
shall be found that it contains the requisite pop-
ulation, then let the President announce the fact
by proclamation, and allow the people to go on
and form their State constitution. There is
nothing more simple.
Mr. GROW. Let them form their State con-
stitution, and then if it shall be found that they
have not a sufficient population, we may refuse to
admit them into the Union.
Mr. SMITH. Oh, yes; certainly. I under-
stand the gentleman perfectly. But why not con-
summate the whole thing by one bill, authorizing
the convention for forming a State constitution to
be held if the requisite population shall be there.
Allow me to say that the suggestion of the gentle-
man is not characteristic of his usual wisdom and
foresight.
Now, Mr. Chairman, one word more. The
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clingiiak]
asked how much expense it would save the Gen-
eral Government if Oregon wer® to be admitted
