1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
scarcely any Senator, when lie came to analyze
the grounds on which that gentleman proceeded
in asking for these repeated, and, if you please,
accumulated appropriations for the publication of
these works, could have failed to be convinced
that no Senator felt a deeper concern that he
should not involve either Congress or the country
in a greater amount of expenditure than was actu-
ally necessary to comply with the obligations of
the Government. Those appropriations are said
now, by the honorable Senator from Delaware,
to amount to over $1,000,000; and we are told
that they constitute an enormous extravagance
which was unexpected, and for which no equiv-
alent has been rendered to the country in any
shape. It may be true th at those are explorations
of regions which perhaps will not be visited half
a dozen times by any navigator in the next cen-
tury or two. Still they are an addition to science,
ana may be regarded as of some value in that
point of view. No member of the Senate could
have been induced to give his assent to the appro-
priations which have been asked from time to time
for that work, if he had supposed the publication
of the report of that exploration would reach the
enormous amount of jl ,000,000.
What I object to is, that the Senator from Del-
aware should bring his remarks to bear upon the
appropriation which is now asked of $49,200, in
order to give effect to the Pacific railroad explora-
tions, and to afford ata glance to the whole coun-
try a view of a vast and heretofore unexplored
region under the dominion of the United States
of the greatest interest and importance to our
people. The publication of these maps in a good,
if not in the best, style of art, will present a sort
of synopsis or epitome by which those who cast
their eyes over them can in a few moments have
a just comprehension of the geography and true
character of an immense and interesting scope of
country, which it would require the reading of
hundreds of pages of mere print to arrive at.
This comparatively small appropriation is neces-
sary for the completion of the explorations which
it is said by honorable gentlemen have already
cost |170,000. Well, sir, if they had cost §200,000
or $300,000, would it not have been an expendi-
ture of great value to the public?
The reason why I have felt a deep interest in
this particular appropriation is this: 1 consider
that now is the time when we want such inform-
ation. It seems not to be understood by Senators
generally, that a special committee has been ap-
pointed from session to session to consider the
practicability and expediency of authorizing the
construction of a railroad to the Pacific—not by
this Government, but by the aid or countenance
or encouragement of the Government, so far as it
can be constitutionally given for the accomplish-
ment of such a work. Only yesterday morning,
the honorable Senator from California, the chair-
man of that special committee, [Mr. Weller,]
reported a bill proposing to authorize bidders or
companies to come forward,under suflicientguar-
antecs of their ability to carry out such a project,
and submit their proposals for the construction
of such a road from the Mississippi to the Pacific
coast. It is now that we want all the information
which can be spread before us on a subject of this
importance.
I am aware that the honorable Senator from
Delaware is a determined opponent of any such
project now or at any other time; and so inveterate
is he in his hostility to this project that even in a
speech on the Clay ton-Bui we r treaty, giving his
views as to the condition of our affairs in Central
America, he took occasion—I say it with all re-
spect, and I understood him perfectly, because I
had heard him speak before on the subject—to
ridicule and scout the idea that a Pacific railroad
was practicable, or could be accomplished at any
time so as to become a substitute for the transit
across the Isthmus. The honorable Senator will
see that I have treasured up this, not maliciously,
but because such things are of importance in order
to comprehend the views and course of honorable
Senators.
Now, I do not suppose that my honorable friend
from Kentucky, though I have never heard his
sentiments on the subject, can be so much op-
posed to such a work unless he has studied it
more carefully—unless he has become familiar
with these explorations by an accurate examina-
tion of them. Coming from the Southwest—the
State of Kentucky—I do not suppose that he can
have formed an opinion, satisfactory even to him-
self, of the impracticability of such a work. I
know that, even in the West, there are gentlemen
who consider the whole project as visionary and
impracticable. For myself, I confess that I am
not entirely satisfied that it is practicable; I am
not sanguine or over confident that it is practi-
cable, except at an expenditure at which the
judgment and feelings of many gentlemen of the
greatest intelligence and patriotism in the country
would revolt; but I have upon several occasions
expressed my opinion, that if such a work were
practicable, even at a cost of $150,000,000 or
§900,000,000, that sum would not exceed the util-
ity of the work. In a war of two, or three, or
four years' duration with such a Power as Great
Britain, or France—much more if they were both
united against us—the cost of such a railroad,
even if it were $200,000,000, would be amply
compensated.
I nave ventured to express these sentiments on
several occasions previously; I do not know that
I have before stated that I would be willing to go to
the extent of §200,000,000, but I say now I would
go to that extent. I will not detain the Senate by
going into the details of the present cost of main-
taining our postal communications between the
Atlantic States and California, and the cost of
the transportation of the troops and munitions of
war which are rendered necessary to repress
Indian hostilities in New Mexico at this time—
much more when you transport them to Califor-
nia. Nor will I attempt to estimate what would
be the cost of the transportation of an army,
with all the supplies and munitions of war which
must attend it, between this and California, in
time of war, when you would have no transit
across the Central American States, blocked up,
as they would be, by an overpowering and over-
whelming ascendency of naval force on the part
of your enemy. You could not double Cape
Horn. You would find a formidable fleet at every
point; and your whole reliance, in order to main-
tain your dominion on the coast of the Pacific,
would depend on your internal communications.
Sir, I have no time and I have no disposition to
detain the Senate on such a question as that; but
it is a question which will be presented when we
consider the bill for the construction of a Pacific
railroad. That bill offers to capitalists, who
choose to embark in the enterprise, such encour-
agements as Congress can constitutionally give
to construct such a work.
It was with these views that I yesterday ex-
pressed the sentiment, that I felt more interest in
this appropriation of §49,200 than in two thirds,
or perhaps all the rest, of the appropriations con-
nected with these publications. I feel the same
interest now; and 1 think there must be some
mistake on the subject with honorable gentlemen
in their opposition to it. As I understand the
proposition—and if I am mistaken m it I hope
the honorable Senatorfrom California will modify
it so as to meet the suggestion—it is to appropri-
ate so much as may be necessary to pay for the
engraving and printing of these maps. If it falls
short of §49,000, there will be so much saved to
the Treasury; the expense is not in any event to
exceed $49,200.
I trust the opposition to this appropriation will
not succeed, but that we shall have these maps
engraved and printed at the earliest period possi-
ble; we want them at this moment. As to the
Pacific railroad, when we come to examine and
analyze all the information which is spread before
us by these costly explorations, if we find that
the scheme is totally impracticable and visionary,
and that it is not to be thought of, I shall sur-
render it; but until I am so convinced by these
examinations, and by further investigation of the
subject, I shall consider that the project of con-
structing a railroad to connect the Atlantic States
with the States and Territories on the Pacific is
one of the greatest objects of public interest in the
country at this time.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, nothing has
occurred in the Senate recently which has so
much surprised me as an assault upon my hon-
orable friend from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] for
a want of practical economy and sufficient vigi-
lance in guarding the public Treasury. Why,
sir, no proposition comes here containing an
extravagant appropriation which is not assailed
by him; no proposition is made for an illegal
expenditure of the public money which is not at
once, before any of us are aware of it, pointed
out and arrested by him; and yet the distinguished
Senator from Delaware seems inclined to -hold
him responsible fo*a wasteful expenditure of the
public money, lie seems to me rather to have
supplanted him, and to have become the eham-.
pion of economy in public expenditure, instead
of the well-known champion from V irginia.
I am very glad that he has done so; I am very
glad that we are to have the aid of his powerful
abilities in guarding against extravagant expendi-
tures. It seems to me, however, that the oppo-
sition would come with more power and greater
effect if directed at the order for printing when
first made, and not when the bill paying for it ia
presented. When the order to print ten thou-
sand copies of the map of Central America was
passed the other day—I do not say improperly—
I believe it was supported by the Senator from
Delaware; but when the bill for that printing
comes in to be paid a pretty large expenditure
will be exhibited. In all these cases it is when
the measure is proposed that it should be met.
Now an appropriation is asked for to meet an
order that has already been made. It may be
very well to comment on extravagance, but it
ought not be permitted to defeat a proposition to
pay a debt that has already accrued.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, the attempt
has been made, in classifying the expenditures
under the head of printing, to fix the responsi-
bility for them. We have three committees who
are, to some extent, responsible forthese expend-
itures—the Committee on Finance, the Committee
on the Library, and the Committee on Retrench-
ment, to which no allusion has been made in the
debate. I doubt, sir, whether we can possibly
escape voting for these appropriations to continue
the printing, the measure having gone as far as
it has gone; but I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the book before me—" The Astro-
nomical Expedition to Chili"—of which we have
two volumes printed, and others promised.
1 will premise by saying that, in my opinion,
it is one of the most interesting books which
Congress has ever published; and it will conduce
as much to the national reputation as any book
which Congress has published at the public ex-
pense. It is a book which we may very well
send abroad. I am aware that some sneers have
been thrown out as to the snakes, and birds, and
bugs, which it contains, with what taste I will
not here inquire; but gentlemen should remember
that the natural history of the country explored
had to be gone into, and the illustrations of the
book are of course explanatory of the text. I
see no fault whatever to find with them; but I
wish to draw the attention of the Senate to the
manner in which the book originated. In 1848,
there was tacked on to an appropriation bill a
clause directing the Secretary of the Navy to ex-
pend $5,000, " or so much thereof as may be
necessary, in causing the observations to be made
which have been recently recommended to him
by the American Philosophical Society, and the
Academy of Arts and Sciences." It is evident
from this clause, that Congress was led to believe
that these observations could be obtained for a
sum, the maximum of which would be §5,000,
and under that idea the clause was placed in the
appropriation bill.
This is but one measure in a thousand which
has commenced in Congress in this way. In fact
it is an illustration of the Government itself. We
rise from a clerkship to a bureau, and from a
bureau to a department, and all the expenditures
rise with it. In tliis instance, beginning with a
§5,000 appropriation, we have already expended,
for the publication of these volumes on behalf of
the Senate, §37,263; and on the part of the House,
§46,131, making an aggregate of §83,394; and we
are still called upon to appropriate, and I see-no
way of escaping from the further appropriation
of §59,000. This will make a total of §149,394
directly expended by Congress for books which
originated in ihis little clause appropriating a sum
under §5,000. But, sir, that does not begin to
sum up all the expenditures. It will be recol-
lected that officers were placed with Mr. Gilliss
to make the observations. All those officers have
been for years upon double pay. Nor is that all;
I might go on and enumerate many more.
