1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1440
as a State, and assume the payment of her own
governmental expenses? The question was asked,
I presume, with the expectation that the Congress
oft lie United States would, for the sake of saving
^100,000 expense, do an aet which they would
not otherwise do. It seems to me only necessary
to state the proposition, to consider the answer
complete.
it has become very much .the fashion, espe-
cially with the gentleman who reported this bill,
[Mr. Grow,] to refer to the celebrated ordinance
of 1787, and the persons who drew it, as the
impersonation of inspired wisdom. Now, if
gentle men will look to that ordinance, they will
find the same principle recognized as that after-
wards incorporated into the Constitution to which
I have referred. They will find it thereprovided
that, whenever they shall contain a population of
sixty thousand, such States shall be admitted by
the Congress of the United States, upon an equal
footing with the original States. Here you see
the result of that wisdom in our revolutionary
fathers, which gentlemen have praised so much.
They deemed it important that these States should
not come into the Union, as such, with a ratio of
less than sixty thousand; and that provision was
inserted in the ordinance of 1787.
Nor is this all. The same ordinance provides
that they shall not have a Territorial Legisla-
ture until they shall have at least five thousand
inhabitants.
Sir, the gentleman who represents the people
of the Territory so wisely and well upon this
floor, who will beyond a doubt represent them in
the other end of the Capitol, if the Territory is
admitted as a State, and who I should be very
glad to see gratified, if it can be done by a ma-
jority of the House without sacrificing a great
principle—I say the gentleman will allow me to say
that I was surprised to hear him declare here that
the constituents he represented had aright to come
here as a sovereign State. By what right are his
constituents entitled to be represented in this
House, upon a ratio of population less than that
which entitles the other States to be represented
here? What right have forty thousand of the
people of Oregon to come here, and claim political
power equal to more than ninety thousand of the
people of the older States ?
And I will go further. I will ask him what right
the people of Oregon have to come here with forty
thousand inhabitants, and claim a power in the
Senate equal to the great State of New York,
with a population of three millions five hundred
thousand; or the State of Pennsylvania, with her
two millions; or the State of Ohio, with her two
millions; or of the State of Virginia, with near
two millions? I should like to know it. With
all respect to the Territories, I think that they
ought not to be admitted into the Union as States
except on such terms as are just and fair; and I
hold that there is no justice in giving to forty or
fifty thousand people on the Pacific slope, or
anywhere else, a Representative, when the ratio
of representation is ninety-three thousand.
Mr. LANE. How many voters does the gen-
tleman represent?
Mr. SMITH. I received some eight or nine
thousand votes out of some ten or eleven thou-
sand votes cast.
Mr. LANE. Then I represent more voters
than the gentleman does.
Mr. SMITH. I have no doubt that the gentle-
man obtained all the votes he says he did; and
that Oregon has a population nearly sufficient to
entitle her to a Representative on this floor. We
only want a census to show that fact. I know
that the population of the Pacific coast is very
floating in its character; here to-day and gone
to-morrow.
Mr. LANE. Such is not the fact in Oregon.
I have never known anybody to leave the Terri-
tory after staying there a few months. [Laughter.]
A Member. Except to come to Congress ! or
may be they could not get away! [Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman from Oregon
may have his fifteen thousand voters, but we
know that that is a small fraction of the number
necessary to entitle a State to a Representative.
And from my experience and my knowledge of
the Pacific coast, there can be but few of the vo ters
who have wives and children.
Mr. LANE. sure if the gentleman visited
Oregon he would say that he never saw such a
country for children in his lifetime. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. I have no doubt that they do
credit to their begetters. The Pacific coast is the
greatest country in the world for a growing popu-
lation. I am willing to do the gentleman justice.
My remarks are made with courtesy towards
every gentleman here. My only object is to act
up to an honest conviction of my public duty.
The gentleman from Oregon has my best wishes
for his success in all his endeavors, even to that
of getting a wife. [Laughter.] If it be the pleas-
ure of the House, in spite of my objections, to
pass the bill as it is, I shall entertain no unkind
feeling toward any gentleman. On the contrary,
I shall be happy to see the gentleman succeed if
he can find a majority in favor of that which is
proposed in the bill.
Mr. LANE. I am much obliged to the gentle-
man for his good wishes; but I can tell linn that
1 have a wife, that she has a dozen children, and
that some of them have four or five apiece.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. I knew that the gentleman's
Territory bordered on that of Utah. [Renewed
laughter.] 1 will not detain the House any
further.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Chairman, the imme-
diate point in this case has been well put by the
gentleman from Oregon. I was delighted to hear
him express views in exact accordance with the
past practice of the House, and of the early fathers
of the Republic. My purpose in rising is not
to make a speech, but rather to tell of the glow
of piide ana warmth of gratitude which I expe-
rienced at seeing fall from Democratic lips the
principles which have ever guided this Union in
the admission of States. It is true, that when
propriety and justice dictate the admission of a
State, there is, and ought to be, no Virginia or
other abstraction in the way of her admission.
It is a question for Congress, Are the people of
Oregon capable of sustaining a State government ?
Do they ask a State government? While aTer-
ritory, she is under our protection. We are bound
to pay the expenses of her territorial government.
We are bound to protect her. We are bound to
have that care of her which a parent has over her
child. When the people there have become suf-
ficiently numerous, and desire a State govern-
ment, it is our duty to give them what they ask.
And, Mr. Chairman, there was no other princi-
ple established until the Nicholson letter was
written. I am rejoiced the gentleman has laid
down the principle so clearly as he has.
Mr. ZOLLI COFFER. Was not Florida kept
out of the Union seven years after her first appli-
cation for admission; and was not that long be-
fore the Nicholson letter was written?
Mr. GIDDINGS. And when admitted she had
notmorethanonehalf the population to entitle her
to a Representative. She had an Indian war pend-
ing over her. Millions of dollars from the United
States Treasury went for her protection, while
her admissionMvas denied because she wanted
Eopulation sufficient for a State government. No-
ody pretended that she could sustain a State
government. Yet we admitted her with little more
than half of the population to entitle her to one
Representative. There is Delaware; and to this
day she has not got the requisite population for a
a Representative in Congress.
I did not rise to make a speech; I have no in-
tention of making one. My object merely was,
to call attention to the principle enunciated by the
gentleman from Oregon, that the admission of a
State depends upon propriety and justice, and
the various circumstances under which she makes
her application. If she has a population suf-
ficient to sustain a State government, then she
ought to have it. How is it with Oregon ? She
is far distant in the West, and on the Pacific slope.
Her Delegate has well portrayed her condition
and her wants. An Indian war rages in her
midst. She wants her militia organized and so
conditioned that she will be better able than she
is now to defend- herself. With all my heart I
say, let Oregon came in.
Cut this is not a question of the admission of
Oregon; the question lies behind that. I merely
speak my own impression. [A voice. " A wrong
impression."] Wrong impression! I thank the
gentleman. 1 hope there will be no other impres-
sion when the next application is made. 1 am
told that the impression is -Wrong.. -1 want to call
the country to witness the fact that these objec-
tions are now thrown out to be used hereafter in
another case, and not upon the present .occasion,
I meet them here, and I say that they are new
objections; and when gentlemen say they are
founded upon the Constitution, I deny it. There
is no such provision in the Constitution. The
Constitution provides simply that, until a further
provision, the ratio of representation shall not be
less than thirty thousand, and that each State
shall be entitled to at least one representative.
The Constitution left the matter in that conditions
and when we admit a Statg, she is entitled to one
representative, as were Florida and Delaware.
The gentlemen felt the difficulties by Which they
were surrounded, when urging this objection. It
is nothing but an abstraction—an abstraction, the
offspring of another abstraction—the new-born
infant of an abstraction. The objection is, that
a Territory shall have a population greater thaa
the fraction which gives to a State an additional
Representative. Upon what is that founded?
Where does it come from? Upon what is it
based? Upon the opinions of gentlemen. Noth-
ing else. _ It is not founded upon the Constitu-
tion. It is founded upon the opinion of gentle,-
men solely. If 1 am wrong, 1 wish to be cor-
rected.
Now, I do not say gentlemen shall not have
their opinions. If they think it proper, it is cer-
tainly a good opinion for them. But I have a
different opinion—-one which I think is correct.
Opinion must weigh against opinion. But I beg
gentlemen not to attempt to make opinions a part
of the Constitution of the country. The matter
of requiring that a Territory, before she shall be
admitted as a State, shall have more than the
fraction of population which would entitle a State
to an additional Representative, is a mere opinion
resting upon propriety. The gentleman from
Oregon has told us the reasons why Oregon should;
be admitted. His reasons are sufficient for me.
The reasons of other gentlemen have no weight,
because they are abstractions, against which the-
whole record of the country is opposed. We have
disregarded them down to the present day.
We cannot disguise the fact that reference is
made to another Territory, and to the terms under
which she shall be admitted. " Sufficient unto the
day is the evil thereof." When she applies for
admission we will apply the same rule to her as
we do to the other. That rule is, the propriety
of admitting her. The same rule must apply to
all Territories, when they claim admission as
States. I refer to Utah. If gentlemen are in favor
of polygamy, let them come out and vote for it.
Let them stand before the country as the advo-
cates of thatsyste i,andsay that they are willing,-
in this period of civilization and Christianity, to
receive a people with that barbarous custom of,
polygamy resting upon them. Gentlemen will,
exercise their own judgment upon that subject.
I shall exercise mine, and the advocates of polyg-
amy will theirs.
But I protest against the argument of that
question now. I only desire to say that it is our
duty, under the responsibilities which rest upon
us, to say whether it is proper, just, and right, as
the gentleman from Oregon-said, that that Terri-
tory should have the privilege of forming a State
government, and of being admitted into the
Union.
A gentleman over the way says, that to do so
would do injustice to the old States. Injustice to
tho old States! I represent upon this floor three
times the number of intelligent American electors
that some gentlemen on the other side of the
House, who stand up here as the representatives
of a sluveholdmg population, and of slaves—not
white men—and say that Oregon shall not come
in, even though she has two or three times as
many electors as they represent. I do not thmk
the objection is just, correct, or proper.
For these reasons I am with the gentleman
from Oregon, and am in favor of the admission
of his Territory. I am in favor of the bill, and
stand up with that gentleman for the dispensa-
tion of justice and propriety.
Having barely glanced at- the. tiesrs which
should guide us, I desire to say that I have laid
down these principles ias the foundation of what
I shall say hereafter, if I shall have an. oppor-
tunity to speak upon the other-question when it
