1450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
arises. It is a question presenting itself to the
sound consideration of the two Houses.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I was not aware, as
assumed by the gentleman from Ohio, that the
question of' slavery had anything to do with the
bill before the House. But, as he has assumed
that it is so, may I be allowed to ask him, if
Oregon were, under the sanction of this bill, to
form a constitution recognizing slavery as one of
her institutions, or if Kansas were to apply for
admission into the Union with a constitution rec-
ognizing slavery, would the gentleman vote for
her admission ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would vote according to
the dictates of justice. I will administer to gen-
tlemen of one section of the country the same
justice which I would administer to gentlemen
of the other. I have but one rule, and I am not
about to swerve because of the existence of such
an institution. I will measure out the same rule
of justice to all men.
Mr. DUNN. I wish to understand the gentle-
man distinctly upon that point. If Kansas were
to apply for admission as a State, with a clause
in her constitution tolerating the institution of
slavery, do I understand the gentleman to say he
would vote for her admission?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I had intended to be under-
stood. That gentleman well knows tluit I will
award the same measure of justice to all who
bear the upright form of man.
Mr. DUNN. 1 hope the gentleman from Ohio
will be explicit. I wish to know what his views of
justice are, which lie proposes to measure out to all.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I know that my friend's
impressions of justice are the same as mine. I
hold that all men have the same natural rights-
rights denved from the same source, and to be
protected in the same manner. Does my friend
hold to that?
Mr. DUNN. That is not coming to the point.
I hope the gentleman will meet the question
squarely.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will; but I want to know
whether my friend stands with me ?
Mr. DUNN. That is not the point. The gen-
tleman cvadi'S the issue.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want to know if the gen-
tleman holds that all men have ihe same rights,
emanating from the same source, and equally
entitled to protection in the enjoyment of them?
Mr. DUNN. lam not either myself a Yankee,
nor am I ordinarily disposed to be put oif by the
Yankee resort of answering one question by ask-
ing another. I will answer that question directly
and explicitly, go that no man can misunderstand
what I mean, when the proper time arrives. But
1 now ask the gentleman from Ohio to meet the
question I propounded squarely.
Mr. GIDDINGS. That gentleman cannot
understand or suppose that I will flinch from
answering any question he may propound. [Loud
cries of "Answer him!" " Don't dodge!"]
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to know whether
that gentleman goes with mc in the foundation
of it?
Mr. DUNN. For the satisfaction of the gen-
tleman, and to relieve him, I tell him, what I have
said here before, as he well knows, that by the
law of nature and of God, which I recognize as
the highest of all lawsvall men are entitled to be
free, until, by some misdeed of their own, that
right is forfeited. Now, I ask the gentleman to
answer me my question squarely. There is no
occasion for any evasion.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Now, then, my friend and
T stand together. There is no mistake about it.
That gentleman's whole heart and my whole soul
Itut in unison.
Mr. DUNN. The gentleman has not answered
my question. How far we agree may appear
better hereafter. One word wilfanswer my ques-
tion—ay or no?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I then say that I will never
vote for the admission of any State whose con-
stitution is adverse to the rights of God and of
nature. I ask my friend if he would vote for
any whose constitution was at variance with
these i ighfs?
Mr. DUNN. I would not, so far as Kansas
and Nebraska are concerned.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I ask my friend if he would
vote for the admission of any State that tramples
upon those rights?
Mr. DUNN. I will answer the gentleman ex-
plicitly, and trust he will be equally direct.
Mr. GIDDINGS. That's right.
Mr. DUNN. If Texas were to apply for a
partition of her territory into other States, em-
bracing in the part so proposed to be set apart, a
population such as was contemplated in the joint
resolutions of annexation, south of the parallel
of 3G° 30', and if I were called upon to vote for
such partition, and thereby admit a State there,
with a constitution allowing slavery, and there
was no other objection, I would feel bound to give
the vote for such admission, notwithstanding my
repugnance to slavery. But if Kansas applied
for admission, with a constitution allowing
slavery, I should say " No!" as long as my lips
could utter the word.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have the floor. I beg my
friend to take what I said with some little quali-
fication, when I said his heart and my soul beat
in unison with relation to the rights of all men,
I meant south as well as north, 3G° 30'. I want
to know whether that gentleman means to stand,
before the world on the doctrine that the rights
which are to be protected north of a certain line,
are to be left to be trampled under foot south of
it ?
Mr. GROW. Each of these gentlemen has
propounded the other a question, and he ha1* an-
swered it. 1 mr'.in to have some limit to this dis-
cussion.
Several Members. Oh, let them finish it.
Mr. DUNN. I will answer the gentleman.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Answer my question first,
and then you can propound as many as you like
Mr. DUNN. I do not propose to ask any-
thing further now. So the gentleman may feel
easy about that. I answer the gentleman, then,
that I will recognize the law of my country where
it docs not violate—or where I am not required
to violate—the law of God. The law of my
country provides, that if the citizens of Texas,
holding slaves as they did—for it did not make
any slaves or slave territory thereby—should see
that their interest would be promoted south of
3(>° 30' in ihe partition of the State of Texas
into other States tolerating slavery> they should
have the privilege of making such* partition, and
the districts so cut off should be admitted as new
States whether they still tolerated slavery or not.
Now, I would acquiesce in that, because it in-
volves no question of the rightfulness of slavery;
it does not establish slavery; it does not intro-
duce slavery; it does not change the state of any
soil or of any man on that subject; it is not a
question of morality in any sense, but simply one
of power between the two sections of the Union,
if that were now an open question, asat the time
of annexation, I should now, as I did then, resist
it. But this was the agreement between Texas
and us—it was the bargain—and is plainly put
down in the law of annexation. That bargain
and that law I am bound m ail honesty to ob-
serve, and will not hesitate to do so. So, too, in
18iu, there was another bargain and another law
setting apart forever to freedom other territory
north of 36° 30'. This embraced Kansas and
Nebraska; and that bargain and that law I am
disposed to uphold and maintain in the face of
all men, and of every personal peril. I trust that
the gentleman understands my answer.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I rejoice and thank my
God that that gentleman conies to that stand with
me; and I will go with him to eternity on the
south. [Laughter.] Has it come to this, that
the law of God is limited by this Congress to the
line of 36° 30' north? [Laughterj My friend
says he will stand to the law of God, north of
that—and so will I; but south of it he will sub-
mit to the laws of his country. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will not go into this great
question here, but, God willing, I will, at some
future time, make known my views as to the
right of man to take from a fellow-being the in-
alienable right to life which God has given him,
and to the liberty with which he endowed him,
for the purpose of protecting his life. I will not
do so now. But now, to return to the question !
I believe my friend answered me. I rejoice that
he is with me.
Mr. DUNN. Not entirely.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I rneun up to the 36° 30f.
[Laughter,] Now, Mr. Chairman, I only want
to say that these are questions which address
themselves to the judgment and consideration of
this body, and not to any of the constitutional
abstractions which have been raised on both Sides
of the Chamber. Every argument on the other
side of the House has its original foundation
in the whim, the caprice, or—if it be deemed a
more respectful word—in the judgment of each
man. In my judgment they are iii-founded.
They have a right to discuss the questions of
slavery and of polygamy. I do not say which is
the best and which the worst: they have a ria;ht
to discuss the situation of Oregon, her Indian
war, her necessity for a State government, her
expenses, &c. All these have entered into my
consideration, and led me to the conclusion that
she is entitled to admission as a State, and I will
so vote.
Mr. WALKER. We have heard something
here about the laws of God, the laws of nature,
and the laws of the country. For myself, sir, I
should be very loth to take my friend from In-
diana [Mr. Dunn] as the exponent either of the
laws of nature or of the laws of the country;
and least of all should I be willing to take the
member from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] as the expo-
nent of the law of God.
Mr. GIDDINGS. That shows your want of
judgment.
Mr. WALKER. It may show want of judg-
ment in nie; but it shows in him tho absence of
a correct idea of the principles of Christianity. I
would say to him that, though this generation
may not pass a proper verdict upon his life and
actions, the decree of the next will be that he has
been a fanatic, and a wild one at that.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I own to that.
Mr. WALKER. He owns to that. If he does
own to it, it shows that he has some little con-
science, for which I gave him no credit before
this. Rut I rose, Mr. Chairman, for a double pur-
pose: the one was to move that the committee do
now rise; the other, that I may hereafter get the
floor to reply to what I conceive to be the greatest
and most lamentable heresies I ever heard on this
floor. I move that, the committee do now rise.
Mr. GROW. I hope the committee will first
get through with this bill.
Mr. LETCHER. There are several amend-
ments to be offered to it.
Mr. GROW. Well, I hope the committee will
finish it in the morning.
The question was taken; and Mr. Walker's
motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Leiter reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the bill of the House creating two
additional land districts in the Territory of Min-
nesota, which they had instructed him to report to
the House, with the recommendation that it do
pass; that they had also had under consideration
a bill to enable the people of Oregon Territory to
form a constitution and State government, and
for the admission of such State into the Union 9
and had come to no resolution thereon.
NEW LINE OF STEAMSHIPS.
Mr. STEPHENS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial of a citizen of Brooklyn in
favor of establishing a line of steamships to some
northern point in Europe; which he would have
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for a divis-
ion upon the motion; I have no objection to
having the memorial received and referred, but it
is not customary to order the memorials of pri-
vate citizens printed.
Mr. LETCHER. Must not the motion to
print go to the Committee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. It is not necessary that a
motion to print the ordinary number of copies
shall go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. STEPHENS. The memorial contains
valuable statistics, which it seems to me should
be understood by the members of the House as
well as the committee to which it is referred, but
which they cannotunderstand unless it is printed,
I consider it a matter of much importance that it
should be printed.
Mr. JONES. I have no regard to precedents;
