714
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 1,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Party Platforms—Mr. Thompson, of Kentucky.
Senate.
ible to mc that any party should put up a man j
wliosf* streak-si recomwi^f datioii is that he lay m
a snow-drift as long', nearly, as a frog would lay
frozen on the north side of a hill in Massachusetts
or New Hampshire before he was cut out; and
that he cat a dozen mules and forty jackasses,
just as a wolf would devour anything he could to
seep from starvation. [Laughter.] These are
his qualifications for the Presidency. If the offi-
cial duty and business of the Chief Executive of
the Union was to eat mules, then the best selec-
tion I know of in America has been made. It
•was a " nomination not fit" to be made, and is
an insult to the intelligence of the people.
Mr. President, I mean no disrespect in the sug-
gestion lam about to make; butas " Old Whitey"
used to be mentioned as a (it association for the
vice-presidential nomination with "Old Zack,"
I would suggest that the Fremont ticket is not
complete without the woolly horse. I know that
the woolly horse is a native of your Slate; and it
is said that his hair was curled in consequence of
his hide being scorched or matted in the hauling
of ashes from an ash-bank: the hair and hide
peeled off, and it came out wool. I know Indi-
ana better than to suppose that she will be influ-
enced by the fact that the woolly hprse was a
native of that State. She has better men. Per-
haps, as he came from an ash-bank, Black
Republicanism may be tinged a little by Red Re-
publicanism, by such association. If the woolly
horse were put on this ticket for Vice President,
it would not be, as acelebrated Senator once said,
a kangaroo ticket, as it is now. I know that
your State, sir, is a great State—an intelligent
State—a promising State. Many citizens from
my own Commonwealth are there. I think that
if this native of your State had been selected it
would not have seduced many of them from their
allegiance to the Fillmore or the Buchanan ticket.
I am sure that no old-line Whig would have been
■educed.
I do not pretend to be a seer, or to have any
great forecast; and I have never paid much at-
tention to the talft about a dissolution of the
Union; but I have often thought on the subject,
and my conviction is, that the election of Mr.
Fremont, or any man of that party, will be the
knell of the Union. I can understand and appre-
ciate the feelings of the whole South on the hap-
pening of such an event. I may refer in this
connection to an instance that occurred in the ;
Revolution. Georgia at that time had a popula-
tion of only forty or fifty thousand. She was
called after the king—George. She was the
favorite of the sovereign—the pet—the youngest
child. Notwithstanding all this, she went into 1
the Revolution pro bono publico. I can very well
understand how now, if the South were driven
off, they would resort to frep trade and direct
communication with old England. If we must
have a master, it is better for us to belong to
" old master" than ta " young master" who
works us to death and abuses us all the time.
Everything was offered by the Crown to Georgia ]
that she wanted. Old Governor Wright would ;
not accept offers; and his State, from mere patri-
otism, without interest, or rather against her
apparent interest if not real interest, as I heard
the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] say,
went in to save the loo—that is, joined the rebel-;
lion in favor of freedom and independence.
I can tell you, sir, that in consequence of this
agitation, there has been a great change in public ' j
sentiment in the State of Kentucky. There was
a time when, under the lead of Clay, when he
was associated with Adams and the better men
of the Republic in the North, the people of Ken-
tucky sustained a protective tariff; but, aggra-
vated, harassed, and bedeviled, as they have con-
stantly been, they no longer sustain that doctrine.
The men who now go to your [Mr. Toombs's]
region, sir, with their hogs and mules, think that
they would get better prices for their articles if
there should be a dissolution of the Union (ca-
lamitous as it would be) and free trade. I tell 1
gentlemen from the Northeast, they have driven
away the strongest stay they had on the other j
side of the mountains; and (I say it with pain)
that section, which formerly was spoken of only
with love, reverence, and affection, is now men-
tioned as a by-word and reproach.
Besides, if Colonel Fremont should be elected, j
I presume it would turn out in regard to him as j
it has, during the whole progress of the Govern - |
ment, in regard to every one from that region of
the country where he finds his chief supporters. ,
The elder Adams remained in office but four years, i
and was driven out by a whirlwind of popular
indignation. Afterwards his son came into power,
and though he had a pure and strong Administra- i
tion, he was driven out in the same way. After-
wards Martin Van Buren came in, and. down he
went in the same way. There never has been a
man from that region of the country who could
conduct the Government like Washington, Jeffer-
son, or Madison, or Monroe, or Jackson, so as to
hold it for eight years. The history of the Gov-
ernment shows that they have remained in power
for but a short time. Could they stand unaer thg
deep dissatisfaction, not to say revolution—under
the olaze of popular indignation, and the probable
disruption of the Union, that such an election
would almost inevitably bring on? What in-
fluence would be exercised by a man having no
knowledge of public matters, whose whole ex-
perience has been confined to commanding a
company or a troop, and not to persuade them or
coax them, by appealing to their sympathies, in-
telligence, or patriotism, but to control them by
martial law ? Does not everybody see, from the
fact of the nomination, and the principles avowed
and declared by the convention which made the
nomination, that it must result in serious disaster
if successful ? This is my opinion. I give it for
what it is worth.
Now, Mr. President, in order that the people
of Kentucky may have a fair chance to see all
sides, I present, for your consideration and theirs,
the platform of the Democratic party, as adopted
by tne Cincinnati convention:
"Resolved, That the American Democracy place their
trust in the intelligence, the patriotism, and the discriminat-
ing justice of the American people. .
"Resolved, That we regard this as a distinctive feature of
our creed, which we are proud to maintain before the world
as a great element in a firm of government springing from
and upheld by a popular will; and we contrast it with the
creed and practice of Federalism, under whatever name or
form, which seeks to palsy the vote of the constituent, and
which conceives no imposture too monstrous for the pop-
ular credulity.
"Resolved, Therefore, That, entertaining these views,
the Democratic parly of the Union, through their delegates
assembled in a general convention of the States, convening
together in a spirit of concord, of devotion to the doctrines
and faith of a free representative government, and appeal-
ing to their fellow-citizens for the rectitude of their inten-
tions, renew and reassert before the American people tBe
declarations of principles avowed by tliem, when, on former
occasions, in general convention, they presented their
candidates for the popular suffrages.
" i. That the Federal Government is one of limited pow-
ers, derived solely from the Constitution, and the grants of
powerniade (herein ought to be strictly construed by all the
departments and agents of the Government; and that it is
inexpedient and dangerous to exercise doubtful constitu-
tional powers.
" 2. That the Constitution does not confer upon the Gen-
eral Government the power to commence and carry on a
general system of internal improvements.
" 3. That the Constitution does not confer authority upon
the Federal Government, directly or indirectly, to assume
the debts of the several States, contracted for local internal
improvements, or other State purposes; nor would such as-
sumption be just or expedient.
" 4. That justice and sound policy forbid the Federal
Government to foster one branch of industry to the detri-
ment of any other, or to cherish the interests of one por-
tion to the injury of another portion of our common coun-
try ; that every citizcn and every section of the country has
a right to demand and insist upon an equality of rights and
privileges, and a complete and ample protection of persons
and property from domestic violence and foreign aggression.
" 5. That it is the duty of every branch of the Govern-
ment to enforce and practice the most rigid economy in con-
ducting our public affairs, and that no more revenue ought
to be raised than is required to defray the necessary expenses
of the Government, and for the gradual but certain extinc-
tion of the public debt.
" 6. That Congress has no power to charter a national
bank; that we believe such an institution one of deadly
hostility to the best interest of our country, dangerous to our
republican institutions and the liberties of the people, and
calculated to place the business of the country within the
control of a concentrated money power, and above the laws
and will of the people; and that the results of Democratic
legislation in this and all other financial measures upon
which issues have been made between the two political
parties of the country, have demonstrated to practical men
of all parties their soundness, safety, and utility in all busi-
ness pursuits.
" 7. That the separation of the moneys of the Govern-
ment from all banking institutions is indispensable for the
safety of the funds of the Government, and the rights of the
people.
" 8. That the liberal principles embodied by Jefferson in
the Declaration of Independence, and sanctioned in the
Constitution, which makes ours the land of liberty, arid the
asylum of the oppressed of every nation, have ever been
cardinal principles of the Democratic faith ; and every at-
tempt to abridge the privilege of becoming citizens and own-
ers of soil among us ought to bo resi sted with the same spirit
which swept the alien and sedition laws from our statute-
book.
" 9. That Congress has no power under the Constitution
to interfere with or control the domestic institutions of the
several States, and that all such States are the sole nnd
proper judges of everything appertaining to their own affairs
not prohibited by the Constitution ; that all efforts of the
Abolitionists, or others, made to induce Congress to interfere
with questions of slavery, or to take incipient steps in rela-
tion thereto, are calculated to lead to the most alarming and
dangerous consequences; and that all such efforts have an
inevitable tendency to diminish the happiness of the people
and endanger the stability and permanency of the Union,
and ought not to be countenanced by any friend of our
political institutions.
"Revolved, That the foregoing proposition covers, and
was intended to embrace, the whole subject of slavery agita-
tion in Congress; and therefore the Democratic party of the
Union, standing on this national platform, will abide by
and adhere to a faithful execution of the acts known as the
compromise measures settled by Congress, the act for re-
claiming fugitives from service or labor included; which
act, being designed to carry out an express provision of the
Constitution, cannot, with fidelity thereto, be repealed, or
so changed as to destroy or impair its efficiency.
" Resolved, That the Democratic party will resist all at-
tempts at renewing, in Congress or out of it, the agitation
of the slavery question, under whatever shape or color the
attempt may be made.
" Resolved, That the proceeds of the public lands ought
to be sacredly applied to the national objects specified in the
Constitution, and that we are opposed to any law for the
distribution of such proceeds among the States, as alike in-
expedient in policy and repugnant to the Constitution.
" Resolved, That we are decidedly opposed to taking
from the President the qualified veto power, by which he
is enabled, under restrictions and responsibilities amply
su fficient to guard the public interests, to suspend tbe passage
of a bill whose merits cannot secure the approval of two-
thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives until the
judgment of the people can be obtained thereon, and which
has saved the American people from the corrupt and tyran-
nical dominion of the Bank of the United States, and from
a corrupting system of general internal improvements.
" Rewlved, That the Democratic party will faithfully
abide by and uphold tbe principles laid down in the Ken-
tucky and Virginia resolutions of 1793 and 1798, and in the
report of Mr. Madison to the Virginia Legislature in 1799;
that it adopts those principles as constituting one of the main
foundations of its political creed, and is resolved to carry
hem out on their obvious meaning and import.
" That in vie w of the condition of the popular institution
in the Old World, a high and sacred duty is involved with in
creased responsibility upon the Democracy of this country,
as the party of the people, to uphold and maintain the rights
of every State, and thereby the Union of the States, and to
sustain and advance among them constitutional liberty, by
continuing to resist all monopolies and exclusive legislation
for the beuefit of the few at the expense of the many, and
by a vigilant and constant adherence to those principles and
compromises of the Constitution—which are broad enough
to embrace and uphold the Union as it is, and the Union as it
should be—in the full expansion of the energies and capa-
city of this great and progressive people.
"And whereas, since the foregoing declaration was unan-
imously adopted by our predecessors, in national conven-
tions, an adverse political and religious test has been secretly
organized by a party claiming to be exclusively American,
and it is proper that the American Democracy should clearly
define its relations thereto: Therefore,
"Resolved, That the foundation of this Union of States
having been laid in its prosperity, expansion, and preeminent
example in free government, built upon entire freedom in
matters of religious concern, and no respect of persons in
regard to rank or place of birth, no party can justly be deemed
national, constitutional, or in accordance with American
principles, which bases its exclusive organization upon re-
ligious opinions and accidental birthplace.
" That we reiterate, with renewed energy of purpose, the
well considered declarations of former conventions upon
the sectional issue of domestic slavery, and concerning the
reserved rights of the States, and that we may more dis-
tinctly meet the issue on which a sectional party, subsisting
exclusively on slavery agitation, now relies to test tbe
fidelity of the people, North and South, to the Constitution
and the Union—
" Resolved, That, claiming fellowship with, and desiring
the cooperation of, all who regard the preservation of the
Union, under the Constitution, as the paramount issue, and
repudiating all sectional parties and platforms concerning
domestic slavery, which seek to embroil the States, and
incite to treason and armed resistance to law in tbe Terri-
tories ; and whose avowed purposes, if consummated, must
end in civil war and disunion, the American Democracy
recognize and adopt the principles contained in the organic
laws establishing the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska
as embodying the only sound and safe solution of the slavery
question upon which the great national idea of the people
of this whole country can repose in its determined conserv-
atism of the Union—non-interferencc by Congress with sla-
very in States and Territories; that this was the basis of the
compromises of 1850, confirmed by both the Democratic and
Whig parties in national conventions, ratified by the people
in the election of 1852, and rightly applied to the organiza-
tion of Territories in 1854; that the uniform application of
this Democratic principle to the organization of Territories,
and the admission of new States, with or without domesuc
slavery, as they may elect, the equal rights of all the States
will be preserved intact, the original compacts of the Con-
stitution maintained inviolate, and the perpetuation and
expansion of this Union iniured to its utmost capacity of
