1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Party Platforms—Mr. Thompson, of Kentucky.
Senate.
embracine, in peace anH harmony, every ftiture American
Slate that"may be >-oasututed or annexed with a republican
fonn or" government.   ,
Resolced, Thai we lecogmze the right of the people of
all the Territories including Kansas and Nebraska, acting
through the fairlv expressed will of the majority ot' actual
resident-, and, wnenever the number ot" their inhabitants
jusufies it, to form a constitution, with or without domestic
slavery, and be admitted into the Union upon terms of per-
fect equality with the other States.
" Raolfed. That, in view of the condition of the popular
institution;, of the Old World, and the dangerous tenden-
cies of sectional agitation, combined with the attempt to
enforce civil and religious disabilities against the rights of
acquiring citizenship in our own land, a high and sacred
duly has devolved an increased responsibility upon the
Democratic party of this country, as the party of the Union,
to uphold and maintain the right's of every State, and
thereby to sustain and advance among us constitutional
liberty, by continuing to resist all monopolies and exclusive
legislation for the benefit of the few at the expense of the
many, and by vigilant adherence to those principles and the
compromises of the Constitution, which are broad and
strong enough to embrace and uphold the Union as it was,
the Union as it is, and the Union as it shall be, in the full
expansion of the energies and capacity of this great pro-
gressive people.
" Resolved, That the questions connected with the foreign
policy of the country are inferior to no domestic question
whatever; that the time has come when the people of the
United States should declare themselves in favor of free
seas, of progressive free trade throughout the world, and
by solemn manifestations place their moral influence by
the side of their successful example.
" Resolved, That our geographical and political position
with reference to other States of this continent, no less
than the interest of our commerce and the development of
our growing power, requires that we hold sacred the prin-
ciples involved in the Monroe doctrine; that their bearing
and import should admit of no misconstruction, and should
be applied with unbending rigidity.
" Resolved, That a great highway of nature, as well as the
assent of those States most immediately interested in its
maintenance, has been marked out for a free communication
between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, and constitutes one
of the most important achievements realized by the spirit
of modem times and the unconquerable energy of our
people; that this rvsult should be secured by the rimely and
efficient control which we have a right to claim over it;
that no power on earth should be suffered to impede or clog
its progress; nor should we allow any interference with the
relations which it may suit our policy to establish with the
Governments of States within whose dominion it lies; that
we can, under no circumstances, surrender our preponder-
ance in the adjustment of all questions arising out of it.
" Resolced, That, in view of so commanding an interest,
he people of the United States cannot but sympathize with
the efforts which are being made by the people of Central
America to regenerate that portion of the continent which
covers the passage across the oceanic isthmus.
"Resolved, That the Democratic party will expect of the
next Administration that every proper effort will be Jnade
to insure our ascendency in the Gulf of Mexico; to main-
tain a permanent protection of the great outlets through
which are emptied into its waters the products raised upon
the soil, and the commodities created by the industry of the
people of our Western valleys and the Union at large."
The first part consists of the old platform as
declared in 1852. This was pat in, I suppose,
for consistency sake, because they had to stand
to what they said before. They were in the con-
dition of the witness who swore that a horse was
sixteen feet high, and having said it he must stand
by it. They added to theirplatform further planks
in the shape of addenda, which do not satisfy me,
and I think ought not to satisfy any old Whig of
Kentucky.
The doctrine of free seas and progressive free
trade is well enough; but then would it not lead
to direct taxation, and evils of which you cannot
tell the extent ? I am not willing to risk this. I
am not yet for direct taxation, and I am not ex-
actly for unlimited free trade. I like the doctrine
of free seas: that is well enough as far as it goes.
My .chief objection to the Democratic platform
is the mummery of pretending to swear by the
principles of the resolutions of 1798 and 1799, and
its general tone and feeling in regard to the foreign
policy—a system of foreign policy which made
the President issue an inaugural here which was,
perhaps, the highest sounding proclamation, to
which there came up the smallest speck of war to
sustain it, that ever happened. To be sure they
drove off Crampton here a little while ago, and
caught Martin Kozsta in the beginning, and sent
Soule and Sickles abroad as representatives of
American character—very nice gentlemen, but not
exactly American enough for me; and they held
the Ostend conference, where they declared that
they would take Cuba for what they thought it
was worth, but if Spain would not agree to receive
this, they would grab it anyhow. This is the
high national law which is to be inaugurated by
this policy!
The Cincinnati platform says the Democratic
party goes by the Virginia and Kentucky reso-
lutions of 1798 and 1799. Well, sir, I have never
seen a Kentucky man yet who could decide what
the cabalistic, ominous, and mysterious words of
those resolutions mean. Like the Delphic oracle,
they may be read any way. The best lawyers,
ana most skillful men I have ever met, say that,
if these resolutions mean anything, thev affirm
the right of secession and nullification. The talk
about these resolutions is a mummery which has
served its day, and I think ought now to be put
on the shelf with other old lumber in the garret
or cellar. I do not like to march under them; I
do not know where they would lead. Like
charity, which covers so many sins, they might
cover some enormity which I am not willing to
indorse.
Again: one resolution of the Cincinnati plat-
form adopts the Monroe doctrine. I know that
the Monroe doctrine, as explained by Mr. Cal-
houn, amounted to nothing, but was a mere tem-
porary thing, suggested by Mr. Canning, the
English Prime Minister, to Mr. Monroe, and
carried out only in reference to its bearing on the
then revolutions progressing in the South Ameri-
can States; but still, as generally interpreted,
taken in its popular understanding, in the latitude
in which the people construe it, it is a virtual dec-
laration of war against the whole human family.
Then, to back all this, the platform sympathizes
with Walker; and not only that, but they want
to take Cuba under the Ostend circular, and to get
control of all the passages across the Isthmus,
under the plea of imperious necessity. Sir, this is
always the rogue and tyrant's plan. The doc-
trine is, "We will take what we want on this
continent, and pay for it what we think is right;
but if our money will not be received we will take
it anyhow."
I am not going to indorse, and I will never in-
dorse, any doctrine, any party, or any set of men,
that set out on the idea tnat they are to take pos-
session of other countries without reference to
comity, to national law, or to equity, in the mere
spirit of fierce bullyism, on the idea that might
! makes right. I am not going to say anything
against Mr. Buchanan. Doubtless he is a very
polite gentleman, and a very amiable man. I
nave casually met him in this city. Probably, in
my electioneering canvasses in Kentucky, in my
old speeches, I may have said something about
letting out that drop of Democratic blood, and
the ten cent wages; but 1 have nothing to say
about them here.
But, sir, to those who call themselves Whigs,
and-who go over to Buchanan without protest,
let me tell them they will be the worst bothered
men I ever knew. I once ran a race, in which I
ought to have been beaten five hundred votes,
against Governor Wickliffe, formerly Postmaster
General; and, like Banquo's ghost, every time we
met on the stump, I poked at him an old speech
of his own, and I had him all the time answering
himself, instead of being troubled to reply to him.
Those to whom I allude will find it a very diffi-
cult matter to be eating their words for twenty or
thirty years back. Of course I make no allusion
to any gentleman, especially not to any one in the
Senate. [Laughter.]
Besides, let me tell them that a man who is
turned down to the foot hardly ever gets to the
head again. When the estate comes to De divided,
under the statute of distribution, as I understand,
these men, not being of the household, will come
| in as foreigners, aliens, or bastards, in the family.
They will be treated as having worked for a time
for wages; and when the estate conies to be dis-
tributed they will not get a distributive share.
They will have to wait for the second table all the
time they work, too. This is a bad fix for any
man to get into. [Laughter.]
_ I could comment at great length on the resolu-
tions of the Cincinnati convention, covering filli-
busterism, breathing war and defiance against the
human family, snatching pass-ways over conti-
nents and islands, going over unowned isthmuses
and paths of trade and travel, setting up for a
control of everything; but I expect that the
people of Kentucky will read them and under-
stand them. They will be commented on enough
there, without my saying anything about them
here.
1 heard some gentleman say, that these addi-
tional resolutions were mere declarations of indi-
vidual opinion; that the convention did not adopt
them as binding—as matters of faith; they were
not the doctrines oi the fathers, but a species of
apocrypha. I admit that these conventions, take
them at the best, are very poor affairs. Those
who go there are not the representatives of the
people. They are politicians and representatives
of politicians. They are young, heady, and im-
pulsive men, who are more likely to be for Young
America than anything else, because they are
youngsters themselves. A young man sent out
by an old politician will pay the expenses of a
dozen others. They go there together, represent-
ing congressional districts and counties which
they know nothing about. They are very apt
not to shadow forth a sound political creed, and
just as little apt to shadow forth public opinion
and public feeling. I have been at half a dozen
conventions myself; and although all that 1 at-
tended were perfectly fair—honest, of course—I
am inclined to think there was a good deal of
cheatingtried—perhaps effected. [Laughter.] I
prefer that we should go back to the old congres-
sional mode of nomination. Let the Senators and
Representatives in Congress make the nomina-
tions for their parties. Let them stand on their
responsibility at home. Let them stand on their
character. Let them selectgood men. Let them be
responsible for the selection, as for any legislative
act. Let them stand or fall by it. This would
be preferable to having a mob of ten thousand or
twenty thousand assembled together from all over
the country—representing nobody knows what,
this wind, that caprice, or the other notion—and
building up a platform. Do you suppose that any
sensible set of men would have stuck into one
platform all that is in the Cincinnati resolutions?
There is one thing sensible in connection with the
matter, and that is, that Mr. Buchanan, in writing
| his letter of acceptance, does not seem to swallow
the tail-part of the platform as sweetly as he
migTit do. He appears to have some notions of
foreign policy himself, and to think that some dis-
cretion is required in the management of foreign
affairs, and that you cannot be sufficiently wise
to know beforehand what you should always do
in every contingency. If you look at that part
of his response, you will see that the platform sits
badly on his stomach. It evidently gags him.
Now, Mr. President, I present to the consider-
ation of my constituents the Philadelphia platform.
In it there are many things which I approve. To
be sure I never belonged to the party which made
this platform, but it is a sensible, an able, and a
patriotic document.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Which Philadelphia plat-
form ?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. The one on
which Mr. Fillmore runs, and I will read his
letter accepting the nomination. I will tell you
| what I indorse presently. The Philadelphia plat-
form is:
" First. An humble acknowledgment to the Supreme
Being who rules the universe, for his protecting care vouch-
safed to our fathers in their successful revolutionary strug-
gle, and hitherto manifested to us, their descendants, in
the preservation of the liberties, the independence, and the
union of these States.
" Seamd. The perpetuation of the Federal Union as the
palladium of our civil and religious liberties, and the only
sure bulwark of American independence.
" Third. Americans mtist rule America; and to this end,
| native-born citizens should be selected for all State, Federal,
' and municipal offices, orGovernment employment,in pref-
eiciice to naturalized citizens; nevertheless,
" Fourth. Persons born of American parents residing
temporarily abroad should be entitled to all the rights of
native born citizens; but
" Fifth. No person should be selected for political station
(whether native or of foreign birth) who recognizes any
allegiance or obligation of any description to any foreign
prince, potentate, or power, or wiio refuses to recognize
the Federal and State constitutions (each within its sphere)
as paramount to all other laws as rules of political action.
" Sixth. The unqualified recognition and maintenance of
the reserved rights of <he several States, and the cultivation
of harmony anil fraternal good will between the citizens of
the several States, and. to this end, non-interference by
Congress with questions appertaining solely to the individual
States, and non-intervention by each State with the affairs
of any other State.
" Seventh. The recognition of the right of the native born
and naturalized citizens of the United States permanently
residing in any Territory thereof, <o frame their constitu-
tion and laws, and to regulate their domestic and social
affairs in their own mode, subject only to the provisions of
the Federal Constitution, with the right of admission into
