84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30.
DELAWARE ELECTION.
Mr. CULLEN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table a
bill (S. No. 465) to fix the times of holding, in
the State of Delaware, tl>e election of a Represent-
ative in the Congress of the United States.
Mr. ORR. If I can have an opportunity to
record my vote against the bill, I will make no
objection.
Mr. CULLEN. I demand the previous ques-
tion on ordering the bill to a third reading.
Mr. ORR. I ask the gentleman from Delaware
to withdraw that demand, in order that I may
state my objections to the bill.
Mr. CULLEN. I withdraw it.
Mi*. ORR. I will renew the demand for the
previous question if the gentleman from Delaware
desires it.
The resolution which it is proposed to put upon
its passage is, as I understand it, for the accom-
modation of the people of the State of Delaware.
1 understand that the bill comes here with the
unanimous vote of the Senate, and the concur-
rence of the honorable gentleman who represents
that State in this House. But the true state of
the case as it exists is this: The constitution of
the State of Delaware fixes the particular time
for holding their congressional election. The
time fixed by the constitution is found to work
inconveniently; and the people of Delaware, in-
stead of altering their own State constitution,
fixing the tunc for holding their own election,
come here and ask the two Houses of Congress to
go to that State, and by ail act of Cngress declare
when the people of Delaware shall elect their
members of Congress. JN'ow, this may be, by the
consent of the people of Delaware, anil there may
be no harm growing out of it now. There is a
clause in the Constitution of the United States
authorizing Congress to change the times and
places of holding elections for Representatives,
but it is an authority which has never yet been
exercised by Congress, and I think the precedent
would bo a dangerous one. I do not think that
Congress ought to go into any of the States and
say when their elections shall be held, even though
the State should ask it.
Mr. JONES, of ' rcnncssce. The provision
of the Constitutoon of the United States upon
this subject is, that the times, places, and man-
ner of huldin^ elections for Senators and Repre-
sentatives shall be prescribed by each State by
the Legislature thereof. Hut that Congress nViy
at any lime, by law, malce or alter such regula-
tions, except as to the planes of choosing Sena-
tors.
1 hold that, under this provision of the Consti-
tution of the United States, a State of this Union
cannot, by a constitutional provision, fix the time
and place of holding elections for Representatives,
but it must be done by an act of the Legislature
of the State. The Legislature of the State of
Delaware has, as 1 understand it, failed to do
that altogether, and now they come here and ask
us to exercise a clear and unmistakable right of
Congress.
Mr. OUR. I demand the previous question on
ordering the bill to a third reading.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered to a
third reading, and was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. HAVEN. I move the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. ORR. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The bill was then passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbuiiy Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of the House to a resolution of the Senate,
authorizing the acceptance, by certain persons,
of medals presented to them by foreign Govern-
ments.
KANSAS LAWS.
Mr. WHITNEY. As the two Houses of
Congress have passed an appropriation bill with-
out a proviso foajthe support of the Army, I
deem this a proper time to introduce a bill for
practical legislation on behalf of Kansas. I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to introduce
a bill to annul certain enactments in the Terri-
tory of Kansas, and to define and secure the
rights to the people in said Territory.
Mr. MACE and others objected.
Mr. WHITNEY. Will the Chair allow the
title of the bill to be read ? *
The SPEAKER. It cannot be read, except by-
unanimous consent.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I object.
MEDAL TO DR. ELIAS K. ICANE.
Mr. PENNINGTON. The House has to-day
passed two Senate resolutions authorizing certain
individuals to accept medals presented to them
by foreign Governments. A resolution has been
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
authorizing Dr. Elias IC. Kane and the officers
associated with him in their late expedition to
the Arctic seas in search of Sir John Franklin,
to accept such token of acknowledgment from
the Government of Great Britain as it may please
to present.
1 ask leave to report that resolution, and put it
upon its passage.
No objection being made, the resolution was
reported, and ordered to be read a third time.
The resolution was read the third time.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I call the previous
question on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. As the appropri-
ation bill has now been disposed of, I propose to
introduce a joint resolution for the final adjourn-
ment of the two Houses of Congress at half past
three o'clock on this day.
Mr. ORR. 1 object.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I hope no adjournment
will take place until something has been done to
relieve the troubles in Kansas.
Mr. ORR. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. PENNINGTON. 1 renew the objection.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move (the Senate con-
curring) the Speaker of the House and the Pres-
ident of the Senate adjourn their respective
Houses of Congress at half past three o'clock
this day.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I object; and I give
notice that no adjournment can take place with
my consent until something has been done for the
relief of Kansas.
Mr. HOUSTON, I wish to sfntc, that there
are several gentlemen who wish to leave the city
at lmlf past three o'clock. To accommodate them,
1 propose that, by unanimous consent, no other
business of general legislation shall be done before
we adjourn sine die. Gentlemen who wish to
leave by the lirst train can then feel themselves
at liberty to go.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. What is the regular
ordorof bu^mes.* ?
The SPEAKKH. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports of pri-
vate bills, and then the call of States for resolu-
tions.
Mr. COBB. Will it be in order to introduce a
resolution for final adjournment under the call of
States for resolutions?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it shall arise. Reports are m order
from the ntanding committees of the House.
Ilesolations are m order from the State of New
Jersey—Pennsylvania,
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 submit the following reso-
lution, and demand the previous question upon
its adoption:
Revived, (the Senate concurring,) That the Speaker of
tins liou.se and the Pu-sident of ttie Senate adjourn their
respective Houses of Congre&s sine die, at lialf past llnee
o'clock, p. in., this day.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. I objected this morning to
granting leave to the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Oliver] to print remarks on the Army bill.
I ask the consent of the House now to withdraw
my objection in this instance, giving notice that
in no other case shall I consent to have remarks
printed in the proceedings of the House which
were not delivered.
No objection was made; and leave was accord-
ingly granted.
PRISONERS IN KANSAS.
Mr. GROW. I offer the following resolution;
and demand the previous question upon it:
Resolved, That the President be, and he is hei eby, respect-
fully requested to direct the district attorney of the United
States for the Territory of Kansas to apply to the proper
couit in said Teiritoiy for leave to enter a nolle prosequi
upon all the indictments now pending for treason alleged
or pretended to have been committed in said Territory.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that there be a
call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
the main question having been ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to lay the resolution
on the table; and ask for the yeas and nays upon
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. J move that the House do now
adjourn; and ask for the yeas and nays upon the
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will withdraw his motion to adjourn.
Mr. PHELPS. I shall vote against the mo-
tion. My only object is to consume time.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If the House now
adjourns, to what time will it adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the Chair
to say until the Senate shall have notified the
House what action they have taken upon the
lesolution for final adjournment.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 0, nays 142; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barbour, Bilhnghuist, Dunn, Howaid,
Andrew Oliver, and Walbridgo—6.
NAYS—Me^sis. Aiken, Aker&, Albright, Allison, Barks-
dale, Henry Bennett, Ilendley S. Bennett, Benson, Bing-
ham, Bliss, fiocock, Boyce, Biadshaw, Brand*, Bufiinton,
Burnett, Cadwalader, James II. Campbell, John P. Camp-
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, Cailile, Ca-dae, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark,Clawson,Clingman, Williamson 11. W. Cobb, Colfav,
Connns, Covnde, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Cumback, Dam-
rell, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Dean, Denver, Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, JDowdell, Durfee, Edmundson, Edwards,
F.mne, Floionee, Calloway, <Jiddmg-3, Gilbert, Goode
Grange], Greenwood, Crow. Italian, Sampson W. Harris*,
li.un-von, Jlolloway, Thomas it. Koiton, Houston, Ifughs-
lou, Jcutttt, George VV. jones, J. Clancy Jones, Kelly,
KeNey, Kidwel), King, Kuapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkd, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mattej-on, Max-
woil, McCarty, McMullm, McQueen, Smith Millei, Million,
Morgan, Motf, Noiton, Oir, Parker, Peck, Pelton, Penning-
!
Snnmons, Samuel A. Smith, William Sniith, WiHiam R.
Smith, Sneed, Stephen*, Stewait, Stranahan. Talbott,
Tappan, Tayloi, Thonngton, Todd, Tiaftou, Undeiwood,
Wakeman, Waldron, Walker, Warner, Cadwalader C.
Wdihbuine, Welch. Wheeler, Whitney, Winslow, Wood,
Woodmrf, Woodworth, and John V. Wright—142.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Eurtis, had paired off with Mr. Wash-
Euitx, of Maine.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Hills? reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills and resolutions of the
following titles:
A resolution (S. R. No. 37) authorizing Alex-
ander D. Bache to accept a medal presented to
him by the_King of Sweden;
An act (S. No. 465) to fix the times of holding,
in the State of Delaware, the election of a Repre-
sentative in the Congress of the United States;
A resolution (S. R. No. 31) authorizing the
acceptance of certain medals from foreign Gov-
ernments; and
A resolution (S. R. No. 12) allowing Dr. E.
K. Kane and the officers associated with him in
