THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
act, and for expenses incidental to opening the lew offices,
tile sum of .$4,000."
Mr. GROW demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; the main
question was ordered to be put, and being put,
the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. WHITNEY, byunanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice,introducer! a. hill
to protect the public property, and preserve the
peace in the Territory of Kansas; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
„ Committee on Territories.
REPORTS OF TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. QUITMAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill to reimburse the Ter-
ritory of Utah for certain expenses incurred by
the Territory in the suppression of Indian hos-
tilities. m the year 1853; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the stale of the Union, andordered
to be printed.
Mr. WA LBR!DC P., from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of the
register of the land office at Oregon City,Oregon,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, andordered
to be printed.
Mr. PERRY, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported a bill making appropriations for
the construction of territorial roads m the Terri-
tory of Nebraska; which was read a first and
second time, referred' to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BARCLAY. I ask leave to report, from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
a bill to authorize the Postmaster General to ex-
ecute a contract with Messrs. Gorman, Wyle,
and Benford, for carrying the mail from Cumber-
land, Maryland, to Greensburg, Pennsylvania.
_ Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is not ter-
ritorial' business,
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. ALLISON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back House bill (No. l)to
authorize the Secretary of War to settle and pay
the expenses of the war with the Indians in the
Territories of Oregon and Washington, in the
years 1855-'56, and for other purposes, with a
substitute in the nature of a joint resolution;
which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state, of the Union, and ordered to
bo printed.
• Mr. QUITMAN. The minority of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have agreed to a bill
upon this subject. It is a subject of great import-
ance, and one that will involve a great deal of
discussion in this House. I hope, although it
may not be strictly in order, that the House will
permit the bill agreed to by the minority of the
committee to be refeired and printed along with
the majority report.
It was so ordered.
Mr. PURVIANCE, from the Committee on
Territories, reported a bill making appropriations
for the bridging of streams and opening roads in
Minnesota Territory; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
CLOSE OF DEBATE ON THE ARMY BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I offer the usual
resolution closing debate upon the Army appro-
priation bill on Tuesday of next week, at one
o clock.
Mr. GROW. I must raise the question of
order on that resolution. I do not see that it
relates to territorial business at all.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to fix some day in the future.
Mr. GROW. If there is to be no discussion
on the resolution I will not object to it.
The SPEAKER. It is not a debatable ques-
tion, and the Chair thinks it is privileged.
Mr. KEITT. I ask that the resolution shall
be so worded as to close the debate in One hour
after the House again goes into committee'.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will modify the resolu-
tion so as to close the debate in two hours.
The resoltuion, as modified, Was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Leiter in the chair,) the business
before said committee being, by special assign-
ment, that relating to the Territories.
ADMISSION OF OREGON.
The Chair stated the first business to be the
consideration of House bill (No. 7) toenahle the
people of Oregon Territory to form a constitution
and State government, and for the admission of
such State into the Union. The question being
on the amendment of Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
to amend the first section of the bill so as to make
it read as follows:
That the people of the Temtory of Oregon, whenever
thoy shall have a population equal to the ratio of One Rep
resentative, under the census of 18.">0, he, and they are
hereby, authorized to form a constitution and State govern-
ment.
Mr. DUNN. I would suggest to the gentle-
man who offered that amendment to accept as a
modification the following:
Whenever they shall have a population equal to the
ratio of one Representative, under the census of 18.>0, to be
ascertained by a eensu« taken under the authority of the
territorial govtiimneilb&
Mr. JONES.'^PTiave no objection to that
modification, f a'ccept it.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, when, yes-
terday, I moved that the committee rise, after
having had the bill under debate for some time,
my purpose was to examine the bill at some
length in the hope of convincing members of
the committee that there was a manifest wisdom
in modifying it m the manner proposed by the
gentleman from Tennessee. But, sir, after the
committee had risen, and the House had ad-
journed, when I recalled to mind the limitation
already prescribed by rule of the House, that this
territorial business must be disposed of during
the present week, I became satisfied at once that,
as far as I was concerned, I should content my-
self simply with placing on record the reasons
which influence my own mind ill voting against
the bill ill its present shape. I can find no jus-
tification for my consuming the time of this House
or of the committee, in view of the fact, that., at
the close of this week, the consideration of these
territorial bills must, without a new resolve on
the part of this House, be brought to a conclusion.
Now, sir, reflection, since the adjournment of
yesterday, has but tended to strengthen the ob-
jections which first presented themselves to my
mind; and although this reflection has afforded
me food enough to have perhaps consumed an
additional hour in stating those objections at
length, I feel constrained not to make the attempt.
It was with my consent that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Gnow] made his motion to
limit the debate on this bill to thirty minutes. I
thanked him for the courtesy extended to me in
first asking my consent, before he made his mo-
tion. I stated yesterday in brief why I thought
the bill should be modified, and 1 will not now
attempt even to recapitulate the reasons which
I then stated in brief; but I shall bo contented
to place upon record my determination to vote
against the bill as it now stands.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] yesterday, in allusion to
some remarks submitted by me, assumed that I
placed the ground on which I was willing to sup-
port this bill on the Constitution. I desire to say,
m the face of the House and to that gentleman,
that I said nothing in relation to the Constitution.
I did say yesterday, that I was willing to vote
for the admission of a Territory as a new State
into this Union, where she had not population
enough to give her a Representative, if that popu-
lation was inside of one of the States of the Union.
I said nothing in reference to the Constitution.
My argument was not based upon that. But, sir,
I will say—I can say, that if, by the Constitution,
there is to be a uniform representation, I see no
reason why we should admit into this Union a
State with a population not sufficient to give a
Representative inside of an organized State. It is
an inequality which, in a fair construction of the
Constitution, may not be authorized. If the gen-
tleman is determined to place it on that ground, I
am willing to meet him. I did not place it on that
ground yesterday. The ground which I assumed
was one which controlled my own judgment and
my own opinion; and the gentleman from Ohio
will permit me to say to him, to this House,
everywhere, that my opinions are not to be gov-
erned by his wishes; they are not to be controlled
by his; they are not to be influenced by his. I
stand on this floor representing a constituency as
numerous as his; as intelligent as his; as patriotic
as his; and he is not to dragoon me in any action
which I may take.
Mr. GROW. I must insist on the order being
carried out faithfully. I raise the point that the
gentleman from Illinois is not speaking to the
question. I must raise the point on him, as I have
done on every other gentleman who has spoken
outside of the question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If I have wandered, I
have wandered after gentlemen who have pre-
ceded me in debate.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, the gentleman from Illinois is in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I shall not transgress,
knowingly, any of the rules of debate, cither in
decorum, or in the debating of subjects under
consideration. I have said now all that I was dis-
posed to say; and, lest I might get out of order,
1 will take my seat.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois understood me as in any manner attempting
to control his judgment, it is proper, perhaps,
that I should say that I have never assumed any
such dictatorial position on this floor. I have
recognized in that gentleman, and in every other
gentleman here, that right which I claim for my-
self—to act according to his and their own judg-
ments. I was taking a different view of the
question, and stated that certain individuals had
attempted to lay down absolute rules to govern
this body in relation to the admission of new
States—that they should have a ccrtain amount
of population—and that we should legislate for
them only under ccrtain circumstances. Now,
sir, it is right and proper—as' the gentleman saya
for the subject of population to enter into our
consideration. I understand that gentleman and
myself to stand on the same footing. Are all
the circumstances such as to induce us to believe
that it is proper, right, and just, to admit this
Territory into the Union as a State ? In determ-
ining that question, gentlemen will take into
consideiation the question, whether there is in
the Territory a population sufficient to enable
them to maintain a State government? but in
determining that question I have no idea of
referring at all to the ratio of representation pre-
scribed for admitting members to this House
from the States generally. The rule, to my
mind, by which we should be governed is, that
there shall be a population sufficient, willing,
and desirous to maintain a State government.
Then, sir, the position of a people changes: the
policy which we should adopt changes. For in-
stance, I should be willing to admit Oregon as a
State, with a less population than 1 should a Ter-
ritory upon our western border, such as Minne-
sota. The Territory of Oregon is far off; we do
not know the wants or necessities of that people ;
and they should be admitted as a State with a
population far less than should be required of
Minnesota.
These are all circumstances that should enter
into the policy of the admission of a new State.
The principle for which I contend is, that all these
circumstances should be taken into consideration
in determining upon the admission of any State.
And upon this bill, preliminary to the admission
of Oregon, we cannot avoid meeting the great prin-
ciple upon which new States are admitted into
the Union.
Mr. STEWART. I am not prepared to say
that I have come to the conclusion, that the
amendment proposed by the gentleman fromTen-
nessee [Mr. Jones] should meet my approba-
tion. I understand, from the Constitution of the
United States, that it is competent for the Con-
gress of the UnitedStates, at any time, according
to its judgment, to admit a State into the Union.
That instrument does'not distinctly prescribe any
