1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1453
limitation, and the admission of a pew State
must, therefore, necessarily, as I apprehend, be
left, to a great extent, to the discretion of the
Congress of the United States. I am not, there-
fore, prepared to affirm, as an invariable proposi-
tion, that a State must necessarily, prior to its
admission into the Union, have the ratio of pop-
ulation which would entitle another section of
the country to a Representative in this House.
But, at the same time, it appears to me, from
the character of this bill, without undertaking to
furnish any information, any data as to the num-
ber of inhabitants in that Territory, if we pro-
ceed to admit Oregon into the Union as a State,
our action might in future be construed into a
precedent, and, non constat, a Territory with an
indefinite, or a very small population might come
here and make application for admission upon
that precedent.
I must confess that, so far as the past legisla-
tion of the country is concerned—and we must
decide upon these matters, in some measure,
according to the history of the legislation of the
country and its bearing upon pending questions—
as the matter now stands, we find that the legis-
lation of the country upon this subject has not
been uniform. The great issue to be decided by
the next presidential election is that involved in
the Kansas and Nebraska bill, that Congress
shall not interfere in the legislation of the Terri-
tories, so far as their domestic institutions are
concerned, aijd they conform to the Constitution
of the United States—that the people of the Ter-
ritories may regulate those institutions for them-
selves, not conflicting with the said Constitution.
As I understand it, the right asserted by former
Congresses to make such regulations has not
been claimed by the Democratic party in their
platform; but under the doctrine of non-mterven-
tion the matter has been turned over to the Ter-
ritories, subject to the Constitution of the United
States. That compromise, if you please, super-
sedes the Missouri compromise, and that I under-
stand to be our present condition as members
of the Democratic party. The right, if it exists,
has been yielded or transferred to the people
of the Territories, subject to the Constitution of
the United States, for the purpose of taking out
of the Congress of the United States such agi-
tating questions as have a tendency to disturb
the harmony of our glorious Union. It has been
considered, therefore, as a matter of policy, to
say nothing of the constitutional question, that
this subject should be left to the people of the
Territories as a practical question. The doctrine
of non-intervention and popular sovereignty is
the order of the day. It is an important consid-
eration to the South. It has been held that the
Constitution of the United States, by its theory
and necessary tendency, carries slavery into the
Territories; and the adoption of the principle,
that the people of the Territories shall settle this
question themselves, may be regarded as a con-
cession, to some extent, upon the part of the
South, or those who acquiesce in it. I say that
is the construction of the Constitution which has
been, and may be, well maintained by the South.
Gentlemen from the South, however, have not
been disposed to carry their slaves to new Terri-
tories, unless the climate, and feelings of the
people, and their circumstances, were such as to
adapt themselves to that peculiar institution. I
say, therefore, that the doctrine of non-interven-
tion embraced in the Kansas-Nebraska act com-
mends itself to all sections — important to the
South as well as to the North.
Then, sir, so far as the recent legislation of
Congress upon this subject is concerned, and so
far as the great principle embodied in the Kansas
and Nebraska bill is involved, the people of the
Territories (so far as the Constitution and Con-
gress can authorize them) are regarded as being
clothed with the same powers as the people of
the States in regulating their own internal and
domestic affairs. It is true that they are not
invested with thatsovereignty which entitles them
to representation in the Senate and House of
Representatives; but, in all other respects, they
are to be considered as invested with all the attri-
butes held by the people of the States, so far as
their domestic alfairs are concerned, subject to
the Constitution of the United States.
Then, so far as the admission of the people of
Oregon as a State is concerned, it seems to me
that, in consideration of their distant location,
they should, with expedition, be invested with
all the attributes of sovereignty, as soon as they
have a population of sufficient and respectable
numbers to maintain a State government; mod-
est, it may be, in its inception, but powerful,
strong, and fully efficient in its future progress
and history, in that great and "rowing Pacific
region, it is to be devoutly hoped.
We understand from the Delegate from Oregon,
that there are in that Territory a population suf-
ficient for the transaction of their affairs, and the
assumption of all the responsibilities of a State
government; sustained, too, by the data furnished
by the last election. It is proposed by the amend-
ment, that the people of that Territory shall not
be admitted into this Union until their number is
exactly ascertained and found to be equal to the
congressional ratio. We may understand from
the Delegate, backed by the evidence to which he
refers, that the House can be no better satisfied
by the proof of census statistics than by the evi-
dence now before it. Undertake to enumerate the
people of the Territory through a census, and
questions may necessarily arise with regard to
the regularity and correctness of the proce-
dure.
Mr. CARLILE. I understand the gentleman
from Maryland to say that the South concedes
the right to the inhabitants of a Territory to de-
termine this question of slavery in the Territories
for themselves. If I correctly understood what
the gentleman said, then I have to say in reply,
that, though the gentleman may speak for that
portion of the party to which he is attached,
there is anothei portion of the South which makes
no such concession.
Mr. STEWART, I express my own convic-
tions and construction, and indicate, so far as I
am able, what is the principle of the Democratic
! party in opposition to the principles of the other
: political parties of the country. I do not place
| the Democratic party in the attitude of acknowl-
j edging that this right necessarily exists by virtue
I of the Constitution. I do not understand that
! that is the position it takes. The ground may be
taken and held, (slavery being defined by the
municipal regulations of the States as property,)
that there is no power on the face of the earth,
either by the law of nations, the Constitution of
the United States, or the settled decisions of the
courts, to deprive any individual of that property.
It is considered property the world over, unless
where there is express or prescriptive law against
it.
Mr. GROW. I am sorry to make the point
of order on my friend from Maryland, but I must
do it. I make the point that the gentleman's re-
marks are not pertinent to the question under
consideration. As I have made the point on
other gentlemen when there was occasion for it,
I cannot make the gentleman an exception to the
rule by which I am controlled.
Mr. STEWART. In reply to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, I hold that in what I have
said, I have in no way traveled outside of the
legitimate range of debate. The gentleman from
Virginia propounded an interrogatory, and 1 was
about to answer it.
Mr. GROW. 1 make the point. I shall be
satisfied with the decision of the Chair, whatever
it may be.
Mr. STEWART. I do not agree with the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that the course of de-
bate I am pursuing is not strictly in order; that I
am not discussing this measure fully and fairly
on its merits. I apprehend that 1 am. I have
gone a little more particularly into the views I
have of this question than I at first intended, and
was also responding to the interrogatory of the
gentleman from Virginia. I hold that the sugges-
tions 1 have made are legitimately germane to the
question immediately before the House. 1 cannot
believe that the Chair will hold otherwise. If we
are to be restricted, in what way are we to be re-
stricted? What are we to discuss? What are
we to talk about ? Let the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania give his reasons.
Mr. GROW. I do not wish to interrupt the
gentleman. The question before the committee
is on authorizing Oregon to form a State consti-
tion; and the question of slavery, as I conceive,
has no connection with that subject, one way or
the other. I do not insist on the question of
order, as the gentleman's time will soon expire—
may be before this interruption is done with.
Mr. STEW ART. 1 do not propose unneces-
sarily occupying any portion of the time of the
committee, but l do hold that the suggestions I
have thrown out go to the proper consideration
of the measure before us. They necessarily affect
the action of this body; and it is in reference to
that consideration, and for the purpose of defining
my own position, that I have said so much. I am
not prepared to admit the correctness of the prin-
ciple embraced in the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee. It assumes that no Territory
should be admitted into this Union unless she had
a certain definite ratio of population. 1 am not
prepared to conform to that as an invariable, arbi-
trary, and unbending rule. There may be consid-
erations connected with a Territory, as there are
with Oregon, which may justify the admission of
her as a State, whether with or without the ratio
of congressional representation. But the bill,
as it is now presented to us, may probably be
defective in some particulars; and if no other
member should propose an amendment, I may
be inclined to put in something .to indicate the
evidence on which Congress may act on the prop-
osition to admit Oregon. It may be done by a
preamble.
Mr. CADWALADER. I understand that the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Stewart] doea
not approve or adopt, in its full extent, the pro-
posed rule that a new State shall never be admitted
without a population equal to that of a congres-
sional district in a State which is entitled to more
than one Representative here. I say more than
one Representative, because the Constitution, re-
cognizing the case of States with a population
smaller than that of such a district, provides that
each State shall have at least one Representative.
He rejects the proposed rule as an indispensable
condition to the admission of a new State. But
he thinks that the proposed Stale, if she has not
a present population equal to that of the ratio of
representation, ought to have a population approx-
imating it, or that there should, at all events, be
a definite prospect of her having such a popula-
tion immediately after, or very soon after, her
admission. I understand that, if this bill was
differently framed, he would not object to per-
mission being given at once to Oregon to adopt
measures preliminary to her admission. In other
words, he thinks that the condition as to popu-
lation, modified according to his views, is fulfilled
substantially in the case of Oregon. I do not
perceive that he could, with consistency, view the
subject otherwise. The vote polled for the sitting
Delegate at the congressional election for the
Territory, shows that her population, which is
rapidly increasing, was then at least sixty thou-
sand persons. Its increase is, we know, in a •
ratio far greater, in any given time, than that of
anv of the present States of the Union. His ob-
jection, then, is not to the measure, but to the bill.
He objects to the bill, not, as other gentlemen
have objected, because it contains no clause re-
quiring a census or enumeration of inhabitants;
but objects to it, as I understand, because it does
not contain on its face an indication that we re-
cognize the principle of population which ought
to govern us, as he defines the principle.
Now, the gentleman seems to have considered
the subject very carefully; and I ask leave to put
a practical question to him, to which I shall be
glad to receive an answer. The question is this:
Why should we require any more certain stand-
ard than that which the congressional legislation
of the Territory has furnished? and, as this is a
publicly known fact, adequately attested, why
should we not rest upon our knowledge of it, and
upon the knowledge of it by all the world, as
explaining the ground upon which we are to vole ?
I see no good reason for introducing a reference
to this in the bill. The motives of legislation are
not usually stated at the present day on the face
of acts of legislation. It is quite enough that they
exist.
When the grounds of the admission of Oregon
shall be discussed on any future occasion, there
will be no difficulty in referring to the number of
votes at the election for the Delegate in the pres-
ent Congress, and to the increase, in this number
beyond that of the votes polled at the Delegate
election for the last Congress,.as justifying her
admission. There will he no difficulty in placing
