1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
their late expedition to the Arctic seas in search
of Sir John Franklin, to accept such token of ac-
knowledgment therefor from the Government of
Great Britain as it may please to present.
When the Speaker signed the same.
^ Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move the adop-
tion of the usual resolution, that a committee be
appointed to wait upon the President, with such
committee as may be appointed by the Senate,
and inform him that being ready to adjourn they
await any further communication that he may
desire to make.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Smith, of Tennessee, Bar-
bour, and Carlile, said committee on the part
of the House.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. 1 move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. GROW. Is the motion in order? We
have just voted down a motion to adjourn.
Mr. COBB. There has been intervening busi-
ness. I make the motion with a view of occu-
pying time until we can hear from the President
and the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order.
A message was received from the President,
by Major Thomas, Assistant Secretary of State,
notifying the House that he had approved and
signed the Army appropriation bill.
A message was also received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying
the House that that body had concurred in the
resolution of the House for adjournment without
day.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
the committee appointed to wait upon the Presi-
dent of the United States, and inform him that
both Houses were ready to adjourn, and to receive
any communication that he might choose to make,
have discharged that duty, and report that the
President has no further communication to moke
to Congress.
The question was put on the motion to adjourn;
but before the call of the roll had been com-
pleted , half past three o 'clock having arrived, the
Speaker, in obedience to the resolution adopted
by both Houses, adjourned the House without
day.
ADDENDA.
DEMOCRACY NATIONAL AND NOT SECTIONAL.
SPEECH OF HON. T. J. D. FULLER,
OP MAINE,
In the House op Representatives,
August 28,185G,
In vindication of the Democratic party from the charge of
Sectionalism, made by his colleagues, arid defending its
action upon the Disagreement of the two Houses of Con-
gress upon the Army Appropriation Hill.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, said:
Mr. Speaker: Having been unable to obtain
the floor, until this late day—though I have dili-
gently and perseveringly sought it for weeks—I
avail myself, by the courtesy of the House, of
this first occasion to express my sentiments upon
questions which have been much discussed during
the recent long session of Congress. In doing
so, however, I am constrained to overcome a strong
natural repugnance to making a political speech
in a legislative assembly like the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States.
I assure you, sir, that this sentiment has rather
been strengthened than weakened by a legisla-
tive experience of seven years in this body. For
weeks and months I have been compelled to listen
to the most inflammatory partisan harangues,
better suited to the theater of the political hust-
ings than to the statesmanlike deliberations of
an American Congress—harangues, apparently
designed to inflame the passions and to excite
the piejudices of one section of our common coun-
try against another section, and to create the
settled conviction in the public mind that the true
interests and the political welfare of the free and
the slave States of this great Republic are antag-
onistical to each other; and, what is worse and
far more mischievous and dangerous in its prac-
tical effect, to inculcate the idea in the northern
mind, that the slavehokling States are inspired
with a haughty and arrogant disposition to rule
by imperious sway their political brethren of the
free States—that the free States having the majo-
rity of numbers, ought rightfully, and regardless
of constitutional restrictions and obligations, to
impose their own notions of moral and political
i-jo-ht upon their brethren of the slave States —
that northern Democrats, who do not enlist in this
crusade against the slave States,st are base truck-
lers," "^dirt-eaters," "contemptible dough-
faces," and similar terms of contumely and
reproach. Upon northern Democrats, in an es-
pecial manner, are concentrated the most intensi-
fied political spleen and vituperation of the Black
Republicans. What is this for? Why, to render
unpopular, obnoxious, and odious, every man
who exerts an influence or stands in the way of
these immaculate Republicans in gaining then
desired political ascendency in this Government.
They seem bent on overthrowing the last barrier
in the way of forming a sectional party, which
must weaken, if not fatally disrupt, the ties that
bind us together as one people.
Among the foremost oi that party, I regret to
find a member from my own State—the gentle-
man from the Oxford district—as is shown by
the speeches delivered by him at the late session.
What good or useful purposes will such speeches
serve? Is it desirable that the free and slave
States of this Republic should separate, and pro-
ceed to form two distinct and separate Confedera-
cies? If so, why not boldly and manfully avow
the purpose to be attained, and proceed at once
to the accomplishment of the desired object?
Why seek, indirectly, to accomplish a purpose
which may be come at directly? But, if not, is
it wise, discreet, or commendable, to pursue a
course of policy which, inevitably, and according
to well known experience, tends most unerringly
to this end ?
If one will but read the Farewell Address of the
Father of his Country, and then, animated with
the spiritand temper which thepatriotic sentiments
of that address shall inspire in his bosom, sit
down and peruse the speech of my colleague, he
will fully appreciate the force of the idea 1 wish
to express. In my judgment, the true patriot, in
this hour of sectional hatred and politicalstrife, can
do his country no greater service than by exerting
his influence to ameliorate and soften down the
sectional feeling already engendered to such a
fearful and alarming extent, even if it be at the
expense of having heaped upon his head those
opprobrious epithets, calculated and designed to
bring him into disrepute among his fellow-citizens.
Madness will not always rule the hour; for
I believe that this sectional hatred has been
fomented, excited, and intensified, for no other
purpose than to further the hopes and wishes of
partisan aggrandizement
Hitherto the opinion has been considered as a
speculative one, whether this Government con-
tained within itself sufficient strength and adhesion
to withstand successfully, the shock of a sectional
political controversy based upon the slavery ques-
tion. The issue is now made! The fearful ques-
tion is upon us ! The experiment is to be tested,
however much prudent men have sought to avoid
it. Washington and his compatriots, who con-
ducted the colonies triumphantly through the
American Revolution, and afterwards completed
that greater labor of forming a constitutional
model Republic (wherein all the States were
blended into one for national purposes) were fa-
miliar with the history of the rise and fall of civil
Government. They were undoubtedly stimu-
lated to incur the responsibilities attendant upon
so great an undertaking by the renown which
would follow their success. They seem to have
fully appreciated this idea. The student of Amer-
ican history cannot fail to notice, in the writings
of the patriots of the Revolution, that they were
laboring more for the benefit of their posterity
than for the generation of their own time. Hence
their solicitude to give durability to the mighty
superstructure which, m their bright visions of the
future, they saw was to arise upon the founda-
tions laid by them at so great personal sacrifices,
well knowing that their own fame would be com-
mensurate with the magnitude and duration of
I the Republic. For this purpose, Washington
pointed out, with prophetic foresight, the causes
(as wc now see) which seemed most likely to be
the means of overturning the Republic, and, by
timely admonition, to avert so great a calamity.
In his Farewell Address he says:
" fn contemplating the causes which may disturb our
Union, it occurs, as a matter of serious concern, that any
ground should have been furnished for characterizing par-
ties by geographical discriminations—Northern, Southern,
Atlantic, and Western"—[Mark the words !]—u whence
designing men may endeavor to excite a belief that there
is a real difference of local interests and views. One of
the expedients to acquire influence within particular dis-
trict.1? is to misrepresent the opinions and views of other
districts. You cannot shield yourselves too much against
the Jealousies and heart-burnings which spring from these
misrepresentations. They tend to render alien to each
other those who ought to he bound together by fraternal
affections."
No passage of Holy Writ is more prophetic
than is this advice of Washington to his coun-
trymen. He must have been inspired with a
prophet's vision when he uttered those words.
And to-day, scarce sixty years since the language
was penned, through fanaticism and sectional
hatred, legardJess of his warning voice, this Re-
public is tottering to its fail.
For the purpose of turning the attention of the
citizens of my own State to their own true and
peculiar interests, I invite their attention to another
extract from the same address; for I deem it not
irreverent to say, that Washington's Farewell
Address should be to the citizen in his political
relations, what the Sermon on the Mount is to
the life of the Chiistian:
"The North, in an unrestrained intercourse with the
South, protected by equal laws of a common Government,
finds in the productions of the latter groat additional re-
sources ot a mantime and commercial enterprise, and per-
ceives materials of manufacturing industry. The South, in
the same mtercouise, benefited by the agency of the North,
sees its agriculture grow, and its commerce expand; turn-
ing parti) into it« channels the seamen of the North, it finds
its particular navigation invigorated; and while it contrib-
utes in different ways to nourish and increase the general
mass of the national navigation, it looks forward to the pro-
tection of a maritime strength to which itself is unequally
adapted."
But our opponents, the Republicans, conscious
of the fast and strong hold these sentiments have
upon the popular mind of the North, seek to
weaken their influence by affirming that they are
not a sectional party ! For they know that no
party, sectional in its principles and organization,
can expect to succeed. The popular mind will
not be satisfied with any political organization,
which does not embrace, within its ample folds,
the whole country. Hence their solicitude to
avoid the odium which most assuredly will attach
to such an organization. As evidence to this
assertion, I append the subjoined extract from
the revised speech of the member from the Oxford
district, as published in the- Appendix to the
Congressional Globe:
" As I announced in the commencement of these re-
marks, I shall now attempt to show that the Republican
party is a national party ; that it stands upon a platform of
principles eminently national; and that no national man,
North or South, East or West, can, with any show.of con-
sistency, refuse to ?tand upon it.
" The Democratic platform is sectional in all its parts;
and to call it a " national" platform is a Jibel upon the com-
mon sense of every man who reads it.
u With all these facts glaring them in the face, the mem-
bers of the so-called Democrauc party, the supporters of the
