1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Party Platforms—Mr. Thompson, o£ Kentucky.
Senate.
is it less than moral treason ? Law and common sense hold
a man responsible for the natural consequence of his acts,
and must not those whose acts tend to the destruction of
the Government be equally held responsible ? And let me
also add, that when this Uuion is dissolved it will not be di-
vided into two republics or two monarchies, but broken
into fragments and at war with each other."
Sir, these speeches will form «f scrap-book—a
vade mecum with Whigs. They will go out with
them into the mountains and exhibit them to the
people. As an old preacher would say, showing
your creed and confession of faith, or, as a law-
yer like yourself would say, showing your doc-
umentary evidence or muniments by which you
claim title to the Presidency. In answer to your
[Mr. Douglas's] question, I present these docu-
by the Whig party everywhere, and, in my opin-
ion, it contained nothing contradictory to, or in-
consistent with, the additional Fillmore platform.
As it is short, and expresses my faith and feel-
ings, I will read it:
"The Whigs of the United States, in convention assembled,
firmly adhering to the great conservative republican princi-
ple by which they are controlled and governed, and now, as
ever, relying upon the intelligence of the American people,
with an abiding confidence in their capacity for self-govern-
ment, and their continued devotion to the Constitution and
the Union, do proclaim the following as the political senti-
ments and determination, for the establishment and main-
tenance of which their national organization, as a party, is
effected:
"1. That the Government of the United States is of a
, limited character, and it is confined to the exercise of pow-
ers expressly granted by the Constitution, and such as may
ments. I am willing to submit them to the people _ _ . ,  „
of Kentucky, as I believe thev are a just tribunal, i 5® necessaTyan<l proper for carrying the granted powers into
an hnnp^t __ „„„ l ' : i full execution; and that all powers not thus grained or ne-
jury, to decide, as faras theycan,how [ cessarilv iniDlied are exore ;slv reserved to the States rc-
„ . . -ney (
these great issues shall be terminated.
Mr. President, with some of the sentiments of
Mr. Fillmore's letter of acceptance I cordially
concur. I am myself for giving an asylum for
protection and refuge from the cruelties, and op-
pressions, and hardships of the Old World to every
man who shall come here; but I do not believe
that a foreigner is fitted, by habit,association, or
education, to control the Government of this
country. I shall not trouble you with statistics
and figures. I speak in round numbers when I
say, that there are annually received into the
United States—yes, sir, per annum—more uned-
ucated, raw, untrained foreigners, to say nothing
of vagabonds, criminals, vagrants, homicides,
and refugees of various descriptions—all people
of the Free-Soil character—than would constitute
such a State as Arkansas or Florida. They come
in as strangers, unused to our Government, know-
ing nothing about it. I say, when we afford them
fc place of refuge and protection, it is the height
of impudence for them to claii  to control the
Government, as it would be for me, if I were
invited to your house to supper, and should un-
dertake to control your household, and order
about your family. It is not polite; it is not
d.ecent; it is not honest; it is not proper.
Besides, this whole influence is anti-southern.
It was said some years ago, that the Irishman j
who landed at the Battery at New York before |
he reached half way to the Astor House would
hurrah for Patrick 0'Jackson and Martin Mc-
Van Buren. They all come in Democrats, and
they never get out of the notion. They coitte as
Free-Soilers; and any southern man who cannot
stand as much Native Americanism as there is
in Mr. Fillmore's platform, and who cannot sus-
tain such a sound conservative, national man as
Mr. Fillmore proved himself to be when he was
in power—as pure an administration as we have
had since the dsys of Washington—is not fit to
be called such. I say Mr. Fillmore's was as pure
an administration as we have had since the days
of Washington. Any errors which he mayhave
committed were venial and trivial things; and I
eay all southern men ought to support him.
1 like not only his toleration towards foreign-
ers, but I like his platform in a great many other
"respects. Before that, however, and in preference
to it, there is a platform which embraces more
nearly my creed, though I take with a good deal
of gusto, and some unction, most of the things
in the Fillmore platform—I allude to the Whig
platform of 1852. It was formed by a commit-
tee, of which the late William C. Dawson, of
Georgia, was the chairman. Mr. Upton, of
Louisiana, was a member of the committee,
Mr. Bryan, of South Carolina, was on it, and I
was on it from Kentucky. I forget the names of
all the members from the other States. There
was one from each slave State. We met at the
room of an honorable friend now in my eye [Col-
onel Marshall,] with such representatives from
these States, examining and comparing all the plat-
forms of the southern States. Then and there
we adopted a creed, a patriotic creed, that would
do for all portions of the Union. ^Without hardly
crossing a t, or dotting an i, it was taken up at
Baltimore, and indorsed by the North, and Gen-
eral Scott was put tipon it. Some men I be-
lieve spit on it, or kicked at it, or something of
the sort; but it was taken generally as containing-
the true religion, North lftd South. General
t was run on this platform. It was approved
cessarily implied are exprewly reserved to the States re
; spectively, and to the people.
" 2. That the State governments should be held secure in
their reserved rights, and the General Government sustained
in its constitutional powers, and the Union should be revered
and watched over as the palladium of our liberties.
"3. That, while struggling freedom everywhere enlists
the warmest sympathy of the Whig party, we still adhere
to the doctrines of the Father of his Country, as announced
in his Farewell Address, of keeping ourselves free from all
entangling alliances with foreign countries, and of never
quitting our own to stand upon foreign ground ; that our mis-
sion as a Republic is not to propagate our opinions, or impose
on other countries our form of government by artifice or
force, but to teach by example, and show by our success,
moderation, and justice, the blessings of self-government,
and the advantages of free institutions.
" 4. That where the people make and control the Govern-
ment they should obey its constitution, laws, and treaties,
as they would retain their self-respect, and the respect which
they claim and will enforce from foreign Powers.
" 5. That the Government should be conducted upon prin-
ciples of the strictest economy, and that revenue sufficient
for the expenses of its economical administration in time
of peace ought to be mainly derived from a duty on imports,
and not from direct taxes ; and in levying such duties sound
policy requires a just discrimination, whereby suitable en-
couragement may be afforded to American industry, equally
to all classes, and to all portions of the country.
" 6. That the Constitution vests in Congress the power
to open and repair harbors, and remove obstructions from
navigable rivers ; and it is expedient that Congress should
exercise that power whenever such improvements are ne-
: cessary for the common defense, or for the protection and
facility of commerce with foreign nations or among the
States—such improvements in every instance being national
and general in their Character.
"7. That the Federal and State governments are parts
of one system, alike necessary for the common prosperity,
peace, and security, and ought to be regarded alike with a
cordial, habitual, and immovable attachment. Respect for
the authority of each, and the acquiescence in just consti-
tutional measures of each, are duties required by the plainest
considerations of National, of State, and of individual
welfare.
" 8. That the series of acts of the Thirty-First Congress,
the act known as the fugitive slave law included, are
received and acquiesced in by the Wljig party of the United
States aa a settlement, in principle and substance, of the
dangerous and exciting questions which they embrace,
'and, so far as they are concerned, we will maintain thein,
and insist upon their enforcement until time and experience
shall demonstrate the necessity of further legislation to
guard against the evasion of the laws on the one hand, and
the abuse of their powers on the other, not impairing their
present efficiency; and we deprecate all further agitation
of the questions thus settled as dangerous to our peace, and
will discountenance all efforts to continue or renew such
agitation, whenever, wherever, or however the attempt
may be made; and we will maintain this system as essential
to the nationality of the Whig party, and the integrity of
the Union."
There you have no filibustering. There, equal
rights are accorded to all. There, we acted under
the example of the great Father of his Country,
whose policy in reference to struggling nations
was, that we should afford them whatever kind
Sympathy and good offices we could without actual
interference—no bravo, no blustering, no bullying.
I remember well the last time I was at Ashland,
before Mr. Clay came here to his last session of
Congress. I called to see him one evening with a
relative of mine, the wife of the late honorable
Richard Menefee. H  was unwell. He was talk-
ing of the possibility of his coming here, and the
probability of his living, his failing health allow-
ing him to come here, and the like. I at last
asked Mr. Clay what were his views and motives
for going?. It was at the time when Kossuth had
raised such a furor of foreignism and Kossuthism
(if you choose to call it so) over the whole country,
which seemed to be swallowing up everything.
He said his purpose in coming to Washington
was to stop it; and that if he could, the ambition
of his life, after having made his great efforts on
the compromise measures, would be to make his
crowning speech on that question. He seemed
evidently to desire to make a specch against for
eignism or Kossuthism. He seemed to regard
foreignism as the most portentous and perilous
evil threatening our institutions. Oh, howprofit-
able to the country, now and forever, and blazing
with beacon brightness for posterity, would such
a speech, capping the majestic column of his fame,
have shone ! He failed in health, and never was
able to do it; but when Kossuth came here and
called on him, with the game of the old lion, his
convictions still clinging to him, with the death-
rattle almost in his throat, he collared him, re-
buked him upon his course and conduct on that
question, ana Kossuth afterwards said that he
quailed before him, and was afraid of him. I
was not at the interview; these are the facts, as I
heard at the time. It was his course which tended
to suppress the wave of Kossuthism. This in-
road and influx of foreigners will control the
country, if continued; and while it misrules the
country, as none of them go to the South, it will
tend to hasten, still faster and stronger, that di-
vision and separation which we all deplore.
But, Mr. President, the old Whig party in the
State of Kentucky, stood with fidelity to Mr.
Fillmore when he was the Executive of the nation
before. Impartially, with dignity, with energy,
with efficiency, with faithfulness, he administered
the government. A better Administration has
never existed in our history. He was true to the
South and true to the North. Gratitude and
propriety require that he should be reelected to
fill the place which he occupied so well. You
have the guarantee of his former conduct. The
Whigs know his fidelity; they know that he is
unchanged in Whig devotion and fealty; it is seen
in those speeches of his, and in those platforms,
and in those principles of the American and the
old Whig party. They know that by electing
him they will bring into power a man of prudence,
| a man of temperance, a man of propriety. Know-
j ing this, I hope that every individual old Whig
in the State of Kentucky, if they do not organize
together and go in a body, will go up singly and
resist the inroads of this filibustering platform on
which Mr. Buchanan stands, and that black flag
—I will not say piratical flag—under which an-
other party sails, and that every old Whig of
Kentucky will himself be a Leonidas, and that he
will make a Thermopylae wherever he makes a
stand at every precinct.
I trust that the State of Kentucky, as it has been
heretofore the head of the Whig party, will stand
now, as I said before, like Caesar's tenth legion;
and whenever the time comes, you may rely on her
to rally and renew the conflict, and go on to vic-
tory. I hope the scattered legions and cohorts
of other States in serried ranks will link their
shields and press forward to the combat. Le; us
stand as the controlling element, as the great con-
servative party, who, if not by numerical strength
or force of numbers a majority, and consequently
the dominant party, are entitled, nevertheless, by
character, by intelligence, by position, to a high
place in the' country. I hope* Kentucky will so
stand; and I trust, if she does, she will exhibit it at
the Louisville Convention about the commence-
ment of this month; and when the South and.
Southwest see that she is moving in that direc-
tion, the whole Whig party there will profit by
her example.
When we are battling for the happiness—the
independence—perhaps the perpetuity of all the
Union, this conflict will be what the battle of
Waterloo was for the independence of continental
Europe. I trust that the whole Whig party in
that great region, south and southwest, will
come up, not like Grouchy, but like old Blucher
with his Prussian army, if not the first in com-
mand, at least in time to turn the fortunes of the
day, and to claim and exercise that control and
weight which they ought to have in the Union.
This would be my advice to them. My own
course will be in pursuance of the views I have
indicated. I shall follow no strange gods; I shall
fight under the old Whig banner. As I have
lived, so let me die. While we are a party, and
can stand as a party, no newnotions, no cowardly
j quailing because of temporary defeat or disaster,
can induce me to desert my colors. We have
seen even darker hotirs than we see now. True,
sir, we have not a Clay, or a man of that descrip-
