1454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
her case in striking contrast and opposition to
that of Kansas. The admission of Kansas is
pressed upon grounds which would find no sanc-
tion in tins bill as a precedent. I repeat the
question: Can more satisfactory evidence be
furnished us of an approximate fulfillment in
Oregon of the condition as to population which
it is proposed to require, than is furnished by the
voie to which I have referred?
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The hour
has arrived at which debate must close, under the
resolution of the House.
Mr. CADWALADER. I hope the gentleman
from Maryland will be allowed to occupy the
floor for two or three minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can only
proceed by unanimous consent.
Several Members objected.
The CHAIRMAN then stated the question to
be upon the amendment proposed by Mr'. Jones,
of Tennessee, to insert in the first section the
words:
When they shall havo a population equal to the ratio of
one Representative under the eensiw of 18.>0, to be ascer-
tained by a census taken under the authority of the temto-
nal government.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I propose to make
a remark or two upon that amendment. 1 did
not intend, Mr. Chairman, in offering that amend-
ment, to be understood as indicating that, in my
opinion, it would be unconstitutional to admit a
State with less than the representative ratio of
population; nor did 1 intend to be understood as
assuming the position that 1 would not, under
any circumstances, vote to admit a State with a
loss population. I am aware that the provision
of the Constitution is, that Congress may admit
new States without reference, so far as the letter
of the Constitution is concerned, to the popula-
tion. But, sir, I think thai there should be some
discretion, some rule; and I know of none better,
as a general rule, than that the Territory or com-
munity proposed to be admitted as a State shall
possess within its limits a population equal to the
ratio of one Representative upon this iloor, or
approximate to it. Yet, sir, there might he cir-
cumstances under which I would not adhere wiih
tenacity to that rule, but would vote to admit the
State, perhaps, without requiring of them the lull
population which this amendment contemplates.
IJut what are the peculiar enrumstances in the
present case? Is there any pressing; necessity to
hurry on and to urge the people in as a State >
They have not yet asked for it. At the late elec-
tion held m that Territory in 1855, if 1 mistake
not, the question was submitted to the people,
and the votet^ th« inseives determined, by a ma-
jority, that they did not d< miv to form a consti-
tution and to be admitted as a State. Where,
then, is I he necessity Jor this measure? The peo-
ple of the Terntoiy ate, 1 understand, getting
along well and prosperously. They have some
Indian wais, but the .Government have troops
there, and are giving them as good a government
as they can, under a territorial law.
I think that, as a general rule, it is time enough
to admit them when they come and ask for ad-
mission. Why, it is said th.it they have a hun-
dred or a hundred and twenty thousand people
in the Territory of Minnesota. Is there any
proposition heie to authome the people of Min-
nesota to form a constitution and lie admitied into
the Union as a State ; They have not asked for
it. The people of Oregon have not asked for
it. If then,1 was a passing necessity, and they
were knocking at the door of the Union for admis-
sion into the family of States, 1 might wane
this rule, and not require a striet conformity to it.
These are the r< a^ons which induced me to otFer
the amendment, and not that 1 intended by it to
indicate a constitutional objection to the admis-
sion of States with a less population.
Mr. V* RIGHT, of Mississippi, called for tell-
ers on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Moore and
Kei ly weie appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported— ayes 57, noes 8(J.
Sj tne amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ZOLL1COFFER. I move to amend by
striking out the fluid line in the first section, and
to insert in lieu thereof the following;
The LcaL-latut? of the Territory of Oregon aie hereby
authorized and empowered to cause an enumeration of the
inhabitants of said Territory to be taken ; and whenever it
shall appear, under such enumeration, that there are ninety-
tliree thousand four hundred and thirty --even inhabitants
in &aid Territory, the people of that Territory are hereby,
&c.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. That
amendment is the same in substance as that just
voted on and rejected.
The CHAIR. The Chair is of opinion that
this amendment is in order, inasmuch as it only
pertains to a part of the first amendment that has
been voted down by the committee.
Mr. GROW. The amendment which the com-
mittee voted down was, that Oregon should be
admitted when she contained the population re-
quired by the apportionment of 1850. This is
the same in all material points. If the Chair
thinks there is a difference, I will not make a
point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it dif-
ferent, and that it is in order.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I do not wish to be
understood as opposing the admiss: m of Oregon
into the Union. 1 should be gratified to see it
admitted whenever a statement of facts is pre-
sented entitling her to admission. But wc have
no such state of facts here. We have no state-
ment as to the population of the Territory of
Oregon. Now, I do believe that, as a matter of
precedent, as a matter of principle, in view of the
numerous instances which, it is to be hoped, will
follow, in the history of this great Government,
we should have some information on which to
found our conclusion. I merely desire that the
Legislature of the Territory may take an enumer-
ation of the inhabitants of the Terntoiy, and
shall present the fact to us, that we may have
cognizance of it, and that wc maybe assured that
the population is suilicient to entitle her to a Rep-
resentative upon this jloor. 1 shall be gratified to
vote for the admission of Oregon, but 1 shall not
be willing to vote for it until some statement of
facts is presented.
Mr. LANE. 1 would be sorry to have the
biil at all embarrassed in this way. The people
of Oregon Territory are a sensible people. If we
pass the bill authorizing; them to hold a constitu-
tional convention, they will determine their abil-
ity to support and sustain a State government,
if they are willing to assume the responsibility—
whether or not they have a population equal to
the ratio of repiesentation — why should they
not2 Let them determine that for thunselvc.s.
They will—if they desire to be admitted into the
Union — present their claim; they will present
their constitution; they will present two Senators
and a Representative; and I will say to my friend
now, that they will come here Union-loving men.
They will place themselves on the Constitution,
I and will make that their guide. They are a safe
! people in all matters; and especially so m that,
j Ihit, sir, I do not think it a compliment to the
people of Oregon to say that they shall be re-
stricted m their action in this matter. Let them
decide for themselves. Will they do a wrong?
Will they assume burdens which they are not
able to boar? Is it not better that they should
bear the burdens of their government, than that
it should be a tax upon the General Government?
Pass the bill; and they will decide directly whether
or not they will come m under it.
The question was taken on Mr. Zollicoffer's
amendment, and it was not agieed to.
Mr. CALWALADKR. 1 propose an amend- j
ment, fixing the summit of the Cascade Mount- :
ams as the eastern boundary of the State of
Oregon. \ propose this, in order that the Dele-
gate from Oregon, if he objects to the amendment,
may have an opportunity of stating such reasons
in opposition to it as he may be able to suggest,
I will vote for the bill, as it now stands, with
some reluctance. This reluctance would be re-
moved Aoni my mind if the amendment should
prevail.
I understand that the present population of Orc-
; gon is principally, almost wholly, to the west-
, ward of the Cascade Mountains. The country
| between the Pacific ocean and these mountains
1 is of an exu nsmnai area, sufficient for one State.
1 Two States may be formed hereafter of the por-
' tion of the territory lying between the Cascade
1 and the Rocky mountains. I have a strong ob-
jection to the formation of new States of such
! magnitude that their future influence will unduly
i preponderate in the scale of power in the Union.
j We now suffer from the too great influence of
New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Virginia, ia
! the Federal councils and elsewhere. As a Repre-
' sentative from one of these States, I have a right,
which I gladly exercise, of thus expressing my-
; self on the subject. 1 do not wish future States,
I of power mightier than even that of New York,
to be established by improvident legislation, as
is proposed by this bill—legislation of which the
ill consequences in this rcspect will be irreme-
diable. This objection would induce me to vote
against the bill without the amendment, if pe-
culiar considerations were not applicable to our
country on the Pacific ocean. If the amend-
| ment shall be rejected, I will, however, vote for
| the bill on these peculiar grounds. This remote
i part of our country should be cast as soon as pos-
I sible upon its own resources for support, and
i should be relieved, as far as possible, from such
control and. interference as can be exercised here.
Our interference and control of these distant
regions will, from day to day, become more and
more oppressive to their inhabitants if their pres-
ent dependent territorial condition shall continue.
The interference of the Government of the United
States, if indefinitely continued, would ultimately
be almost as oppressive there, as the control of a
foreign Government. Forthisevil, the simplest,
and, as 1 believe, only remedy, is to be found in
creating States in that quarter of the country at
the earliest day possible.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
where the gentleman from Pennsylvania desires
to have his amendment come in?
Mr. CADWALADER. At the poinfrwherein
the boundaries are properly indicated.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to amend the first sec-
tion, and do not want to have that section passed
until my amendment shall have been offered.
There is no section at all in this bill having ref-
erence to boundaries.
Mr. CADWALADER. Well, let my amend-
ment be offered to the first section.
Mr. SMITH. My amendment will come in
at the third line.
Mr. LANE. I am opposed to any division of
the Territory of Oregon by this bill. I want to
leave that an open question. Leave it to the
people of the Territory to determine for them-
selves. If they want a division, they will pro-
1 vide for that in the constitution.
If you admit Oregon now as a State, with the
boundaries prescribed in the bill, if it shall be
found necessary to divide the State hereafter it
may be done. For myself, I do not think itgood
policy to change, or in any way alter, the present
boundaries of the Territory, it would be much
better to leave it to the people of the Territory.
They can judge of the propriety of the division
better than we can.
It is true that the Territory is a large one. It
contains, I think, an area of about three times
that of the State of New York; but, divided by
the Cascade Mountains, the portion lying west
would make a small State. We want one great
State on the Pacific; and Oregon will make that
State.
And gentlemen need have no fear about the
population of that Territory. There need be no
amendment to the bill on that account. From the
increase of population which has heretofore taken
place, and which will soon again take place in
the Territory, as soon as the Indian depreda-
tions that are now going on are over, we shall,
in a few years, double the population of some of
the smaller States. Our present population, I
will undertake to say, is sixty to seventy thou-
sand, and increasing constantly; and as soon as
you open the roads, and the country again be-
comes quiet, the people will flock in. And our
population at present are as reliable people as
there are on the face of the earth. As [ said to
my friend from Virginia [Mr. Mjj,lso\t] yester-
day, when a man goes to Oregon, and lives ihcre
for a year or two, he will never live anywhere
else.
Again, when the donation law was passed a
few years .since, every man in Oregon had the
right, by settlement and occupation, to become
the owner of a tract of land. Under that act all
our people took claims, and they are all free-
holders, identified with the Territory; and the
population of that Territory is not, as my friend
from Virginia said, a floating population. It is
