718
appendix to the congressional globe.
[June 30,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Grow.
Ho. of Reps.
tion, to rally us now; but still there may be raised
up in the land somebody who will at least gather
together these elements of conservatism and
strength that ought to govern the Union -and will
govern it, witli more propriety and safety, I
believe, than any other party.
Mr. President, I promised not to detain the
Senate. 1 have said about as mueh as I desire to
say, in order to explain to my constituents my
own position. As to the bill of the Senator from
Georgia, I have this to say: I voted to extend the
Missouri compromise liiie to the Pacific; 1 voted
lor the measures of 1850 as a finality; and then
supported the Kansas-Nebraska bill, because 1
thought it was carrying out whal I had supported
before. I voted then for squatter sovereignty,
allowing foreigners a vote; and 1 made a vow that
I would never cast another vote in reference to
this subject. I shall do it, however, this time,
by way of experiment; and if that wili not do, I
never will, on questions of slavery or niggerism,
give another discourse. I hope to God that, if
we cannot settle it now by legislation, the quarrel
will be settled by a fight, or a peaceable division,
or in some other way; and let us be done with it.
Anarchy and civil war.we now have, and bitter
strife all the time. A separation like Lot and
Abraham's might be peaceable—it could not be
much worse than now. I thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent, and Senators, for your attention.
ADMISSION OP KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. G. A. GROW,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
June 30, 1856,
On closing Ihe debate on the bill reported from the Com-
initlee ou Territories tor the adinif.-ion of Kansas into the
Union as a State. ^
Mr. GROW said: The first test vote on the bill
under consideration will be on the motion to
commit it to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; after having disposed of the
pending instructions—one proposed by the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] in the
nature of a substitute; the other, an amendment
thereto, restoring the Missouri compromise,
offered by the gentleman from Indiana, [Air.
Donn.] Before speaking on the merits of this
Gill, 1 propose to say a word as to the effect of
this motion should it prevail. Every person who
has served in this Hall is aware, that at this stage
of the session, should this bill be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
it could never, in all probability, be reached. If
it is proposed to send it there for the purpose of
amendment, that object would not be secured;
for, in order to reach it, it would be necessary to
lay aside every bill on the Calendar preceding it,
one by one, by a majority of the committee. And
the same majority which could lay aside the bills
so as to reach this, could, when reached under
the ruling in the Nebraska case, strike out the
enacting clause and report the bill to the House
without a single amendment, or any opportunity
for one. If, then, the only object in referring is
to have it amended, gentlemen will see that that
object would not be accomplished by the refer-
ence.
As to the instructions proposed by the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] I have but
a word to say. His amendment, which is simi-
lar to a number of amendments that have been
introduced lately in the other wing of the Capitol,
professedly for the relief of Kansas, proposes the
appointment by this Administration of a certain
number of men, who are to go into Kansas, take
a census of voters, and provide for the election,
at some future day, of delegates to form a State
constitution. I have no faith in any measurd of
redress for the people of Kansas, which is to be
placed in the hands of this Administration to
execute. A bill organizing the Territories of
Nebr iska and Kansas was passed by Congress,
and it was the President's bounden duty to see it
carried out in good faith to the citizens who relied
on its protection. He signed that bill, was there-
fore a part of it, and it was his duty to see that
its letter and spirit were in no way violated; but
that the rights secured to citizens under it were
fully protected. He entirely failed to do so.
Having thus failed 
Mr. McMULLIN, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman yield me the floor for two minutes ?
Mr. GROW. For what purpose ?
Mr. McMULLIN. To explain the course of
the President.
Mr. GROW. Not now. If I have time to
finish the remarks which I propose to make,
before the expiration of my hour,! will yield the
floor with great pleasure to the gentleman from
Virginia. If he proposes to ask me a question
pertinent to the subject I am speaking on, I will
hear and answer it; otherwise I am unwilling to
yield at this time.
The President having failed to protect the citi-
zens of Kansas in the rights secured to them by
the organic act, I ask whether we should now
place in his hands any measure of proposed relief
or protection for that people ? When a public
officer betrays his trust in one case, will you
intrust the same charge to his keeping again.'
Do you expect any relief to the people of Kan-
sas from this Administration, or from the min-
ions whom it has sent to that Territory? To
expect it would be as great folly as to hope to pro-
tect your lamb from a second attack of the wolf
by putting two bells on its neck instead of one.
I am opposed to any measure of relief the execu-
tion of which is to be intrusted to men who have
trampled on every right most sacred to American
freemen, and who have given to the flames the
houses of peaceable citizens, and driven them
forth homeless into the wilderness.
It is proposed by this substitute that five men
be appointed by the Administration which has
permitted all these wrongs, to take a census of the
i population of Kansas; and that they may employ
such persons as they please to assist in taking it.
{ No person is to vote at the election for delegates
| to form a constitution unless his name is on that
: census list. They might employ, under this
power, Stringfellow, Jones,and Donaldson, to go
out and take the census of the people—making
such a list as would suit their purposes, and secure
the success of the border ruffians in their crusade
in behalf of slavery.
But, even if the list was a fair one, what secu-
rity have you that a fresh invasion would not be
effected, or that armed men would not go to the
polls, seize upon the ballot-boxes by force, and
drive away the legal voters of the Territory by
violence, as has been done in every election here-
tofore held in the Territory? The penalty fixed
in this substitute for illegal voting would not pre-
vent it, for itis simply a fine not to exceed a certain
sum of money. Should a slavery propagandist
be brought before Judge Lecompte charged with
illegal voting, who believes that, when the pen-
alty is not to exceed five hum red dollars, it will
exceed six cents? Who believes-that the penalty
would ever be fairly enforced under such an
administration of law as exists in Kansas? A
judge who orders the destruction of public build-
ings, printing presses, and private dwellings of
I respectable citizens, as nuisances, on the mere
i finding of a grand jury, is not to be trusted with
j the rights of American freemen.
i But, sir, there is some encouragement for the
| friends of freedom in Kansas in the propositions
j which have been submitted within a few days
1 in this Hall and in the Senate. It is, that the
| ground taken in the early part of the session with
j respect to Kansas is abandoned by the men who
! resisted the appointment of any committee to
investigate the transactions in that Territory,
alleging that no frauds or violence had been com-
mitted, and even if there had this House had no
power to control or redress them.
Propositions for settling^the troubles in Kan-
sas, and professedly to prevent the repetition of
the wrongs and injustice perpetrated upon her
people, are now made by those who strenuously
opposed the appointment of that committee, and
justified or apologized for the wrongs which their
report exposes; and the ground taken in the open-
ing of the session, that Kansas must have a pop-
ulation of ninety-three thousand four hundred and
twenty before she could be authorized to form a
State constitution, is abandoned on all sides.
That was really the only plausible objection that
could be made to her immediate admission, and
that yielded, what objection can there be save that
her constitution prohibits slavery?
The povver of Congress to admit new States is
conferred in section three, article four, of the Con-
stitution, in these words:
Union6"' States may be ailmitted by the Congress into this
The time, mgjde, and manner of admission is
therefore left entirely to the discretion of Congress
The proposition is now to admit her as a State
into the Union, after taking a census, without
regard to the number of inhabitants. Why delay
her admission, then, for the taking of a census
when it is proposed to admit her whatever her
population may be? I appeal to every gentleman
who proposes to admit the State of Kansas, after
the taking of a census, without regard to the
number of her inhabitants, why not admit her at
once, and put an end to all these troubles ?
Some gentlemen say, we ought to take no
action upon the subject until the investigating
committee which was sent into the Territory
have made their report. Now, that report, so far
as the question of the admission of Kansas into
the Union is concerned, it seems to me is wholly
immaterial, except as furnishing an additional
reason for her admission, in order to relieve the
people from great wrongs. But if it is considered
necessary, that commission has returned, and
any member who is not satisfied as to the con-
dition of things in Kansas can satisfy himself by
an appeal to the members of the commission.
The question now before us is, whether the
people of Kansas are to be relieved from their
oppressions and wrongs by its immediate admis-
sion as a State into this Union? So far as that
question is concerned, it makes no difference
whether the Kansas legislation was Talid or in-
valid. Even if valid, ana elected without fraud or
violence, the pretended laws they enacted, and
which were transmitted to this House by the
President of the United States, are a disgrace to
any civilized people. The only question is,
whether you will relieve' these people from that
despotism and wrong by admitting them now as
a State into the Union? There is no other way
in which you can effectually relieve them, and
prevent constant invasion of their rights by non-
residents.
But it is said that if the laws enacted by this
Legislature are wrong, they can be repealed—
that the ballot-box is the proper place to change
unjust laws. As a general proposition, that is
true. But this legislation was forced upon the
people of Kansas, through fraud and violence, by
an invasion of non-residents. Of the sixthousand
three hundred and thirty-one votes polled at that
election, but fourteen hundred and ten were legal
votes, as ascertained by the investigations of the
committee sent by this House to Kansas. After
enacting laws which even southern Senators,
rising above the prejudice of their section, have
declared on the floor of the Senate to be cruel,
oppressive, and palpably unjust to one section of the
Union, and an insult to honorable men, they pro-
vided against their repeal by disfranchising at the
polls—by unauthorized test oaths—all who are
opposed to them. They provided for their exe-
cution in the spirit in which they were enacted,
by taking from the people any voice in the elec-
tion of their officers.
There is not an officer in the Territory of Kan-
sas to-day, civil, military, or judicial, save the
thirteen members of the Council of the spurious
Legislature, (who hold overanother year,) in the
selection of which the people have had any voice.
The executive and judicial officers were sent by
the Federal Government, and the Legislature
appointed, or provided for the appointment, by
their own appointees, of the election boards,
sheriffs, constables, justices of the peace, and all
other officers in the Territory. And then, to
guard against the change of any of their " cruel
and unjust laws," they require, as a qualification
to vote and to hold office in said Territory, in
addition to other obnoxious qualifications, an oath
to support the fugitive slave law; and they post-
poned the next meeting of the Legislature till the
1st of January, 1857. But as the Council hold
over another year, no change can be made in
these laws by the people themselves, even if they
were not disfranchised at the polls, till after the
