728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
may be properly made in the deficiency bill; but
unless the work which is undertaken be one of
great magnitude, ando ne ofthe mostindispensable
necessity, it seems tome the appropriation should
not be made in this bill, but in the general bill.
There is a special reason why it should not
be made on this bill. I put aside the prejudices
which are entertained against deficiency bills gen-
erally, and I call the attention of the Senate to
the fact, that in this bill we include appropriations
for deficiencies in all the Departments of Govern-
ment. For this reason there is more danger of
its becoming an omnibus bill than any other which
can be presented; and the only way of preventing
that, if we cannot do it by a positive rule, is for
the Senate to establish some rule in their own
minds by which their votes will be regulated.
It seems to me that no amendment which is
offered ought to be made to this bill unless it is
an appropriation that conies within the rule which
I have described. If it be indispensable to carry
011 some of the neccssary branches of the public
service, such as the Navy or the Army, or the
Post Office, it ought to be inserted. If it be neces-
sary to add to an existing appropriation for a great
work, to which the country is committed bylaw,
or if it be nccessary to carry out the provisions
of some law for which money enough has not
been appropriated, it might be inserted. These
appropriations come within no such rule. They
maybe meritorious enough in the right place—
the general appropriation bill—but they ought not
to he inserted in this bill.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, The Senate ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesdayj March 25, 1850.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. Henry Clay
Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of the bill regu-
lating elections in the city of Washington.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to make a personal explanation.
POWER OF THE KANSAS COMMITTEE.
Mr. WALKER. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me a moment, to enable me to
offer a resolution for the purpose of reference
. only.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. WALKER then, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That 1 lie CoinuutK'e on the Judiciary bo in-
structed to inquire, and loportto tins IIou^o, whether the
Kansas investigating committer iiavc power to coerce the
attendance of witnesses and to punish for contempt.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of OI110. When this House
was organized, very unexpectedly to me, and
contrary to my personal desires, the Chair ap-
pointed me to the very distinguished position of
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
I accepted that trust, intending to devote myself
during this Congress faithfully to that service.
Yesterday a distinction of 110 ordinary character
was again conferred upon me by the Chair,
equally unexpected to me as the former one. I
find, sir, that it involves a very arduous and a
very important trust, entirely incompatible with
the duties which were first assigned to me, and
requiring a long absence from this House, where
I hope I may better serve my immediate constit-
uents and the country. I have therefore risen
this morning to ask the House to excuse me from
the service as head of the important commission
to proceed to Kansas to take testimony in refer-
ence to the unfortunate difficulties which have
existed there.
Asking this, I may be permitted to say, that
I feel sensibly that two very high honors have
been conferred upon me; and I beg leave to ex-
press my sense of gratitude for the last, because
there are peculiar circumstances surrounding me
at this time, which makes it gratifying to my own
personal feelings to have this high testimony of
the confidence of the Chair in reference to my
position upon the Kansas question, and in my
qualifications to discharge so delicate and im-
portant a trust.
The SPEAKER stated, that if there was no
objection, the gentleman would be considered as
excused.
No objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, with the consent
of the House, will nominate, to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the resignation of the gentleman
from Ohio, jMr. Sherman, of the same State.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. KELSEY, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced the fol-
lowing bill; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs:
A bill for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers, seamen, and marines of the United
States sloop of-war Albany, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. MAXWELL, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced the
following bill; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands:
A bill giving the right of way, and granting
alternate sections of certain public lands to the
States of Florida and Alabama, to aid in the con-
struction of a certain railroad therein specified.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report a bill from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, in reference to a matter
which ought to be acted upon immediately.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object to the intro-
duction of reports from committees. Let them
wait until they come in, in the regular order of
business.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce four bills, of which
previous notice has been given. I desire to have
them immediately referred to the appropriate
committees.
No objection being made, a bill of the follow-
ing title was received, and read a first and second
time:
A bill to authorize the President of the United
States to cause the southern boundary line of
Kansas Territory to be surveyed and marked.
Mr. DUNN. I object to its introduction.
Mr. PHELPS. The objection comes too late,
as the bill had been introduced by unanimous
consent, and had been read twice before the ob-
jection was made.
Mr. DUNN. I rose to object before the bill
was read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will receive the
objection if the gentleman says he rose to object
before the bill was read.
Mr. DUNN. I did.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no bill to introduce
or report to make; but I propose that half an hour
be appropriated this morning to the reception of
reports from committees, or the introduction of
bills for reference, upon the precise terms of the
order last made upon that subject. I propose, if
there be no objection, that that order be made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask what
effect that would have on the bill which was post-
poned till to-day?
The SPEAKER. It sets it aside for one half
hour only. This is only by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES. With the understanding that
this bill bo taken up by the same unanimous con-
sent after the expiration of the half hour, I shall
not interpose any objection.
The SPEAKER. If the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Alabama be adopted, the bill relating
to the District of Columbia will be taken up when
the half hour shall have expired. Will the gen-
tleman from Alabama state his proposition?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is that one half hour be
appropriated to the reception of bills and resolu-
tions, with the same restrictions as were attached
to the last similar appropriation of time. The
Clerk can refer to the resolution then adopted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the Clerk cannot readily turn to the resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. Well—no matter. I can
tell what the resolution was; I offered it.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to placing any re-
strictions on the action of the House, as to the
particular class of business to be taken up.
Mr. LE rCHER. The proposition was to ad-
mit bills and resolutions which did not give rise
to debate, the question being asked whether or
not there was any objection to their introduction.
If there were an objection, the bill or resolution
was not, of course, admitted.
Mr. GtUITMAN. I propose to modify that
proposition, by making it also call for the reports
of committees. I think these ought to have pre-
cedence. If I understand, the States arc to be
called for resolutions or bills. If the reports of
committees are to be first admitted, I will not
offer any objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. My proposition is, that
members who have bills or resolutions to report
from committees, may, under the same circum-
stances, make their report at the time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood
the gentleman's proposition. If there be no ob-
jection, the order will be made.
Mr. SEWARD. I made an objection; and that
objection is not withdrawn.
Mr. LETCHER. Then let us have the regular
order of business.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Piielps] has asked unanimous con-
sent to introduce and have referred a number of
bills.
The following bills, introduced by Mr. Phelps ,
in pursuance of previous notice, and by unani-
mous consent, wore read a first and second time,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill for the establishment of an overland ex-
press mail weekly between St. Louis, Missouri,
and San Francisco, California. Referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
A bill for the relief of Antoine Robedeau. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
A bill making a grant of land to the State of
Missouri to aid in the construction of the West-
ern Missouri railroad. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. PHELPS. In connection with that bill,
I ask leave to present a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Missouri, and ask that the memorial be
also referred to the same committee, and ordered
to be printed.
It was so ordered.
REPRESENTATIVES OF ROBERT KING.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to withdraw
the objection which I made to the introduction
of a bill by the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary, as I understand it is one which ho
offers under peculiar circumstances. I withdraw
my objection for the purpose of hearing what the
bill is.
There being no objection, a bill for the relief
of the representatives and sureties of Robert King,
deceased, was reported back from the Committee
on the Judiciary, with an amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask that the bill may be
considered by the House at this time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the district attorney of the United States for the
district of East Tennessee to dismiss a suit by
him instituted in favor of the United States on
the official bond of the late Robert King, former
pension agent at Knoxville, Tennessee, and re-
leases ancl discharges the claim of the United
States on said bond.
The committee report back the bill with the
following amendment, to be added to the end of
the bill:
Provided, however, That the accounting officer of the
Treasury shall first adjust the accounts of Ilobeit Kmi, as
pennon agent, allowing to the defendants,for him, two
centum on the moneys paid out by him for ail the time he
acted as &uch agent, and for which he was never allowed ;
and that the delVnd<ints .shall have first paid the balance,
if any, winch may be found due to the United States.
Mr. LETCHER. Let that bill go on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. SIMMONS. I can explain this bill in
one minute.
Mr. SNEED. I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to withdraw his ohjection to this bill; and,
with the permission of the gentleman who has
the floor, I will state the reasons why it should
pass.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 should like to accommo-
date my friend from Tennessee, but, as the bill
proposes to release securities from their bond to
