1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1455
not a mining population. It is an agricultural
population, and of such a description as will be-
come a permanent one. Gentlemen need not be
afraid of the population being too small. You may
put it at one hundred thousand; and 1 believe It
will come up to the mark before she will be ad-
nutted as a State, if this bill passes, for it cannot
be admitted before the next Congress. I think
you should give them the opportunity to show
their capacity for governing themselves.
Mr. CADWALADER. Is there notin Ore-
gon, to the eastward of the Cascade Mountains,
a valley of great agricultural productiveness,
equal in extent to the great valley of Virginia,
and capable of maintaining a pppulation equal to
the average of that of the present States of the
Union ?
Mr. LANE. It is very true that east of the
Cascade Mountains there is a large district of
country, embracing the Walla Walla and other
valleys, which for beauty, richness of soil, and
productiveness, can scarcely be equaled. It is a
fine grazing country, and well watered, and in
every respect is a most lovely country.
I say, again, that 1 tlunk we should provide
for only one State to be created out of that Ter-
ritory. We should leave the people of the Ter-
ritory, if a division is required, to make it as
they choose. I have very great confidence in
their judgment, integrity, and ability to manage
their own affairs. I therefore say to my friend
from Pennsylvania that I hope he will not insist
upon his amendment to divide the Territory at
ali, but will leave it for the people to determine
for themselves.
Mr. Cadwalader's amendment was disagreed
to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend
the first section by inserting in the third line, after
the word " Oregon," the words, '1 being citizens
of the United States;" so that the section as
amended would read:
That the people of the Territory of Oregon, being citizens of
the United States, be, and they are hereby, authorized to
form aconstitution and State government, tor the purpose of
being admitted into the Union on dn equal footing with the
original States m all respects whatever, by the name of the
State of Oregon.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
Alan from Virginia if the law of Congress organ-
izing the Territory of Oregon does not authorize
the people of that Territory to prescribe the quali-
fications of voters; and I ask him, if they have
not, in pursuance of that law, prescribed such
qualifications ? I presume that the same citizens
who elect a Delegate to this House are qualified
to elect men to form a State constitution.
Mr. SMITH. I would suggest that, before
the passage of this bill, we have the right to per-
fect it according to the sense of this House, with-
out reference to the legislation of the Territory,
and to say who shall be considered citizens for
the purpose of organizing a State government.
I do not undertake to discriminate between differ-
ent classes of citizens of the United States, but
give the power alike to all, whether native-born
or foreigners. But 1 propose to confine the ex-
ercise of this very important power of organizing
a new member of our Union to those who are
citizens of the United States. I submit it to the
good sense of the committee, whether we ought
to leave this important power in the hands of
any persons who may happen to be in the Ter-
ritory, whether citizens of the United States or
not?
I know nothing of the condition of the Terri-
tory in respect to the proportion of the inhab-
itants who are citizens, nor is it a matter of any
importance that I should know; but it is a matter
of importance that, in the formation of a State
constitution, it should be done by those who are
citizens of the United States.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. The organic law does
prescribe that none but citizens of the United
States shall vote.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. My friend from Ten-
nessee is mistaken. 1 have the law before me;
r.nd the terms of the qualification allows any
person to vote who shall have declared his inten-
tion to become a citizen of the United States. lie
need not have become a citizen. Of course, I am
in favor of the qualification proposed.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
I make the point, that the legislation proposed by
the gentleman from Virginia cannot be ingrafted
on this bill, for the reason that it is not germane
to the measure under consideration. In other
words, it proposes to fix the qualification of
voters different from that fixed by the organic
law of the Territory. It proposes, indirectly, to
repeal that organic law in a bill which contem-
plates the admission of Oregon into the Union as
a State.
Mr. LANE. And in addition to tljat, we do
not want anybody here to interfere with the rights
of voters of the Territory, as allowed by that
organic law of the Territory.
Mr. SMITH. The term of the section is, "the
people." What people ? It is either consistent
with the organic law, or it is inconsistent; and
though I have no doubt that " the people" must
be construed to mean citizens of the United
States, yet, to avoid all difficulty, and to make
the matter clear, I propose the insertion of a
specific term.
Mr. SEWARD. Do I understand the gentle-
man to assert that Congress has the power,under
the Constitution, to fix the qualifications of voters
in States and organized Territories?
Mr. SMITH. This Government has the right
to say who shall be citizens, and the States have
the right to say who shall be voters.
Mr. SEWARD. And the gentleman makes
the term " citizen" and the right to vote synony-
mous. The mere fact, that you declare that nolle
but citizens shall vote, fixes the qualifications of
voters.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to
the gentleman's amendment. I conceive that it
has no possible relation to this bill. The qualifi-
cations of those who are to form a State constitu-
tion are already fixed by the organic act. If it is
proposed to change those qualifications, then it
should not be left in such vague phraseology.
I have but a word further to say. The man
who goes into the wilderness to snatch it from
savages, and convert it into a home for civiliza-
tion—the man who thus incurs hardships, perils,
and privations, ought to be placed there like any
other citizen. Is he not to have a right to say
what kind of institutions he shall live under,
during the time he is converting the wilderness
into an abode for civilization? Is it just or right
to put such a restriction on men of the Territories?
Is it right, never mind how men may differ m
regard to the rights of persons in the States ? I
do notraise the question in reference to the States;
but here is a man who goes as the adopted and
the native citizen—for what purpose ? To subdue
the wilderness from wild beasts, and in doing so
to confront all the perils, hardships, and priva-
tions of a border life.
Mr. SMITH. I draw no such distinction be-
tween the citizens of the United States, whether
they are of foreign birth or otherwise.
Mr. GROW. I say, whatever may be the
case with respect to the States, that the man who
has gone to the Territories, and declared his in-
tention to become a citizen, ought not to be cut off
from the right of suffrage. He goes into the
wilderness three thousand miles from civiliza-
tion—for what? To build up an empire, and
to add to the greatness and glory of our common
country. And is it for Congress to come up and
say that the men who go there for that purpose
are not to be entitled to regulate their own gov-
ernment, and to say what kind of institutions
they are to live under? When a man comes into
a State from abroad, he enters into an organized
community with a government to which he must
conform. He is as a drop of water to the ocean,
and must yield obedience to its great surges.
When a man comes into aTerritory from abroad,
he is a member of the infant community. He is
one of those who must build up the new State.
He exposes himself to the dangers and hardships
of a border life. It would be gross injustice to
deprive such a man of a voice in regard to the
regulations by which he is to be controlled.
I have not a word to say on the tjuestion with
regard to the States. I will not bring that ques-
tion up; it belongs elsewhere. In justice to the
pioneer—to the man who builds up an empire in
the wilderness, and makes our country great and
glorious, 1 say we should allow him a voice and
vote in making the laws by which the people of
the Territory are to be controlled. This is all I
have to say.
Mr. WHITNEY. I introduce the following
amendment to the amendment. It is in the nature
of a substitute:
Provided, That, at the election to beholden for the choice
of dylegates to a convention for the purpose of framing a
constitution, every tree white male cmzen of the United
States, of the a< e of twenty one years, who lias been a res-
ident of said Teriitory one year, and of the precinct in
which he claims to vote thirty davs immediate!} preceding
the election -and none other—shall be deemed qualified to
vote for such delegate.
Mr. Chairman, I understand that all the several
qualifications, enumerated in this substitute, are
required by the existing laws of Oregon, except
that which relates to citizenship. I cannot vote
for a bill to admit any Territory into this Union,
the laws of which Territory permit aliens to exer-
cise the right of suffrage. I am opposed to it on
principle; I am opposed to it from policy; 1 am
opposed to it from every motive which should
actuate the American statesman in the perform-
ance of his public duties. I desire to give to the
people of every Territory, who are citizens of the
United States, the right to frame their local laws,
and adapt their constitution to their own wants.
Whatever that constitution may contain, so long
as its features are republican, 1 am not here to
object to the admission of the State' but if that
constitution be adopted by the votes of aliens, I
am here to oppose it—to oppose it on a principle
which I believe has been manifested in this House
by a majority of its members—a principle which
I hope will be sustained by that majority, not
only on this, but on every occasion.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I desire to say that,
in my opinion, the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia accomplishes all that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York can
effect, to wit: that the persons who are author-
ized to form a State constitution shall be citizens
of the United States. If it does not, then I should
be in favor of the amendment of the gentleman
from New York. Mr. Chairman, I hold that it
1 is an absurdity that any other people than citizens
j of the United States shall be authorized to form
I a State constitution. To whatever extent gen-
I tlenien may be inclined to go, in obedience to
[ their peculiar friendship for the foreign element
of the country, stili I invoke them to consider
well the step which they are now about to take,
by voting that a declaration of intention to become
a citizen shall authorize a man to vote in the
formation of a constitution for one of the States
of this Union. Such an instrument invests the
body politic with sovereign power, as a member
of this Confederation. The Hudson Bay Com-
pany have m the Territory of Oregon a number
of men subjects of the Q,ueen of Great Britain,
who may be inhabitants of that country, and
who may have made a pro forma declaration of
intention which they will never carry out. Is it
possible that the Congress of the United States
values so lightly the qualifications of those who
are to form a State constitution, as to authorize
men to enter into the formation of a State consti-
tution when there is no obligation upon them,
and perhaps no probability that they will ever
become citizens of the United States?
I remember well that, when we made a grant
of lands to actual settlers in Oregon, being citi-
zens of the United States, or having made their
declaration of intention to become such—it was
provided their patents would issue only after
they had completed their naturalization. I re-
member to have heard at that time of the diffi-
culties that occurred in Oregon by reason of
the claims of this IJudeon Bay Company and its
settlers. I present, however, sir, for the consid-
eration of the committee and of the country, the
broad proposition that, in the formation of a con-
stitution, none but a citizen of the United States
ought to vote. Why, sir, would you permit
Sandwich Islanders to come over and make a
declaration of intention, and then form aconstitu-
tion for a State of this Confederacy ? Would you
allow Asiatics to come across the Pacific, and,
upon a mere declaration of intention, proceed to
form a State constitution ? Gentlemen say it
must be republican in its form. Tiue, but is it
possible that, under your broad view of human
rights, you are ready here to-day to carry out
the views of the Republican side of this House
by authorizing negroes to make a State constitu-
tion? Are gsn'iemeii from the southern section
of this Union willing to givy such broad scope
