1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
729
the Government, I want some little time to look
at it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the "Whole
House, and be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
SUFFRAGE IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. MEACHAM. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of a bill defining the
rights of voters, and the duties of commission-
ers of elections, in the city of "Washington, and
for other purposes.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules of the House be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union, with a view to
take up some of the appropriation bills.
Mr. MEACHAM. There is a regular order
of business assigned for to-day, and assigned
through the gentleman himself, [Mr. Campbell:]
and it appears to be peculiarly hard to interpose
against the rule when we do not want over, per-
haps, fifteen minutes. I want to make no speech;
and I know that no member of the committee
wants to make a speech at this point of time.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio is in order.
REFERENCE OF A BILL.
Mr. DUNN. I hope the gentleman will in-
dulge me one moment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly.
Mr, DUNN. On looking at the bill proposed
to be introduced by the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Piielps] a few moments ago, and to
which I made objection, I find that it docs not
involve the difficuity which I apprehended it
might involve. I therefore withdraw the objec-
tion.
The SPEAKER. By the consent of the House,
the gentleman from Indiana withdraws his objec-
tion to the bill authorizing the President to fix
the southern boundary of Kansas, proposed by
the gentleman from Missouri, and which has
been read a first and second time.
The bill was referred to the Committee onTer-
ritories. ^ /
SUFFRAGE IN WASHINGTON AGAIN^
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw my motion,
with a view to enable the gentleman from Ver-
mont to have the bill presented by the Judiciary
Committee considered.
Mr. MEACHAM. I now call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first question is on the
consideration of the bill defining the rights of
voters, and the duties of commissioners of elec-
tions, in the city of Washington, and for other
purposes.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to know whether the
bill is now to be read through formally, or whether
it is being read by sections for amendment? I
desire at some stage to move an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The bill is now receiving its
first formal reading, and will afterwards be read
by sections for amendment.
Mr. MEACHAM. As I am under instructions
by the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and as I do not wish t$ take up the time of the
House unnecessarily, it is due that I should state
that, when the reading of the bill is concluded, I
shall immediately demand the previous question, i
I, however, do not see the necessity of reading i
the bill through twice. I ask that the first read- j
ing may be dispensed with. \
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman proposes \
to move the previous question, I hope it will not
be sustained.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I hope we shall not
have the previous question. I desire at some time,
in the course of the consideration of this bill, to
move to amend it,
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask that the bill
may be read through.
The bill was read in extenso; and the reading
by sections, for amendment, commenced.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to amend, in the
seventh line of the first section, by inserting after j
the word " shall,99 the words,44 have been for t
two years.'' The clause as amended would then
read:
That from and after the passage of this act, every free
white male resident of the city of Washington, (vagrants,
paupers, felons, and persons non compos mentis excepted,)
who shall have resided in the said city one year immedi-
ately preceding the day of election, and who shall have
been for two years a citizen of the United States, and
twenty-one years of age at the time he offers to vote, and
shall have paid the school-tax, and all taxes on personal
property due from him, shall be entitled to vote, &c.
Now, sir, the proposition I make is just this—
and [ want the House to understand it. It is to
deprive a man of the right to vote until he shall
have been naturalized, unless he shall be a native-
born citizen for two years. You are now in this
District, and particularly in this city, employing
a very large class of laboring men, who may be-
come at any moment, in the district court of this
city, naturalized citizens of the United States;
and they may be carried up to vote at the muni-
cipal elections of the city immediately after they
have been naturalized, and in this way may con-
trol the taxation of the property of the city. I
think it is fair that they shall not exercise the
right to vote here until they shall have been nat-
uralized at least for two years. The amendment
which I have proposed proposes simply that
these men shall be naturalized for two years be-
fore they shall be allowed to vote in this city at
the municipal elections.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This amendment
is very plain—very easily to be comprehended;
but, sir, it seeks to establish a principle which I
believe has not been recognized by the Constitution
of our country, nor am I aware that it has been
heretofore recognized in the legislation of Con-
gress. It is certainly not recognized in the State
from which I have the honor to come, and, so far
as I know, it has not been rocognized in any
State in the Union. It proposes, in direct terms,
to make a distinction between citizens of the
United States. It requires a citizen, who may
have been born in a foreign country, and natu-
ralized in the United States, to be here two years
from the date of his naturalization before he shall
be qualified to vote.
Sir, this is a mode of applying the principles
which the party to which the gentleman from
Kentucky belongs profess, in a way which I did
not suppose that even they would have advocated
here or elsewhere.
If the naturalization laws are wrong—if they
do not require a sufficient length of time as a pro-
bationary period preparatory to naturalization,
extend that time; but when you make them
citizens in name, make them at the same time
citizens in fact and in deed. When you impose
upon them all the burdens and liabilities of citi-
zens, give to them all the rights and privileges
of citizens.
For these reasons, sir, I shall vote against the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky.
But, while I am up, let me make one remark in
reference to that provision of the bill embraced
in the eighth, ninth, and tenth lines of this sec-
tion, <c and who shall have paid the school tax,
and all taxes on personal property due from
him." I am opposed to all property or moneyed
qualifications for the voter. I have no objection
to the citizens of this city having the right to
levy taxes for school purposes, but I do object
to any provision by which the payment of such
taxes shall be made a condition precedent upon
which the voter shall exercise the right of suf-
frage. Let the authorities here levy and collect
their taxes, but do not debar the voter from the
right to vote unless he shall present a certificate,
or receipt, that he has paid the taxes. I did
think that moneyed and property qualification
for suffrage in this land had had its day, and was
numbered with the things that were. But it
seems that I was somewhat mistaken; and of all
modes the one proposed by the bill is, in my mind,
the most objectionable—of requiring a moneyed
qualification. A dollar school tax is levied, and the
voter cannot cast his suffrage until he pays that
dollar. There may be some who will be indis-
posed to pay the dollar for the benefit of the
schools, and to relieve themselves from the pay-
ment of that tax will decline voting. There are
some, perhaps, on whom this right to vote is
conferred by existing laws of this corporation,
who will not pay the dollar themselves, and one
or other of the parties at the election will pay it
for them in order to get their votes. Then, sir,
if such be the fact, and there are those who will
not pay the dollar themselves, but will vote on
the payment of it by one or the other party in
the contest, it virtually becomes a means of brib-
ery and corruption, and the provision should be
expunged from the laws of this District.
It is due, however, from me, to state that this
provision in the bill is not a new one. It is now
one of the conditions on which the right of suf-
frage is exercised in this District. I had hoped
that I should have had an opportunity to have
voted for this bill without this taxation condition.
I hope, if the bill is to be amended, that that pro-
vision will be stricken out. I trust that the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky may
not be incorporated into the bill. Do not seek to
extend the time for naturalization and the right
of citizenship in a bill to provide for the election
of municipal officers. Let the adopted citizens
stand on the same broad platform which you
here, as the Representatives of American citizens,
look for citizens to stand on.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I desire to modify my
amendment by inserting one instead of two; so
that it will require a naturalization of one year
previous to the right to vote.
Mr. DUNN. I suppose the gentleman 's object
is to prevent this fraudulent system which occurs
in all the States of preparing voters on the eve
of the election. Very certainly something of the
sort ought to be done. Will he not accomplish
his object sufficiently by fixing the period at six
months?
Mr. MARSHALL. No, sir. I will explain.
You require now that the American citizen shall
reside here one year previous to being allowed
to vote. I think it is perfectly fair, that every
man shall reside here one year after becoming an
American citizen; and this is necessary to put the
naturalized citizen and the native-born citizen on
the same platform of equality.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Speaker, the modi-
fication of the gentleman from Kentucky of the
amendment which he has proposed, does not meet
the objection urged to it by the gentleman from
Tennessee. That objection, it occurs to me, was
very well taken. The gentleman from Kentucky
by his proposition proposes to draw an invidious
distinction between the adopted and the native-
born citizen. If it be the design of thatgentleman,
and those with whom he acts, to change the
existing naturalization Jaws, let them do it in a
general law, and make the issue fully and directly.
The emigrant must remain here, under existing
laws, five years before he can becomc naturalized.
The gentleman from Kentucky by his amend-
ment practically extends the naturalization laws
in this District to six years. Such is not the case
in any other State of the Union. I would ask
him whether it is just and proper that such an
invidious distinction should be drawn between
the adopted citizen who locates himself in Wash-
ington, and the one who locates himself in Mary-
land or Virginia? It seems to me that we ought
not to draw this unjust distinction. I shall vote
against the amendment; and I call for the yeas
and nays on it.
Mr. DAVIS,.of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I do
not wish to detain the House but for a very few
moments. I think that the principle which is
intended to be incorporated in this bill, if it be a
new one, as suggested by the honorable gentleman
from Tennessee,is one which, perhaps, had better
have been incorporated before; for I am not aware,
sir, that the novelty of a principle is any sort of
reason against the incorporation of it, provided
it be a good one. If it be said that it draws an
invidious distinction between native and adopted
citizens, then the word invidious is only an epithet
appended by the honorable gentleman to the pro-
visions of the bill, and merely amounts to calling
a name. If the amendment draws a distinction
between the native and foreign-born citizen, then
the question is, whether that distinction be right
or wrong? and I suppose on that question the
judgment of this House will not be aided by the
additional epithet of invidious.
Mr. SIMMONS. After the United States have
given to an alien a certificate that he shall have
all the rights and privileges of a native-born citi-
zen, can we afterwards pass a law to deprive him
of any of those rights and privileges?
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose, Mr. Speaker, that
