m
1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
the cession of a large territory to the same State, under
menace, as an inducement to the relinquishment of a
groundless claim; and by their invasion of the sovereignty
of the States and the liberties of the people, through the
enactment of an unjust, oppressive, and unconstitutional
fugitive slave law, are proved to be inconsistent with all the
principles and maxims of Democracy, and wholly inade-
quate to the settlement of the questions of which they are
claimed to be an adjustment.
" 20. That the free Democratic partyis not organized to
aid either the Whig or Democratic wing of the great &lave
compromise party of the nation, but to defeat tiiem both ;
and that, repudiating and renouncing both, as hopelessly
corrupt and unwortliy of confidence, the purpose of the
Free Democracy is, to take possession of the Federal Gov-
ernment, and administer it for the betier protection of the
right* and interests of the whole people.
** Thai we inscribe on our banner free soil, free speech,
fiee labor, and fiee men, and under it will fight on and light
ever, until a tuumphant victory shall reward our exeiuons."
This Abolition platform embraces distinctly the
five propositions contained in the Republican plat-
form of Maine. Upon these three platforms, in
November, 1852, the popular verdict was ren-
dered, by States, as follows:
Pierce.
Scott.
Hale.
Maine   
32,543
8.030
New Hampshire 
... 29.997
16,J47
6.695
Vermont  
... 13.044
23,173
8.0-21
JVTa^achnsetts ..  
... 46,830
# 56,062
29,998
.Rhode Island  
8,735
7,0:25
644
Connecticut ....
30.359
3,160
New York  
... 26>j,033
234,^82
25,329
New Jersey 
... 44.30.1
33,363
3>0
Peniifevlvaina 
.... 193.5W3
179,1-22
8.">24
Ohio   
.. . 169.2-20
• 152.528
31,632
Indiana 
  95,299
80.9U1
6.934
33,880
7.237
Illinois 
64,934
9,966
37.132
_
15.S53
1,606
California 
34,971
100
Uelawaie 
6.293
62
35.07 7
51
57.13-2
59
Noith Carolina 
.... 39.744
39,058
-
South Carolina 
Legislature
16.660
_
2.375
-
Alabama   
....
35.033
-
] 7,048
_
17,255
4.995
-
7,404
_
58.898
~
Kentucky 
57.0(38
-
29.984
-
1,640,26*2 1,422,954 149,311
The Democratic and Whi^ parties of 1852 were
national. Their platforms upon the slavery ques-
tion were substantially the same. An inspection
of the votes shows that many of the States wove
quite nearly divided between those two national
parties. And what was the result? Over three
millions of votes, against one hundred and forty-
nine thousand sectional votes.
In that contest, section was not arrayed against
section—we heard then no charges between the
two great parties of <fnorthern truckling," or
"southern arrogance.>f It was a square-out, stand-
up contest, m which the Democratic party pre-
vailed.
"Were those who acted with cither of the great
parties of that year, sincere and honest in their
support of their respective platforms? If not,
were they hypocritical, and barely yielded support
to the candidates, regardless of the platforms.^
It is admitted by many, thai Mr. Buchanan is
an experienced and worthy statesman, but that
the platform upon which he is placed is objection-
able, and therefore he cannot receive their sup-
port. How can any honest Democrats, or honest
Wlii^s, who sincerely supported their respective
candidates, and the platforms upon which they
stood m 1852, now support the Republican nom-
ination, upon the Abolition platform of 1852? My
pity is excited for the man who voted either for
Pierce or Scott, in 1852, and now supports the
Republican nominee, for the alleged reason that
the old parties have taken new ground upon the
slavery question. Is it not rather he that has gone
over to the Abolition camp, and accuses others of
inconsistencies of which he himself is guilty?
I know there were politicians, and journals
too, at the North, in 1855, who publicly pro-
claimed, while they supported General Scott on
personal grounds, they, at the same time, con-
temptuously spit upon the platform upon which
lie was placed, and who, after the result of the
election was known, proclaimed the Whig party
dead! and immediately set about forming a north-
ern sectional party, based upon the Abolition
platform of antagonism to slavery.
I have said, and shall now proceed fo prove,
that the Democratic party is a national one. It
is so, because the Democrats of Maine and Geor-
gia, the one a free and the other a slave State, at
the two extremes of the Union, hold to the same
rule of political action by the General Govern-
ment, and stand upon a common platform of prin-
ciples now, just as they did in 1848 and 1852. It
would seem that those Democrats and those
Whigs who have deserted from the old party or-
ganizations, and have marched over to the Aboli-
tion camp, and arc marshaled under the leader-
ship of Mr. Giddkgs, (just in proportion as they
have abolitionized themselves,) profess to think,
and, indeed, positively assert, that the Democratic,
party has become pro-slavery. There are many
of the so-called Republican party, who in 1852,
were ready and willing to abide by the compro-
mise measures of 1850 in principle and substance,
and were willing honestly to carry out the pro-
visions of the fugitive slave law, but who now
hold the law to Ije unconstitutional, and that
Congress has no power to enact any law upon
the subject. Such converts undoubtedly think
that their former political associates have become
a great pro-slavery party. They think the party
which tliey left has, in the cant language of new
Abolition converts, " sold itself out to the South"
—that slavery has set up new and unheard-of
pretensions—has become very arrogant in its de-
mands! !
It is undoubtedly true that the Abolition party
has strengthened itself greatly in the free States
within the past two years; but it by no means
establishes the fact that the Democratic party has
abandoned, in any particular, its old and time-
' honored doctrines, or become desirous of extend-
] ing slavery anywhere. As political history may
| always be read with instruction, I append ex-
] tracts from the Buffalo resolutions, adopted in
j 1848, which formed what was then called, and is
I now remembered as, the " Buffalo platform:"
i "Resolved, ThatitisthedutyofthcFederalGovernment
i to relieve itself trom all responsibility for the existence or
continuance of slavery, wherever the Government possesses
constitutional authority to legislate on that subject, and is
thus responsible lor its existence.
" Resolved, That the tiue, and, m the judgment of this
convention, the only safe means of prevenuna the extension
of slavery into territory now fiee, is to prohibit its existence
in all such territory by an act of Congress.
'• Resolved, That we accept the is^ue which the slave
power has forced upon us-, and to their demand for more
slave States and slave Territories, our cairn but final answer
is. no more slave States, and no more slave territory. Let
tfl'e soil of our extensive domain be ever kept free for the
nardy pioneers of our own land, and the oppressed and
banished of other lands seeking homes of comfort and
fields of enterprise in the New World.
"Resolved, That we demand freedom and established
institutions for our biethren in Oregon, now exposed to
haidsiup, penl, and massacre by the reckless hostility of
the slave power to the establishment of free government for
free Ten itories. and not only for them, but for our new
brethren m New Mexico and California."
The language of these resolutions clearly proves
the identity of that platform with the Pittsburg
platform of 1852, ana the present platform of the
Republican party of Maine. The same propo-
sitions are involved in each, to wit: the repeal
of all laws for the returning of fugitives from
labor; the admission of no more slave States;
the prohibition of slavery in the Territories of
the United States by congressional enactment;
and its abolition in the District of Columbia.
I would most respectfully suggest to the learn-
ed member from the Oxford district, that he
review that portion of his speech which I have
done him the honor to quote, and to compare it
with the Abolition platforms, which 1 have also
, copied for his instruction, of 1848, 1852, and the
j Maine Republican platform of 1855, which that
' o-entleinan had a prominent part in framing, and
then answer me, whether or not they are, in sub-
stance and principle—and in words, even—iden-
tical? Sir, he will find, what any school-boy
will perceive, that nothing is required to make
them as exact counterparts of each other as the
Siamese twins, but to add to those catchwords
so ingeniously interwoven in the Pittsburg piat-
formTof "free soil, free speech, free labor, and
free men," the euphonious and romantic word,
"Fremont!"
This new Republican party, made up by its
own invitation from the odds and ends of all
oilier parties, through its national and State con-
ventions, and by the mouths of its candidates,
uses the following language:
f{ We invite all citizens, without distinction of party, and
regardless of former differences of opinion, who are op-
posed to the repeal of the Missouri compromise, to the an-
archical and dangerous doctrines of the Cincinnati platform,
to the extension of slavery into the Territories of the Unii
ted States, in favor of freedom in Kansas, of the preserva-
tion of the Union, and of restoring the Government to the
principles and policy of Washington and Jefferson."
t Mark the language italicised! If this Repub-
lican party intend to carry out their principles,
as shown in the above resolutions, they will vio-
late the principles and policy of the administra-
tions of Washington and Jefferson; but if they
adhere to the principles and policy which gov-
erned the administrations of Washington and
Jefferson, they will violate their platform. They
may take either horn of the dilemma. They are
either inconsistent in their professions, or they
intend to be hypocritical in their practice, that is,
provided they can get the power. In the admin-
istrations of Washington and Jefferson we have
a standard—a test of high authority. "Who does
notentertain a profound respect for the measures
and precedents established by those administra-
tions ? What they did do is preserved upon the
imperishable records of the country. Letus com-
pare, for a moment, those records with these
modern Republican platforms. The Republicans
propose to abolish slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia; did Washington or Jefferson ever recom-
mend that measure ? Washington superintended
the layingout of the city. He approved and signed
the act making it the permanent seat of Govern-
ment; can any one learn from his administration
that he advised or recommended any such meas-
ure as these Republicans are ready to spill their
blood to force upon the country? It is not to be
found.
Again, how is it in regard to the fugitive slave
act, which the Republicans say, Congress hasno
power to pass — which they resist vi etarmis?
What was the policy of Washington in relation
to that measure? Washington, on the 17th of
February, 1793, himself, signed and approved the
first fugitive slave law enacted by Congress, the
third and fourth sections of which are m the fol-
lowing words:
<£ And be it also enacted., That when a person held to labor
in any of the United States, or in either of the Territories on
the northwest or south of the river Ohio, under the laws
thereof, shall escape into any of the said States or Terri-
tory, the person to whom such service or labor may be due,
his agent, or attorney, is hereby empowered to seize or
arrest such fugitive from labor, and to take him or her be-
fore any j ud<re of the circuit or district court of the United
States, residing or being within the State, or before any
magistrate of a county, city, or town corporate, wherein
such seizure or arrest shall be made, and upon proof to the
satisfaction of such jud<?c or magistrate, either by Oral testi-
mony or affidavit, taken before, and certified by, a magistrate
of any such State or Territory, that the person so seized
or arrested dotii, under the laws of the State or Territory
from which he or she tied, owe service or labor to the per-
son claiming him or her, it shall be the duty of such judge
or magistrate to give a certificate thereof to such claimant,
his agent, or attorney, wiuch shall be sufficient warrant for
removing the said fugitive fiom labor to the State or Ter-
ritory fiotn which he or she fled.
'• Sec. 4 Jlnd be it further enacted, That any person who
shall knowingly and willingly obstruct or hinder such
claimant, his agent, or attorney, in seizing or arresting such
fugitive from labor, or shdii rescuc such fugitive from sueh
claimant, hw agent, or attorney, when so arrested pursuant
to the authority lieicin given or declared, or shall harbor or
conceal such person after notice that he or she was a fugi-
tive from labor as aforesaid, shall, for either of the said
offenses, fotfeit and pay the sum of five hundred dollars;
which penalty may be recovered, by and for the benefit of
such claimant, by action of debt, in any court proper to try
the same ; saving, moreover, to the person claiming such
labor or service his light of action for, or on account of,
the said injuries, or either of them."
Again: how is it in regard to the next point of
the Republican platform in relation to the pro-
hibition of sla\ery in the Territories? Within
the period of time embraced by the administra-
tions of Washington and Jefferson, eight terri-
torial governments were formed, to wit: Ten-
nessee, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri—as
slave Territories—and Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and
Michigan, as free Territories; yet the Republican
platform demands that slavery must be prohibited
in all the territory of the United States.
And still upon another point—to wit: the admis-
sion of slave States into the Union—how stands
the Republican doctrine as compared with the
acts of those immortal statesmen? During the
administrations of Washington and Jefferson four
new States were admitted into the Union—two
free and two slave States—Kentucky anu x en-
