1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Grow.
Ho. of Reps.
1st of January, 1858; so that, from the time of
passing the territorial law by Congress, which
provided for annual sessions of the Legislature,
it will be almost four years before a change can
be effected in the Legislature, so as to repeal
these laws.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
the other day referred to legislation in his own
State which he believed to be unconstitutional
and oppressive; but the courts decided that it was
constitutional, and he submitted to the decision,
as was the duty of a good citizen. But if a pro-
vision had been appended to that law prohibiting
any man from voting for its repeal until he had
sworn to support it, would he have felt himself
bound to abide by it ?
Sir, the people of Kansas are in a different
position from that of any people in any State in
this Union, in. respect to any laws of which com-
plaint was ever made. For the first time in the
history of the Government is an oath required
of a voter to support particular laws as a qualifi-
cation to vote at any election. Well might the
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] declare it
an " injustice unexampled." A Legislature, that
denies the right of private judgment, that has
stripped the people of all voice in the selection of
their own rulers, that strikes down freedom of
speech and of the press, under the penalties of
not less than two years'imprisonment at hard
labor, and that tramples upon every right dear
to a freeman, has been imposed upon the people
of Kansas by fraud and violence—their houses
have been burned, and their property destroyed
under the sanction of this Administration arid its
appointees. There being no peaceable mode for j
the people of the Territory to change these " cruel I
and oppressive" laws for more than two years, 1
they resorted to the only peaceable mode of re-
dress under the circumstances. And that was !
to form, a State government, and ask admission
into the Union.
They proceeded, peaceably, as they had a right
to do, under the Constitution of their country, to
form a State government, and ask of Congpess to
admit them into the Union as a State. Their me-
morial is before you, and is to be answered by
your action on this bill. All the proceedings
preliminary to the formation of this constitution
have been as regular and orderly as the disturbed
condition of the Territory would allow; and in-
stead of being confined to any class or party, it
waa of a general character, and extended an invi-
tation to all citizens to participate. The first
public meeting for that purpose was held at Law-
rence, September 15, 1855; at which time the
following resolution was passed:
" Resolved, That we, the people of Kansas Territory, in
mass meeting assembled, irrespective of party distinctions,
influenced by common necessity, and greatly desirous of
promoting the common good, do hereby call upon and re-
quest all bona fide citizens of KansasTerri tory, of whatever
political views or predilections, to consult together in their
respective election di>tncts, and in mass convention or
otherwise elect three delegates for each representative to
which said election district is entitled in the House of Rep-
resentatives of the .Legislative Assembly, by proclamation
of Governor Reeder, ol date 19th of March, 1855; said del
egates to assemble in' convention at the town o( Topeka,
on the 19th day of September, 1855, then and there to con-
sider and determine upon all subjects of public interest,
and particularly upon that having reference to the speedy
formation of a State constitution, with an intention of an
immediate application to be admitted as a State into the
Union of the United States of America."
In accordance with this recommendation, del-
egates were elected in,the different election dis-
tricts, who met at Topeka, on the 19th of Sep-
tember, A. D. 1855, to take into consideration the
expediency of calling a convention to form a State
constitution. The address issued by this con-
vention was to the legal voters of Kansas, and
closed in these words:
"And whereas the debasing character of the slavery
whieh now involves us impels to action, and leaves us,
as the only legal and peaceful alternative, the immediate
establishment of a State government: and whereas the
organic act fails in pointing out the course to be adopted in
an emergency like ours: Therefore, you are requested to
meet at your several precincts in said "Territory hereinafter
mentioned, on the second Tuesday of October next, it being
the ninth day of said month, and then and there east your
ballots for members of n convention, to meet at Topeka on
the fourth Tuesday in October next, to form a constitution,
adopt a bill of rights for the people of Kansas, and take all
needful measures for organizing a State government pre-
l^rtory to the admiuienof Kantat into the Union a* a
After this address, which fixed the time and
places of election, provided for the appointment
of judges, and the qualification of voters, elections
were held in every district in the Territory, and
I delegates elected to meet at Topeka the 23(1 Oc-
j tober, 1855, to form a State constitution. They
, met at that time and place, formed a constitution,
and submitted it to a vote of the people for rati-
fication on the 15th of Decemoer following.
The 15th of January, 1856, a Governor, Legis-
lature, and State officers were elected; and the
Legislature met on the 4th of March, 1856, and
after receiving the Governor's message, appoint-
ing committees, and electing United States Sen-
ators, adjourned to the 4th of July.
All these proceedings were necessary before their
application to Congress for admission; for the
power given to Congress by the Constitution is
to admit States, not Territories. The new State
j must, therefore, have all the " agents indispensa-
j ble to its action as a Stole" before its application;
and such was the decision of the Attorney Gen-
eral, transmitted by General Jackson to the Gov-
ernor of Arkansas, September 21,1835. Referring
to the third section of the fourth article of the
Constitution, he says:
" This provision implies that the new Stale shall have
been constituted by the settlement of a constitution or frame
ot government, and by the appointment of those official
agents which are indispensable to its action as a State, and
especially to its action as a member of the Union, prior to
its admission into the Union. In accordance with this im-
plication, every State received into the Union since the
adoption of the Federal Constitution has been actually
organized prior to such admission."
Instead of the proceedings of the free-State
movement in Kansas being against law, it is
clearly in accordance with law and constitutional
right. The free-State men in this movement have
done nothing but what they had a right to do.
The people of any Territory have a right, under
the Constitution, to call a convention atany time,
with or without an act of Congress, or of the
Territorial Legislature, and to form a State gov-
ernment, and apply to Congress for admission into
the Union. The right of a people "to alter or
abolish " their form of government is an inherent
one, and is classed in the Declaration of Independ-
ence as indispensable to the inalienable rights of
man.
The mode and manner of accomplishing it in
organized States properly belongs to the forms of
law, to be prescribed by the State government;
but in the Territories, Congress is the only power
that can prescribe the forms; for a territorial
government emanating from Congress can be
changed, modified, or abrogated only by its con-
sent. That consent, however, can be expressed
as well after as before the action of the people.
If Congress, then, has prescribed no form, what-
ever action the people think proper to adopt, in
order to secure a change of government, provided
it be conducted in a peaceable manner, is lawful
and constitutional—lawful, because it violates no
valid law—constitutional, because article first of
the amendments to the Constitution secures to the
people everywhere under its jurisdiction the right,
paramount to aHlaw, peaceably to assemble, and to
petition the Government for a redress of grievances.
General Jackson, in replying to the Governor of
Arkansas in 1835, who solicited of him instructions
for his guidance in case the people of that Terri-
tory, without a law of the Legislature, proceeded
to elect delegates to a convention, and to organ-
ize and put in operation a State government,'
without the authority of Congress, says, through
his Attorney General, in the opinion just cited,
that— J '
" It is not in the power of the General Assembly of Ark-
ansas to pass any law for the purpose of electing members
to a convention to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, nor to do any other act, directly or indirectly, to create
such new government. Every such law, even though it
were approved by the Governor of the Territory, would be
null and void."
The Governor of Arkansas, in this same com-
munication to the President, expressed the opinion
that, under the Constitution and laws of the
United States, no measures can lawfully be taken
by the citizens of Arkansas to form a constitu-
tion and State government until Congress shall
first have granted them authority so to do; and
that he will, therefore, feel himself bound to con-
sider and treat all such proceedings as un-
lawful. That is precisely what the Administra-
tion and its abettors, under similar circumstances,
are now doing in reference to Kansas. And it
is to be regretted that the President did not send
to his Governor in Kansas the opinion sent by
General Jackson to his Governor in Arkansas, in
days when Democracy meant something besides
! propagating and nationalizing the institutions of
human bondage. In instructing his Governor
as to the rights of the people, he says:
"They undoubtedly possess the ordinary privileges and
immunities of citizens of the United States. Among these
is the right of the people ' peaceably to assemble, and to
petition the Government for the redress of grievances.' In
the exercise of this right, the inhabitants of Arkansas may
, peaceably meet together in primary assembly, orin convcn-
i tions chosen by such assemblies, for the purpose of peti-
; tioning Congress to abrogate the territorial government,
; and to admit them into the Union as an independent State.
| The particular form which they may give to their petition,
! cannot be material so long as they confine themselves to the
mere right of petitioning, and conduct all their proceedings
in a peaceable manner. And as the power of Congress
over the whole subject is plenary and unlimited, they may
accept any constitution, however framed, which in their
judgment meets the sense of the people to be affected by it.
If, therefore, the citizens of Arkansas think proper to ac-
company their petition by a written constitution, framed and
agreed on by their primary assemblies, or by a convention
of delegates chosen by such assemblies, I perceive no legal
objection to their power to do so; nor to any measures that
may be taken to collect the sense of the people in respect
! to it." H
j Does the constitution meet the sense of the people
to be effected by it ? The existence of slavery was
the only question upon which the people were
divided, and the vote for delegates tQ the conven-
tion settled that by a majority of legal voters.
AH the proceedings preliminary to the forma-
tion of a constitution in Kansas have been con-
ducted in a peaceable manner. The Legislature
that convened on the 4th of March passed a res-
olution that no act of theirs was to have the force
of law, and no officer elected under that constitu-
tion was authorized to act, until confirmed by
some subsequent action of the Legislature, and
thus they await the action of Congress. Gover-
nor Robinson, in his message to the Legislature,
speaking as the agent of the State thus organized,
shows its peaceable character and subordination
to the action of Congress, in the following extract:
" It is understood that the deputy marshal has private
instructions to arrest the members of the Legislature and
the State officers for treason as soon as this address is
received by you. In such an event, of course, no resistance
will be offered to the officer. Mori who are ready to defend
their own and their country's honor with their lives can
never object to a legal investigation into their action, nor
to suffer any punishment their conduct may merit. We
should be unworthy the constituency we represent, did we
shrink from martyrdom on the scaffold, or at the stake,
should duty require it. Should the blood of Collins and
Dow, of Barber and Brown, be insufficient to quench the
thirst of the President and his accomplices in the hollow
mockery of'squatter sovereignty' they are practicing upon
the people of Kansas then more victims must be furnished.
Let what will come, not a finger should be raised against
the Federal authority until there shall be no hope of relief
but in revolution."
The people of Kansas, relying on their consti-
tutional rights, and the official decisions of the
Government, and following the precedent of
Tennessee, Arkansas, Michigan, Florida, and
Iowa, all of which formed State constitutions
without any act of Congress authorizing the
same, present themselves, through the memorial
of their Legislature, and ask admission into the
Union. Why should not their prayer be granted ?
Mr. HAVEN. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, if he can inform
me what number of people voied for the ratifica-
tion of this Topeka constitution ? I have looked
in his report and in other papers to find it, but
have failed to do so.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker, that constitution
was submitted to the people on the 15th of De-
cember, about the time of the invasion from Mis-
souri which threatened the destruction of Law-
rence. Allow me one word, and then I will an-
swer the gentleman's question. By the examin-
ation of the committee sent to Kansas to invest-
igate the transactions in that Territory, it was
found that no civil process was issued against
any man of the free-State party in Lawrence be-
fore the invasion for its destruction last fall.
Mr. DUNN. Will the gentleman repeat that?
Mr. GROW. I state, on the auinority of the
committee sent to Kansas* 
Mr. CRAIGE, (interrupting.) I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The gentleman has no right to
speak about a report that has not h «>n submitted.
