im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24.
their feelings as to authorize the black man, who
never can become a citizen of the United States,
but who may be an inhabitant of Oregon, (and
who may have declared his intention,) to enter
into the formation of a State constitution ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
. Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
to an amendment now pending.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to
amend the substitute?
The CHAIRMAN. No, sir; it is an amend-
ment to an amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. As I understand it, this is
a substitute for- the original proposition, and I
take it that the substitute and the original propo-
sition are both amendable.
The CHAIRMAN. After all, a substitute is
nothing more nor less than an amendment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Whit-
net's amendment to the amendment, and it was
disagreed to—ayes 14, noes not counted.
The question recurred on Mr. Smith's amend-
ment.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend the amend-
ment of my colleague by substituting lor the
words proposed by him, the words, " being white
Male inhabitants above the age of twenty-one
years." Mr. Chairman, on the 2d of March,
1853, a bill establishing the Territory of Wash-
ington became the law of the land by the approval
of one of the candidates for the presidency of the
United States now before the country. That
candidate is Mr. Fillmore; and I desire to call
attention to the provisions of the law which met
liis approbation at that time, and which has re-
mained upon the statute-book to (he present time
without any attempt whatsoever on the part of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. H. Mar-
shall,] or any other member, to repeal the
provision it) regard to voters. The fifth section
of that act prescribes that every while male inhab-
itant above the age of twenty-one years, who should
liave been a resident of the Territory at the time
of ihe passage of the act, and should possess the
qualifications pit-scribed in tin- act, should be
entitled to vote at the first election, and should be
eligible to any office in the Territory; but the
qualifications of voters and of holding office at all
subsequent elections-were to be prescribed by the
Legislative Assembly. It also provides;
"That the tight of suffrage and of holding office shall be
exercised only by citizens of the United States above the
iige*ot' twentv-one years, ami ttuwn above that age who
shall have declared on oath their intention to become such,
and Klmtl liuvr taken an oath to support the Constitution of
tho United Slates, and the proviMou* of tins act."
Now, sir, in regard to this Territory of Oregon
and the Territory of Washington, the bill for
the organization of which last-named Territory
w s approved by Mr. Fillmore, if I mistake
not they gave to every citizen who went there a
homestead. If he had a wife they gave him six
hundred and forty acres of land; and if he were
a single man they gave him a homestead of three
hundred and twenty acres of land, in view of his
removal and settlement witlnn the limits of these
Territories. The same acts prescribed the quali-
fications of voters at the first election, which was
to be held under either one of these territorial
laws, for the election of members of the Legisla-
tive Assembly. Each of them contains the pro-
vision, that the Legislative Assembly, after its
organization, shall have the power and the right
to prescribe the qualification^ of voters, and, in
the exercise of that power, tttey have fixed their
qualifications.
Now, sir, these people are all citizens of these
Territories. You have admitted them into these
Territories, and have given them certain rights
and privileges. By way of inducement to them
to go there—not only the native and the natu-
ralized citizens, but those who have declared
their intentions to become citizens—you have
told these foreigners that they shall have each
six hundred and forty acres of land, although
they may not have been long enough in the
United States to be entitled to the rights of citi-
zenship under the naturalization laws of the
United Suites, if they will go into either of these
Territories, and settle upon and cultivate the
lands. You have said also to the citizen that if
lie goes there he shall receive, if he have a wife,
six hundred and forty acres of land, and if he
have no wife, a homestead of three hundred and
twenty acres of land.
Mr.H. MARSHALL. Thereare no such laws.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman will take
the trouble to look, he will find he. is mistaken.
Mr. MARSHALL. If the gentleman from
Virginia will permit me 
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly, sir.
Mr. MARSHALL. The law gives the right
in these cases to initiate the title to the homestead,
but the title does not become complete until the
naturalization is complete.
Mr. LETCHER. He gets the land by reason
of his going to the Territory; and if he remains
there until he is naturalized, and cultivates it, he
gets a title to the land. The title is only reserved
by the Government for a given time, and does not
affect the principle on which persons are invited
to go to the Territory and settle there, and aid in
building it up.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish the com-
mittee to understand that, when the Kansas-Ne-
braska act was passed, it was passed by the
Senate with what was called the Clayton amend-
ment, excluding all persons except citizens of
the United States from participating in the terri-
torial government. When that bill came here,
it was superseded by one prepared by the Ter-
ritorial Committee of this House, in which that
clause was dropped. It is well recollected by
many members now present, that it was a sub-
ject of very extensive regret, especially in the
South, that our territorial government should be
in the political hands of any but citizens of the
United States. I was one of those who stoutly
objected to the bill without that clause. I yielded,
however, to the necessity of taking the bill as a
whole—as it was; and I felt that I was acting in
justice to the country, and to myself, in so doing.
But I do not mean to allow that to be a precedent
to control me in other acts of legislation. Hence
it is that I have submitted niy amendment, to this
bill, the object of which is to confine the import-
ant functions of creating a State government to
those of the people of Oregon wiio are citizens
of the United States, and to give them to no
others.
Now, the gentleman who reported this bill
[Mr. Grow] speaks of the pioneer going there,
and overcoming dangers and obstacles, and thinks
that he ought to have political rights and priv-
ileges. 1 can recognize in them rights and priv-
ileges while they are in a territorial shape; but I
will not accord them to them while they are form-
ing a government for the people, by which they
are_to enter into the great family of republics
which constitute our Union. The amendment
of ray colleague [Mr. Letcher] is, as I conceive,
doing nothing in the world but restoring this
bill to the structure of the original act. It is a re-
assertment in fact in this bill of the provisions of
the organic, act creating the Territory of Oregon.
It takes no step forward, and a question of Older
might be raised upon it, but I do not propose to
do it. I understand that the proposition of the
gentleman is to give to the inhabitants of Oregon
—whether they lie citizens or not, provided they
have taken the incipient step in their declaration
on oath of their intention to become citizens—a
right to participate in the formation of their State
government The only difference between his
proposition and mine is this, that he proposes to
give the right to those who have made affidavits
of their intention to become citizens, while I pro-
pose to confine it to those who are actual citizens.
That is the whole question, and I submit it to the
judgment of the committee.
The question was taken on Mr. Letcher's
amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Smith's amend-
ment.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to the end of the section
this other provision:
Provided, That no person entitled to vote according to
tile territorial laws of Oreqon, as sanctioned by Congress,
shall be deprived of that right under the operation of this
bill.
I believe that the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Smith,] or any other gentleman on this
floor, will not for a moment contend that any
rights accorded to the citizens of Oregon by their
territorial laws as sanctioned by Congress, are to
be'taken from them. If the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Virginia will not go the
length of depriving them of these rights, then it
is perfectly useless. If it does propose to effect
that object, then I think it is wrong. So believ-
ing, I cannot think, for a moment, that this House
will sanction it. That Territory was regularly
organized. Its Legislature was authorized to
pass certain laws regulating the rights of voters.
Those laws were passed, and have been sanc-
tioned by Congress. Under them foreigners
have the right to vote. Now, will the Houso
undertake to deprive them of that right ?
Mr. SMITH. . Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question just here ? Can he not
recognize the distinction between privileges ac-
corded to them while merely participating in the
functions of a territorial government, and those
which they are to perform in forming a State
government ? There is a wide distinction, it
seems to me.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I cannot make a distinction
in the right to vote. If a man has the right to
vote for members of the Territorial Legislature,
or for a Delegate to represent them in this House,
I know of no reason why he should not vote in
framing the constitution which is to govern that
Territory. I see no reason why he should be
allowed to vote in one case, and be deprived of
the privilege in the other. I can draw no such
distinction. I hope tlie amendment of the gen-
tleman from Virginia will not be agreed to.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I take occasion, so
far as I am individually concerned, to express
my utter dissent from the position of the gentle-
man from Louisiana, [Mr. Sandidge,] as well as
from the views expressed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow.] The first insists that,
if a party has acquired a right, by virtue of a
congressional act, to vote in a Territory for mem-
bers of a territorial government, it follows that he
would alsn have the right to vote ill the forma-
tion of a State constitution. I say, non constat,
one proposition does not follow from the other.
It must, I think, be perfectly clear to the com-
monest apprehension, that there is a clear non
siquiticr to his conclusion from his premises.
Mr. GROW. Is the gentleman alluding to
any position which I have taken?
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania took another ground. He put the
privilege to vote upon the broad ground of natural
right—upon the right which resulted from the
emigrant going out of society into the wilderness
—upon his having labored to bring the forest to
a state of cultivation. His mistake lies in the
fact, that those he would favor are not the real
pioneers. American arms, American vigor, and
American muscle pioneered the way to your fron-
tier settlements; and you now propose to give
the political influence and privilege to men who
have come across the sea, and who have merely
followed your American pioneers.
1 am in favor of the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] because 1 want to
preserve the right of the American pioneer. I am
opposed to his being overslaughed by every ship-
load of Dutchmen who choose to come and transfer
themselves by railroad to Oregon, Kansas, or
Nebraska. It is because my action is preservative
of the rights of the people who have gone there,
from my section of the country, that I favor the
proposition of the gentleman from Virginia.
I do not believe it was ever contemplated in the
theory of this Government that States should be
erected which should have the right to control this
or the other wing of the Capitol by men who owe
no allegiance to the Constitution of the United
States, and who might, at the same time, be under
an oath of allegiance to the dueen of Great
Britain or the Elector of Saxony, and who might,
after five or ten years' experience, prefer to return
to their fatherland rather than to continue to live
under our institutions. I prefer that citizens of
the United States, and citizens only, should de-
termine upon questions affecting the admission
of a State into this Union. We have reserved
to Congress the right of establishing a territorial
government, and of abrogating territorial laws,
and of drawing our pen through the acts of the
Territorial Assembly, and if we have the right to
abrogate an act of territorial legislation, we cer-
tainly have the right to say who shall vote in the
