75lO
API^Dri fo THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 30,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Grow.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. GROW. I am not speaking of the report.
My authority for the statement is a member of
this House.
Mr. CRAIGE. The gentleman is speaking
about the report, and the report has not yet been
made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand the gentleman from Pennsylvania as citing
the report.
Mr. GROW. I make the statement on the
authority of one of the committee sent to Kansas
—and it is as proper as it would be to make a
statement derived from any other source—that
no civil or criminal process issued against any
man of the free-State party in Lawrence before
its investment in December by the Missouri in-
vaders, for the purpose of its destruction. This
constitution was submitted to the people during
that invasion, and while the Territory was almost
in r state of anarchy. The number of votes
polled 1 am unable to give the gentleman from
New York. But the number of votes polled for
delegates to the Topeka convention was some-
thing over two thousand eight hundred. The
legal voters by the censtis of 1855—the Spring
before—numbered two thousand nine hundred
and five. That is all the information which I can
give the gentleman on that point.
Mr. HAVEN. Will the gentleman allow me
one single remark here?
Mr. GROW. Certainly, sir.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Speaker, I am glad to
hear any information coming from the commit-
tee. The information which the gentleman gives
as to the number of the voters is contained in the
report; but 1 cannot find in the report whether
any, and if any, how many, voters had undertaken
to express their opinion on this Topeka conven-
tion; and I want the gentleman's liberty to make
this single remark, that I would go with him with
great pleasure in voting for the admission of this
Territory as a State, if it could be coupled with
the fact, that, on the registration of the voters,
as has been suggested by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] or by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Whitney,] you would
cause those admitted to be qualified voters to
say either whether they would ratify or would
reject the Topeka constitution. But without that,
and in the absence of any knowledge as to whether
one hundred or five hundred men have ratified,
or would ratify it, I, for one, cannot see how I
can vote for this bill, in the absence of the inform-
ation which I call for.
Mr. GROW. That is what the gentleman
stated the other day. I have given him the rea-
son why there is no information in the report of
the Committee on Territories on that point. But
the will of the people of the Territories on the
only point in dispute among them was expressed
probably as well as it could be at any election,
in the election of the delegates to form the con-
stitution.
The information the gentleman desires can, I
have no doubt, be furnished him by the Kansas
committee. But the gentleman will recollect that
in Leavenworth and some other places, the vote
was not allowed to be taken on the constitution,
and the voters were driven away or prevented ;
from voting by violence. And is it for men who t
did this to complain, or be allowed to take ad van t- I
age of their own wrong, and to set up the plea
that the Topeka constitution was not ratified by
the people, when by their own violence they
prevented a full vote from being given by the
people of the Territory ?
But the reason why the application should be
granted at this time is set forth in the report of
the Committee on Territories.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to ask the
gentleman if he does not know that but little over
seven hundred votes were cast in approval of the
constitution adopted by the Topeka convention?
Mr. GROW. I do not know the exact number,
but think it was much larger than that, (see table
appended.) We made no examination in refer-
ence to it from the fact which I have iust stated
to the gentleman from New York. When order
is trampled down and anarchy reigns over the
people, and armed men seize the ballot-box and
tell the voters that they shall not vote, and drive
them from the polls, are we to stand here and
say that the citizens of Kansas must go through |
another farce of that kind before we act upon
their application 5
Mr. WHITFIELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether there was not
member of Congress. Her application was met
with the same objection as is now urged against
Kansas—that her proceedings were not only with-
out law, but against law and good order; and that
class of objectors were opposed to receiving her
a civil process issued against Branson before the ; memorial, on the same grounds urged by a class
difficulties at Lawrence ? of Senators against the memorial of Kansas, for
Mr. GROW. According to my recollection, it would be recognizing the State of Michigan
the process was issued against him just as the : when there was no such State; and to recognize
invasion commenced. The events came near ' her as such would be sanctioning treason. "Con-
together, ' ' "
Mr
WHITFIELD. As I understand it, sir,
a difficulty occurred between Branson and Dow,
in which Dow was killed. A peace warrant was
taken out against him and placed in the hands
of the sheriff of the county of Douglas. The
sheriff executed that warrant, and, in going in
with his prisoner, some forty men—some wit-
; nesses say forty, and some fifteen and thirteen—
j met the sheriff near Lawrence and there rescued
. Mr. Branson.
j Mr. GROW. How near was that to Lawrence ?
j Mr. WHITFIELD. About five miles. Im-
j mediately a warrant was taken out for Mr. S. L.
| Wood, and others of the rescuing party. This
; all took place previously to the difficulties in
December last.
Mr. GROW. Then it seems that there was
but one arrest, (if we admit the Delegate's state-
ment, which I am not disposed to question,) and
that was not at Lawrence, or of one of her citizens.
However that may be, I pass it by, as it does not
in any way change the merits of the question
now before us.
It seems that a rescue of a prisoner from an
officer where slavery is any way involved, is high
treason. Rescues are effected in every State of
the Union, and in every city, from your officers,
day after day. We never heard of this construct-
ive treason in this country until after the passage
of the fugitive law in 1850, when a Federal court,
in subserviency to the slave power which rules
it, undertook to overturn the settled maxims of
personal liberty, and declared that, if a slave
resisted arrest by an officer, he was guilty of high
treason.
Mr. MILLSON. What judge laid down that
doctrine ?
Mr. GROW. Judge Kane, of Philadelphia,
charged the grand jury, in the Christiana case,
that it was treason to undertake the rescue of a
slave from his master or the officer.
Mr. MILLSON. Quite the reverse.
Mr. CADWALADER. I desire to correct ;j in his remarks on Saturday, appealed to the higher
that mistake as a matter of fkct. ' j law to sustain slavery. Without stopping to
The SPEAKER. The gentleman [Mr. Cad- . discuss Scripture authority on that point, for it
gress, however, admitted her on condition that
her people should assent to a change of boundary.
The legally constituted authorities called a con-
vention, fixed the time and place of holding the
election for delegates, and prescribed the qualifi-
cations of voters. This convention, so consti-
tuted, rejected the terms of admission. But the
people, by a spontaneous movement, without any
legislative act whatever, called another conven tion,
and accepted the condition of admission fixed by
Congress. Under these circumstances, Michigan
was admitted into the Union.
Kansas, with far greater reasons than ever
existed heretofore for a departure from the usual
forms of proceeding, asks at your hands the
same boon. In the case of Michigan, the times
were more fortunate than those of Kansas.
Andrew Jackson was then President; Benton,
Niles, W. R. King, and a host of other equally
illustrious leaders of the Democracy, were then in
the Senate Chamber, and espoused her cause.
No thieats or efforts were then made to subdue
liberty.
Kansas, having violated no law, lays her peti-
tion for a redress of grievances at your feet. For
doing this, some of her citizens are exiled from
their homes, and others pine in chains, charged
by the Government of their country with treason—
treason in peaceably forming a State constitution
under the right guarantied by the paramount law
of the land, in order to ask of Congress admis-
sion into the Union—treason for doing precisely
what the people of Arkansas and Michigan did
almost a quarterof a century ago, and which was
indorsed by Congress and the then President of
the Republic. But times have changed, and men
with them.
The Democracy in the days of Jackson stood
upon the principles of the fathers of the Republic
in reference to the Territories, and justified the
right of the people peaceably to assemble at all
times, and petition for a redress of grievances.
The gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
walader] is not in order.
Mr. GROW. I was finishing my_ statement, j
This is the new doctrine of constructive treason, j
A man who resists the marshal of the United j
States in defense of his own life and person, as |
every southern man on this floor would do if he j
was seized to be carried into bondage, is to be
indicted and tried for high treason. And this
doctrine of constructive treason is now to be
applied to the Territories and jmen who, in the
exercise of their constitutional right to petition
Congress for a redress of grievances, unless they ;
are willing to legalize the institution of slavery,
fcre imprisoned on a charge of treason. Thus,
belongs to the theologian as one of his contro-
verted questions, I wish here only to say, that
if slavery and its existence rest on the Old Tes-
tament for their support, then the same authority
will support white slavery as well as black, and
the amalgamation of master arid slave. In the
slavery of the patriarchs there was intermarriage
between the . master and slave—the sons and
daughters of the one with the sons and daughters
of the other. It is not questioned that the slav s
of that day were white. If that was the case,
then the gentleman's argument proves too much,
and there is a rule of the logicians that an argu-
ment is as faulty that proves too much, as one
under these new constructions, is liberty cloven ! that proves too little. If the Bible argument be
down. But this was a digression from my argu- 1 good, whites can be seized and carried into bond-
ment; and I now proceed with the point which I age, and masters and slaves may amalgamate,
had reached when interrupted by the gentleman j But I will pass by for the present the defense
from New York. of slavery, as authorized by the practice of the
Since the objection to the immediate admission patriarchs; for how far their example should be
of Kansas on account of insufficient population
is abandoned, there can be no other, unless a sec-
tional one, except the allegation of informality in .
her proceeding, in not having a previous act of !
Congress authorizing them. I have shown that !
such an act is not necessary on any principle of!
constitutional right. Five States have been ad- j
mitted without any such act. And, so far as the I
forma of law were concerned, Michigan came into |
the Union against them, having entirely sup- '
planted the Territorial Legislature before the
action of Congress.
Michigan applied for admission with a consti-
tution formed by her people without any previous
act of Congress. Unaer it she had elected a Gov-
ernor, Legislature, United Stktes Senators, and
followed, or can be, consistently with the new
dispensation that declares " that whatsoever ye
would that men should do to you, do ye even^o
to them," will come up properly on a bill now
pending in reference to another patriarchal insti-
tution existing in one of the Territories.
The gentleman seemed to think that the spirit
of Jefferson would feel indignant that he should
be quoted as authority by Republicans. Sir, if
the spirits of the departed hover over the scenes
of earth, and watch with solicitude its affairs,
with what anguish must that spirit contemplate
the wrongs in Kansas, who exclaimed when on
earth—
" With what execration should the statesman be loaded,
who, permitting one half the citizens thus t® trample on til#
