730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
the right to vote is not a consequence of being a
citizen of the United States. 1 suppose the right
to vote does not come under a law of Congress
anywhere, beyond this District. I think the right
to vote is expressly referred by the Constitution
to the various States; and the rule which controls
the right to vote for members of the House is
to be found not in the Constitution of the United
States, but in the qualifications of voters for mem-
bers of the lowest branch of the State Legislature.
If this be the first time that this principle has
been incorporated into the law of a State or Ter-
ritory, then I beg ISave to say that this and
sundry other things will be incorporated into the
laws of more than one State or Territory of the
Union, if the principles which I have the honor !
in part to represent on this floor shall ever control j
the administration of this Government, or that of ;
any State government; and, therefore, that it has
not hitherto been incorporated is merely stating
the grievances which we now bring to the notice
of the people of the United States, and upon which
we desire the opinion of this House.
What, then, is the policy of the precise provis-
ion proposed by my honorable friend from Ken-
tucky ? The right to vote rests, in this District,
upon the law of Congress. That right is con-
ferred upon citizens who bear certain relations
to the city of Washington, and to the Govern-
ment of the United States. It requires, first of all,
that the person shall be a resident. It requires,
in the next place, that he shall be a citizen of the
United States. It requires, in the third place,
that he shall have paid certain taxes. Why is it :
that he is required to have a residence in the city I
of Washington? It is in order that, having the
duties of a citizen thrown around him, he may
have becomc conversant with the local interests
of the city of Washington—that he may have
had lus feelings so wrapped up with the citizens
that, when he comes to vote, he may cast his vote
wisely, and upon public grounds. When a citi-
zen of the United States comes into the District
from the State of Maryland, Virginia, Ohio, or
any other State, he brings with him his ordinary
rights of an American citizen; and, coming here
with those qualities, he is yet required to have a
residence in this city for a certain length of time
before he can vote.
Now, the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Kentucky is nothing more or less than to pre-
vent a distinction—and, if the gentleman chooses,
an invidious distinction—against native citizens,
and in favor of foreign-born citizens; for while
the bill requires that one who is a citizen, and
having the responsibility of a citizen upon him,
to reside here for a certain length of time, it con-
fers upon a foreigner the right to vote instantly,
without previously having resided here a year as
a citizen; and therefore, without having been sub-
jected to the duty of investigating and reflecting
upon, and having occasion to know his duties as
a citizcn of the United States; and without inter-
posing—as m the case of every native citizen—any
period to elapse between the time of becoming a
citizen, and the time when he acquires a right to
vote. For the law confers on every native, citizen-
ship of the Republic at the instant of birth; and
yet the same law postpones the right to vote for
twenty-one years.
The naturalization laws now confer citizenship
on a foreigner by the formality of naturalization;
this amendment, following the analogy of the
law of the land, interposes a period between the
acquisition of citizenship and the acquisition of
the right to vote. This is no more in derogation
of the rights of citizenship conferred by natural-
ization than is the postponing the right of the i
native to vote for twenty-one years m deroga- j
tion of his birth-right citizenship. The same j
power, for similar reasons, interposes both pc- j
riods of delay. One purpose of the amendment, !
therefore, is to require that a party shall have
resided here as a citizen, under the obligations of j
a citizen, for the same length of time that a na- I
tive citizen must have so resided, before he shall |
acquire the privilege of suffrage, in order that j
having had his attention directed to the local and 1
municipal concerns of the city, under theinfJu-j
cncc of those obligations of citizenship he may, 1
when called upon to vote, vote wisely upon the
rights and interests of citizens around him. ;
Another great reason for the amendment is in- j
dicated in my last remark. Gentlemen residing !
in different portions of the country do not see
the practical operation of allowing foreigners to
vote without these qualifications, as we do who
reside in large cities. Sir, in those places, the day
before the election, the court-house is crowded
with files of foreigners to take out their papers,
and the next day they go to the polls to turn the
balance against men, native and foreign, who
have been here five, ten, or twenty years. Men
do this who know nothing of the language of the
country, nothing of the interest of the country;
men who have never had their attention turned
towards any one of the great duties of American
citizenship; men who have so little interest in
becoming citizens that they do not, in nine cases
out often, pay the fees for their own naturaliza-
tion papers; men who, in nine cases out of ten,
do not seek the court-house of their own accord,
to get their naturalization papers; men who arc
raked up m our cities, and marched and dragged
along before the tribunals of the United States by
men who stand by them to pay the fees of natu-
ralization out of their own pockets; men whose
papers are not even confided to their own keep-
ing, but arc kept by politicians in their own pos-
session until they are marched up in files to the
polls upon the day of election.
Mr. GtUITMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly; with pleasure.
Mr. QUITMAN. Does not the gentleman
know full well, that every foreign-born individ-
ual, who is naturalized in the country, has to go
through a probation of five years ? Docs not he
know that he has to make his declaration of in-
tention to become a citizen three years before he
tnkes out his papers? And I ask whether the
application of his principle would not be equally
good as to the young man, who is undergoing
the same probation, when he arrives at twenty-
one years of age? Is not five years long enough
for a foreign-born person to learn how to vote,
when he has property and has paid his taxes?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will answer the gentleman with
pleasure. It is the policy of every State of this
Union, as far as I know, to require every citizen
of the United States coming from another State, to
reside in that State one or two years before he is
entitled to vote, in order that having the right of
citizenship, and witnessing the exercise of the
duties of citizenship around him, he may know
how to exercise that right. That is an answer
to one branch of the gentleman's question.
My answer to the second question is, that the
principle of this amendment does not require that
Americans by birth should be required to reside
a year after attaining twenty-one. They are born
to the birthright of citizenship, yet their right to
vote is postponed till twenty-one, though they have
been all the time citizens of the Republic. Their
residence during; minority is still a residence
during citizenship, under all the obligations and
inspired with all the feelings of citizenship, and
only awaiting the time when the law supposes
tins discipline and probation have fitred the native
citizen for the exercise of the privilege of .suffrage.
Whether five years' residence of an unnatural-
ized foreigner be or be not equivalent to twenty-
one years of probation and education under
American institutions, I leave it to any gentleman
to determine who knows how difficult it is to learn
habits, and how exceedingly difficult to unlearn
habits; who knows how completely our republican
institutions operate upon the education of young
men living under them; who knows how alien to
men of foreign birth, education, and habits, is the
spirit of independence, and the spirit of political
intelligence and manly self-roliancc and moder-
ation, which grows with the growth of our young
men, advancing from childhood to manhood dur-
ing his twenty-one years of probation in the midst
of our republican institutions. We find that men
who have grown up under despotic governments
have learned to obey authority from fear, and
therefore they look upon authority, not as a
power of which they are a part, but as their nat-
ural enemy—to be resisted. I ask the gentleman
to consider the difference in the grade of political
and civil intelligence between the foreigner and
our young men of twenty-one years of age. A
boy of fifteen, of American birth, carries more of
inherent and living republicanism in his breast
than any man born in a foreign country can—
than any man not a citizen of the United States,
never called upon to exercise any of our political
privileges; never called upon to vote at town-
meetings ; not called upon to be judges of elections;
not called upon to judge of the qualifications of
candidates; and not called upon to do any one of
the great acts of a republican Government which,
more than reading and writing, are the education
of American citizens. This is my answer to
another branch of the gentleman's question.
And now to return to the point which I was
arguing when the gentleman interrupted me. I
was speaking of the practical operation of the
naturalization laws as they now exist, and of their
abuses. I desire to apply a remedy to those evils
in this mode, in which alone it can be applied by
Congress to this District. The naturalization
law now requires that the parties shall have ac-
quired such a knowledge, and be so imbued with
the spirit of the institutions of the United States
as well enable him,and lead him to exercise freely
and wisely the privilege of suffrage. All the pro-
visions of the existing law contemplate that re-
sult—a result good in itself—and which, attained,
removes many of the evils of our free laws of im-
migration—but which the eagerness of political
partisans has entirely defeated. In point of fact,
we know that men arc not left to seek their nat-
uralization papers at the bidding of their own in-
stincts, at the instance of their own republican
feelings, from their own desire to exercise the
powers of citizenship; but they are raked and
scraped together, and brought in masses to be
naturalized by men who have a personal and par-
tisan desire to turn the balance of the election by
votes made for the occasion.
Sir, not long since the United States court at
Baltimore sat on election day, for the purpose of
j completing the naturalization of foreign men,
while every other court in the State had sus-
pended its session, in deference to the great act of
solemn sovereignty then being performed. That
one court, however, continued to hold its session
and to make voters—made after the sun had risen
and to vote before it should go down. Were these
men thereby rendered fit arbiters of an American
election? Is it not a fraud upon the naturaliza-
tion laws? Is it not a repeal, if not in words at
least in spirit, of the purpose intended to be ac-
complished by all the delays now interposed, by
aJjAlio instructions which they presuppose? Docs
itTiotleave open the possibility of having brought
to the polls a class of men without any one of the
feelings which the United States laws contemplate
as belonging to citizens of the United States ?
And am I to be told that it is not right to remove
these great temptations, to interpose a year's de-
lay, to induce men who arc desirous of becoming
citizens to become citizens in proper time, to
remove from men who weakly yield to tempta-
tion the great temptations to make citizens on the
e.ve of election? "if they cannot vote for a year
afterwards, men will not run the risk of making
citizens who may forget the object of becoming
citizens. They will wait for them to seek their
naturalization papers spontaneously, because they
can have no lien upon them until the day of elec-
tion. They cannot tell the variations of parties or
variation of the interests, the confusion of politics
and of candidates, and the new purposes and
combinations which may come up between the
time of naturalization and the day of election;
so that, by this single change, without drawing
invidious distinctions, or doing any great evil to
any under our elective system, we avoid all these
frauds on the law by removing the temptation.
It does no wrong to anybody. It requires of the
foreign-born citizen a residence for the same
length of time as a citizen of the United States is
required to reside as a citizen of the place where
he claims to vote. It palsies the hands of the
party election agents of cither of the parties, by
requiring the naturalized citizen to reside for a
year after his naturalization before he is entitled
to vote. Therefore I shall vote, and vote most
cheerfully, for the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky.
Mr. MEACHAM. I wish merely to state that
the bill which is now before the House was drawn
with a great deal of care, has been submitted to
the leading men of all parties in the District of
Columbia, and has met with their unanimous
approval. We arc legislating for the District of
Columbia, and not for Baltimore. Neither are
we legislating for Kentucky. And I wonder that
