1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
a week; time and again has the Army bill been
voted upon and lost. The majority of the House
adhere to the proviso attached to it. The Senate
strike it off. The Constitution divides the powers
of the Government into three separate branches,
the legislative, judicial,andexecutive. This legis-
lative proviso usurps both judicial and executive
powers. Congress may determine whether the
Ataiy shall be greater or less, or none at all; but
when created, the Constitution confers the power
of commanding and locating it.upon the Execu-
utive. Congress may declare war, and provide
and maintain an army. Could Congress attach
to a supply bill the direction of its movements,
or say what officer shall command the Army?
That is a power which belongs exclusively to
the Executive. And so with the judiciary,
another distinct branch of the Government.
To the civil bill, which contains the appropria-
tions for the salaries of the judges, could the
House tack a proviso, that no salary should be
paid to a judge unless he decided that some par-
ticular act on the statute-book was null and void ?
If the power of the House, as a coordinate branch
of the law-making body, extends to the length of
this proviso, it may control-the action of the whole
Government. The nature of the object to be ac-
complished has no influence in determining the
question of authority. The object sought to be
obtained may be right or wrong 111 itself. That is
immaterial. These laws in Kansas may be ever
so odious and tyrannical, yet the House have no
more power to "taek" a proviso to the Army
bill, that the President shall not use the Army to
enforce them through the judicial tribunals, than
if they were ever so wise and just. It is solely a
question of constitutional power. Who, then, is
responsible for the defeat of the Army bill? Is it
the party which has confined itself within its
constitutional prerogative? or that party which
has usurped the power and prerogative which the
Constitution vested in the Chief Magistrate?
There cannot be a doubt ill the mind of an im-
partial reader of that sacred instrument, as to
where the responsibility rests. It is the first time
in the history of our Government that this inva-
sion of the authority of the Executive has been
attempted; anditis devoutly hoped that it maybe
the last. The country will judge between them.
ARJIY APPROPRIATION BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. A. OLIVER,
OF .NEW YORK,
Isr the HouseRepresentatives,
August 30, 3856,
On the bill making appropnations for the support of the
Arm)- for the year ending June 30, 185?, which was re-
poited ftom the Committee of Ways and Means, with the
following proviso:
" That no part of the mihtaiy forre of the T'mterl Stat"?,
for the supp'rit of which appropriations are made bv tin- act,
shall he emplnvcd m aid of the enforcement ot any enact-
ment heretofore paved l y the bodies claiming to be the
Tomtom) Legislature of Kansas."
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, said:
Mr. Speakiik: Before debate shall be terminated
by the operation of the previous question , I desire
to say a few words on the subject which now
engages the attention of the House J shall not
enter upon the history of this controversy, for it
is too fresh m the mind of every member. I shall
confine myself to the question which presents
itself in the proviso, as it is reported in this bill
by the distinguished chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means. On that proviso the House
lias repeatedly " insisted / 'and its persistence in it
has been manifested by deliberately "adhering"
—the last parliamentary act of dissension between
the two Houses. This determination, on the part
of the House, is fatal to the bill; and in reviewing
the course which we have pursued, as Represent-
atives of the people, faithful to the trust confided
to us, it is essential that the rectitude of our inten-
tions be unimpeachable, and that the principle
which we have maintained is right. We know
that the defeat of the Army bill, by the refusal
of the House to abandon the proviso, has, both'
here and in the debates elsewhere, been called
revolutionary. It has been urged that we have
pursued a course which is subversive of the inde-
pendence of the coordinate, branch of the legisla-
tive department; and that, in spirit, if not in the
plain letter, our action has been violative of the
Constitution.
If weare thus justly chargeable, we haveafear-
ful responsibility to endure; but if w£ have simply
maintained a constitutional right in defense of lib-
erty, the accusation will pass us by as the idle
wind which we regard not.
X admit, Mr. Speaker, that the Senate is a
coordinate branch of the National Legislature.
The two Houses have equal power and equal
right to exercise an independent judgment in the
enactment of laws, and each may persist, to the
defeat of a measure, within its constitutional privi-
lege. The House, while the Senate represents
the sovereignty of the States, represents the peo-
ple, who secure themselves against the abuse of
Executive power, by retaining the purse strings
m the grasp of their representatives, jealously
monopolizing the origination of all money bills;
| and they have the undoubted right to refuse sup-
j plies. The reader of history need not be told why
j our institutions were thus formed.
| What, then, is the point of difference between
| the two Houses? Is this an occasion which im-
j peratively calls upon the representatives of the
; people to exercise an extreme power? Have we,
: in the facts of the case, a complete answer to the
j charge of revolution? The power of the House,
i though clear, should not be inconsiderately exer-
; cised; but when its exercise is absolutely de-
manded, the conclusion is forced upon us that
though the name and majesty of a King be spurned
from us, amidst changed names and in changing
! circumstances, tyranny is still opposed to freedom,
1 and it is still requisite that liberty be guarded
S against stealthy aggression.
j A brief historical narrative may be necessary
1 to the elucidation of the pending question. By
I the act organizing the Territory of Kansas, the
i; people were to be left perfectly free to govern
j; themselves, and to form and fashion their do-
) mestic institutions; and the earnest attention of
! the whole Union was soon directed to that Ter-
| ritory. Emigration thither becamc general and
| unprecedented. The hardy sons of the North
i and the South, the East and the West, rushed
! into Kansas for settlement. The wonderful rapid-
! ity with which the States of the great Mississippi
valley have advanced from infant frontier settle-
ments to their present gigantic proportions and
importance in the Union, foretold the destiny of
r Kansas. All were anxious to take their chance
i for the wealth and honors that must necessarily
' follow the early and rapid settlement of that new
Territory. The public highways leading to
j Kansas,'in every direction, were thronged with
| eager emigrants. But as m Eden the evil spirit
i could only, in destroying, find ease to his relent-
j less thoughts, so, as the day fixed by law for the
I organization of the Territory drew near, citizens
1 of the neighboring'State of Missouri organized
. for the purpose of controlling the legislation of
' Kansas, and assimilating it to their own. Mis-
! souri is a slave State, and she determined that
' Kansas should be a slave State too. On the day
. of election the influence of this organization was
■ felt throughout Kansas, and by force or fraud
I they elected such men to the Territorial Legisla-
! ture as were deemed best suited to accomplish the
i contemplated objcct. The real settler of Kansas
! was subdued; his rights were usurped by the
■ invaders.
: Sir, in the whole annals of our country I know
j of no outrage comparable to this. The usurpation
1 was complete; and its shameful history is writ-
ten in the atrocious legislation of that infamous
usurping Legislature. If ever a people had cause
to resist ifnjiist and oppressive laws, that cause
, exists in Kansas. In such a case, rebellion is to
i strike for liberty. Justice and humanity revolt
! against the bloody code. Turn over the sick-
1 ening page, and you, whose plighted faith and
' instinctive homage teach you to cling to the cnar-
' ter of your own freedom as the security of your
■ awn liberties, say, if you can, that your fellow-
' citizens of Kansas shall be so far degraded and
subjugated by an invader as to be forbidden the
freedom of speech and of the press, the trial by
i jury, the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus,
! and security against cruel and unusual pumsh-
! ments, which the Federal Constitution guaran-
! tics to you. Would you not rather see all the
i treasures of the Union wasted, than that princi-
ples so abhorrent to freemen should be permitted
to triumph?
The Constitution provides that—
" Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of
speech, or of the press."
But what are the provisions of the sanguinary
code enacted by the invaders of Kansas ?
" If any person print, write, introduce into, publish, or
circulate, or cause to be brought into, printed, written,
published, or circulated, or shall knowingly aid or assist in
bringing into, printing, publishing, or circulating, withia
this Territory, any book, paper, pamphlet, magazine, hand-
bill, or circular, containing any statements, arguments,
opinion, sentiment, doctrine, advice, or innuendo, calcu-
lated to produce a disorderly, dangerous, or rebellious dis-
affection among the slaves in tins Territory, or to induce
such slaves to escape from the servwe of their masters, or
to resist their authority, lie sliall be guiltv of felony, and be
punished by imprisonment and hard labor for a term not
less than five years." *******
<kIf any person, by speaking, or by writing, assert or
maintain thatpersous have not the right to hold slaves in
this Territory, or shall introduce into'this Territory, print,
publish, write, circulate, or cause to be introduced into
this Teiritory, writtea, printed, published, or circulated, in
this Territory, any book, paper, magazine, pamphlet, or
circular, containing any denial of the right of persons to
hold «!avp<5 in this Territory, such person shall be deemed
guilty of felony, and punished by imprisonment at hard
laboi for a term not less than two years."
Here, sir, at one fell swoop, the freedom of
speech,and of the press,and of opinion, is struck
down. Monstrous audacity ! And yet it has its
| apologists in high places. Can we wonder than
| in past ages, tyrants had their obsequious cour-
i tiers, when here, in the very temple of freedom,
; its high priests rejoice over and sustain legisla-
! tion which establishes the most unendurable-
: despotism?
But again: the Federal Constitution provides
that—
The trial of all crimes, except in cases ofimpeachinent,
shall be by jury."' -*****#■
ik In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy
the right to a speedy and public trial by an impartial jury."
The Kansas code enacts:
" No person who is conscientiously opposed to holding
slaves, or who does not admit the right to hold slaves in
this Territory, shall sit as a juror on the trial of any pros-
ecution for any violation of any of the sections of this act."
" No peison who i > conscientiously opposed to the hold-
ing slaves, or who does not admit the light to hold slaves
m tins Teriitory, shall be a juior m any cause in which the
light to hold any person in slavery is involved, nor in any
came m which any injury done to, or committed by, any
slave, is m issue, nor in any criminal proceeding for the
violation of any law enacted for the protection of slave
property, and for the punishment of crime committed against
the right to such property." , *
This section utterly subverts the trial by jury,
which has been so jealously maintained through
so many ccnturies, as a safeguard against op-
pression; anditis doubly criminal, for it destroys
an inestimable privilege of one race to promote
the extension of the theater for the enslavement
of another.
The Constitution further provides:
" The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be
suspended, unless, when m cases of rebellion or invasion,
Uie public safety may require it."
The writ of habeas corpus was instituted to
j^ccure liberty to all from illegal and unjust rc-
s straint. In our system it is fundamental. With-
out it, who is safe? With it, what freeman can
be held in slavery ?
The Kansas code enacts:
! "• No negro or mulatto, held as a slave within tins Terri-
! torv. or lawfully atT/-ted as a fugitive from service from
' another Slate or Territory, shall be discharged, nor shall
■ his ri%ht to freedom be liad under the provisions of this
act."
' As we pass through this code, one barbarous
' enactment after another arrests the attention, and
| fills the mind with disgust; and we involuntarily
jj exclaim, how can Congress answer the accusation
j1 of a participation in the guilt of such enactments,
t; when, for so many tedious months, its supreme
|i power has been dormant, by the exercise of which
j1 the code would have been abrogated, and the cit-
!■ izens of Kansas have been disenthralled from a
tyranny so relentless?
But again, the Constitution provides that
" Excessive bail shall not be required, nor recessive
n fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments m
j' Jiieted."
|; In the tender mercy of the tyrant-invaders of
j: Kansas, they enacted,
j! Every person who may be sentenced by any court of
i competent juusdiction, under any law n\ force within this
I' Teriitory, to punishment by confinement and hard labor,
\\ shall be deemed a convict, and shall immediately, under
> j the charge of the keeper of such jail or public prison, or
