90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30,
tinker the charge of such person as the keeper of such jail
or public prison may select, be put to hard labor, as in the
first section of this act specified, (to wit: 1 on the streets,
roads, pubJic buildings, or other public works of the Terri-
toty,*)—and such keeper or other person, having chargeof
such'convict, shall cause such convict, while engaged at
such labor, to be securely confined by a chain, six feet in
length, of not less than four sixteenths nor more than three
eighths of an inch links, with a round ball of iron, of not
less than four nor more than six inches in diameter, attached,
which chain shall be securely fastened to the ankle of such
donviet with a strong lock and key; and such keeper, or
other person, paving charge of such convict, may, if neces-
sary, confine such convict while so engage i at hard labor,
by other chains, or other means, in his discretion, so as to
keep such convict secure, and prevent his escape; and
when there shall be two or more convicts under the charge
of such keeper, or other person, such convicts shall be fas-
tened together by strong chains, with strong locks and keys,
during the time such convicts shall be engaged in hard labor
without the walls of any jail or prison."
' t( Whenever any convict shall be employed at labor for
any incorporate town or city, or any county, such town,
city, or county, shall pay into the territorial treasury the
sum of fifty cents for each convict, for every day such con-
vict shall be engaged at such labor; and whenever such
convict shall be employed upon private hiring, at labor, it
shall be at such price each, per day, as may be agreed upon
with such keeper, or other person, having charge of such ;
and the proceeds of said labor shall be collected by such
keeper, and put into the territorial treasury."
Mr. Speaker, the barbarities of Russian serf-
dom were never accountable for such refinement
of cruelty. We have in this code, not only an
exhibition of wantonness in disposing of the
dearest rights of mankind, but insults upon human
nature. Under such a code, who may not be-
come a convict," and be exposed to such indig-
nities ?
When the Spaniard conquered and enslaved
the western isles of the Caribbean sea, and the
southern portion of this continent was overrun by
a haughty invader, the Indian race was crushed
to the bowels of the earth to toil, and pine, and
die. The African, too, doomed to hopeless sla-
- very by the taint of birth, in abject form, may
bear his degradation; but in Kansas the invaders
have not to undertake the subjugation of a feeble
Carib race, nor the enslavement of the negro,
outlawed from his birth, nor yet the serf who
bows submissively to the rod, but men accus-
tomed to freedom—men who are the descendants
of those that were self-exiled to the primeval for-
est, that man might stand erect in the dignity of
his manhood—men whose ancestry periled, all
for liberty, when they saw degrading submission
concealed in a paltry tea tax. Such men, nur-
tured under institutions like ours, will not be the
abject slaves their Missouri invaders would make
them. They will resist the execution of such
insolent enactments; and if they do not they de-
serve their thraldom. But permit me to proceed
with this sanguinary code:
" If any pcison shall entice, decoy, or carry aw.iy out of
this Teintorj, any slave belonging to another, with intent
to dejuive the owner theieof ol the service* of such slave,
or with intent lo effect or proeuie the freedom of such
slave, he sh.i'i be adjudged gudty of grand lai een\, .uid on
conviction thereof hhall hUller death, or bo impiisoned at
hard labor for not less than ten years."
* A * * *******
" ff any person shall aid or assist in enticing, decoying,
oi persuading, or cunying away, or >ending out of this
Territory, any slave belonging to anothei, with intent t<fl
proeme or effect the freedom of such slave, or wtih intent
to deprive the owner thereof of the seivico* ol" siieii *.lavc,
he ■jhall be adjudged guilty of grand larceny, and on con-
viction thereofshall miller death, or be impiiboned at hard
labor for not le-* than ten yeai?*."
f k * * * * * ***
"It any slave shall commit petit larceny, or shall steal
any neat cattle, sheep, or hog, or be gmli> of any misde-
meanor, or other offense punishable under the provision*
of this act only by tine or imprisonment m a county jail,
or by botti i-ueh fine and impugnment, iie shall, instead ol
such punishment, bo punished, if a male, h> strips on hi 
bare back not exceeding thirty-nine, or if a female, by im-
prisonment m a countyjail not exceeding twenty-one day*,
or by stupe?. not exceeding twenty-one, at the discretion of
the justice."
Another strange provision i§ found in these
words:
" If the plaintiff be a negro or mulatto, he is required to
prove lus right to freedom."
The sole, controlling impulse in the invasion
and subjugation of Kansas, and the domination
exercised there, is the establishment of slavery;
and the Army of the United States is to be em-
ployed to enforce those laws, under the delusive
pretext that the people are free to form and con-
trol their own institutions. It is insulting mock-
ery to tell those subjugated by invadingliordes,
that submission to law is the duty of freemen.
The fell spirit which legislated has its kindred
spirit on the bench, and there is no escape but in
resistance. Draco and Jeffries are the law-maker
and the judge.
The Constitution of the United States thus de-
fines treason:
" Treason against the United States shall consist only in
levying war against them, or in adheiing to their enemies,
giving them aid and comfort."
Hear the definition of treason by Judge Le-
compte to a Kansas grand jury, his chosen in-
struments:
" This Territory was organized by an act of Congress,
and, so far, its authority is from the United States. It has
a Legislature, elected in pursuance of that organic act.
This Legislature, being an instrument of Congress by which
it governs the Territory, has passed laws. These laws,
therefore, are of United States authority and making; and
all that resist these laws resist the power and authority
of the United States, and are therefore guilty of high trea-
son.
"Now, gentlemen, if you find that any persons have
resisted these laws, then you must, under your oaths, find
bills against such persons for high treason. If you find that
no such resistance has been made, but that combinations
have been formed for the purpose of resisting them, and
individuals of influence and notoriety have been aiding and
abetting in such combinations, then must you still find bills
for constructive treason," &c.
Judicandum est legibus, non exemplis, is the maxim
of the common law. Judge Lecompte discards
both law and precedent; his grand jury indict for
treason, in a Territory, freemen who will not
brook tyranny, and United States troops are con-
stituted their jailors. It was treason to organize
a new government for the State of Kansas, and
United States troops dispersed the people's rep-
resentatives from their halls of legislation. A
Lecompte is ready to extinguish the light of a
Coke, and patriots are transformed into traitors.
Monstrous tyranny! To the dust it crushes its
victims; and if, in their abject humiliation, thry
venture to lift their head so high as to seek em-
ployment in some petty office, it is conditioned
that they shall first swear, in the presence of a
just God, to become the pursuer of the trembling
fugitive from slavery, and to aid in sending him
back to bondage.
" All officers elected or apppointcd under any existing or
subsequently-enacted laws of this Territory, shall take
and subscribe the following oath of office: * I, , do
solemnly swear, upon tiie holy Evangelic of Almighty
God, that I will suppoit the Constitution of the United
States, and that I will support and sustain the provisions
of an aet, entitled ccAn act to oiganize the Temtories of
Nebraska and Kansas," and the provisions of the law of
the United States commonly known as the a fugitive slave
law," and laithfully and impartially, and to the best ot my
ability, demean myself in the discharge of my duties in the
office of ; so help me God.' "
Now, sir, while it is admitted that these acts
are subversive of the Constitution and abhorrent
to every sentiment of humanity, it is insisted
that they shall be maintained at the point of the
bnyonet by the whole force of the Army of the
United States. The citizens of Kansas sought
relief by changing their condition. They met
and adopted a State constitution, and sent it here
for approval. This House sought to terminate
the existing condition of things in Kansas by
ndmittmg her as a State into the Union, We
| were defeated by the Senate. The House passed
! a bill to restore the Missouri restriction, which
j was so unwisely repealed, but securing rights
! acquired under the present Legislature of Kan-
! sas; and this also the Senate defeated. The Sen-
I ate passed a bill for the reorganization of Kansas,
I and for the pacification of her troubles; but not-
] withstanding all that has been said of that
| measure, it but declares general principles which
! need no reafiirmance, still leaving the whole
I question to the courts to decide on the validity
and constitutionality of those obnoxious laws.
No act of usurpation in Kansas has been con-
demned by legislation; not one act of the infamous
code has been abrogated; and constituted us is
the Kansas judiciary, we look hopelessly for
justice there. This House, deploring the con-
dition of Kansas, in the exorcise of a constitu-
tional power, all other expedients having failed,
has provided, while making appropriations for
the support of the Army, that no part of the mil-
itary force of the United States, for the support
of which appropriations are made by this act,
shall be employed in aid of the enforcement of
any enactment heretofore passed by the bodies
claiming to be the Territorial Legislature of Kan-
sas. The Senate refused to concur in that pro-
viso, and this is the point of difference between
us. The brief recital which I have made is
a sufficient elucidation of our position, and it
remains to be seen which House will yield. Sir,
I for one will never consent to the adjournment
of this House, until we have abrogated all the
unjust, tyrannical, and infamous provisions of
the Kansas code; nor will I assent to the passage
of a bill making appropriations for the support
of the Army, without some such provision as
that to which the Senate disagrees.
We make all needful appropriations for the
Army, with a provision which we have admit-
tedly the right to insert; and yet, while we are
charged with disbanding the Army, and depriv-
ing mechanics of employment, it is the powerful
minority arrayed in defense of the black code of
Kansas alone, that vote " no" on the passage of
this bill.
If it were necessary, Mr. Speaker, to pursue
the argument, I might show that the Federal
forces had never yet been legitimately employed
to enforce civil enactments. The Whisky insur-
rection, in ]794, was suppressed by the militia.
The rebel force was estimated at nine thousand,
and fifteen thousand militia were drafted for their
suppression. But little blood was shed; nor was
any blood shed in Shay's insurrection, in 1796.
General Lincoln, with a small force of militia,
restored peace without a battle. The regular
Army was always deemed too harsh a remedy for
such irregularities of the people. Now, for_ the
first time, it is called into requisition, and it is
only used now because slavery demands it. Sir,
if the defeat of this bill should result in disband-
ing the Army, I should not regard it as any
calamity to the country: our country requires no
such force as a standing army. The hostile front
sometimes presented by the Indians is an argu-
ment for sustaining such a force; but if a tenth
of the money now spent in supporting an army
were spent m feeding and clothing the Indian
tribes, and teaching them the arts'of industry,
peace would be secured. We rob the Indian of
nis game, and drive him from his hunting grounds,
and if he seeks, when perishing, the means to
lengthen out his miserable existence, and takes
what he can find, an army is employed, and mil-
lions of money are spent, in administering what
is called punishment.
Sir, a standing army is not only unnecessary,
but absolutely dangerous to our liberties. It is
not necessary to repel a foreign foe. We are
literally speaking ultra inswperabiles undct. Our
neighbors at the North and at the South are far too
weak to think of coping with us in a struggle in
the field; and the hostile Indians on our borders
can be rendered quiet and peaceablc by a supply
of those necessaries which will protect them from
the elements, and keep then*from starvation. A
well-regulated militia is all that we require. No
nation nas ever long preserved its freedom upon
any other foundation. This is in accordance with
our ancient maxims, and the theory of our Gov-
ernment by which the citizens and the freehold-
ers constitute the body of the Army. Search the
history of the world, and you will find that those
nations whose soldiers were citizens, husband-
men, and artisans, alone were free; while those
nations that maintained a stipendiary soldiery,
and the people who matte war their profession,
lost their freedom. The Romans, as they ex-
tended their dominion, to preserve it were obliged
to increase their army, of which the people
became jealous, and demanded that it should
be employed abroad. Imperator, — but I
will not delay to quote the celebrated inscrip-
tion on the passage of the Rubicon, nor need I
show that when Caesar passed the Rubicon he
had resolved upon the overthrow of the freedom
of his country. And Caesar stands not alone in
history to warn us. We have the history of
Pisistratus, of Agathocles, of Marius, of Sylla,
and of Anthony. Those men seized supreme
power with an insignificant number of hired
troops. Ctesar seized Rome with but five thou-
sand men, and fought the battle of Pharsalia with
but twenty-two thousand. The Pretorian bands
of the Roman empire never exceeded eight (Jiou*
sand men, and the Janizaries of the Ottoman
empire never exceeded twelve thousand. Crom-
well maintained himself with but seventeen thou-
sand. The liberties of a nation may be struck
down, without the loss of one drop of blood, by
a contemptible body of disciplined troops, in
conjunction with a very inconsiderable body of
the citizens, united together for the destruction
