1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
months preceding the election. Thepoint which
I desire to press upon the attention of the House,
and in reply to gentlemen on the other side, is
this: that it is but placing the foreign-born citizen
on an equality with the native citizen, to require
that the former shall have been a citizen at least
one year before he exercises the right of suffrage.
Mr. CRAIGE. I dislike to interrupt the gen-
tleman, but as I understood the gentleman just
now to state that he had no desire to make such
distinctions between the native-born and the for-
eign-born citizen, I want to know, does the law
require all citizens of the United States, native
as well as foreign-born, to reside here one year
before they vote ?
Mr. CARLILE. If I understand the bill, it
requires that no one shall vote unless he be a
citizen at the time of his voting; but he can be-
come a citizen ten days before the day of elec-
tion, and, if he has resided here unnaturalized one
rear before the election, he has a right to vote.
therefore insist, on behalf of the native-born
citizens of this country, that there shall be no
invidious distinctions made as against them in
favor of naturalized citizens; and, sir, it can only
be but justice, if you require a citizen by birth-
right to remain here one year as a citizen before
he exercises the right of suffrage, that you should
require the citizen by naturalization to remain
here as a citizen one year before he exercises the
same right. Mr. Speaker, what occurs in my
own State between native citizens? If you re-
move from South Carolina or from Maryland,
although you be a native to the soil, and settle m
Virginia, you are required, by our constitution,
to remain there as a citizen of Virginia for two
years before you exercise the right of suffrage.
Mr. BOYCE. I ask the gentleman if he would
not think it very unjust if a citizen of Maryland
should be required to stay five years after he
came into Virginia, while a citizen of South Car-
olina should only be required to stay three years?
That is the point.
Mr. CARLILE. The citizen of Maryland and
of South Carolina is required, although a native
citizen, to remain a certain length of time as a
citizen of the State before he votes. So I say
should the naturalized citizen be required to re-
mam the same length of time as a citizen before
he exercises the right to vote. That is the point
which I desire to bring before the attention of
gentlemen of the House.
And, sir, what is more? A citizen of Virginia,
born and reared upon her soil, if he removes from
one county to another—although it be an adjoin-
ing county—is required to remain therein twelve
months before he can exercise the right of suf-
frage. These are safeguards and precautionary
measures thrown around the exercise of that
right on which rests the stability of the Govern-
ment and the property of every citizen, in conso-
nance with what is deemed to be just and proper
by the various States which regulate the qualifi-
cations of electors.
Mr, BOCOCK. My colleague will, perhaps,
allow me to interrupt him, as he is talking about
Virginia laws and various regulations. I believe
my colleague was a member of the convention
which assembled in Virginia a few years ago, to
revise the constitution. I do not know when
his views became such as they are now. We live
in a day of change. I wish now to know from
my colleague whether, when he was a member of
the Virginia State convention, he advocated and
supported a proposition requiring a man to live
in a county one year after he became a natural-
ized citizen, as such naturalized citizen, before he
could vote ?
Mr. CARLILE. I do not remember, Mr.
Speaker, that the exact proposition to which the
gentleman alludes was before the convention.
Mr. BOCOCK. Oh yes, it was.
Mr. CARLILE. I know that the present con-
stitution—and 1 am inclined to think that I voted
for the provision as it is—lequires that every cit-
izen, whether native or naturalized, must reside
in the county in which he offers to vote one year
next preceding the election.
Mr. BOCOCK. Yes; but I tell my colleague
that, if a man resides in Appomattox, his own
county, one year before he proposes to vote, if
he be naturalized the day before voting he has a
right to vote, and that, too, under the provisions 1
of that constitution for which the gentleman
voted. I repeat that, if a foreigner be natural-
ized the day before the election, and has been a
resident of the county in which he offers to vote
for twelve months, he can vote in the State of
Virginia.
Mr. CARLILE. I cannot very well under-
stand the constitution as it may be expounded
by my colleague. The constitution expressly
requires that no man shall Vote unless he be a
citizen for two years before he offers to vote; and
I take it that he must be naturalized before he
becomes a citizen.
Mr. BOCOCK. There is no such requirement
in the constitution.
Mr. CARLILE. Turn to the constitution,and
I think you will find that there is.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not like to interrupt the
gentleman, but I think I can soon call the matter
up to his mind, so as to make the issue very dis-
tinct. I hold in my hand the constitution which
my colleague helped to frame, and about whose
provisions he seems to be now so very forgetful.
Here is the clause. It provides that
Every maJfi white citizrn of the Commonwealth, of the
a^e of twenty-one yenn, who has been a lcsident of the
State for two years, and of the countv, citv, or town wheie
he ufleis to vote, for twelve months next piecedmg the
election, and no other person, shall be qualified to vote for
membeis of the Geneial Assembly, and for all officers
eleeted by the people."
"Well, to bring back the matter to the gentle-
man's mind—in addition to this thing, at the last
election which took place in the State of Virginia,
the question was distinctly propounded to the
gentleman, who was then acting as Attorney Gen-
eral, and to another gentleman whom the party
of my friend said was to succeed him as Attorney
General, to know the construction placed upon
this article, and whether, if a man residing in the
State two years, and in a county one year, was
naturalized the day before the election, he would
not have the right to vote; and both agreed that
such a man did have a right to vote, and that the
question of residence, did not apply to the question
of citizenship. That is under the constitution
of my friend and colleague.
Mr. CARLILE. The provision of the consti-
tution of Virginia which my colleague has quoted
uses this very language:
il Evety white male citizen of the Commonwealth, of the
age of twenty-one years, who has been a lesident of the
.State two years, and of the county, city, or town in which
he offers to vote, lor twelve months next preceding the
election, and no other person, shall be qualified to vote," &c.
Now, sir, the word " citizen" is employed by
the constitution, and it requires a residence upon
the part of a citizen of t "o years as a citizen
before he shall be qualified to vote in that State.
That is the point I am trying to press upon the
House. No native-born citizen can vote there
until he has resided in the State for two years;
and surely it was not contemplated by the framers
of the constitution to make an invidious distinc-
tion against the native citizen.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask the gentleman
from Virginia, if he is right in his construction
of the constitution of the State of Virginia,
whether the same construction placed upon the
language of this bill does not make the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky unneces-
sary ?
Mr. CARLILE. The gentleman would be
right, provided there were none but native-born
citizens.
A Member. That makes no difference,
Mr. CARLILE. Yes, sir, it docs make a dif-
ference; it makes this difference—that a native
must reside as a citizen one year before he can be
entitled to vote. The amendment of the gentle-
man from Kentucky merely provides that a nat-
uralized citizen shall remain here one year as a
citizen before he shall be allowed to vote. That
is the distinction; and the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky does nothing but equal
and exact justice to both classes of citizens.
But, it is said, why should we make this invid-
ious distinction between these two clashes, that
we should endeavor to make the foreign-born citi-
zen forget the land of his birth ? Sir, is it sup-
posed, seriously, by any man in this House, that
there ever was a man who could forget the land
of his nativity and the home of his childhood? If
such there be, he is unworthy to exercise the
right of suffrage here or elsewhere.
Mr. KE1TT. Mr Speaker, it strikes me that
my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Carlile,] and the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hall,]
have fallen into some confusion of ideas upon the
point in debate. They have confounded citizen-
ship and residence. Let us simplify this matter.
The bill provides that, in municipal elections,
"every white male citizen of the United States
"who shall have resided in the city for twelve
months shall be a voter."
Now, sir, there are two qualifications required,
viz: United States citizenship, and a residence of
twelve months. The one is required to throw
the panoply of the Federal Union around him, and
the other to give assurance of sufficient interest
and stability to participate in the administration
of the city. The first part of the clause limits the
subject of suffrage to United States citizens, and
the fatter only prescribes the conditions of its ex-
ercise.
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. H. Mar-
shall,] moves to amend by requiring- one year's
residence as a citizen, before exercising the right
to vote. Now, sir, I hold that this is an in-
equality. Does not citizenship accrue co instanti
if the requirements of your laws have been ful-
filled? If so, does not this amendment, m effect,
make grades in citizenship > Gentlemen may
say that the terms are general—but do thev not
apply to only one class of citizens ? Is not the
application, too, made to them simply because of
their birth on a foreign soil? Again, is it not
equivalent to an extension of the naturalization
laws ? Now, after a person has passed through
some initiatory formulas, and has resided here
five years, ho is surrounded with the sanctions
of citizenship, and protected with its panoply.
The status of citizenship is to instanti ripe, com-
plete and full, upon the fulfillment of the requisi-
tions of the law. All the rights and privileges
of citizenship accrue, at the point of timethat all
the obligations are discharged, if, then, Con-
gress means to make (as far as its power goes)
suffrage the flower of citizenship, does not this
postponement of the exercise of suffrage in real-
ity prolong the period of naturalization? I hold
the deduction irrefutable, that the amendment
operates either grades in citizenship, or extends
the naturalization laws.
Allusion has been made to that clause in the
Constitution which secures to the "citizens of
each State the rights and immunities of citizens of
every other State." I hold that this clause refers
to personal and judicial rights as contra-distin-
guished from political rights. If it applied to
suffrage, this anomaly would be presented: That
a foreign coordinate legislation would exercise
more power upon interior questions than the legis-
lation of the local constituted authority itself.
Such a construction would dismantle every safe-
guard of the Constitution, and throw down every
right of the States. The States, by the adoption
of the Federal Constitution, became, only to a
certain extent, members of the same community.
I admit, sir, that suffrage is the offspring of
compacts, and hence can be enlarged or con-
tracted by the competent authority. [ admit that
you may give it to some and withhold it from
others; but you should act upon principles of
equality and fairness. If you mean to exclude
naturalized citizens from certain rights, say so,
and make the issue; if you mean to limit and
subordinate the advantages of United States
citizenship, say so, and we will define our posi-
tions.
Sir, this question of suffrage is a delicate and
grave one. Its complexities and embarrassments
have not yet been thrust upon us. Your sparse
population and your immense area, giving easy
facilities for the acquisition of freeholds, have
relieved you from the duty of meeting the perils
of this question. In time, however, they must
be met. Government is instituted to protect per-
sons and property. The last is the most exposed
to attack and violation. In a republic all have
the same personal rights; and hence all are inter-
ested in vindicating personal rights. Property,
in all other governments, is in the hands of the
minority; and hence it is, to some extent, feeble
and unprotected. In our country, in the course
of time, where we rule and sway with a crowded
and redundant population, it may also be in the
hands of a minority; or it may be the interest of
a large and increasing number to plunder it. Per-
sonal rights and rights of property may confront
