1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■723
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. or Reps.
admission op kansas.
SPEECH OF HON. A. H. STEPHENS,
of ceorcia,
In the House of Representatives,
June 28, 1856,
The House having under consideration the bill reported
from the Committee on Territories, providing for the admis-
sion of Kansas into the Union as a State, with the consti-
tution prepared at Topeka by the free-State party-1-
Mr. STEPHENS said: I propose, Mr. Speaker,
before I proceed to what I nave arisen mainly to
say on this occasion, to ask the consent of the
House to allow me now to offer the amendment
which I stated yesterday I wished to propose to
the bill now before us.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the gentle-
man asks that consent now, I shall object to it,
as I shall at all times.
Mr. STEPHENS. On the motion to commit
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, the amendment is not in order,
unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURN. I understand that to be
a side measure, intended to destroy the bill, and
I shall object to it now, and at all times.
Mr. STEPHENS. I state to the gentleman
that I have no side blows for this bill, nor is my
amendment intended as any side measure. I wish
my proposition to come distinctly before the
House as a substitute for the pending bill. I am
opposed out and out to this bill as it now stands.
I want no misunderstanding on that point. I will,
however, vote for the substitute; and what I want
is a direct vote between the bill now pending,
and the substitute offered as an amendment. But
as the gentleman from Maine will not allow me
to offer my proposition as an amendment, I now
move to amend the motion to commit this bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, by adding to it, " With instructions to
report this amendment in lieu of the original bill;''
in other words, with instructions to strike out-all
in the original bill, and to insert my amendment
in lieu thereof. That is the motion which I sub-
mit to the House, and upon it I shall proceed
with what I have to say.
It is immaterial to me, Mr. Speaker, if I can get
a vote in the House on the proposition submitted
by me, whether it goes to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, or not. I am
myself prepared to vote on it to-day, either in the
House or in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. But I am inclined to think that
it had better go to the committee. We can then
take up this amendment, and consider it in detail.
It maybe some gentlemen would suggest modifi-
cations, which I would accept. We can then
discuss the merits of the original bill. Its friends
can amend that, if they wish. My amendment
can be put in such form as a majority of the com-
mittee may desire, if a majority be favorable to its
objects. I therefore shall vote for the reference.
But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell]
the other day said, that the motion to refer or
commit, made by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Dunk,] ana which is now pending, vas
equivalent, if successful, to a defeat of the bill.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Washburn]
also followed in the same line. Now, I tola
these gentlemen, day before yesterday, and I
state it again to the House, that I do not consider
the motion to commit the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, if carried,
as equivalent to a defeat of the measure at all.
Byuio means, sir. What is the argument of those
who say a reference of the bill is tantamount to
its defeat? Nothing better than this, as argued
by the gentleman from Maine, to wit: that all the
friends of the Kansas bill, two years ago, when
that bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, considered it as
equivalent to its defeat. That is his argument, and |i
the authority adduced by him to sustain it. Sir, 1
it is immaterial to me what certain friends of the
Kansas bill may have thought would be the effect
of its reference, when it was referred. If they
considered that reference as equivalent to its de-
feat, the sequel showed thut they were in error.
That is all. It was referred. It was considered
two weeks in committee, and it was then passed.
Mr. WASHBURN. Will the gentleman allow
me to say that that was simply because they broke
down the rules of the House in two instances.
If they had not they never could have got that
bill out of committee.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will the gentleman state
what two instances ?
Mr. WASHBURN. In thefirstplace, bydecid-
ing that under thftil9th rule you might strike out
the enacting clause of the bill. In the second
place, by rising and reporting the billto the House
when there was no quorum voting, as every body
knows.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Maine is totally mistaken when he says there was
no quorum.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will let me proceed. The gentleman from
Maine is mistaken in both his instances. The
record shows that the tellers, Mr. Clingman and
Mr. Sapp, reported 103 in favor of the motion,
and 22 against it. That is more than a quorum—
one hundred and eighteen was a quorum—one
hundred and twenty-five voted. Though a great
many present refused to vote, more than a quo-
rum, however, did vote on the motion to strike
out. It does not require a quorum to vote on a
motion to rise, as every one knows. And as far
as the violation of the 119th rule is concerned, I
have this to say to the gentleman—as I said the
day before yesterday—that nothing can be clearer
than that everything done in the committee on the
passage of the Kansas bill under the 119th rule,
was legitimate and proper; and that no rule of
this House was violated or overrode on that oc-
casion. This I intend to show beyond cavil or
doubt. The charge that there was no quorum
voting is answered by the record, as I have stated;
then as to the two other charges—for besides the
j charge relating to the 119th rule now made, the
j gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] or some
1 other gentleman, said, two days ago, that there
i was another rule violated. What one I do not
| know—for no one was mentioned—but the state-
ment was, that the committee had violated the
rules of the House by setting aside other bills
having priority in the order of'business on the
Calendar to the Kansas-Nebraska bill. That was
one statement; and I think it was also said that
upwards of a hundred bills were thus set aside to
reach this one. Now, Mr. Speaker, I have the
rules of the House before me, and ask the atten-
tion of the House to the 135th rule:
" In Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
the bills shall be taken up and disposed of in their order on
the Calendar; bat when objection is made to the consideration
of a bill a majority of the committee shall decide, without de-
bate, whether it snail be taken up and disposed of, or laid
aside; provided, that general appropriation bills, and, in
time of war, bills for raising men or money, and bills con-
cerning a treaty of peace, shall be preferred to all other bills
at the discretion of the committee; and when demanded by
any member the question shall Jirst be put in regard to them."
Even in times of war, appropriation bills, and
bills relating to treaties of peace, have no other
preference, except that the question of taking
them up first shall be first put. A majority may
lay even them aside.
Sir, could a rule be written more plainly? Can
language be more clear or more distinct than this
—that when the House goes into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and when
the first bill in order is read by the Clerk, and a
gentleman objects to taking it up, it is then sub-
mitted to the committee .whether it will be taken
up or not; and a majority of the committee have the
expressly-granted power to determine, without debate,
whether they will then act on it, or lay it aside
for other business.; and so on to the second, and
so to the third, and to the fourth, and to the one
hundred and fiftieth, if you please ? Was it not
perfectly competent for a majority of the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, when
the Kansas bill was in committee, to pass over
other bills, and take up that bill when they wished
to do so ?
This they did. Each bill was laid aside as it
was reached. They had a right to do it. They
violated no rule in doing it. The number of bills
laid aside to reach it was only eighteen, I think.
But if the number had been legion—if there had
been one hundred, or five hundred, or a thousand,
it would have made no difference.
Sir, the rule in this case is as clear as it could
be made; and the action of the committee on that
occasion was strictly in order. This I maintain,
and defy an answer or reply to it.
Now, then, sir, as to the 119th rule.
When the committee on that occasion had laid
aside the first bill, and the second bill, and the
third bill, and so on, until they had come to the
Kansas bill, the eighteenth in order—which they
had a right to do—they took it up for considera-
tion ; ana after it had been discussed for two weeks
in committee, which was as long as was thought
proper by the House, the 119th rule was resorted
to, to stop debate in committee and bring the sub-
ject before the House for a vote. That rule is as
follows:
"A motion to strike out the enacting words of a bill shall
have precedence of a motion to amend; and, if carried, shall
be equivalent to its rejection."
Under this rule, a motion was made by myself
in committee to strike out the enacting words of
the Kansas bill—a motion which took precedence
of all motions to amend, as the -rule says. The
motion was properly put; and it was carried by
a vote of one hundred and three for it, to but
twenty-two against it, as I have said. Where,
then, was there any violation of the rules in this?
But the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,]
who says he wishes to reply to what I say, in-
sisted the day before yesterday that this 119th
rule never was intended to apply in committee.
The rule, in its language, was too clear, too
overwhelming, too unanswerable; but to avoid its
conclusiveness against him, he said it was- made
to apply to the Howe, and not to the Committee of the
Whole, 8fc. Well, sir, let us see how this sub-
terfuge will avail the gentleman. The history
: of thas rule, as given in our Manual, is as follows:
i " In 1814, a Committee of the Whole struck out the first
and only section of a bill, and so reported to the House.
Mr. Speaker Cheves refused to receive the report, on the
ground that it was tantamount to a rejection of the bill,
which the committee had not power to do." Just as the
gentleman now says. "After this, that the merit of questions
might be tested in Committee of the Whole, rule 119 waa
adopted."
This history clearly shows that it was expressly
adapted for the Committee of the Whole, Sfc.
I have produced this additional authority to
show that there was no violation of the rule on the
occasion alluded to—that the Committee of the
Whole on the Kansas bill did just exactly what
the rule intended that they might do, and fully-
empowered them to do. But gentlemen say, if this
rule was intended to be applied to the Committee
of the Whole, why has it never beenjjut in prac-
tice before ? That wa3 the argument of the gen-
tleman from Maine.
Well, Mr. Speaker, my reply to him is, that it
has been put in practice before. It was adopted
in 1822. Ten days after its adoption, on the 2d
of March, 1822, first session of the Seventeeth
Congress, I find the Journal of the House record
thus:
"The House took up and proceeded to consider the bill
for the relief' of Benjamin Freeland and John M. Jenkins,
and the amount reported thereto from the Committee of
the Whole House, on the 14th instant, being read as fol-
lows : ' striking out the enacting clause of said bill,'
" The question was put on concurring with the Committee
of the Whole House in the said amendment,
"And passed in the affirmative."
Here the committee did the very same thing,
ten days after the rule was adopted, that was done
on the Kansas bill. What did the House do?
Did they say that the Committee of the Whole
had acted improperly? No, sir. The Journal
says: " the question was taken upon concurring
with the Committee of the Whole on said amend-
ment, and it passed in the affirmative."
1 find in the first session of the Eighteenth Con-
gress, on the 22d of May, this record:
"The question was then taken to concur with the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on striking out the enacting
words of the bill from the Senate, entitled ' An act relative
to the Patent Office and to the salary of the superintendent
thereof,'
"And passed in the affirmative."
Again, sir, in the first session of the Twenty-
First Congress, I find on the Journal this record:
"The House resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole House on the bill (No. 127) for the religf of Walter
Livingston, deceased, and after some time spent therein^
the Speaker res tuned the chair, and Mr. Storrs, of
