1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1459
The substitute provides that all that portion of
the Territory of Nebraska, at present included
in the Omaha district, which lies south and east
of the southern shores or right banks of thePlatte
river Jnd the main south fork thereof, shall consti-
tute an additional land district in said Territory, to
be called the "South Platte River Land District;"
and all that portion of said Omaha district which
is situated north of the nearest township line
approximating to the southernmost boundary of
the Omaha reserve, to be hereafter determined by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
extended from the Missouri river west, shall con-
stitute an additional land district to be called the
" Dakotah Land District," the location for the
office for each of which shall be designated by the
President of the United States, and shall by him,
from time to time, be changed as the public inter-
ests may seem to require.
The second section provides that the President
be authorized to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, or during the_ recess
thereof, and until the end of the next session of
Congress after such appointment, a register and
a receiver for each of the land districts so created,
who shall be required to reside at the site of their
office, have the same powers, responsibilities,
and emoluments, and be subject to the same acts
and penalties, which are or may be prescribed by
law m relation to other land officers of the United
States,
The third section provides that the President
be authorized to cause the public lands in said
districts, with the exception of such as may have
been or may be reserved for other purposes, to
be exposed to sale in the same manner and upon
the same terms and conditions as other public
lands of the United States: Provided, That all
sales and locations made at Omaha City, of lands
situated within the limits of the new district here-
by created, which shall be valid and right in other
respects, up to the day on which the new offices
shall respectively go into operation, be confirmed.
The fourth section provides that, for the sala-
ries of the land officers created by this act, and
for expenses incidental to opening the new offices,
the sum of $4,000 be appropriated.
Mr. COBB. As an amendment to the amend-
ment, 1 move to strike out the fourth section of
the amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the amendment was agreed to. The amend-
ment was then adopted.
On motion of ]VTr. GROW. the bill, as amend-
ed, was laid aside, to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation th*t it do pass.
NEBRASKA PENITENTIARY.
Mr. GROW. I move that the committee pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
415) to make an appropriation for the construc-
tion of a penitentiary in the Territory of Nebraska.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not the next bill
on the Calendar.
Mr. GROW. I presume there will oe no ob-
jection to my proposition.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to. .
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, this busi-
ness of making appropriations for the erection of
public buildings in the Territories is a thing of
comparatively very recent growth, but it is run-
ning now to a very alarming extent. It seems to
me°that it is time the House should look to the
facts as shown by the public documents; and, if
possible, put a stop to appropriations of tnis
kind. I have a table before me, prepared by the
Secretary of State, in answer to a resolution of
this House, showing the appropriations which
have been made for the Territories of the United
States, in their legislative, executive, and judicial
capacities, in one column; the appropriations
made for public buildings, in a second column;
and the appropriations made for military and
other roads within the limits of the Territories,
in a third column. I desire to call attention to
the time at which the appropriations for public
roads and buildings were introduced into these
territorial bills, and also to the animal expendi-
ture, as ascertained by this report, to demonstrate
how enormously large these appropriations have
grown within the last ten or fifteen years of our
cxistcncc
Ohio remained in a territorial condition fifteen
years, and the appropriations for executive, legis-
lative, and judicial purposes, during that entire
time, amounted to $66,000. Nothing was appro-
priated forpublic buildings, and nothing appropri-
ated for public roads. The next Territory on the
list is Tennessee. She remained in a territorial
condition from May 26, 1790, to June 1, 1796;
and she received $22,000 for legislative, executive,
and judicial purposes; nothing for roads, and
nothing for public buildings. The next is the
Territory of Mississippi. She remained in a ter-
ritorial condition for a period of nineteen years,
and the appropriations for executive, legislative,
and judicial purposes, during that whole period,
were $148,399 83. There was no appropriation
for the erection of public buildings; but then, for
the first time in the history of Territories, com-
menced appropriations for the construction of
roads. There was an appropriation of $10,000
for that purpose.
Indiana was the next. She remained in a ter-
ritorial condition sixteen years. The appropri-
ations for legislative, executive, and judicial pur-
poses, amounted to $117,750. There was nothing
for the erection of public buildings; and but
$6,000 for the construction of roads. The Ter-
ritory of Louisiana was next; §152,298 were
appropriated to her for legislative, executive, and
judicial purposes; nothing for public buildings;
and §6,400 for roads. Then comes the Territory
of Michigan. The appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial purposes for that
Territory amounted to $352,703 59; nothing for
the erection of public buildings; and the appro-
priations for the construction of roads run up to
$235,510. The territorial existence of that Ter-
ritory was for a period of thirty-two years—a
longer period by far than any of the others. The
Territory of Missouri hod $113,700 appropriated
for legislative, executive, and judicial purposes;
nothing for the erection of public buildings, and
nothing for the construction of roads. Illinois
had $69,500 for the first-named purposes; nothing
for public buildings, and $8,000 for the construc-
tion of roads. Alabama had $14,433, with §10,000
for roads. Florida, which remained in a territo-
rial condition for twenty-two years, received
$665,436 55, forexecutive, legislative, and judicial
purposes; $172,613 for roads, and $20,000 for the
erection of public buildings. This was the first
instance in which an appropriation for the erec-
tion of public buildings in a Territory was made
by Congress. Since that, such appropriations
have been made, down to the present time; and
they have grown with an astonishing and alarm-
ing rapidity. Wisconsin received for public
buildings the sum of $40,000, twice the amount
appropriated to Florida. Besides that, she received
$72,000 for roads, and $347,473 for legislative,
executive, and judicial purposes, although her
territorial existence was only for a period of
twelve years. Iowa received $284,908 for exec-
utive, legislative, and judicial purposes; $60,500
for roads; and >$15,000 for public buildings—
$5,000 less than Florida, and $35,000 less than
Wisconsin.
Well now, wc come to the present Territories.
Here is the Territory of Oregon. It was organ-
ized on the 14th of August, 1848. It has received
for executive, legislative and judicial purposes,
in the short perion of eight years, $249,582 69;
for public buildings, $112,000; and $90,000 for
public roads! Then comes Minnesota, organ-
ized on the 3d of March, 1849. It has received
$204,650 for executive, legislative, and judicial
purposes; $76,500 for public buildings; and
$1^0,000 for public roads.
Mr. RICE. That is too little.
Mr. LETCHER. They have received double
as much as any other Territory with three times
the length of territorial existence, and yet the
gentleman says it is too little.
Mr RICE. That is less than we have received.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, how much have you
received ?
Mr. RICE. About $200,000.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 thank the gentleman for
the correction. The Secretary of State says that
they have received $150,000. The gentleman
says they have received $300,000. Next conies
Utah, organized September 9, 1850. That is not
quite six years ago. This Territory has received
$199,159 16 for executive, legislative, and judicial
purposes; $53,000 for public buildings; and
$25,000 for roads. New Mexico, organized on
the same day, has received $203,395 for execu-
tive, legislative, and judicial purposes; $40,000
for public buildings; and $32,000 for roads.
Washington, organized March 2, 1853, three
years ago, has received $76,500 for executive,
legislative, and judicial purposes; $5,OOOfor pub-
lic buildings, and $55,000 forcoads. Kansas was
organized on the 30th of May, 1854, two years
ago, and has received $70,200 for executive,
legislative, and judicial purposes; $25,000 forpub-
lic buildings; and $100,000 for roads.
Mr. DUNN. They have received $25,000
more for public buildings. .
Mr. LETCHER. Well, then, $50,000 for
public buildings in two years. Nebraska was
organized at the same time, and has received
$72,125 for executive, legislative, and judicial
purposes; $50,000 for public buildings; and
$80,000 for roads. ■
Now, I desire to compare the expenditures in
the early years of this Government for these ter-
ritorial purposes and those of later days. Here
is the Territory of Ohio, that existed as a Ter-
ritory for a period of fifteen years, and the whole
amount of the appropriation, for all purposes
required, was §66,000, for that period of fifteen
years — a little over four thousand dollars per
annum. Now, take Nebraska Territory, which
has existed for two years, and has received
$36,250 a year for legislative purposes, $25,000
a year for public buildings, and $40,000 a year
for public roads ! ! 1
Now, sir, take another case. Take the_ case
of Indiana. Her territorial existence continued
from the 4th of July, 1800, until the 11th of
December, 1816, a period of over sixteen years;
and she received for legislative purposes $117,750,
with not one cent for public buildings, and only
$6,000 for public roads. The Territory of Illi-
nois, which had a territorial existence for nine
years, received $69,500 for the first-named pur-
poses, and $8,000 forpublic roads. That is about
seven thousand dollars a year for sustaining tlie
Territory of Illinois during her territorial exist-
ence; while it takes $36,000 a year now to manage
the legislative, executive, and judicial purposes
of a Territory in 1856, with almost the same
amount for public buildings, and an amount far
larger for public roads. I ask, then, if it is not
time that this matter should be looked into ? I
ask the House if they are going on quietly, and
without investigation, to expend whatever is de-
manded, without any regard to the early practice
of the Government in connection with the Terri-
tories? Why, sir, if a territorial government
could be managed for fifteen years, in the earlier
and better days of the Government, for an appro-
priation of $4,000 per annum, is it not—even
taking into consideration the increased cost of
living, the extravagance of the present day, and
every other consideration likely to operate—is it
not, I ask, out of all sort of proportion, when it
costs fifteen times that amount to sustain a Terri-
tory now?
What sort of right or justice is there in the
Congress of the United States taking money out
of the public Treasury for the purpose of erecting
public buildings in those Territories, which are
fillingup rapidly every day,and which, in a period
of some eight or ten years from the time of their
territorial organization, will be asking for admis-
sion into the Union as States ? Is there any right
—is there any consideration of justice, that can
require, at the hands of this House, an appropri-
ation of money for that purpose' Why is it that
the Territory of Ohio, that the Territory of Ten-
nessee, that the Territory of Missouri, all existed
in a territorial condition without the appropriation
of one cent by Congress for the purpose of build-
ing roads and erecting public buildings within
their limits? If they could get along then, as
Territories, without an expenditure of this sort,
why is it that, at the presentday, the Territories
now organized cannot get along in the same way
without appropriations of these immense amounts
! j for roads and public buildings ?
| But, sir, so far as roads are concerned, it alt
. comes in under the head of appropriations for
i! " military roads." The great doctrine of our pro-
', gressive age is, that the Government can make
i military roads in the Territories, but cannot make
| | a foot of military road across the States to enable
!; us to get to the Territories.
