734
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
[June 88,
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. of Reps.
York, reported the same, with the enacting dmue rfricften |
•• The question wu then put, that the House do concur
with (he Committee of the Whole House in stnkuigout the
enacting words of said bill,
" And passed in the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 59."
I find in the ssme Congress, in the action of
the House on the bill for the relief of John Rob-
inson, that
" The question was then put to concur with the Commit-
tee of tile Whole House in striking out the enacting words
of tike Ml (No. 175) for the relief of John Robinson,
' '■ And passed in the affirmative.
•• So the land bUl was rejected."
Sir, I shall not go on with this record. It is
sufficient for me to state to those gentlemen who
complain of my motion under this rule, that their
not knowing that such a motion had ever been
made before does not seem to me to be an argu-
ment of much merit or force. I show you, Mr.
Speaker, the House, and the country, the rule.
No man can question that. I show you, also, its
history; and from that, that it was made for just
such a purpose as the one I applied it to. No
man now can gainsay that. I go further, and
show you the pratlice of the House under it. No
man can any longer question that. Then, sir,
how can gentlemen rise up here, and say that the
passage of the Kansas and Nebraska bill was
accomplished by overriding the rules of the
House ? Gentlemen may have been surprised and
astonished at the parliamentary tactics practiced
under the rule; they may never have dreamed
of how the friends of a measure, in committee,
could vote to strike out the enacting words—thus
apparently defeating it—and then, when it was so
reported to the House, reverse their position,
disagree to the report of the committee striking
out the enacting words, and then pass it. They
may not have understood the process by which a
bill might be temporarily apparently killed by its
friends in Committee of the Whole, for the pur-
pose of getting it out, and then revived again in
the House, by disagreeing to the report of the
committee; but this is the whole of it. This is the
ground of all this clamor about the violation of
the rules of the House, in the passage of the
Kansas bill—for it is nothing but clamor.
The charge of a violation of rules has not the
semblance of a fact to rest upon. And let no
man hereafter say that sending a bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole is equivalent to its defeat.
Our rules requiring this committee, and directing
how business shall be disposed of in it, are wise
and proper. And the rules, when properly ad-
ministered, work harmoniously for the perfection
and dispatch of legislation. It is only those
who do not understand them who see confusion
and mystery in them. Where, then, was the
wrong or the fraud perpetrated on the rules in
the passage of the Kansas bill ? It exists only in
the fancy of gentlemen who declaim so violently
on the subject. I said, sir, I intended to vindi-
cate the action both of the committee and the
House on that occasion, and put the matter be-
yond all future cavil or doubt. This, I think, I
nave done. Now, sir, I intend also, with the
same confidence, to vindicate the principles of
that bill against the equally unfounded assaults
which have been made upon them. What, sir,
are those assaults ?
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] said
the other day, and again says, that the passage of
the Nebraska bill was the origin of all the troubles
in the country. Sir, what troubles does he allude
to ? What troubles have we upon us ? Standing in
my place in the Hall of the Representatives of the
United States, I ask to-day, what troubles is the
country laboring under ? Were any people of the
world ever more prosperous than the people of the
United States now are ? We are at peace with all
other nations; we hear of no complaint about Fed-
eral taxes or high tariffs; we hear of no disarrange-
ment of the currency or of the finances of the
country; we hear of no clamor against banks; our
tables are not loaded down with petitions or re*
monstrances against grievances of any sort; thrift
and plenty seem to be smiling over the land from
one extent to the other. Our commerce was never
more flourishing; agriculture never yielded a more
bountiful supply from the bosom of the earth to
the tillers of ner soil than it now does, nor <vas
the average value of products ever higher. In-
dustry, in every department of business, whether
upon the ocean or the land, never had more induce-
ments to ply its energies, not only for competency
and comforts, but for the accumulation of riches
and wealth. Never did labor, in all its branches,
receive more readily than it now does fairand justly
compensating wages. Our internal and foreign
trade was never in a more flourishing condition.
What are the troubles, then, of which the gentle-
man speaks ? Why, sir, if one could cast his eye
over this wide Republic at this^ime, and see the
thrift and prosperity in e very department of indus-
try, arising from our benign institutions,he would
almost be compelled to exclaim, that all the trou-
bles of which we hear grow out of nothing but that
exuberance of liberty and multitude of blessings
which seem to be driving us on to licentiousness.
This we see in the mobs at Cincinnati, Louis-
ville, New Orleans, in this city, and in San
Francisco. The laws have been set aside; force
has been resorted to; arms have been used; and
men have been slain. But the absorbing theme
now is the " civil war," as it called, in Kansas.
This is the announcement made in a neighboring
city, the commercial metropolis of this Union,
the other night, according to a report of their
proceedings which I find in a newspaper, to a
large crowd of people there assembled. I see it
was proclaimed that civil war was raging in
j Kansas; and that that assembly gave shouts of
applause at the announcement! These are the
troubles I suppose of which the gentleman
speaks — troubles produced not by this Kansas
bill, but by the mischievous designs and reck-
less purposes of those who, in their efforts to
defeat the quiet and peaceful operation of the
sound purposes of that bill, have for some time
been engaged in their unholy work of attempting
to get up civil war in the country, and can now
shout in applause at even the most distant pros-
pect of success.
This, sir, is the work of that class of restless
malcontents, who have for years been endeavor-
ing to produce a sectional conflict in this country;
who have no regard for the constitutional equality
of the States of this Union; who repudiate the
most sacred obligations of that compact which
binds us together, and who have proclaimed that
the Constitution itself is a league with death and
a covenant with hell! How far they shall be
Eermitted to go on with their work until checked
y a sound reactive public sentiment—how far
they shall get sympathy and cooperation from
those whom they are now attempting to mislead
—how far they may be successful in their long
cherished wish for civil strife, I cannot say. That
is a problem for the future to settle; that depends
upon the virtue, intelligence, and integrity of the .
people. But that they ought not to succeed—that
they ought not only to be discouraged, but rebuked
and condemned in every part of this country, and
by every man who has a spark of patriotism in
his bosom, as well in the North as in the South,
I this day maintain. But the gentleman from
Ohio says all this comes from the Kansas bill.
How ? In what way ?
What is there wrong in that Kansas measure ?
It has been said that it is a fraud. It has been said
that it is the greatest of iniquities. It has been said
that it is a crime against God. It has been said
that it is a crime against nature. Well, sir, what
is this fraud, this iniquity, this crime against
nature and against God? It is the simple decla-
ration of theprinciple that the people of the Ter-
ritories of Kansas and Nebraska—the pioneer
freemen there—our own brothers in flesh and !
blood—going there frdm every State of the Union,
for the purpose of settling that distant frontier—
there to build up new homes for themselves and
their posterity—should have the right, without
limitation or restriction from any quarter, save
the Constitution of the United States, to form
and mold just such institutions for their own
government as they pleased—a right which lies
at the foundation of all our State governments,
and upon which the whole Republic, in its several
parts? is builtand established. This is the fraud,
this is the iniquity, this is the great crime of
crimes, the security to the people of the Terri-
tories of the right of self-government under the
Constitution. The aipouRt of the crime is, that!
freemen shall be permitted .to jjnske  uoh consti- |
tutions, republican in form, for their own govern-
ment, without dictation or control from any other
power, as they please. Tell it wherever you go,
that this was the monstrous outrage committed
by an American Congress in 1850, the middle of
the nineteenth century, on the Territories of Utah
and New Mexico, and repeated by the same
body in 1854, on the Territoriesof Nebraska and
" bleeding Kansas!" This is the whole of it—
nothing more and nothing less. These troubles
we now hear of—these efforts to get up civil war 
these shouts at the announcement that civil war
has already commenced—are but part and parcel
of that spirit which animated a portion, ana only
a portion, of the opposition to the Kansas bill,
during the pendency of that measure in this
House. That same spirit at the North that had
so bitterly opposed the establishment of this great
principle of territorial policy in 1850 coula not
beat the idea of its being carried out in the future.
I recollcct very well, sir, that while the Kansas
bill was progressing here, a newspaper in the
city of New York, edited by a man of great
ability, untiring energy and industry, and who is
now the head and front—the animating spirit of
the present opposition, and civil war champion's
undertook to lecture this House as to our duty
in regard to that bill. We were told then by him
what an enormous wrong it would be; and when
the measure was about to pass an editorial in that
paper reached here, from which I wislj to present
some extracts, to show that it is the same spirit
now at work:
" We urge, therefore, unbending determination on the
part of the northern members hostile to this intolerable
outrage, and demand of them, in behalf of peace—in behalf
of freedom—in behalf of justice and humanity—resistance
to the last. Better that confusion should ensue—betterlhat
discord should reign in the national councils—better that
Congress should break up in wild disorder—nay, better that
the Capitol itself should blaze by the torch of the incendiary,
or fall and bury all its inmates beneath its crumbling ruins,
than'that this perfidy and wrong should be finally accom-
plished."
This is the language of the New York Tribune
in reference to the Kansas bill a few days before
it passed. Yes, sir, even then that editor declared
that it was better that this Capitol should be burnt
by the torch of an incendiary—better that the
Government should go into dissolution, than that
the people colonizing and settling Kansas and
Nebraska should be just as- free as the people of
New York, or, as he states it, than that this act
of perfidy and wrong should be finally accom-
plished. What wrong did the act contain? Wrong
to whom ? to whom was there anything in it either
wrong orunjust? Was it wrong to the people of
the South, one large section of the Union, to per-
mit them to enjoy an equal and fair participation
of the public domain purchased by the common
blood and common treasure of all ? Was it wrong
orunjust to permit the people of New York, Mas-
sachusetts, and other States of the North going
into a new Territory, to be as free there as they
were in their native homes? Was it wrong or
unjust to allow all from all the States, who might
be disposed to quit the old States, and seek to
better their fortunes by cutting down the forests
of the West, turning up its virgin soil, and making
the wilderness to blossom as the rose, to enjoy
the same rights which their fathers did in the
early formation of all our present State constitu-
tions and governments? Whom, I say, did the
bill wrong? To whom did it deal any injustice ?
Was it the slave, the African, whom his southern
master might take there ? How could it be unjust
even to him? Is not his condition as much bet-
tered by new lands and virgin soils as that of his
master? Is not expansion of that portion of
southern population quite as necessary for their
comfort and well-being as it is for the whites ?
Would you keep them hemmed in in their
present limits, until subsistence shall fail,and
starvation shall effect the objects of a misguided
humanity ?
Without stopping here to say a word upon the
subject of southern society, and the relation which
the negro there sustains to the white man, either
as to the necessity of that relation, or its wisdom
or propriety, does it work any wrong or injury
to the slave to take him from old lands to new
lands? Is nothis condition bettered by the change?
And have we not new lands enough for all? Your
Topeka convention, which formed the pretended
