1460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
I call the attention of the House to these facts.
I trust that members will give to them that con-
sideration to which they are entitled, and that
gentlemen will reflect whether or not they ought
to vote these immense amounts of the money of
their constituents for the benefit of the Territo-
ries and their inhabitants.
But in addition'to all this, I call attention to
the third clause of the seventh section of the bill
which was up this morning, for the purpose of
organizing a State government for the Territory
of Oregon, which undertakes to donate to that
Territory an immense amount of public lands—
what their value may be I do not know—for the
purpose of completing the public buildings in
that Territory. Thus we are to vote them $112,000
in money first, and then lands, which are, after
all, but the representatives of the public money
of the country. I again appeal to the members
of this House to look into this matter, and decide
whether they will check this thing now, or allow
it to go on to an indefinite extent ?
Mr. WHITFIELD. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Strike out all after the enacting clause anil insert:
That the sum of $30,0u0 each be, and the name is herpliy,
appropriated out of any money m the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior for the erection of a peniten-
tiary at the capitals of Kansas and Nebraska Terriloi ten ■
Provided, The penitentiaries ai'oiesau! shall he bruit and
completed, including cost of uites, /'or the sums herein ap-
propuatcil.
*
I do not desire to detain the House a moment.
I understand that it has been the custom of Con-
gress to appropriate certain amounts of money
for the purpose of building a penitentiary in each
Territory. I believe that this House will do the
same justice to the Territory of Kansas, as it
will to the other Territories of this Government.
I have been absent, as is known to most gentle-
men here, and on account of my absence I had
not the opportunity of introducing a bill for the
same purpose as that introduced by the Delegate
from Nebraska. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to extending the same liberality towards
Kansas as towards Nebraska.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like to
inquire of the chairman of the Committee on Ter-
ritories why he includes in the appropriation the
cost of sites? Dors not all the land in rhe Ter-
ritories belong to the Government ? Has the
Government ever sold one foot of it? And if it
has not sold it, of course it cannot buy it from
anybody.
Air. GROW. I suppose that the use of the
word "site" dors not hurt it at all. It is used so
as to prevent the asking any further appropria-
tion on account of th<* penitentiary.
Mr. JONICS. We know the facility of evading
such a proposition as that. They may commence
a penitentiary on such a site as to cost two or
three hundred thousand dollar*, giving ^0,000
for a site perhaps, and then come back and ask
for a further appropriation.
Mr. WHITFIELD. Under the act of 1854,
organizing Kansas and Nebraska, various town
sites were laid out; and lots have been sold and
become vested rights. It may be that the com-
missioners to locate the penitentiary may desire
to select certain town lots belonging to individ-
uals, and may want to buy some of those lots.
But gentlemen need not apprehend that there is
any danger of $20,000 being paid for a site for a
penitentiary. It is true that you may go upon
Government lands and find a sue; but yet, a pen-
itentiary should be located within some town site
where 
Mr. JONES. Well, I suppose that there are
public lands at least contiguous to every town in
Kansas and Nebraska, which are not taken up
by preemption. Now I am one of those who
cannot sec the propriety of taking the money
from the Treasury of the United States and
making either capitols to legislate in, or penitcn-,
fianes to secure and punish criminals in, in the \
Territories. They can get along there while in '
the territorial condition, I should think, as the!
government is temporary, with temporary build-
ings; and when they become? States, or before
they become States, if they require these build-
ings, they have the taxing power. This thin«-
of a penitentiary is certainly a domestic institu*
tion of the Territory, and they should, I think,
in the exercise of their rights and powers, levy
the tax and erect their own penitentiaries. I
cannot subscribe to this doctrine of taking the
money of all the people of the country, and ap-
propriating it to the exclusive benefit of a few
people in a Territory. I am opposed to the
whole system of erecting public buildings in the
Territories.
Mr. GROW. I certainly have no objection to
dispensing with the use of the word " site" in
this bill, but I cannot see the force of the gentle-
man's objection to it. Preemption rights are, of
course, rights as valid as any other. Even although
the Government may not have sold any of the
lauds, it has fixed its preemptions. We want to
prevent them from coming here and asking us to
appropriate for the purchase of a site for the
building. We intend that no other appropriation
will be made by Congress for this purpose. If
the gentleman from Tennessee desires to have
the word "site" stricken out, we ccrtainly have
no objection.
Now, a word in relation to the amendment of
the Delegate from Kansas. The reason why we
did not report a bill for the erection of a peniten-
tiary in Ivansas is this: The Committee on Ter-
ritories believed that the measure of relief to
which Kansas was entitled was to admit her as
a State. They believed that we should let her
people govern themselves, build their own jails
and court-houses, and take care of their own do-
mestic affairs. We, therefore, did not propose
to build a penitentiary in Kansas. A bill is set
down for to-morrow to admit her as a State, and
after to-morrow we shall know whether she is to
be admitted as a State or not. I, therefore, am
opposed to the amendment of the Delegate from
Kansas, if the billadmittingher as a State pass,
then it will be unnecessary to adopt this amend-
ment. 1 would propose, however, to amend the
bill by inserting, after the word " penitentiary,"
the words, " at such place as shall be designated
by the Legislature of the Territory at their next
session."
The CHAIRM AN. There is an amendment
to an amendment pending.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I hope the chairman of
the Committee on Territories will not bo so illib-
eral as to try to exclude the Territory of Kansas.
Even although you will admit her to be a State
to-morrow, are you not disposed to be as liberal
towards heras towards any other Territory ? She
is not a State now, and under the constitution
under which you propose to admit her, it would
be partial and illiberal if you were to refuse to
erect her penitentiary. I ask you, in the name
of God, do not be disposed to cut off Kansas,
and leave her standing differently from the
other Territories, under the tutelage of this Gov-
ernment. Although she may be admitted to-
morrow under the bill before the House, she is
entitled to an appropriation for the purpose of
building her penitentiary. Now, I admit that
thrv aie a quiet, peaceable people out there, and,
perhaps, there maybe no need of a penitentiary;
still, it is our right, and as it is our right, and as
you have given it to all other Territories, I hope
you will not be less liberal to Kansas than to all
other Territories.
Mr. WALKER. I have examined the original
bill, and the amendment proposed by the Delegate
from Kansas; and, while 1 am disposed to second
his wishes so far as to securc an appropriation
for the Temtory of Kansas, 1 would respectfully
suggest to him an alteration of his amendment.
It strikes me that the grammatical structure of
his amendment is such as to, perhaps, defeat the
object he has in view. I think that, if the bill
were amended as he proposes, it might give rise
to some difficulty in construction. If"I remember
rightly, houses the word " each" in an improper
place; and, for the purpose of putting that mater
beyond question, I would ask him to accept this
in lieu of his amendment;
fctec. 2. 13e it further eauitcd, That tile s«in of $30,000
lie, and the ^rune is hescbj, appropriated to btjild a peniten-
tiary til the Teiritoiy of Kansas, undei the same conditions
at; are contained in tlie pioyi&oed ot the first section of this
act.
I think the committee will, on examining the
amendment of the Delegate from Kansas, find
that it certainly has this grammatical objection;
and I think that, when you legislate on these
matters, you had better be careful to avoid ally
objection on that ground.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I have no objection to
the amendment of my friend from Alabama. I
am willing; to accept it in lieu of the one I offered.
Mr. STEPHENS called for tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Nichols
and Todd were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 44, noes 70; no quorum voting.
[Cries of " Call the roll!"]
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The count just
taken shows that no quorum has voted. I sub-
mit, therefore, that the Chair cannot entertain the
motion that the committee rise. The rule is im-
perative that the roll shall be called.
Mr. NICHOLS. No quorum voted, but it ia
very evident that there is a quorum in the Hall.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That makes no
difference.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask that the rule be read.
The rule was read, as follows:
" Whenever the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, or the Committee of the Whole House, finds
itself without a quorum the Chairman shall cause the roll of
the llou e to be called, and thereupon the committee shall
rise, and the Chairman shall leport the names of the ab-
sentees;, whieh shall be entered on the Journal."
Mr. STEPHENS. That rule, I submit, only
directs the proceedings in committee, in case the
committee continues in session; but did not super-
sede the great parliamentary right of the commit-
tee to rise at any time. The rule prescribes the
duty of the committee, when the committee does
not rise, to have the roll of the House called, and
the names of the absentees entered oil the Journal;
but does not interfere with the great parliamentary
right to move at any time that the committee rise.
AJr. JONES. That rule was adopted for the
purpose of securing a quorum of members when
the House is in committee, and in order that, if
they would not remain here, their names might
be reported to the House,and entered on the Jour-
nal. If we are to evade the rule by moving to
rise whenever we ascertain that there is not a
quorum, the rule had better be stricken out.
Mr. STEPHENS. The rule applies when the
committee refuses to rise. Then they are to call
the roll, and have the names entered on the Jour-
nal. If the majority desire to rise, it is theirright
to do so, and the rule does not contravene that
great parliamentary right. A motion to adjourn
is always in order; and a motion to rise is equiv-
alent to a motion to adjourn.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is advised that
the practice of the committee is different from that
suggested by the gcn#eman from Georgia; and it
is deposed to adhere to that practice. Therefore,
th#  Chair decides that there must be a call of the
roll.
Mr. STEPHENS. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. I put this case to the Chair and to
the committee. Suppose the committee finds
itself without a quorum: the roll is called—there
is still no quorum; must the roll be again called?
The Chair decides that, when there is no quorum,
the committee cannot rise; and under that decis-
ion, a minority could keep the House here all
night.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Georgia moves that the committee rise. The
Chair decides the motion out of order, for the
reason that, there not being a quorum present on
the last vote, the roll must be called. From that
decision the gentleman from Georgia appeals,
The question is, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?
Mr. McMULLIN. Can less than a quorum
docide 011 a question of order?
The CHAIRMAN. It can be ascertained
whether or not a quorum is present, by taking
the question by tellers.
Mr. X'LAGLER. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ball and
Florence were appointed.
Mr. SMITH. Can anything be done except
to call the roll ?
Mr. FLORENCE. It is possible that there is
a quorum present, and a tote by tellers will de-
termine the fact.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 102, noes 35.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. STEPHENS moved that the committee
r.fie; which motion was agreed to.
