LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
rUBLIC ACTS OF THE THIETY-FOURTH CONGRESS
of the
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the First Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on Monday,
the 3d day of December, 1855, and ended on Monday, the \8th day of August, 1856.
Franklin Pierce, President; Jesse D. Bright, President of the Senate pro tempore; Nathaniel P. Banks, Jr., Speaker
" of the House of Representatives.
Public, I.—in Act to relieve the Commissioner of
Pennons from the performance of certain Clerical
Duties.
Be it cnucted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives uf the United States of America in Congress
assembled. Tliat the Commissioner of Pensions is
hereby Authorized, with the approval of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, to appoint such person as
may from tmiu to time be thought proper to sign
the'namo of such Commissioner of Pensions to
certificates or warrants for bounty land: and all
such certificates or warrants so signed shall be as
valid, to all intents and purposes, as if signed by
said Commissioner.
Approved, February 20, 1856.
Public, II.—An Act authorizing the Secretary of
the T/easary to change the names of Vessels in cer-
tain cases.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America 01 Congress
assembled < That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
end hereby is. authorized to permit the owner or
owners of any vessel to change the name of the
s?me, when, in his opinion, there shall be suffi-
cient cause for so doing; and he may estaolish
such rules and tegulatioiis as he shall deem proper
for that purpose.
Approved, March 5, 1856.
Public, IV.—Jin Act relating to Punishment in the
Penitentiary.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hovse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States oj America in Congress ; ■
assembled, That where any judicial district has
been, or may hereafter be, divided,the circnitand ;
district courts of the United States shall have j
power to sentence any one convicted of an offense
punishable by imprisonment and hard labor, to
the penitentiary within the State, though it be
out of the judicial district in which the conviction ,
is had. _ i
Sec. 2. And be itfurthrr enacted, That the said j'
courts in the noithern district of Ohio and in the
northern district of Illinois be authorized to trans-
fer to the penitentiary of the respective States any
prisoner or prisoners who may now be confined
in jail in either district, whose offense by law is
punishable by confinement to hard labor in the
penitentiary.
Approved, March 28, 1856.
Pubi.ic, III.—Jn Act to define the Jurisdiction
of thtr District and Circuit Courts of the United
States Jor the District of Last Tennessee.
/>;■ it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of «.2m< rica in Congress
asstiubled, That the jurisdiction of the disfnct
and circuit <ourts of the United States f>>r the
eastern distiiel of Tennessee hi-, and the same
is liftcby, iheiai\d to extend to and include tne
following: counties of said State, to wit* Ander-
son, Blount, Bradley, Campbell, Car-
ten, Chihome, Cocke, Grainier, Greene, Haw-
kins, Hamilton, Hancock, Jeflerson, Johnson,
Knox, McMinn, Mei^s, Mauon, Monroe, Mor-
gan, Polk, lthea, Roane, Sevier, Scott, Sullivan,
Washington, Union, and Cumberland; and any
new county winch may hereafter be tormed out ■
of the Territory of one or more of said counties
shall he included in said jurisdiction.
Approved, March 19, 1856.
34th Com;.—1st Skss.— 1
Public, V.-—An Jet to continue temporarily the
Land Office rs at Kalamazoo, in the State of Michi-
gan, and at Palmyra, in the State of Missouri,
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- \
sentatires of the United States of America ill Congress j
assembled. That the oflicers of register and re- 1
ceiver of the land office at Kalamazoo, in the
State of Michigan, and the office itself, shall be ,
continued until such time as, in the opinion ot i
the President, the same can be discontinued with- j
out prejudice to the public liiteiest. And that ,
until that time, the act of Congress approved '
June twelfth, eighteen hundred and forty, shall j
not apply to the said office or officers. j
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
compensation of the said register and receiver
shall be allowed them agreeably to law. during the
tune of discontinuance under the existing order. .
Sec. 3. •hid he it further enacted. That the
provisions of sections one and two of tins act ate
hereby made applicable to the land office at Pal-
myra," iii the State of Missouri, and the ugister
and receiver thireof.
A I'psn\ i,i!, April 5, 1856.
Pcelic. VI.—An Act to constitute fkf_ Cities of^
Hannibal,,Missouri, and Peoria, Illinois, Ports of
Delivery.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Srpre-
\ sentatires of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the city of Hannibal, in the State
of Missouri, shall be, and is hereby, constituted
a port of delivery, annexed to and made a part of
the collection district of New Orleans, nml shall
be subject to the same regulations and restrictions
as other ports of delivery m the United States;
and all the privileges and facilities afforded by the
act of Congress of the second March, eighteen
hundred and thirty-one, entitled " An act allow-
ing the duties on "foreign merchandise imported
into Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville,
St. Louis, Nashville, and Natchez, to be secured
and paid at those places," shall be, and are here-
by, extended to said port. A surveyor of the
customs shall be appointed to reside at said port,
and perform the duties prescribed by law, and
shall receive, in full compensation for his services,
a salary of one thousand dollars per annum.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That Peoria,
in the State of Illinois, be, and is hereby, consti-
tuted a port of delivery within the collection dis-
trict of New Orleans, and there shall be appointed
a surveyor of the customs for such port, who shall
be resident thereat. Said surveyor shall perform
the duties and receive the salary and emolument's
prescribed by the act of Congress approved on
the second day of March, eighteen hundred and
thirty-one, entitled "An act allowing the duties
on foreign merchandise imported into Pittsburg,
Wheeling, Cincinnati, St. Louis, Nashville, and
Natchez, to be secured and paid at those places.''
Approved, April 5, 1856.
Pl-blic, VII.—An Act making Appropriations for
restoring and maintaining the peaceable disposition
of the Indian Tiibes on the Pacific, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of three hundred thousand
dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated
out of any moneys ill the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to "be expended under the direction
of the President of the United States, for restor-
ing and maintaining the peaceable disposition of
the Indian tribes on the Pacific.
Six. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of on" hundred and twenty thousand dollars be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated out ot any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, "for the purchase of gunpowder for the Pa-
cific coast.
Approved, April 5, 1S56.
