736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26.
praying for the establishment of a mail route from
Bethlehem to Bath, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, a petition of citizens of Bucks county,
Pennsylvania, praying1 for the establishment of
a mail route from Bristol to Dolington, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee oil
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WELLER presented the memorial of Fran-
cis A. Cunningham, a paymaster in the Army,
praying to be released from responsibility for a
sum of public money of which he was robbed,
while stationed at Santa Fe, in New Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. GEYER presented the petition of Isaac H.
Sturgeon, assistant treasurer of the United States
at St. Louis, Missouri, praying for the reim-
bursement of money paid by him for clerk hir$,
and to be allowed an additional clerk in his office;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Also, the momoiiul of Anthony S. Robinson,
only surviving heir-at-law of Dr. John Hamilton
Robinson, a citizen of the United States, praying
for the appointment of a new commission for the
reexamination of his and other claims against the
Mexican Government, rejected by the late board,
and for the payment of such claims as may be
found to be legally due; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MASON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Virginia, accompanied by a copy
of a message of tho Governor of that State, on
the subject of the unsatisfied bounty land scrip
claims of citizens of Virginia, and in favor of
the settlement of those claims; which was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of L. E.
Truesdelljiii behalf of himself and his associates,
praying for a grant of public lands to enable them
to construct a wagon road and a telegraphic line
from the Mississippi river to San Francisco, in
California; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and X^ost Roads.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of Eliza
E. Ogden, widow of E. A. Ogdon, deceased, late
a paymaster in the Army, praying to he allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. BUTLER presented the petition of Wil-
liam Bell, praying to be allowed arrears of pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. DURKEE presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying that the public lands may
be granted in limited quantities to actual settlers,
not possessed of other lands; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the mcmoihil of John Enes^on, on the
files of the Senate, If rWcriod to the Com t of Claims
On motion by Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, it
was
Oi'tcri'rf That lea^e be gi anted to withdraw tho pipers on
tho tiios of tho Senate, relating to the claim of R. L. ttlan.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordned, That the widow of Geoice \V. F. Wood have
leave to witlidtaw her p.-tmorj and papers, for the puipose
of preheating them to the Court ol Claim*.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordrred, That the petition of Brevet Major E. B. Bab-
bit! , the petition ot Captain James G. ilenton ; and the peti-
tion or Biever Mamr Jame*. Lmigxtieet, on the file^ ol the
Senate, he refened to the Committee on Military AlVairs.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to print
five hundred additional copies of the report of the
Committee on Military Affairs, on the joint reso-
lution for the presentation of a sword to Colonel
Benjamin S. Roberts, have had the subject under
consideration, and a majority of the committee
report in favor of the printing.
Mr. STUART. I wish to make an inquiry of
the honorable Senator from Alabama, as to a
point which I think will relieve us from the diffi-
culty that we have been debating for tvvo or three
days past. T desire to know the expense of this
printing. If, whenever we have before us a prop-
osition to print any documents, we shall ascer-
tain the cost of the work, and determine that
question in the outset, we shall relieve ourselves
in future of the whole difficulty which we have
been spending two or three days in speaking
about. I presume the Senator from Alabama can
inform me as to the cost of the printing now pro-
posed.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have sent for the
superintendent to make an estimate of the cost,
but I have not yet been able to procure his attend-
ance. The amount cannot be much. The doc-
ument proposed to be printed is the report of a
committee, embracing a few letters.
Mr. HUNTER. Perhaps it would be better
to let the motion lie on the table for the present.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will inform
the Senator from Alabama, that by a late amend-
ment to the rules, the Committee on Printing are
required to report the probable cost of doing any
work which they recommend.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. It was adopted in my
absence. I was not aware of the alteration in the
rule. I am willing, however, that the proposi-
tion shall lie on the table for the present, until
we can obtain an estimate of the exact cost of the
work.
The PRESIDENT. That course will be pur-
sued.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have prepared a resolu-
tion on this general subject, which is suggested
by the debate that occurred yesterday. I submit
the resolution for consideration; I do not ask for
action on it at present:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of pi ovuling by legislation
that no pieater number of documents, reports, and other
matter, be punted than may be required by either branch of
Congress m the performance ot its legr.lative or executive
duties, unless by virtue of a joint resolution of both Houses,
ordeung the punting of an extra liuinbei of copies.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom were referred four petitions of
citizcns of Michigan, praying for a grant of public
lands in aid of railroads, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration, and that they
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on Commerce, to
whom were referred resolutions of the Legislature
of Kentucky, in relation to the tobacco trade,
asked to be discharged from their further consid-
eration, and that they be referred to the Committee
011 Foreign Relations; which was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judicial y, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of the special agents
of the State of Maryland, and resolutions of the
Legislature of that State, respecting the claims for
advances by her to the United States m 1791 and
179:2, and that they be referred to the Committee
on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from theCommittee on Com-
merce, to whom was reierred the bill for contin-
uing and completing the improvement of Red
river at the raft, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom wjs referred n bill
for the relief of Richard Albntton, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred a bill to amend
an act entitled " An act to provide for the pay-
ment of horses and other property lost or de-
stroyed in the military service of the United
States, "approved March 3, 1849, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred tho petition
of Joseph Wanderstrand, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill to confirm Joseph Wander-
strand m his title to certain lands. The bill was
read a first time and ordered to a second reading;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Joseph Smith, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief. The bill was read a first time and ordered
to a second reading; and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
William B. Trotter, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief. The bill was read
a first time and ordered to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PUGH, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, who were instructed by a resolution of tho
Senate to inquire into the propriety of allowing
appeals from the district courts in Florida to a cir-
cuit court, reported a bill to authorize the circuit
court of the United States for the southern dis-
trict of Georgia to entertain appeals and grant
writs of error in certain cases; which was read
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
memorial of Randall D. Livingston, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill, lor his relief. The
bill was read a first time and ordered to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Cephise Pisoros, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for the
relief of Cephise Piseros, widow of Louis La-
branchc, of the parish of St. Charles, and State
of Louisiana. The bill was read a first time and
ordered to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that
they had passed the bill of the Senate (S. No.
6) relating to punishment in the Penitentiary,
without amendment.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. BUTLER submitted the following reso-
lutions; which were considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed tor
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Iload*, be mstiucied to inquiie into the expediency of
discontinuing to the members of Congress their lianking
privilege; and that in lieu theieof, they hi allowed 
dollars, to enable them to transmit through the mail? such
letters, communications, papers and packages, as they may
think proper.
Resolved, That said committee, should they think proper,
be authorised to tepoit a bill regulating the rates of postage
on the papers and packages aforesaid.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. MASON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the act
approved August 31, 1852, entitled " An act
making further provision for the satisfaction of
Virginia military land warrants."
JOINT RESOLUTION INTRODUCED.
Mr. MASON, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint res-
olution to amend the act of March 1, 1855, enti-
tled <( An act to remodel the diplomatic and con-
sular system of the United States;" which was
read the first and second times by unanimous
consentyreferrod to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
^ DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. It is very important that we
should dispose of the deficiency bill to-day; and
therefore I now move to postpone all jmor ordeis
for tho purpose of taking it up.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumed
the consideration of the bill from the House of
Representatives (H R. No. 68) to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the /Service of the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1856; the
pending question being on the fallowing amend-
ment offered by Mr. Bayard from the Committee
on Public Buildings:
For finishing the portico and exterior of the west wing of
the Patent Oltice building, to pay the i enervation due, put
up the non milium, and lay down the necessary flagguig and
pavements, $150,000.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, this amend-
ment was reported by the instruction of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings, and it is opposed by
the honorable Senator from Virginia, the repre-
sentative of the Committee on Finance, on the
ground that though it may be a proper appro-
priation in itself, it is not in its proper place in
the deficiency bill. I presume that the origin of
these deficiency bills has been the result of the
prolongation of the first session of each Congress;
whether necessarily or unnecessarily is a ques-
tion of individual judgment. They can have
arisen from no other cause. The fiscal year ends
on the 1st of July, and appropriations running up
