1462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
States, if any there shall be, and the remainder
only is to be paid to him, not exceeding $457 29.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
BRITISH SHIP RESOLUTE.
Mr. MASON. In pursuance of a notice given
yesterday, I now ask leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 22) authorizing the purchase
and restoration to the British Government of the
ship Resolute, late of the British navy. I ask
that the resolution may be read at large, as that
will disclose its object; and then, unless some
Senator objects, I shall ask for its consideration
at this time.
The joint resolution was read a first time, and
ordered to a second reading. Its preamble re-
cites that it has become known to Congress that
the ship Resolute, late of the navy of her Ma-
jesty the Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, on
service ill the Arctic seas, in search of Sir John
Franklin and the survivors of the expedition
under his command, was rescued and recovered
those seas by the officers and crew of the
American whaling ship the George Henry, after
the Resolute had been necessarily abandoned in
the ice by her officers and crew, and after drifting
in the ice for more than one thousand miles from
the place where she was abandoned; and that she
has been brought to the United States by the sal-
vors at great nslc and peril, and has been gener-
ously relinquished to them by her Majesty's
Government. In token of the deep interest felt
in the United States for the service m which this
ship was engaged, and of the sense entertained
by Congress ot the act of her Majesty's Govern-
ment in surrendering it to the salvors, the reso-
lution requests the President of the United States
to cause the ship, with all her armaments and
equipments, and the property on board when she
arrived in the United Stales, to be purchased of
her present owners, and to be fully repaired and
equipped at one of the navy-yards of the United
States, and then sent back to England under the
direction of the Secretary of the Navy, with a
request to her Majesty's Government that the
United States may be allowed to restore the ship.
I*or the purchase of the ship and her appurte-
nances, it is proposed to appropriate $40,000, or
so much of that sum as may lie required.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, there was an
informal conversation between the honorable
Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Poster] and my-
self, a few days since, when he proposed that a
register should be issued for this vessel, in order
to make her an American ship. In the course of
that conversation, that honorable Senator was
good enough to withdraw his proposition m
order that I might introduce this, which meets
his concurrence, authorizing the purchase of that
ship by the Government of the United States,
with a view to restore her to the Government of
England. The history connected with her is
known doubtless to the Senate, and I will refer
to it in a very few words.
The ship Resolute was a part of the British
navy—one of the naval ships of the dueen of Eng-
land.^ She was sent on an expedition to the Arctic
seas in the year 1852, with a view to make further
explorations in search of that great and distin-
guished navigator, Sir John Franklin. On her
arrival there, it seems (as ships are likely to bo
in those seas) she was imprisoned in the ice,
and remained so for a period of nearly two years.
The officers and crew from necessity abandoned
her, as ships were abandoned by our navigator,
Dr. Kane. She was abandoned ill Barrow's
Straits—I think in the spring of 1854—when
one of our whalemen from Connecticut, com-
manding the whaler George Henry, who had j
out barely commenced his whaling voyage in |
those seas, discovered her still in the ice, but in !
floating ice, and it appears now at a distance of i
some twelve hundred miles from the place where I
gie had been abandoned sixteen months before, i
The captain of the whaleman, in the exercise of
his discretion, and in justice to his crew and to
the owners of his vessel, thought it best, as the
ship was found m a state of perfect preservation,
although so long abandoned, to discontinue his
voyage in order to act as salvor of that ship.
He divided his crew, put (en men on board the
rescued ship, leaving fifteen only on board the
whaler, with instructions to return home, and at
great peril and risk he brought the British ship
to New London last fall. It occurred to me at
the time, (and I feel myself authorized to say
such was the opinion of the Executive Govern-
ment,) that that proper national courtesy which
should be extended from our country to Great
Britain required that we should interpose by
paying the salvage justly due to the salvors of
the ship—she remaining then a British ship, as
she would have been—so as to have enabled this
Government to return her to England. But her
Majesty's Government, with a degree of high
generosity, has relinquished all claim of the Brit-
ish Government to the salvors, whereby she has
become their absolute property.
In that condition the honorable Senator from
Connecticut proposed that a register should be
issued to make her an American ship. As I
have said, with his entire approbation and con-
currence I offer, in lieu of that proposition, the
joint resolution which has been react, and which
gives authority to the President to purchase the
ship, with all the property, public or private, that
was on board of her at the time when she was
brought into port by the salvors, to have Im-
properly equipped and refitted atone of our navy-
vards, and to send her in naval charge back to
England, with a request on the part of this Gov-
ern'nent that she maybe restored to her Majesty's
service.
Ill inquiring into the proper price to be paid for
the ship, which T did, also, through the kind in-
strumentality of the honorable Senator from
Connecticut, we have obtained a letter from the
owner, which shows, in my judgment, satisfac-
torily, that the price at which she is offered is not
the value of the ship, in fact; although, probably,
as full a price as could lie obtained for her as a
merchant ship. But it does not carry with it that
which, if I were at liberty, I confess, as a Senator,
I should be very willing to provide for—remuner-
ation to these men for the losses they have sus-
tained in rescuing this ship of a foreign Govern-
ment, and bringing her safely into port. The
resolution contains only an appropriation suffi-
cient to pay for the actual market value of the
ship, in her present condition. The owners, in a
letter to the Senator from Connecticut, say:
New f.oNmtN, Jinie It, 1 K"(i.
Dear Sir : * * We do not expect to obtain
for her any tiling like her oiiginal cost, which you are aware,
perhaps, was vuiy gioat. Our only expectation lias been,
to get lor her u bum approaching tier tost to us. Captain
Ituddington, on boarding the Resolute, thought it be^t, for
the owners ami crew of the, (Jcoige Henry, that he should
make her reeoveiy his fust object; and, to secuie it, aban-
doned he; whaling voyage, and the George Henry letnmed
to tiiia poit, witli but one hundred and thirty barrels of oil,
■nuking, m other words, a very considerable loss, as lar as
the object of the voyage was concerned.
We suppose that Congress, while tliev are not inclined to
pay an exorbitant sum foi the vessel, still do not wish to
buy her at less than a lair pnee. In that view we ofter the
ve. sel for the purpose named to the Government at $-10,000.
The expenses on the vessel befoie the matter is finally
settled, will probably amount to $4,000.
We think this a fair price for tile Government to pay.
We have offered tlie vessel, exclusive of her lading, for
$30,000.
We think there is an intrinsic valueon board of .^10,000,
which, of" course, the Government would wish to retain.
Everything belonging to the ship is, as brought to this port,
with some exceptions, of little value, not private property,
or pertaining to ttie peculiar character of ttie ship.
Very respectfully, your friends,
PERKINS & SMITH.
Hon. Ij. F. s. Fostkk, United States Senate, Washington.
The joint resolution appropriates $40,000, with
a request to the President to use so much of it as
may be found necessary to make the purchase.
I do not know that this ship will be of any very
great value to the British Government when re-
turned; but I feel strongly impressed with the
opinion that, as an act of national courtesy, it will
redound fo the character of our Government, and
will be very acceptable to the foreign Govern-
ment. I know it would be if a like courtesy were
extended to us. Unless some gentleman objects,
therefore, I shall ask for the present consideration
of the joint resolution.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made, the joint resolution will be read a
second time.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
No amendment being proposed, it was reported
to the Senate without amendment, and ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. FOSTER. I will say but a single word,
and it is, that I accord entirely with the statement
made by the honorable Senator from "Virginia in
regard to this resolution. It affords liie certainly
very great pleasure, as one of the representatives
from Connecticut, to find that this proposition
seems to meet the favor of the Senate, and that it
will, as I trust, be passed without opposition. It
is, as the honorable Senator from Virginia has so
well observed, an act of courtesy due to a foreign
Government, and peculiarly due under existing
circumstances.
In regard to this ship, there are certain circum-
stances that make it of peculiar value to the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain. It is the ship that was
enabled to communicate with the crew of another
ship belonging to the British Navy—the Investi-
gator—which went through Behring'a Straits,
intending to make the northwest passage in that
direction by sailing to the East; but, having got
locked in the ice, remained for two years in the
Bay of Mercy, I believe. While lying there, this
ship—the Resolute—by sending a party of men
across some two hundred miles, or thereabouts,
communicated with the Investigator and her
crew, commanded by Captain McClure, anil
brought those men from the Investigator, lying
in the Bay of Mercy, eastward to where the Res-
olute was lying. The northwest passage was
thus carried out practically 'by these two ships;
neither, however, having completed it by passing
through the water, but by the men passing through
over the ice on sledges. That circumstance gives
this ship peculiar value to the British Government;
and, under the circumstances, I cannot but hope
that the Senate will pass the resolution. It will,
I think, be worth to us, as a matter of economy,
to speak of nothing else, far more than it costs;
and, as an act of national courtesy, to promote
good feeling between two great nations, it is a
matter not to be estimated in money at all.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I would not
say one word on this occasion were it not for the
fact, that the salvors are my constituents. I think
their conduct on this occasion was such as to
entitle them, before the country,to the testimonial
from Congress which is embraced in this resolu-
tion. Their noble act of daring and perseverance,
characteristic of our seamen, is perhaps unpar-
alleled.
The resolution is also commended to my judg-
ment in the other branch of it. I think an act of
high national courtesy of this kind, expressing
the sentiments of the American people, cannot be
over estimated in its effect upon the relations be-
tween the two countries, in promoting a good
understanding, and in expiessing the feelings
which ought to prevail between these two great
and powerful nations. I give my thanks to the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations for bringing forward a proposition of
this kind, which I think must commend itself to
the sentiments of every American.
Mr. CLAYTON. I rise only for the purpose
of expressing my concurrence in the sentiments
which have been expressed by the gentlemen who
have preceded me. This is a courtesy which is
eminently worthy of us as a great nation. The
whole proposition, whatever may be thought of
the small amount of money that may be expended,
is eminently calculated to maintain amicable rela-
tions with Great Britain. I am decidedly in favor
of the measure; and I trust, as it is a measure
which will reflect honor on the Government of
the United States, that it will be recorded on our
Journals, that this resolution has been passed by
the unanimous vote of the Senate.
The joint resolution was passed unanimously.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, on Thursday
last I gave notice of a bill which was designed to
carry into faithful execution the organic act of
the Territory of Kansas. I now ask leave to in-
troduce that bill, and move that it be printed and
referred to the Committee on Territories. I for-
bear to make any remarks on the present occa-
sion, because I think the time of the Senate will
be better occupicd in attending to the bills which
are before us.
Leave was granted; and the bill (S. No. 351)
supplementary to an act to organize the Terri-
