THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 28, 1856.
New Series.. • .No. 47,
io that time are made at the preceding Congress.
Of late years it has become a habit to extend the
long session of Congress until the middle of Au-
gust, and even the beginning of September. Now,
we all know that the general appropriation bills
are never passed until just before the close of the
session; on this account the functions of the Gov-
ernment would be interrupted if some bill of this
kind were not passed, which should enable the
operations of the Government to be carried on by
temporary appropriations, made at an earlier day
than the passage of the ordinary appropriation
bills. I suppose this to have been the origin of
deficiency bills. We certainly pass none at the
short session; hence if we transacted our busi-
ness here, as I think it ought to be transacted, by
closing the long session of Congress on the 1st of
May or June, there would never be any necessity
for a deficiency bill.
The deficiency bill, in my judgment, is noth-
ing more than a temporary appropriation bill—
not confincd to any one Department. Its neces-
sity arises from the exigencies of the public ser-
vice, resulting from our own delay in not passing
the general appropriation bills before the com-
mencement of the fiscal year. For this reason,
whenever there is a necessity for the appropria-
tion of money in order to advance the interests
of the Government, or in consistency with the
requirements of public duty, such an item may
properly go into the deficiency bill.
The honorable Senator from Virginia admits
that the case of a great public work in progress,
which would be interrupted by not having a por-
tion of the appropriation made for its continua-
tion in a deficiency bill; before the general bill
could be passed, would be a proper case of ex-
ception to his practice. This case falls as pre-
cisely within that rule as the Washington aque-
duct appropriation, which was reported by the
Committee on Finance. Both arc public works
—I do not mean to speak of their relative import-
ance—but the Patent Office is a public building
which is necessary for the accommodation of the
officers of the Government intrusted with the per-
formance of certain public duties. You have
ordered the construction of this wing. This is
not a proposition to commence it; but the sum
proposed will complete it. No appropriation was
made last year. The appropriation now asked
for is neccssary, because the work has advanced
so far that there are reservations actually due
which ought to be paid, and because the money
already appropriated two years ago will not be
sufficient to carry on the work until your general
bills can be passed. If it be delayed until that
time, the consequence will be that your contract
with the contractors will bfe violated; all their
hands will have to be discharged as soon as the
appropriation ceases; and, finally, a work which
you can now complete for §150,000, will cost
you, probably, $50,000 or $100,000 more if you
refuse to make the appropriation at this time.
Is not this then a case which is perfectly appro-
priate to a deficiency bill ? Is it not a great public
work ? I should suppose that any building neces-
sary for the purposes of the Government, and to
accommodate its employes, was a great public
work. The question of its more or less import- j
ance, in comparison with other works, is not the j
point. The question is whether this is not a \
public work where the exigencies of the case j
require that, in order to guard the interests of the j
public, this money should be now expended. Is i
it wise, for the sake of a mere technical objection,
founded on the fact that this is called a deficiency
bill, to discharge all the men at work on this build-
ing, to break up your contract for the time being,
and let the summer season pass away, and the
completion of the west wing be postponed for
another year, when, by the delay, the work will
cost ^70,000 or £80,000 more than it will if the
appropriation be made now? All these facts I
base on the statement of the Secretary of the
Interior; and I have no doubt that they are all
true, and that this sum will be sufficient to com-
plete the building. It is nearly completed now;
47
and the existing appropriation will be entirely
gone by the 1st of June; and now at this moment,
on account of reservations made in the contracts,
there is money due to the parties who have per-
formed the work.
Under these circumstances, I cannot conceive
that in the whole deficiency bill a more proper
appropriation can be inserted than the one which
is now asked for. I have no interest in this matter
other than that which I feel in the performance
of my public duty. I think, however, that this
case falls as clearly and unquestionably within
the province of a deficiency bill as any item in it,
unless you suppose that the operations of the
Army of the United States are of more importance
than those of the civil service. I have no oppo-
sition to the Army. I am in favor of making all
proper and necessary appropriations for sustain-
ing it; but I do not think it is entitled to any
precedence whatever over service in the perform-
ance of civil functions. The sole question before
us is this: is it wise or proper for the Govern-
ment to suffer this work to be abandoned, at the
end of a month or two from this time, and then
to be resumed again at an increased cost; or is it
not better now to make this appropriation, which
will complete it; when by our own course of ac-
tion we always delay the general appropriation
bill so that the money cannot be used in time to
enable the contracts to be continued, if wc do not
vote it now?
Mr. HUNTER. I do not desire to say much
on this questioners 1 said yesterday evening,
my purpose is to make my point on this amend-
ment, and say nothing in regard to the others,
which the Senator from Delaware will propose.
Mr. BAYARD. I have not another one to
propose. The Senator misapprehends me en-
tirely. I said when I moved the amendment, that
it was the only one which 1 intended to propose,
because the other appropriations recommended
by the Secretary of the Interior, in the judgment
of the committee, were notproper for a deficiency
bill, and those which we rejected were to a greater
amount than those which were allowed. I have
none other to offer.
Mr. HUNTER. So far as regards that portion
of the appropriation which relates to actual defi-
ciencies, the payment of debts due, I admit it is
a proper amendment. If the Senator will confine
it to the payment of what is actually due, I am
willing that it should go on the bill; but he pro-
poses to do more. He proposes not only to appro-
priate for that purpose, but to appropriate to carry
on the building. I know, sir, that we shall have
to appropriate to carry it on at some time or
other; I believe that it is a very proper item for
the general bill; but I object to it here, because I
know that if this provision be inserted, we shall
have others of a similar character; and I believe,
as I said yesterday evening, that the deficiency
bill ou^ht to be confined to appropriations which
arc indispensable to the great arms of the public
service—the Army, the Navy, the Post Office,
and the Judiciary. I admit, too, that it is proper
to appropriate to carry out an existing law, if
enough has not already been appropriated to do
that; but it seems to me that when you go beyond
this, and appropriate to public works, merely
because there will be some convenience and some
saving of money by doing it, you cannot draw
the line. The same may be said of many other
public works, not only here, but elsewhere. If
this amendment shall be added to the bill, I am
afraid we shall have a series of amendments,
which will be advocated upon the same reasons
that are given for this, and we shall be engaged j
for a great deal longer time in the consideration i
of this bill. I know there is a pressing necessity \
for its passage. There are some items of appro- '
pnation m it which are required now; your i
Army requires it; the quartermaster's department |
requires it. Therefore I have risen to say, once !
for all, that I shall ask the yeas and nays to test'
the sense of the Senate on this matter. I do not
expect to say anything more in relation to such
amendments, for I am anxious to bring the bill to
a conclusion to-day, I hope the Senate will give
us the yeas and nays upon the amendment, whicn.
I hope will not be adopted, unless the Senator
from Delaware will confine it to the payment of
what is actually due. If he will do that, I think
it should properly go on the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think that it is
worth while to sacrifice substance to form. As
I happen to be a member of the Committee on
Patents, the Commissioner of Patents has called
upon me to say that, in his judgment, it is
exceedingly important that this appropriation
should be made at the present time, for the rea-
son whicll has been assigned by the Senator
from Delaware.
The objection which has been made by the
honorable Senator from Virginia, the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, is one that we always
hear in reference to these bills. The objection
arises as regularly as the bills come up, because
these propositions are always made. I took oc-
casion to say at a former time what I wish now
to repeat: that while I am willing to vote with
him, and support substantially the principle which
he advances as to all matters which can be post-
poned without absolute injury, yet I think that
where economy in the public service and other
considerations of equal importance require it, we
should not be deterred from making an amend-
ment simply because it is not exactly in place.
That rule might be applied to all our legislation
here; for, rather from the necessity of the case
than otherwise, we are obliged to do things out
of season and out of form, or not do them at all,
and suffer considerable injury by neglecting to do
them.
This wing of the Patent Office building has been
undertaken, of course, in pursuance of appro-
priations made for that purpose; and so far this
amendment is to carry out a legal object—an ob-
ject provided for by law. If this appropriation
be not made at the present time, the workmen
must be dischai'ged, the erection of the building
must be postponed. The Senator from Virginia
very well knows that the rooms in that building
are absolutely needed for the purposes of the
Government.
Mr. HUNTER. The gentleman will allow me
to ask, why will the workmen have to be dis-
charged? The work is done by contract; and a
refusal to make the appropriation now might de-
lay it, but I do not see how it would increase tho
expense.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have understood from
the Commissioner of Patents, on whose authority
I make the statement, (I presume it can be ex-
plained by the Senator from Delaware,) that delay
in making the appropriation would absolutely
occasion a loss of public money. Even if it is
not so (I presume it to be so, because he under-
stands the subjcct fully) it is necessary that
the building should be completed as soon as pos-
sible. Delay may defer its completion for a whole
season, because the men cannot work upon this
building at all periods of the year. Here is a case
where it is absolutely essential to the public ser-
vice that an appropriation should be made in the
spring rather than at the end of the summer, in
April rather than in August, September, or Octo-
ber, as the case may be; for we cannot tell when
the regular appropriations will be made in the
present state of things. Such being the fact, it
strikes me that it is neither good economy or good
sense to object to making this appropriation so
much needed, simply because it is not strictly in
place on the bill before the Senate.
But we are toldthatitis a dangerous precedent
to insert this provision in the present bill. Why,
sir, wc have all these matters under our control,
and it is to be presumed that we have some sense
and discrimination. It is very easy for us to dis-
tinguish between appropriations absolutely neces-
sary at the present time, and which cannot be
deferred without great inconvenience, and those
which may be deferred without any considerable
inconvenience or loss. I trust that the Senate
will take into consideration the peculiar meriu of
