1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1463
tories of Nebraska and Kansas, and to provide
for the faithful execution of the said act in the
Territory of Kansas, according to the true intent
' and meaning thereof, was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON. I fully concur in the pro-
priety of the reference of that bill; and I rise now
for the purpose of moving that a bill of the same
purport, which I had the honor to introduce to
the Senate a few days ago, may also be referred
to the same committtee.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
343) supplementary to an act to organize the
Territories of Nebraska and Kansas was accord-
ingly read the second time, and referred to the
Committee on Territories.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to take up the resolu-
tion which I offered some days since, fixing a
day for the adjournment of Congress. I have
named a day in that resolution; but if that time
does not satisfy the majority of the Senate, it can
t>e stricken out and some other inserted. I think
it important for the Senate to agree on some day
for the adjournment, and the sooner we do it the
better it will be for ourselves and for the country.
I therefore ask the Senate to consider that resolu-
tion now.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the resolution will lie
over until to-morrow, in order to give us some
Vimeto inquire into the manner in which the pub-
lic business stands.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 consent to that suggestion,
ind withdraw the motion for to-day.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BUTLER. As the time is approaching for
Ihe consideration of the order of the day, I move
that it be taken up. But, with the leave of my
friend from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] who has
the floor, 1 ask permission to make one remark
by way of personal explanation.
It has been supposed that I excluded some
troops who were present at Yorktown, in the
remarks which I made the other day. The omis-
sion has been brought to my attention. I then
laid:
" When Yorktown surrendered there was not a New
England regiment there."
I have a list before me of those who were there,
md all 1 ask is to present that list as a part of
my remarks, to explain what I meant in regard
to that matter.*
I find a return of the troops at Yorktown, Octo-
ber 2, 1781, as follows:
Infantry.—Muhlenberg's, Hazen's, Dayton's,
Clinton's, Wayne's, and Gist's brigades.
Arlilhrij.—Lamb's regiment and detachment;
£rst, third, and fourth regiments.
JHUitia.—Stevens's and Lawson's regiments.
Rifle corps.—Colonel Moyland's detachment;
Armand's legion; Major Nelson's corps.
The following regiments of Massachusetts and
Connecticut troops were, on the 29th of October,
1781, at Continental Village, in the vicinity of
New York, so that it was impossible for any of
them to have been at Yorktown:
First, second, third, fourth, and fifth regiments
of'Connecticut; first, second, third, fourth, fifth,
sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth regiments of
Massachusetts. Al! these troops were under the
command of Major General Heath.
I have seen a manuscript copy of a letter from
General Washington to the Governor of Virginia,
dated atNew Windsor, March 27,1781, in which
he says he cannot send more troops to the South,
for he hadn't them; The letter is an interesting
one, and the copy is in the possession of Colonel
Lee, of Maryland. Itis not to be found in Sparks s
Life of Washington; and, therefore, it is to be
presumed that it has not been published.
At page 270 of the first volume of Hamilton s
Works will be found this letter from General
Hamilton to the Marquis de La Fayette:
Camp before Yorktown, October 15,1781.
Sir : I have the honor to render you an account of the
corps under my command in your attack of last night upon
the redoubt on the left of the enemy's lines.
A"reeal>ly to your orders we advanced in two columns
with unloaded arms: the right composed of Lieutenant
Colonel Gnnat's battalion and my own, commanded by
Maior Fish: the left, of a detachment commanded by Lieu-
tenant Colonel Laurens, destined to take the enemy m
reverse, and intercept their retreat. The column on uie
right was preceded by a vanguard of twenty men, led by
Lieutenant Mansfield ; and a detachment of sappers and
miners, commanded by Captain Gilliiand, for the purpose
of removing obstructions.
The redoubt was commanded by Major Campbell, with
a detachment of British and German troops, and was com-
pletely in a state of defense.
The rapidity and immediate success of the assault are the
best comment on the behavior of the troops. Lieutenant
Colonel Laurens distinguished himself by an exact and vig-
orous execution of his part of the plan, by entering the en-
emy's work with his corps among the foremost, and making
prisoner the commanding officer of the redoubt. Lieuten-
ant Colonel Gimat's battalion, which formed the van of the
right attack, and which fell under my immediate observa-
tion, encouraged by the decisive and animated example of
their leader, advanced with an ardor and resolution supe-
rior to every obstacle. They were well seconded by Major
Fish, with the battalion under his command, who, when the
front of the column leached the abattis, unlocking his corps
to the left, as he had been directed, advanced with such
celerity as to arrive in time to participate m the assault.
KANSAS MR. SUMNER.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the spccial order, being the bill to authorize
the people of the Territory of Kansas to form a
constitution and State government, preparatory
to their admission into the Union when they
have the requisite population; when
Mr. HUNTER addressed the Senate at length,
directing his remarks chiefly to the consideration
of the Massachusetts resolutions concerning the
attack upon Mr. Sumner, and was listened to,
as he always is, with marked attention.
Mr. FOSTER obtained the floor; but, inasmuch
as his remarks would apply to Kansas matters
solely, he would yield to any Senator who de-
sired to speak on the subject then before it.
Mr. SEWARD then rose and addressed the
Senate at length in reply to Mr. Hunter; and
the debate was continued by Messrs. HUNTER,
BUTLER, and PEARCE until the hour of four
o'clock.
[See Appendix for the debate.]
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read a first and second time, and
referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 421) to change the times of
holding the United States courts in Tennessee—
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No. 197) to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to cause the southern
boundary line of Kansas Territory to be surveyed
and marked—to the Committee on Territories.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate ad-"
journed.  
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jane 25, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented the peti-
tion of Nancy Fisher, one of the heirs of John
Cliisom, deceased, a revolutionary soldier, pray-
ing to be allowed arrears of pension due to his
widow, Sarah Chisom, at the time of her death;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of Eliz-
abeth Moast, widow of John Moast, a revolu-
tionary soldier, praying to be allowed arrears of
pension; which was referred to the Committer \>n
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of J. A.
Brunner & Brothers, praying to be allowed com-
pensation for supplies furnished the Oregon vol-
unteers, during the Rogue river war; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of John
Etheridge, principal corresponding clerk in the
Navy Department, praying for compensation for
his services as superintendent of the southwest
executive building; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BROWN. The memorial of Joseph Hill
has been intrusted to my care, with a request that
I would present it to the Senate. Mr. Hill was
formerly an employe in the House of Represent-
atives, and afterwards enlisted in the Army of
the United States, served in Texas, and m one
of the engagements there, while in the active
discharge of his duty, lost his right arm. He is
now a Government pensioner at the rate of eight
dollars a month, and he asks for an increase of
this sum. I move that this memorial be referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That Mary B. Rusenbury have leave to with-
draw her petition and papers.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DURKEE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 352)
changing the time of holding the July term of
the districtcourt of the United States for the State
of Wisconsin; which was read the first and sec-
ond time by unanimous consent, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 23) to enable the Secretary of State to pay to
certain clerks in the Department of State the
same compensation as has been paid to clerks of
the same grade in the other executive depart-
ments ; which was read the first time, and ordered
to a second reading.
COURTS IN TENNESSEE.
Mr. BUTLER. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
241) to change the times of holding the United
States courts in Tennessee, have instructed me to
report it back, without amendment, and recom-
mend its passage. As it is one of those bills
^which are always passed as a matter of course, I
ask that it may be acted on at once.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the bill as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for holding the circuit and district courts of
the United States in Tennessee, at Jackson on
the first Mondays of April and October; at Nash-
ville on the third Mondays of April and October;
and at Knoxville on the third Monday of May,
and the fourth Monday of November.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
EMIGRANT AID COMP.ANT.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of the
executive committee of the New England Emi-
grant Aid Company, praying for indemnification
for losses and injuries sustained by the recent
disturbances in the Territory of Kansas; and he
asked that it might be read.
The Secretary read it accordingly. It repre-
sents that a report made on the 12th of March,
1856, to the Senate, by the Committee on Terri-
tories, in which the company was refeh-ed to, and
recent occurrences in the Territory of Kansas
affecting the company, prompt them to appear
before the Senate, and to ask its attention to the
facts stated, and the requests made in their memo-
rial. in the correction of errors which have been
committed, they say that the capital of the com-
pany is but §1,000,000, and not $5,000,000, of
which not more than $100,000 has ever been paid
in; and the act of incorporation does not make the
State of Massachusetts in any way a party to the
proceedings of the company. They deny that the
company is the origin of the troubles in Kansas,
having never acted contrary to any law of Congress
or the rights of any citizen; and they assert that
the company has never invested a dollar in any
implements of war. Ithas never sent out persons
to control the elections in Kansas, nor hired any
man, except its business agents, to go there, nor
paid the passage of a single emigrant; nor is it
within the knowledge of the officers of the company
that any person has gone out under its auspices
with any other view than to settle and stay there.
They allege that they have never known of any
violence or hostility offered by emigrants from
the North or East, to any citizen of Missouri, or
to any other citizen, and the emigrant parties
have been open to all, whether from the North or
the South. They state the object of the company
to be, to facilitate the settlement of the Territo-
ries of the United States by a population pf free
and intelligent citizens; and at the same time to
make advantageous investments of capital there
in saw and grist mills, hotels, &c., by which
they maintain that good has been done to the
