1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34tii Comg....1st Skss.
Laws of the United States.
serving m the fi'Id and at the outposts; of straw 1
for soldiers' b'-ddmg, and of stationery, including 1
company and other blank books for the Army, 1
certificates for discharged solders, blank forms
for tii'.* pay and quartermaster's departments, and
for the pnnti ng of division and department orders, '
Army filiations, and reports, four hundred and
sixty thousand dollars. '
For the incidental expenses of the quarter-
master's department, consisting of postage on :
letters and packets received and sent by officers :
of the Army on public service; expenses of courts-
martial and courts of inquiry, including the ad-
ditional compensation to judge-advocates, record- ,
ers, members, and witnesses, while on that ser- '
vic< , under the act of March sixteenth, eighteen
hundred and two; extra pay to soldiers employed,
under tho direction of the quartermaster's depart- '
ment, in thcerection of barracks, quarters, store- !
houses, and hospitals; the construction of roads ,
and other constant labor for periods of not less
than ten days, under the acts of March second, :
cjghteen hundred and nineteen, and August fourth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, including those
employed as clerks at division and department
headquarters; expenses of expresses to and from
the frontier posts and armies m the field; of es-
coi*s to paymasters, other difcbursina officers, and
tram?, when military escorts cannot be furnished;
expeii^-'f, of the interment of non-commissioned
officers and soldiers; authorized office furniture;
lure ofjjiboreis m tlie quartermaster's depart-
ment, including hire of interpreters, spies, and
guides for the Army; compensation of clerk to
oilers of thf- quartermaster's department; com-
pensyjon of forage and \vaaomnast"rs. author-
ir«*d by the act of July fifth, eighteen hundred and
tin * tv-eiirht; for the apprehension of deserters,
and the expenses incident to their pursuit; the
vaiKtih exp' ndtuii'-s required for the fn.st and
S'-eond r"i£iiHi*iits of dragoon?, the companies of
h^ht cir'iileiv, the regiment of mounted riflemen,
and sach companies of infantry aw may be
mounted, viz: for tile purchase of horse equip-
ments. a* saddles, bridles, saddle-blankets, nose-
bags, iron-combs, curry-combs, and spurs and
suaps: of travelling forges, blacksmiths' and
sho-.iiig tools, horse and mule shoes, iron and
s>et 1 for shoeing, hire of veterinary surgeons,
purchase of medicines for horses and mules,
Mioemg horses of mounted corps, and repairing
dragoon and rifle equipments, one hundred and
eight v thousand dollars.
For transportation of the Army, including the
baggage of the troops when moving <_-ithrrbv
land or wato-: of clothing, cornp and iraiuson
equip viiid horse equipui'-nts, from the depot
at Pini.jduiphid to the several posts and Army 1
depot*: of subsistence from the places of pur- ■
ch<3s*_ and from the places of delivery under con-
tract. to such plac- s as the circumstances of the
service may require it to be sent; of ordnance,
ordnance stores and small arms, from the found-
era s and armories to the arsenals, fortifications,
frontier posts, and Army depots; freights, wharf-
age. tolls, and ferriages; for the purchase and
lure oi horses, mules, and oxen, and the purchase
and lepau of wagons, carts, drays, ships and
other sea-sroing vessel? and boats, for the trans-
portation of supplies, and for garrison purposes;
for duiva^v and cartage at the several posts; hire
of teamster*!: transportation of funds for the pay
and other disbursing departments; the expense
of sailing public transports on the \arious rivers,
the Gulf of Mexico, and the Atlantic and Pacific:
and for procuring water at such posts as from
their Mtuation require that it be brought from a
distance, and for clearing rords and removing
obstructions from roads, haiuors, and rivers, to
the extent whiMi may be iequiied for the actual
opcKUions of the troops on the frontier, one mil-
lion dollars.
For d'-traymir the expenses of the supreme,
circuit, and di^m^t courts of the United states,
in^luduivr the District of Columbia; also, for
jurors and witnesses in aid of the iunds arising
from fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred
Hi the fiscal year ending the thirtieth ol June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six. and pre\ ions
y\u>; and likewise for defraying the expenses
of suits in which the United States are concei ned,
ami of prosecutions for offenses committed against
I the United States, and for the Kafe-keeping of
, prisoners, two hundred thousand dollars.
| For the collection of agricultural statistics, in-
: vestigations for promoting agriculture and rural
1 economy, and the procurement and distribution
j of cuttings and seeds, to be expended under the
I direction of the Commissioner of Patents, thirty
1 thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly for the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota, six thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory of
; New Mexico, and to enable the Governor to em*
: ploy an interpreter or translator, five hundred
' dollars.
j For filling up and draining the grounds in the
: vicinity of the national green-houses, known as
| the Botanic Garden, and for walling the creek
which passes through the same, five thousand six
' hundred and fifty dollars.
; For continuing the grading and planting with
I trees the unimproved portions of the mall, ten
thousand dollars.
; For construction of a sewer in Judiciary Square,
; six thousand dollars.
i For placing the sewer openings along Pennsyl-
vania avenue under the footway, and trapping the
same, eight thousand dollars.
For repairing old portion of tV Patent Office
building, constructing water-closets therein, and
. casual repairs of the east wing of said building,
I four thousand dollars.
i For an additional furnace erected for the Library
1 of Congress, five hundred dollars.
: For finishing the portico and exterior of the
west wing of the Patent Office building, to pay
, the reservations due, put up iron railing, and lay
down the necessary flagging and pavements, one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the joint
resolution of Congn ss "to fix the compensation
of the employes in the legislative depaitmeiit of
' the Government, and to prohibit the allowance of
the usual extra compensation to such as leceive
1 the benefits thereof," approved the twentieth of
; July, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and the
j provision m the act of third March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, which authorizes the applica-
' tion of the benefits of said resolution to apply to
' the librarian and assistant's and mc>s-:ngers in the
library of Congress, be so construed as to allow
1 them twenty per centum upon the compensation
provided by the seventh section of the act of fourth
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-lour, making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
! penses of Government; and the said joint resolu-
■ tion shall not be construed to apply to the public
! printer for either branch of Congress: and that so
much of the act approved the third of March.
! eighteen hundred and fifty-five, as lequiies all
blank books, binding, and ruling for the several
Executive Departments shall bo furnished under
the direction and supervision of the Supermtem'l-
1 ent of the Public Printing be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
| Sec. 3. And be il further enacted, That the pro-
' vision in the r.etof July twenty-seventh, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, en titled'* * An act to increase
! the salaries of executive and judiciary officers in
Oregon, New Mexico, Washington," Utah, and
Minnesota," which declares that the_ salary of
■ the Governor of New Mexico be, and the same is.
hereby, increased to the sum of three thousand
' dollars, shall be construed by the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to be the full salary of that
; officer as Governor and as Superintendent of In-
; dian Affairs.
: Approved, May 15, 1856.
Sec. 2. And whereas, native-born citizens, res-
ident of the city of Washington, who arrive at
tho age of twenty-one years between the thirtieth
day of December next preceding the election and
the day of election, are not allowed to vote at such
election—
Be it further enacted, That no person, being
naturalized between the said day of December and
the day of the succeeding election, shall be entitled
to vote at such next succeeding election.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That at all
elections to be held at the city of Washington for
municipal officers, the polls shall be opened at
seven o'clock, a. m. and closed at seven o'clock,
p. m.; and that all acts and parts of acts incon-
sistent with this act are hereby repealed.
Approved, May 16, 1856.
J Public, XIX.—An Act to proihh for at least two
Election Precincts i«t tack Ward in the City of
Washington, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Stnalc and Hou*e of Repre-
' tentative} of the United stales nf Amcrica in Congress
assembled/Th.it it shall be the duty of tho city
! corporation to provide at least two election pre-
j cincts in taeh waul, to appoint commissioners to
I superintend decnons in the same, and to adopt
j such other r^guhitions as may bo necessary to
' five- full force and cfiect to this seeiem
■ Public, XX.—An Act granting Public Lands > in
! alternate sections, to the States of Florida and Al-
i abama, to aid in the construction of certain Rail-
roads in said States.
j Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
l assembled, That there be, and is hereby, granted
! to the State of Florida, for the purpose of aiding
in the construction of railroads from St. John's
> river, at Jacksonville, to the waters of Escambia
!' bay, at or noarPensacola; and from Amelia Island,
, on the Atlantic, to the waters of Tampa bay, with
; a branch to Cedar Key, on the Gulf of Mexico;
i and also a railroad from Pensacola to the State
j line of Alabama, in the direction of Montgomery,
j every alternate section of land designated by odd
I numbers, for six sections in width on each side
■ of each of said roads and branch. But in case
it shall appear that the United States have, when
: the linos or routes of said roads and branch are
l definitely fixed, sold any sections, or any parts
I thereof, granted as aforesaid, or that the right of
, preemption has attached to the same, then it shall
; be lawful for any agent or agents to be appointed
!j by the Governor of said State to select, subject
!■ to the approval of the Secretary of the Interior,
from the lands of the United States nearest to the
tiers of st-cuons above specified, so much land,
in alternate sections or parts of sections, as shall
be equal to sach lands as the United States have
sold, or otherwise appropriated, or to which the
; rights of preemption have attached as aforesaid;
j' which lands (thus selected m lieu of those sold,
i' and to winch preemption rights have attached as
aforesaid, together with the sections and parts of
li sections designated by odd numbers, as aforesaid,
! and appropriated as aforesaid,) shall be held by
; the State of Florida for the use and purpose afore-
said: Provided, That the land to be so located
i; shall in no case be further than fifteen miles from
1 the lines of said roads and branch, and selected for
'; and on account of each of said roads and branch:
i Provided further, That the lands hereby granted
■ for and on account of said roads and branch, sev-
erally, shall be exclusively applied in the con-
■ struetion of that load or branch for and on ac-
i count of which such Hinds are hereby granted,
1 and shall be disposed of only as the work pro-
gresses. and the same shall be applied to no other
! purpose whatsoever: And provided farther, That
any and all lands heretofore reserved to the United
'' States by any act of Congress, or in any other
, manner by competent authority, for the purpose
[ of aiding in any object of internal improvement,
or for any other purpose whatsoever, be, and the
same are hereby, reserved to the United States
from the operation of this acC, except so far as it
'1 ma}' be found necessary to locate the routes of said
': railroads or branch through such reserved lands;
i;in which case the right of way only shall be
*! granted, subject to the approval of the President
i! of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sec-
tions and parts of sections of land which, by such
^ errant, shall remain to the United States, within
six miles on each side of the roads and branch,
: shall not be sold for less than double the minimum
i price of the pubhe lands when sold; nor shall any
of said lands become subject to private entry
, until the same have been first offered at public
sale at the increased price.
Sre.3. . hui be it further enacted, That the said,
lands hereby granted to the said State shall be
