APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
subject to the disposal of the Legislature thereof
for the purposes aforesaid, and 110 other; and the
said railroads and branch shall be and remain
public highways for the use of the Government
of the United States, free from toll or other
charge upon the transportation of any property
■ or troops of the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the lands
hereby granted to said State shall be disposed of
by said State only in manner following—that is
to say: that a quantity of land, not, exceeding
one hundred and twenty sections for each of said
roads and branch, and included within a contin-
uous length of twenty miles of each of said roads
and branch, may be sold; and when the Governor
of said State shall certify to the Secretary of the
Interior that any twenty continuous miles of any
or cither of said roads branch is completed,
then another quantity of land, hereby granted,
not to exceed one hundred and twenty sections
for each of said roads or branch having twenty
continuous miles completed as aforesaid, and in-
cluded within a continuous length of twenty miles
of each of such roads or branch, may be sold; and
so, from time to time, until said roaus and branch
are completed; and if any or either of said roads
or branch is not completed within ten years, no
further sale shall be made, and the lands unsold
shall revert to the United States.
Sec. 5. Ami be it further enacted, That the
United States mail shall be transported over said
roads and branch, under the direction of the Post
Office Department, at such price as Congress may,
by law, direct: Provided, That until such price is
fixed by law, the Postmaster General shall have
the power to determine the same.
Sec. 6. ./hid be it further enacted, That a similar
grant of alternate sections of public land is hereby
made to the State of Alabama, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Montgomery, in said
State, to the boundary line between Plorida and
Alabama, in the direction of Pensacola, and to
connect with the road from Pensacola to said line,
upon the same terms and conditions m all respects
as are hereinbefore prescribed for the grant to
Florida.
Approved, May 17, 18,">6.
Pum.ic.XXI.—.7n .Irl !o Incorporate St. Thomas's
Literary Society, in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentative* of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That Nicholas D. Young, George.!.
A. Wilson, and Sidney A. Claikson, and their
successors, lie, and they are hereby, made a body
politic and corporate, forever, by the name of St.
Thomas's Literary Society, for purposes of char-
ity and education, and by that name may sue and
be sued, pioseeutc and defend, may have and use
a common seal, and tin- same alter and renew at
pleasure, may adopt and establish rales, regula-
tions,and by-laws not lepugnant to the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States, for properly con-
ducting the affairs of said corporation; may take,
receive, purchase, and bold estate, real, personal,
and mixed, not exceeding in value the sum of
five hundred thousand dollars at any one time,
and may manage and dispose of the same at pleas-
ure, and apply the same, oi the proceeds of the
sales tin reoi", to the uses and purposes of the said
corporation, according to the rules and regula-
tions which now are, or may hereafter be, estab-
lished; and the said corporators shall and may,
from time to 'ime, as the necessities of the said
corporation shall or may require, increase their
number, but so as not to exreed, at any time, ten
persons, to be corporators m tlie same.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be itJurliier enacted, That the said
corporation shall have and enjoy the power and
faculty to confer and confiim upon such pupils m
the institution, or others, who, by their proficiency
in learning or other meritorious distinctions, they
shall think entitled to them, such degrees m tile
liberal arts and sciences as are usually granted in
colleges.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That nothing
m this act shall be so construed as to authorize
the said corporation to issue any note, token,
device, scrip, or other evidence of debt, to be used
as a currency.
Sec. 4. And be it further cnuctcd, That each of
the corporators in said corporation shall be held
liable, in his individual capacity, for all the debts
and liabilities of the said corporation, however
contracted or incurred, to be recovered by suit, as
other debts or liabilities, before any court of com-
petent jurisdiction.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, ThatCongress
may at any time hereafter alter, amend, or repeal
the foregoing act.
Approved, June 2,1856.
Public, XXII.—Jin Jlct to transfer certain Rights
and Duties conferred uponthe Trustees of the Town
of Vincennes, Indiana, to the Common Council of
the City of Vincennes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ilonse of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That all the rights and duties conferred
upon the trustees of the town of Vincennes, in
the State of Indiana, under the act entitled " An
act to adjust the claims to lots in the town of
Vincennes, and for the sale of the land appropri-
ated as a common for the use of the inhabitants
of the said town," approved the twentieth day
of April, eighteen hundred and eighteen, be, and
the same are hereby, transferred to and vested in
the Common Council of the city of Vincennes, in
said State.
Approved, June 2, 185G.
Pubi.ic, XXIII.—.On .'let for the Benefit of the He-
brew Congregation in the City of Washington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica hi Congress
assembled, That all the rights, privileges, and im-
munities, heretofore''granted by law to the Chris-
tian churches in the city of Washington, be, and
the sumo are hereby, extended to the Hebrew con-
gregation of said city, and that the third section of
the act approved the seventeenth of June, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-four, entitled "An act con-
eerning conveyances or devises of places of public
worship in the District of Columbia," shall be so'
construed as to allow the members of the Hebrew
congregation from time to time, by a vote of two
thirds, to elect their own trustees, and the. same,
by a like vote, to displace at pleasure; which said
trustees shall, during their continuance in office,
have the same title in and power over any lot or
traet, o{ land as if held by them under the act
aforesaid tor a Christian church, or as ifthey were
appointed undei said act trustees of any Christian
church: Provided, That any and all legal and
equitable rights, demands, or liabilities, of the said
Hebrew congregation, acquired or assumed by or
through said trustees, shall be limited to the trust,
property of said congregation held by said trustees.
Approved, June 2, 185(1.
Puiu.ic, XXIV.—.% Act granting Public Lands,
in alternate Sections, to the Stale of Alabama to
aid. in the construction of certain Railroads in said
State.
Be. it enacted by the. Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the hinted States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That, there be, and is hereby, granted
to the State of Alabama, for the purpose of aiding
ill tin- construction of railroads, from the Tennes-
see river, at or near Gunter's landing, to Gads-
den, on the Coosa river; from Gadsden to con-
nect with the Georgia and Tennessee line of
railroads, through Chattooga, Wills, and Look-
out valleys; and from Klyton to the Tennessee
river at, or near Beard's bluff, Alabama, every
alternate section of laud designated by odd num-
bers, for six sections in width on each side of each
of said roads, liut in case it shall appear that
the United States have, when the lines or routes
of said roads are definitely fixed, sold any sec-
tions or any parts thereof, granted as aforesaid,
or that the right of preemption lias attached to
the same, then it shall be, lawful for any agent or
agents, to be appointed by the Governor of said
State, to select, subject to the approval of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, from the lands of the
United States nearest to the tiers of sections
above specified, so much land, m alternate sec-
tions or parts of sections, as shall be equal to
such lands as the United States have sold, or
otherwise appropriated, or to which the rights
of preemption have attached as aforesaid, which
lands (thus selected in lieu of those sold and to
which preemption rights have attached as afore-
said, together with the sections and parts of sec-
tions .designated by odd numbers, as aforesaid,
and appropriated as aforesaid) shall be held by
the State of Alabama, for the use and puroose
aforesaid: Provided, That the land to be so lo-
cated shall in no case be further than fifteen miles
from the lines of said roads, and selected for and
on account of each of said roads: Provided further,
That the lands hereby granted for and on account
of said roads, severally, shall be exclusively ap-
plied in the construction of that road for and on
account of which such lands are hereby granted,
and shall be disposed of only as the work pro-
gresses, and the same shall be applied to no other
purpose whatsoever: And provided further, That
any and all lands heretofore reserved to the United
States by any act of Congress, or in any other
manner by competent authority, for the purpose
of aiding in any object of internal improvement,
or for any other purpose whatsoever, be, and the
same are hereby, reserved to the United States
from the operation of this act, except so far as it
may be found necessary to locate the routes of
said railroads through such reservfid lands, in
which case the right of way only shall be granted
subject to the approval of the President of the
United States.
_ Sec. 2. Andbc it further enacted, That the sec-
tions and parts of sections of land which, by such
grant, shall remain to the United States, within
six miles on each side of said roads, shall not be
sold for less than double the minimum price of the
public land when sold, nor shall any of said lands
become subject to private entry until the same
have been first offered at public sale at the in-
creased price.
Sec. .i. And be it further enacted, Thatthesaid
lands hereby granted to the said State shall be
subject to the disposal of the Legislature thereof,
for the purposes aforesaid, and no other; and the
said railroads shall be and remain public high-
ways for the use of the Government of the United
States, free from toll or other charge upon the
transportation of any property or troops of the
United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That tho
lands hereby granted to said State shall be dis-
pose'd of by said State only in manner following,
Lhat, is to say: That a quantity of land, not ex-
ceeding one hundred and twenty sections for each
of said roads, and included within a continuous
length of twenty miles of each of said roads, may
be sold; and when the Governor of said State
shall certify to the Secretary of the Interior that
any twenty continuous miles of any of said roads
is completed, then another quantity of land
hereby granted, not to exceed one hundred and
twenty sections for each of said roads having
twenty continuous miles completed as aforesaid,
and included within a continuous length of
twenty miles of each of such roads, may be sold;
and so, from time to time, until said roads are
completed; and if any of said roads is not com-
pleted within ten years, no further sale shall be
made, and the lands unsold shall revert to the
United States. f
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Uni-
ted States mail shall be transported over said
roads, under the direction of the Post Office De-
partment, at such price as Congress may, by law,
direct: Piovided, That, until such price is fixed
by law, the Postmaster General shall have the
power to determine the same.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That a grant
of land shall be made to said State to aid in the
construction of the following roads in said State,
to wit: the Memphis and Charleston railroad,
extending from Alemphis, on the Mississippi
river, ill Tennessee, to Stevenson, on the Nash-
ville and Chattenooga railroad, in Alabama; the
Girard and Mobile railroad, from Girard to Mo-
bile, Alabama; the Northeast and Southwestern
railroad, from near Gadsden to some point on the
Alabama and Mississippi State line, in the direc-
tion to the Mobile and Ohio railroad, with a view
to connect with said Mobile and Ohio railroad;
the Coosa and Alabama railroad, from Selma to
Gadsden; the Central railroad from Montgoniefy
