1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1467
received informally, and be printed, if there be no
objection. The Chair hears none.
The Senate resumed, as in ComiwPee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill (S. No. 172)
to authorize the peopl* of Kansas to form a con-
stitution and State government, preparatory to
their admission into the Union when they have
the requisite population.
Mr. FOSTER addressed the Senate at length
upon the condition of Kansas and kindred topics.
His speech will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I had in-
tended to say a few words in answer to some
portion of the remarks of the honorable Senator
from Connecticut; but the houris late, and'I shall
abstain, as this subject will be discussed on some
future occasion. I cannot, however, permit that
Senator to take his seat without expressing to
him my gratification, and what I am certain must
be the gratification of the entire Senate, at the
tone and temper of the discourse which he has
just pronounced. It is something so different in
temper from that to which we have been recently
habituated from gentlemen who entertain opin-
ions somewhat in accordance with his own, so
highly honorable to himself, so proper in its
tone, so exactly what is becoming in a Senator
who represents a State, one of the equal sover-
eignties of this Confederacy, that I could not
do justice to my own feelings on this occasion
without congratulating him and the Senate upon
the tone and temper of the remarks which he has
made in support of his principles on this ques-
tion, although those principles are diametrically
opposed to those which I entertain.
Mr. WELLER. I desire now to make the
motion of which I gave notice yesterday. I
think it must be obvious to every Senator here
that it is utterly impossible to transact any busi-
ness until this question is disposed of. It, has
now been in the way for more than three months
of the session. I have delayed calling the atten-
tion of the Senate to measures of vast importance
to that section of the Union from whence I come,
because I regarded this as one which ought to be
speedily disposed of. I move, therefore, that
this bill, with the pending amendments, be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Territories with in-
sructions to report on Monday next; and that
the bill, when thus reported, shall be the special
order, and remain so until disposed of. I have no
doubt that, by as early a day as Monday next,
the Committee on Territories will be able to make
a report.
There is a diversity of opinion among Sena-
tors here as to the proper course to be pursued
on this subject. Some four or five different prop-
ositions have been submitted. The inclinations
of my own mind are decidedly in favor of that
which has been introduced by the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] I desire,however, when
all those propositions go to the Committee on
Territories, that they shall report upon Monday
next, and that we shall then proceed to, and con-
tinue, the discussion of this question until it is
finally disposed of. I feel that this is due to my
own constituents, who are deeply interested in
several bills now pending before the Senate.
I hope it will be the pleasure of the Senate to
consent on Monday next not only to proceed to
the discussion of the bill, but to retain the dis-
cussion of it before the Senate until we shall
finally come to a conclusion on it. I doubt not
that by as early a day as Wednesday or Thurs-
day of next week, we shall be able to dispose of
this question, and then proceed to the considera-
tion of other business. I hope that will be the
pleasure of a majority of the Senate.
Mr. ADAMS. I shall vote with a great deal
of pleasure for the motion to recommit this bill to
the Committee on Territories; butit occurs to me
that to require the committee to report next Mon-
day would not be exactly proper. The committee
will doubtless report as early as it shall be prac-
ticable for them to do so; but there are a number
of these bills—three or four long ones—and it
may require time to examine them. There may be
differences of opinion in regard to them. I sug-
gest to the Senator the propriety of only recom-
mitting this measure to the committee without
instructions. It is known that they will report
it back as soon as they can, and therefore I would
not be in favor of requiring them to report on a
particular day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 have no objection to the
instructions. I do not think it will make any dif-
ference in our action. I have no idea that there
is anything in these bills which we cannot ex-
amine and decide, and report upon by Monday
next. Of course the committee will report at the
earliest possible moment. I think we can report
on Monday. 1 am entirely willing, so far as t
am concerned, to agree to the arrangements pro-
posed by the Senator from California, to take the
subject up on that day, and proceed with it until
it is disposed of.
Mr. WELLER. Then I withdraw the instruc-
tions which I proposed.
Mr. BIGLER. It is understood, I believe, that
the motion will carry all the bills with it.
Mr. WELLER. Yes, sir; that is my design.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I understand the
discussion is to be resumed on Monday, and
then continued until the subject is disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
That question is not now before the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. That was an expression of
my own hope—not a motion.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I wish it were in-
cluded in the Senator's proposition.
The motion to recommit the bill with the pend-
ing amendments was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to give notice that
to-morrow I shall ask the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of the bill for the construction
of a wagon road from the frontier of Missouri to
California.
Mr. BROWN. Under the Cincinnati resolu-
tions, or the Constitution?
Mr. WELLER. If it does not come clearly
within the principles of the Cincinnati platform,
I shall not ask the Senator to vote for it. [Laugh-
ter.] I move an executive session.
Mr. STUART. I do not acquiesce that we
shall proceed to the consideration of anything
until we dispose of the veto messages.
Mr. WELLER. I did not ask Ae Senator to
acquiesce; but I only gave the notice so that those
opposed to it might gather their strength together,
as I knew my friend from Michigan would be.
The motion of Mr. Weller being agreed to,
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of exec-
utive business; and, after some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 25, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry C. Dean, Chaplain of the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of House bill
(No. 115) to establish two additional land dis-
tricts in the Territory of Kansas, the pending
question being on the motion submitted yester-
day by Mr. Bennett, of New York, to lay said
bill on the table.
BARK TROPIC BIRD.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to put Senate
bill (No. 273) to authorize the issue of a register
to the bark Tropic Bird upon its passage. I
hope there will be no objection. It is necessary
that the bill should be passed.
No objection being made, the House proceeded
to consider the bill. It authorizes and directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue a register to
the American-built bark Tropic Bird, now owned
by Asa F. Tift, of Key West, Florida.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I offer the
following amendment to the bill:
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said bark
Tropic Bird be, and is hereby, exempted from the payment
of tonnage moneys to the United States from the time she
became American property.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
if there is notageneral law authorizing the Treas-
ury Department to issue these registers under
general rules and regulations ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. There is no law which
covers the present ease; if there had been, the
application would not have been made.
Mr. JONES. I thought we had passed a
general law.
* Mr. HAVEN. I will say, with the permission
of the gentleman from Illinois, that the gentlemen
are both right. There is a general law author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to change ftie
name of an American vessel, and issue a new
register in the new name. But there is not a law
authorizing him to issue a register to a foreign
vessel becoming American property. If this is a
foreign vessel which has become American prop-
erty, then there is no general law applying to it.
Mr. JONES. Then I will merely say, that I
hope the Committee on Commerce will report a
general law covering these cases, so as to get clear
of these special bills.
Mr. MILLSON. I think there is such a law
already.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
"passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting a report from
the Secretary of the Navy, in compliance with a
resolution of the House of Representatives of
February 18, requesting the President to com-
municate to the House the report of Captain E.
B. Boutwell, and all the documents accompanying
it relative to the operations of the United States
sloop-of-war John Adams, under his command,
at the Feejeelslandsin 1855; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT FROM COMMITTEE.
Mr. BARCLAY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee .on the Post Office and
Post Roads a bill to authorize the Postmaster
General to cxecute a contract with Messrs. Gor-
man, Wigle, and Benford, for carrying the mail
from Cumberland, Maryland, to Greensburg,
Pennsylvania; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COMINS, by unanimous consent, offered
a resolution providing for the printing of ten
thousand extra copies of the report of the inves-
tigating committee in the matter of the assault on
Mr. Sumner; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
ARMS FOR NEW MEXICO, UTAH, ETC.
Mr. QUITMAN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, presented an adverse report on the
memorial of the Legislature^pf New Mexico, ask-
ing an appropriation for the payment of militia
called into service in 1854; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. &. also, from the same committee, reported
back joint resolution (H. R. No. 21) in relation
to furnishing the Territories of New Mexico and
Utah with arms—with an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute—and asked to have it put upon
its passage.
Mr. GROW. The previous question is pend-
ing on a bill.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can only be
received by general consent, if the gentleman pro-
poses to act on it.
Mr. dUITMAN. I ask the general consent
that it may be considered now.
There being no objection, the resolution was
read. Itdeclares that the existing laws pertaining to
the delivery of arms in States and Territories are
sufficient to insure the delivery within the Terri-
tories of New Mexico and Utah, of such arms as
they are entitled to, at the expense of the United
States, in such quantities and under such regula-
tions as the President may,in his discretion, pre-
scribe.
The committee reported back the following
amendment in the nature of a substitute:
Resolved by the Senate, That the President of the
United States be authorized to cause to be delivered at the
expense of the United States, at such points as he may
designate, within either of the Territories of New Mexico
and Utah, such arms as said Territories may respectively be
entitled to, under existing laws.
Mr. &UITMAN. I desire to make a single
explanation of the amendment proposed in the
nature of a substitute to the original resolution
referred to the committee; and I think I can sat-
isfy the House of the propriety of passing it.
The committee reported the original resolution
for the purpose of authorizing the Government to
