1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of4he United States.
tosome point 011 the Alabamaand Tennessee State
line in tin-direction to Nashville,Tennessee; and
that alternate sections of the public lands, to the
same extent and in the same manner, and upon
the same limitations and restrictions in every re-
spect, shall be, and is hereby, made to aid ill the
construction of the roads in said State mentioned
in this act: Provided, That the lands hereby
granted to said State for the purpose of con-
structing a railroad from the northeast to the
southwestern portion of said State, lying north-
v.-est of Elyton, shall be assigned to such road as
may be designated by the Legislature of said
State.
Approved, June 3, 1856.
Public, XXV.—An .let making a grant of Lands
to the Stale of Louisiana, to aid in the construction
of Railroads in said State.
Jit it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ojthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be, and is hereby, granted
to the State of Louisiana, for the purpose of
aidintr in the construction of a railroad from the
Texas line, in the State of Louisiana, west of the
town of Greenwood, via Greenwood, Shreveport,
and Monroe, to a point on the Mississippi river, H
opposite Vieksburg; and fiom New Orleans, by !;
Opelousas, to the State line of Texas: and from j
New OiUans to the State lint, 111 the direction to
Jackson, Mississippi; every alternate section of i
land de^snated by odd numbers, for six sections :
in width on each side of said road. But 111 case j
it shall appear that the United States have, when ;
the line or route of said road is definitely fixed, .
sold any suctions, or any parts thereof, eranted
as afori'said, or that the right of preemption has j
attached to the same, then it shall be lawful for .
any at-cut or aseiits, to be appointed by the Gov- !
cninr of said State, to select, subject to the op- ;
protal of the Secretary of the Interior, from the !
lands of the United estates nearest to the tier
eecions above specified, so much in alternate
sections, or parts of sections, as shall be equal to ,
such lands- as the United States have sold, or J
otherwise appropriated, or to which the right ]
of piecnipuun has attached as aforesaid; which
lands ijlins selected in lieu of those sold, and to
which preemption rights have attached as afore-
said, together with the sections and parts of sec-
tio'.s designated by odd numbers as aforesaid,
and appropriated as aforesaid) shall be held by
the Stale of Louisiana for the use and purpose
aforesaid: Provided, that the lands to be so located
snail 111 no eav be fuitiler than fifteen ruiles from
the loi'1 of said roads and selected for and 011 ■
account of said roads: Provided further, That the j
lu'id- hereby granted shall be exclusively applied ;
In the cons'truction of said roads, and shall be (
disposed of only as the woik progresses, and the
sarm so t'. be applied to 110 other purpose what-
hO.'M'r: J,id j,,orided Jurther, That any and all
lauds heretofore i\seived to the United States by ;
any act of Coi.e'ress, or 111 any other manner, by j
enoipi tent authority, for the purpose of aiding m
any >->!■;< ct of internal improvement, or for any (
Other purpose whatsoever, be, and the same are .
her-'iy, r s-rvtd to the United States from the
f.peiaiion of this act, except so far as it may be i
found >!. ci ssary to locate the route of said 1 ail- ;
roads through such reserved lands, in which case |
tin 1 ,"ht of way only shall be gi anted, subject to ,
tii e aiyroval of the President of the United States.
M.'c. 'J. .hid be it further enacted. That the sec-
tions, .mil 0 oris of sections, of land which, by
ism ii '-lant.' shall remain to the United States,
within six miles on each side of said roads, shall
no' i„. - .Id f.,r ii-ss j ban double the minimum price
of si!.. pn'd.c hinds when sold; nor shall any of
sanl 1 eo!< become subject topiivate entry until
tie sane shall have been first oiieied at public
e.ilc at the men asod price.
Sn< . 3. .hid he it further enacted, That the said
lands hereby .1-1 anled to the said State shall be
s>, >|. ct to the disposal of the legislature thereof,
for tin purpose's nfoiesaid, and 110 other; and the
said railroads shall be and remain a public high-
wayfoi !li>. ust of the Government ot the United
States, fur from toll or other cliarse upon the
transposition of any property or troops ol the
■f"mt.'d -■stut, s
Sec. 4. Jlndbe.itfurther enacted, That the lands
hereby granted to said State shall be disposed of
only in manner following; that is to say, fhat a
quantity of land not exceeding one hundred and
twenty sections, and included within a continu-
ous length of twenty miles of said roads, may be
sold; and when the Governor of said State shall
certify to the Secretary of the Interior that any
twenty continuous miles of said roads are com-
pleted, then another like quantity of land hereby
granted may be so sold; and so, from time to
time, until said roads are completed; and if said
roads are not completed within ten years, no
further sale shall be made, and the lands unsold
shall revert to the United States.
Sec. 5. Andbcit further enacted, That the Uni-
ted States mail shall be transported over said
roads under the direction of the Post Office De-
partment, at such price as Congress may, by i
law, direct: Provided, That, until such price is 1
fixed by law, the Postmaster General shall have
the power to determine the same.
Approved, June 3, 1856.
Public, XXVI.—Jin Act granting Public Lands to
the State of Wisconsin to aid in the construction
of Railroads in said State.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hov.ie of Repre-
; sen tatives of the United States of America in Congress
i assembled, That there be, and is hereby, granted
' to the State of Wisconsin for the purpose of aid-
> ing in the construction of a railroad from Matii-
1 son, or Columbus, by the way of Portage city
; to the St. Croix river or lake between townships
, twenty-five and thirty-one, and from thence to
, the west end of Lake Superior: and to Bayfield;
, and also from Fond du Lac on Lake Winnebago,
i northerly to the State line, every alternate section
of land designated by odd numbers for six sec-
tions 111 width on each side of said roads respcc-
: tivcly. But in case it shall appear that the United
j States have, when the lines or routes of said
: roads are definitely fixed, sold any sections or
parts thereof granted as aforesaid, or that the
right of preemption has attached to the same,
then it shall be lawful for any agent, or agents, to
; be appointed by the Governor of s od State to
! select, subject to the approval of the Secretary of
! the Interior, from the lands of the United^States
! nearest to the tier of sections above specified, so
1 much land 111 alternate sections, or parts of sec-
tions, as shall be equal to such lands as the
United States have sold or otherwise appropri-
ated, or to which ihe right of preemption has at-
tached, as aforesaid, which lands (thus selected
m lieu of those sold and to which preemption has
attached as aforesaid, together with tile sections
J and parts of sections designated by odd numbers
1 as atoresaid, and appropriated as aforesaid) shall
be held by the State of Wisconsin for the use and
, purpose aforesaid: Provided, That the lands to
' be so located shall in 110 case be further than fif-
! teen miles from the line of the roads 1.1 each ease,
and sch-cted for and 011 account of said roads:
Provided further, That the lands hereby granted
I shall be exclusively applied in the construction
of that road for which it was granted and selected,
and shall be disposed of only as the work pro-
gresses, and the same shall be applied to no other
■ purpose whatsoever: And provided further,_That
j' any and all lands reserved to the United States
' by any act of Congress for the purpose of aiding
1 111 any object of internal improvement, or in any
manner for any purpose whatsoever, be, and the
j, same are hereby, reserved to the United States
I from the operation of this act, except so far as
it may be found necessary to locate the route of
railroads through such reserved lands, in which
case the right of way only shall be granred, sub-
^ ject to the approval of the President ot the United
States.
,1 Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. I hat tne
' sections and pans of sections of land which, by
such grant, shall remain to the United States,
within six miles 011 each side oi said roads, snail
not be sold for less than double the minimum
pricc of the public lands when sold;^ nor snail
any of said lands become subject U> private entry
•' until tile same have been first ofte-red at puolic
sale at the increased puce. t ^
Si.c. 3 .iiul be itj"irtiur inaclea. 1 nat t.,e said
' lands hereby granted to said State shall be subject
to the disposal of the Legislature thereof, for the
purposes aforesaid, and no other; and the said
, railroads shall be and remain public highways for
the use of the Government of the United States,
free from toll or other charge upon the transport-
ation of property or troops of the United States,
i Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the lands
hereby granted to said State shall be disposed of
by said State only in manner following, that is to
I say: That a quantity of land not exceeding one
| hundred and twenty sections, and included within
; a continuous length of twenty miles of roads,
i respectively, may be sold; and #rhen the Gov-
. ernor of said State shall certify to the Secretary
of the Interior that any twenty continuous miles
t of either of said roads are completed, then another
i like quantity of land hereby granted may be sold;
i and so, from time to time, until said roads are
| completed; and if said roads are not completed
within ten years, 110 further sales shall be made,
and the land unsold shall revert to the United
States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
United States mail shall be transported over said
roads, under the direction of the Post Office De-
partment, at such pricc as Congress may, by law,
i direct: Provided, That until such price is fixed
! by law, the Postmaster General shall liave the
! power to determine the same.
Approved, June 3, 1856.
Public, XXVII.—An Act making a grant of al-
ternate Sections of the Public Land, to the Stale of
Michigan, to aid in the construction of certain
Railroads in said State, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted bij the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That there be and hereby is granted to
the State of Michigan, to aid in the construction,
of railroads from Little Bay de Noguet to Mar-
quette, and thence to Ontonagon, and from the
two last-named places to the Wisconsin State
line; and also from Amboy, by Hillsdale and
Lansing, and from Grand Rapids to some point
011 or near Traverse Bay. also from Grand Haven
and Pert Marquette to Flint, and thence to Port
Aaron, every alternate section of land designated
by odd numbers; for six sections in width on each
side of each of said roads; but in case it shall
appear that the United States have, when the lines
or routes of said roads are definitely fixed, sold
any section or any part thereof granted as afore-
said, or that the right of preemption has attached
to the same, then it shall be lawful for any agent
or ascnts, to be appointed by the Governor of
said "State, to select* subject to the approval of
the Secretary of the Interior, from the lands of the
United States nearest to the tiers of sections above
specified, so much land iii alternate sections or
parts of sections, as shall be equal to such lands
as the LTmted States have sold or otherwise ap-
propriated. or to which the right of preemption
has attached as aforesaid; which lands (thus se-
lected in hen of those sold, and to which preemp-
tion richts have attached as aforesaid, together
with the sections and parts of sections designated
by odd numbers as aforesaid, and appropriated
as afoies.iidi) shall be held by the State of Mich-
igan for the use and purpose aforesaid:^ Provided,
That the lands to be so located shall in no case
be further than fifteen miles from the lines of said
roads, and selected for and on account of each of
said roads: Provided further, That the lands hereby
granted shall be exclusively applied in the con-
struction of that road for and on account of which
such lands are hereby granted, and snail be dis-
posed of only as the work progresses, and the
same shall be applied to 110 other purpose whatso-
ever:'.?)^ provided further, Tfeat anyand all lauds
heretofore reserved to the United States by any act
of Congress, or in any other manner, by com-
petent authority, for the purposes of aiding in any
object of internal improvement, or for any other
purpose whatsoever, be, and the same are hereby,
reserved to the United States from the operations
of this act, except so far as it may be found
necessary to locate the routes of said railroads
through "such reserved lands; in which case, the
no 'it of way only shall be granted, subject to the
approval cf the President of the United States.
