742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Mr. WELLER. Who proposes a fortification?
Docs not the Senator know the difference between
a fortification and a military post?
Mr. FESSENDEN. To be sure I do; but
you ask for money enough for a regular fortifi-
cation.
Mr. WELLER. We ask for enough to build
barracks and quarters ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. But this is only the be-
ginning, and you so stated.
Mr. WELLER. The letter said so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The letter said so; and
what comes from the Department, we may pre-
sume, means something. This is a commence-
ment of appropriations for a permanent military
post. How do we know that any such perma-
nent station will be needed? It is only because
there is a settlement in that immediate vicinity,
and for no other reason; and, 011 that supposi-
tion, we shall be obliged, all along our border, to
have permanent military posts wherever settle-
ments may grow up. Surely no one can suppose
that to be necessary, or even expedient.
Besides, I am satisfied, from all I have hoard
and read, that hostilities with the Indians will be
much more likely to arise from the establishment
of soldiers in their vicinity, than from any other
cause. I believe that has been the history of the
country for many years. Instead of its being a
protection, I think hostilities are only called on
by the establishment of soldieis anywhere; and
1 think history will show it.
Mr. WELLER. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Well, sir, we may read
history differently. I have stated my opinion.
Well understood as the power of this Govern-
ment is on the border, especially by Indians, I
have no belief that we are exposed, m reality, to
any serious danger from them, unless the diffi-
culties are occasioned by the conduct of the whites
themselves, and those difficulties are always in-
creased by the establishment of soldiery in perma-
nent or temporary quarters, 111 their vicinity. It
may be necessary, and it is undoubtedly, for
some purposes, after a certain state of things has
arisen, to have troops on the border; but in the
commencement of settlements, by way of pre-
vention, I have 110 idea that anything can be more
necessary than what is suggested by the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky, as arising from his
experience and his knowledge.
i shall, theu'foic, vote against this amendment.
I hav'e said thus mueh to give a leason for my
vote, because I am unwilling, on any occasion,
to give a vote which shall look in any manner, as
if i were lndilferent (none of us ought to be m-
difVeient) to the welfare of our fellow-citizens on
the borders of the country where they are ex-
posed. 1 have stated a reason for my vote in
Older that I may be understood.
Mr. WELLER. 1 regret very much that I am
compelled to way a woid on this subject. I did
not present this as a war measure. 1 did not oven
intimate to the Senate that, in my opinion, the
present state of things on our frontier, or the as-
pect of our foreign relations, required the estab-
lishment of a fortification at this point. I only
proposed a military post; and I said incidentally
that the establishment of this post would be val-
uable to our country in the event of our being
involved in a war with Great Britain. I shall not
discuss the question of the probability or possi-
bility of our being engaged in a war in conse-
quence of the present difficulties; but I say it is \
the duty of this Government at all times to be
prepared for war. The best security you can have
for peace is the fact that you are always fully pre-
pared for war. There arc very few men who
have engaged actively m the business of life, and
have seen as many ups and downs as I have, who
have not come to the conclusion that they have
avoided many personal difficulties by their adver-
saries knowing that they weie fully prepared.
There are, no doubt, many gentlemen here who
can call to mind circumstances which satisfy them
that they have avoided personal conflicts and con-
troversies by being prepared at all times to meet
them.
Sir, I regard it as the duty of this Government
to be ready at ail times for war. The establish-
ment of this military post, 1 said incidentally,
would be available to us, in case hostilities should
be commenced. I said further, that past experi-
ence would demonstrate the fact, that whenever
the British Government could use our Indians by
furnishing them with butcher-knives and toma-
hawks, against us, it has done so. X stated that
there was a military post on the British side of
the line, and that military post is now in exist-
ence. I said this post was essentially important
for the protection of our own citizens against
the incursion of the Indians.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are no troops at
that British post.
Mr. WELLER. Yes, sir, there are, according
to my understanding, and we have settlements in
the northern part of Minnesota, surrounded by
Indians. Each one of those settlers is standing
on American soil, and has aright to claim the
protection of his Government. We have found
it necessary, in years past, to establish military
posts on the frontiers. Why did you establish
them on the frontiers of Missouri, if the purpose
was not to give protection to American settlers
who had gone there and engaged in the peaceablc
cultivation of the soil? Sir, if I stand anywhere
upon American soil, I am entitled to the protec-
tion of my Government. The men who are now
on the northern line of Minnesota are as much
entitled to have the protecting influence of this
Government exerted over them, as though they
were in the very heart of the Republic.
We have undertaken to demonstrate that it was
necessary to establish a military post at this point.
Is this anything new? Why, sir, you might
suppose, from the remarks of the distinguished
Senator from Kentucky, that this was a new
thing—that no military post had over been estab-
lished before. I need hardly say that it has been
the practice of this Government, from the begin-
ning, to establish military posts on the frontier,
where there was a large number of Indians, to
protect the settlers from the tomahawk and the
scalping-knife of the savage. You have estab-
lished them in California. You established a
military post sonic years ago at Fort Reading,
which was then on the frontier. Now, the white
man has gone there, and engaged in the cultiva-
tion of the soil; the settlers are strong enough to
protect themselves, and there is 110 longer a ne-
cessity for the continuance of your military post.
But there are certain points on your frontier
where military posts are indispensable; and, as
was well said by my friend from Michigan, if we
cannot rely on the representations of the War De-
partment, having particular chaige of this subject,
I ask you what information we shall demand be-
fore wo act ?
Mr. President, I have no personal knowledge
of tins region at all. It is represented to me that
there are large numbers of American citizens on
the frontier of Minnesota, and as such they are
entitled to the protection of American law. The
establishment of a military post, in the opinion
of the Secretary of War, is necessary at that
poin t. I act 011 lus judgment, taking it for granted,
occupying the position ho does, that he under-
stands better the wants of that particular region
than I do. Now, the argument of the Senator
from Kentucky would defeat appropriations for
all military posts, because he seems to think that
you cannot shut out Englishmen unless you build
a wall all alons; your northern frontier.
Mr. CiUTTE'NDEN. Indians, not English-
men.
Mr. WELLER. I am glad that the Senator
mentions the word Indians, because it recalls to
my mind that I rose mainly to reply to a remark
of the Senator from Maine. I venture to say the
experience of every man who has been amongst
the Indians will sustain me in the allegation, that
wherever your military posts have been estab-
lished on your frontier, there have been less out-
rages committed by the Indians than in any other
sections of the country. The moral miluence
which the troops exercise is very great. In the
State of California my observation shows that,
although we have had many outbreaks on the
part of Indians, they have never occurred in the
vicinity of our military posts. Many of those
military posts are surrounded by large bands of
Indians, but you will find that they are peaceable,
quiet, and friendly, I say, then, so far as the
influence of military posts has come under my
observation, that they have had a salutary effect
in checking Indian outrages.
But, sir, I have no desire to prolong this dis-
cussion. I am anxious to vote 011 the amendment.
My friend from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] is com-
plaining very justly that I have by my amend-
ments provoked a good deal of discussion. I was
certainly not responsible for the debate yesterday,
fori tried to get a vote on Tuesday. I am afraid
I might be responsible to-day if t continued the
debate; therefore, I shall say no more.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I am as anxious
as any Senator here, I apprehend, to take a vote
on this question; and I also believe I am as anx-
ious as any Senator here not to incur the dis-
pleasure of any other member of this body. I
thought, when I took especial pains before taking
my seat, a few minutes since, to say that I could
not be misunderstood as implying aught against
the arguments or intentions of the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittexden,] that I had excul-
pated myself from any such impression on his
part; but it seems that I was unfortunate, and I
did not succeed.
When the Senator from Kentucky supposes
that I am a rampant candidate for fame, and seek
to make him a ladder to climb there, he is cer-
tainly under a very great mistake. Sir, I have
no such aspirations: and if I had I should have
no desire in that way to attain them. The Sen-
ator wears with propriety his own well-earned
distinction, and I am not disposed to ask him to
allow me to participate in it. What I said woo
my opinion; what the Senator said is his opinion.
When I stated that I would vote any amount of
money to protect a fellow-citizen, and save his
life, in any quarter of the globe, I but uttered
the sentiment of my heart with the sanction of
my judgment. The Senator says he will not.
That is his opinion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not say so; I
said the contrary. The gentleman said that if he
only heard that a citizen was in danger lie would
vote for appropriations without limit, and would
not stop to inquire auy thing about it. This is the
substance of what he said. I am sure he docs
not recollcct it.
Mr. STUART. I shall not tell the Senator
that I did not say so, bccause that would hardly
be parliamentary.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understood the Sen-
ator to say so, and I think he did say so. My
remark was in reference to that statement.
Mr. STUART. This was my language pre-
cisely: " Tell me, sir, that it is necessary, to pro-
tect the life of an American citizen, to appropii-
ate so many hundreds or so many millions of
dollars, and 1 will vote for it." Now, the mere
style of my expression cannot bo construed into
a supposition that I would do that on a rumor.
The construction of the sentence could only be
this: "Tell me—of course on authority entitled
to credit." I was speaking of my judgment,
and not of rumor. I thought I did the Senator
justice, when I said I believed he would do the
same thing. I did believe it then, and I believe
it now.
I desire that there may be no misunderstand-
ing between the honorable Senator and myself,
and have more reasons than one for expressing
i this wish. I have 110 hesitation in saymg that (
desire—I wish to be emphatic in it—the very best
understanding with the honorable Senator from
| Kentucky. 1 shall be proud to enjoy it. But
j the Senator must be aware that sometimes he has
! a very peculiar mode of expressing his senti-
| ments, and that mod', means much more than the
: language. In this case, I thought his manner
j was a little derisive in respect to what I had said,
and 1 wish to correct that on the spot. I have
confidence in the Senator's opinions; and when
he says that he knows more about frontier defense
than I do, he but speaks what the world knows.
He is a much older man, and his experience has
been very considerable m this character of de-
fense: so that his opinions here or in any other
place in regard to it are entitled to great weight.
But, sir, [was led to my conclusion in this case
from considerations which I will state. I said
that the Secretary of War had determined the
necessity of a post at this point. I said that the
Delegate from Minnesota, whose experience in
relation to this country is ample, had stated to
me facts on which I relied. I said that other facta
which had come to my knowledge, and reports
which 1 had before me, demonstrated that mur-
ders were committed m this region. It does not
rest in opinion whether they are committed or
