1468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June SS5,
pay the expenses of the transportation of arms
into the Territories, as provided for by existing
laws. It was understood that the Government,
or some of the officers of the Government, pro-
posed to deliver these arms at some point short
of the Territories for which they were designed.
The object of the present resolution is simply
explanatory: to authorize the delivery, not of new
arms, but of those which were heretofore author-
ized to be delivered to the Territories, within the
limits of the Terrritories, at such points as the
President may direct, at the expense of the Uni-
ted States.
The question was taken on the amendment;and
it was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was subsequently read the third time,
and passed.
ILLINOIS CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to give
notice to the House, that as soon as the special
order on territorial business will have transpired,
I will endeavor to call up the contested-election
case of the State of Illinois.
J. W. NYE.
Mr. TRA.FTON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a report from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, in the case of the petition of
J. W. Nye; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. I now insist on the regular order
of business.
Mr. TEIORINGTON. I desire to report a bill,
so as to have it referred.
Mr. GROW. Gentlemen are appealing to me
all round, and if I yield to one, 1 must to all. I
insist on the regular order of business.
The SPEAIt'KR. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of House bill No. 115.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN OREGON AND
WASHINGTON.
Mr. &UITMAN. 1 will ask the indulgence
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to allow
me to oiler a resolution simf )y for the purpose
of obtaining information for this House on a sub-
ject which belongs to territorial business, and
which will come up here for consideration.
Mr. GROW. If it relates to territorial busi-
ness, I have no objection.
The resolution was read, considered, and agreed
to; as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States bo re-
queued to communicate to thi* Hou>e any coriespondence
or information which may have been received by him on
the subject of fnihan hostilities in Oregon and Washington
Territories, since Hie date ot Ins las>t communication totlie
Hou.se on that subject.
Mr. GROW renewed his call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. TAYLOR. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania give way, and allow me to present
a joint resolution for the relief of sugar planters
in Louisiana? It is merely to provide for an
omission in the revenue laws; the necessity there-
for growing out of the fact of there having been,
by the* frosts of last winter, such a destruction of
the sugar-cane as 
Mr. GIDDINGS. I object.
LAND DISTRICTS IN WASHINGTON TERRI-
TORY.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I desire to report,
from the Committee on Public Lands, a bill
relating to the Territories, that it may be referred
and printed, with the letter from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
There being no objection,
Mr. COBB reported a bill to divide the Terri-
tory of Washington in to four land districts; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICTS IN KANSAS.
Mr. GROW. I now call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER, The question recurs on
House hill (No. 115) to establish two additional
land districts in the Territory of Kansas. The
pending question is* "Shall the bill be read a
third time?" Pending this question, the House
having ordered the main question, the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Bennett] moves to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. PHELPS. I request the gentleman from
New York to withdraw the motion to lay on the
table. If I could have one moment I would ex-
plain the necessity for this bill; and I believe
there would be no objection.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I object to
any further debate.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish merely to show that
this is a matter of necessity, and of accommo-
dation to the people of Kansas, of all sides.
The question being on the motion to lay the
bill on the table,
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, calledfor the read-
ing of the bill.
The bill was read, as follows:
Be it enacted, fyc., That all that part of the Pawnee land
district, in the Teiritory of Kansas, created by the thir-
teenth section of the act approved 22d July, 1854, entitled,
" An act to establish the offices of surveyor general of New
Mexico, Kansas, and Nebraska, to grant donations to actual
settlers therein, and for other purposes," which is situated
north of the north or left banks of the Kansas river, and the
Smoky Hill fork thereof, to its highest navigable point, and
north of the neaiest township line to said point, to be here-
after determined bv the Commissioner of tiie General Land
Office, conimued West to the eastern boundary of Utah
Territory, be, and the same is hereby, detached from the
said Pawnee district, and shall constitute an additional dis-
trict, to be eailed the Delaware land district; and all that
portion of said Pawnee district winch is situated south of
the neaiest township line, to the thirry-eighth degree of
north latitude, and which lies cast of the Mexico Temtory
boundary line, or meridian of one hundred and third degree
of west longitude, shall constitute a new district, to be
called the Osage land district, the location of the offices for
which shall be designated by the President of the United
States, and shall by hun, from tune to time, be changed, as
the public interests may seem to regime.
Sec. 2. And beit further enacted, That the President be,
and he is hereby, authorized, whenever the public interests
shall rpquirp, to appoint, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, or during the recess thereof, and until
the end of the next session of Congress after such appoint-
ment, a register and receiver for each oi either of the dis-
tucts hereby created, who shall respectively he mpmed to
reside at The site of their offices, have the same powers,
icjpojiMbiJities, and emoluments, and be subject to the
same acta and penalties which are, or may be, prescribed
by law in relation to other land officers of the United
States.
Seo. 3. Jind be it further enaded, That the President is
hereby authorized to cause the public lands in the districts
eieated by thi-i act, with the exception of such as may have
been or may be ic^eived for other purposes, to be exposed
to salfi m the same manner, and upon the same terms and
conditions, as other public lands of the United States .*
Provided, That all sales and locations made at the office
of the old district of lands situated within the limits of the
new districts, which shall be valid and right m othor
respects up to the day on which the new offices shall go into
operation, be, and the same are hereby, confirmed.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That for the salaries
of the land offices created by this act, and for expenses
incidental to opening the new offices, the sum of four thou-
sand dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 105, nays^-70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Burlingame, James
II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
dawson, Colfax, Coming, Covode, Cragin, Cumback,
Damreil, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Ed-
wauls, Eiiirie, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Rob-
ert B. Hall, Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hickman, Holloway,
Thomas It. Horton, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox,Ivunkel,Leiter, Mace, Matteeon,
MeCarty, Meacham, Killian Miller, Moore, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Muiray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker,
Pearee, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle,
Purvidiice, Puryear, Ritchie, Bobbins, Kohtson, Sabin,
Sapp, Scott, Simmon*, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,
Svvope, Tappan, Thormgton, Thurston, Trafton, Under-
wood, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron,
Elhhu B. Washburne, tsiael Washburn, Watson, Welch,
Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Cad-
walader, John P. Campbell, Carhle, Chngman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford,
Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Etheridge,
Evans, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson
W. Hams, Herbert, Hoffman, Jewett, George W. Jones,
Kelly, Kennett, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, McMuIhn, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Quit-
man, Ready, Ricaud, Richardson, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust,
Sandidge, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Trippe,
Vail, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wheeler, Whitney, Wil-
liams, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and
Zollicoffer—',9.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. RICHARDSON stated that he had been
requested to announce that his colleague, Mr.
Harris, had paired off with Mr. Waj>hburne,
of Illinois
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was laid upon
the table; and also that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The question being on the latter motion,
Mr. LETCHERdemanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 111, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Hall, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham,
Bishop, ijliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffinton, Burlingame,
James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cum-
back, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Dunn, Durfee, Edie, Edwards, Emrie, Flagler, Galloway,
Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
J. Morrison Harris, Haven, Plickman, Hollowav, Thomas
R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Hughston, Kelsey, King,
Knapp, Knight, ICnowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace,
Matteson, MeCarty, Meacham, Killian Miller, Millward,
Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Parker, Pearee, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit,
Pike, Pi ingle, Purviance, Puryeai, Ritchie, Robbing, Rob-
ison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton,
Siranahan, Swope, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Traf-
ton, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge,
Waldron, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wat-
son, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Bowie, Boyce, Bianch, Burnett, Cadwalader,
John P. Campbell, Garble, Caruthers, Clingman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford,
Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Ether-
idge, Evans, Florence,Foster,Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Sampson W. Harris, Herbert, Hoffman, George
W. Jones,Keitt, Kelly,ICidwell,Lake, Letcher,Lumpkin,
McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Packer, Peck, Phelps,
Potter, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Richardson,
Riveis, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Seward, Shorter, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Tal-
bott, Taylor, Trippe, Vail, Walker, Warner, Watkins,
Wheeler. Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—78.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, announcing that
the Senate had passed, without amendment,bills
and joint resolution of the House, of the follow-
ing titles:
An actauthorizing the settlement of the accounts
of Charles P. Babcock, late Indian agent at De-
troit, in the State of Michigan;
An act granting to certain citizens of the State
of Missouri the right to enter ccrtain lands in the
Plattsburg district, in said State;
An act to chance the time of holding the United
States courts in Tennessee; and
Joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Interior to settle the accounts of Oliver M.
Wozencraft.
Also, that the Senate had concurred in the
amendmentof the House to the bill of the Senate,
entitled " An act to authorize the issue of a regis-
ter to the bark Tropic Bird."
ADMISSION OF THE STATE OF KANSAS.
The business next in order, by the special as-
signmentof the House, was House bill (No. 411)
for the admission of the State of Kansas into the
Union, the question pending being upon ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read through by the Clerk, and is
as follows*.
A BILL for the admission of the State of Kansas into the
Union.
Whereas, the people of Kansas have presented a consti-
tution, and asked admission into the Union, which consti-
tution, on due examination, is found to be republican in its
foim of government:
Br it. enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That
the State of Kansas shall be one, and is hereby declared to
be one, of the United States of America, and admitted into
the Union on an equal footing with the original States m all
respects whatever, with the following boundaries, to wit:
Beginning at a pomt on the western boundary of the State
of Missouri, where the thirty-seventh parallel of north lati-
tude crosses the same; thence west on said parallel to the
eastern boundary of New Mexico; thence north on said
boundary to latitude thirty-eight; thence following said
boundary westward to the east boundary of the Territory of
Utah, on the summit of the Rocky Mountains; thenc#
northward on said summit to the fortieth parallel of latitude;
thence east on said parallel to the western boundary of the
State of Missouri; thence south with the western bound-
ary of said State to the place of beginning.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the State of Kan-
sas shall be entitled to two Senators and one Representa-
tive in Congress.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said State of
