1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
the report of the Secretary of War. dated January
eighteen, eighteen hundred and fifty-five: Pro-
vided, That tile dredging machine purchased for
the improvement of the St. Clair Flats may be
employed, when not required therefor, at the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of War, in the improve-
ment of the St. Alarv's river or strait.
In the Senate of the United States, July
7, 1836.
The President of the United States having re-
turned to the Senate, in which it originated, the
bill entitled " An act malting an appropriation for
deepening the channel over the flats of the St.
Mary's river,in the State of Michigan," with his
objections thereto, the Senate proceeded, m pur-
suance of the Constitution, to reconsider the
same: and
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, two thirds
of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest ASBURY DICKINS,
Secretary of the Senate.
In the House of Representatives of the
United States, July 8, 185G.
The House of Representatives having been
notified by the Senate that the bill entitled " An
act making an appropriation for deepening the
channel over the fiats of the St. Mary's river, in
the State of Michigan," had been returned by the
President, with his objections, to the Senate, in
which itoiigniated,and that the Senate having pro-
ceed' d, m puisuanro of the Constitution, to recon-
sider the same, had ".Resolved, That the said bill
do past, tv/o thirds of the Senate agreeing to pass
the same;" the House of Repiesentatives pro-
ceeded, iii pursuance of the Constitution, to recon-
sider the said bill, and
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, two thirds
of the House of Representatives agieeing to pass
the same.
Attest: WILLIAM CULLOM,
Clerk House Representatives.
Public, XXXV.—.in At making an appropriation
for deepening the Channel over the St. Clair Flats,
'in the St-ite of Michigan.
T',e il enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of forty-five thousand
dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated
for'the purpose of deepenuii.the channel over the
St. Clair flats, in the btate of Michigan.
Is' Sex he of the United States, July 7, 1856.
The Piesident of the United States having re-
turned to the Senate, m which it originated, the
bill entitled " An act making an appropriation
for deepening the channel over the St. Clair fiats,
in the State of Michigan," with his objections
thereto, the Senate proceeded, in pursuance of
the Constitution, to reconsider the same; and
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, two thirds
of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: ASBURY DICKINS,
Secretary of the Senate.
Lv the houbc of Representatives of the
Uniild States, July 8, 1850.
The House of Representatives having been
notified by the Senate that the bill entitled " Au
act making an appropriation tor the deepening
the channel over\the St. Clair flats, in the State
of Michigan," had been returned by the Presi-
dent, swill his objections, to the Senate, in which
it on-mated, and that the Senate having pro-
ceeded, in pursuance of the Constitution, to
reconsider the s>unc, had Resolved, That the
said bill do puss, two thirds of the Senate agree-
ing to pass the same;" the House of Represent-
atives proceeded, it) pursuance of the Constitu-
tion, to reconsider the said bill; and
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, two thirds
of the House of Representatives agreeing to pass
the same.
Attest: WILLIAM CULLOM,
Clerk House Representatives.
Public, XXXVI.—An Act granting the Right of
Way to the St. Louis and Iron Mountain*. Rail-
road, through the Arsenal, Magazine, and Jeffer-
son Barracks Tract!,.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the right of way, sixty feet in
width, through the lands in which the St. Louis
arsenal, the St. Louis marine hospital, and Jeffer-
son barracks, are situated, m the State of Mis-
souri, be, and the same is hereby, granted to the
St. Louis and Iron Mountain Railroad Company,
for the construction of a railroad frorrf the city of
St. Louis through said lands: Provided, Said road
shall be constructed on the line upon which it is
now located: Provided,further, That a strong, sub-
' stantial plank fence be erected by said company
j between the road and the public grounds, and '
i between the road and the river, at such place and
of such character as the commanding officer at
Jefferson barracks shall direct, with suitable iron
gates, not exceeding four, at such points as shall
be selected by such commanding officer; and the
said company shall also cause to be constructed
not exceeding four covered ways, at suitable
places m part of said public grounds, and in such
manner as shall be approved by said command-
I ing officex; and if, after the fence herein provided
i for shall have been erected, and the said road put
j in operation, it shall be found, in the opinion of
! the President, to be insufficient for the protection
i of lives and property, he may require a fence of
I brick, stone, or iron, on the land side, to be con-
! structed, and the said company shall cause the
! same to be erected accordingly at their proper
! cost and charge: Provided also, That the said
■ company shall be liable for all losses which may
1 be sustained by the public, either by the destruc-
tion of public property, or by collision with the
! trains in passing over said grounds: And provided
i further, That said company shall use on their
i locomotives the customary or most approved
] means for arresting sparks from the chimneys;
j and that when the Government expects to re-
' ceive, or intends to ship, powder at tne magazine
! landms, upon giving twenty-four hours5 notice
| to said company of such exnectation or inten-
I tion, horse-power alone shall be used dv said
| company in passing during the receiving or ship-
! ping of'powder: and that so much of an act
j passed Februaryfourteenth,eighteen hundredand
fiftv-three, as is* inconsistent with this act, be, and
'! the same is hereby, repealed.
1 Approved, July 14, 1856.
j _  
j1 Public, XXXVII.—An Act to explain the Act ap-
proved twelfth April, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, entitled i(An act to establish additional Lund
Districts in the Territory of Minnesota "
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
; assembled, That the words, " west of the Missis-
1 sippi river,'' employed in the description in the
' first section of the act of twelfth April, eighteen
■hundredand fifty-four,entitled " An act^taestab-
; lish additional land districts m the Territory of
; Minnesota,"' shall be construed so as to embrace
i all the islands lying west of the middle of the
main channel of'said river, in the new districts
created west of the samejiy said act.
jj Approved, July S, 185G
!; Public, XXXVIII.-—An Act lo establish two Ad-
I; ditional Land Districts in the Territory of Min•
nesota.
j1 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
.■ sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
■■ assembled, Tliat all that portion of the Territory
;; of Minnesota which lies north of the line dividing
h townships forty-live and forty-six, north of the
base line east of the Mississippi river, and north
1 of the nearest township line, to be determined
j hereafter by the Commissioner of the General
;! Land Office', west of said river, extending thence
|l west to the Missouri river, be, and the same is
hereby, divided into and shall constitute two ad-
' ditional land districts, to wit: All that portion
lymo- east of the line dividing ranges eighteen
and nineteen west of the fourth principal merid-
ian shall constitute a land district, to be caded
the northeastern land district; and all that por-
tion west of the line dividing said ranges eighteen
and nineteen shall constitute an additional land
district in said Territory, to be callcd the north-
western land district—the location of the offices
for which shall be designated by the President
of the United States, and shall by him from time
to time be changed, as the public interests may
seem to require.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That th£
President be, and he is hereby, authorized, when-
ever m his judgment the public interest shall
require, to appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, or during the recess thereof,
and until the end of the next session of Congress
after such appointment, a register and a receiver
for each or either of the districts hereby created,
who shall respectively be required to reside at the
site of their offices, have the same powers, re-
sponsibilities, and emoluments, and be subject to
the same acts and penalties which are or may be
prescribed by law in relation to other land offices
of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
President is authorized to cause the public lands
in said districts, with the exception of such as
have been or may be reserved for other purposes,
to be exposed for sale, m the same manner and
upon the same terms and conditions as other
public lands of the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That for the
survey, at augmented rates, of meridian, standard
parallel, township, and section lines, in the dis-
tricts hereby created, the sum of forty thousand
dollars be, and the same is hereby,appropriated.
Approved, July 8,1856.
!| Public, XXXIX.—An Act to authorize the Pvesi-
ji dent of the United Slates to cause the Southern
jj Boundary Line of .Kansas Territory to be surveyed
i j and marked.
j! Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
j i sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
li assembled, Thatthe President of the United States
I! is hereov authorized and directed to cause the
ji southern boundary hne of the Territory ofKan-
[i sas. between the State of Missouri and the Ter-
I1 rnorv of New Mexico, to be surveyed and dis-
S; tinctiy marked; and a plat of said 'survey shall
ii be deposited in the office of the Secretary of the
Inter/or. and another plat of said survey shall be
deposited in the office of the secretary of the
Territory of Kansas.
Approved, July 8, 1856
Public, XL.—An Act for the construction of a
Roadfr.oni, Fort Ridg.cly, In the Territory of Min-
nesota, to the South. Pass of the-Rocky Mountains,
in the Territory of Nebraska.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of^merica in Congress
assembled, That the.sum of fifty thousand dollars
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, odt of
any money m the Treasury, for the construction
of a road from Fort Ridgely, In .the Territory t>f
Minnesota, to the South Pass of the Rocky
Mountains, in the Territory of Nebraska, the
said road to be constructed .under the direction
of the Secretary of .the Interior, pursuant to con-
tracts to be matte by him.
Approved, July 22, 1856.
Pt'BLic, XLI.—An Act making appropriations for
the Consular and Diplomatic Expense* of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
!i assembled, That the following sums be, and the
i same are hereby, appropriated out of any money
,1 in the Treasuiy not otherwise appropriated, for
j! the objects hereaf:er expressed, for the fiscal year
i: ending the thirtieth-of June, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-seven; namely:
;| For salaries of envoys extraordinary and min-
isters plenipotentiary of tlie United States at
ii Great Britain, France, Spain, Russia, Austria,
11 Prussia, Switzerland, Rome, Naples, Sardinia,
j, Belgium, Holland, Portugal, Denmark, Sweden^
