1056.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
not; the facts are certain. I thought, and I must
be permitted to say that I think yet, that it is
much better that the Government should be per-
mitted to protect its citizens, and give those citi-
zens an opportunity by the tilling of the soil to
sustain their wives and children, than it is to
compcl them to stand with musket or rifle in hand
to protect them. I did think, and I yet believe,
that my honored and distinguished colleague
was right when he spoke of the moral force al-
ways exerted by a military post; it extends far
into the country.
These were my convictions when I addressed
the Senate before, and they are my views now.
I have not understood, Mr. President, nor do I
understand now, that it is proposed to make this
fortification to stand throughout time. It is a
military post, and a permanent military post so
long as the exigencies of the country shall require
it to stand there. Its necessity seems to mo to
be established. No more than the Senator from
Kentucky will I act on the mere ipse dixit of any
man; but the reasons assigned by the Secretary
of War were satisfactory to mo. The Senator
says they are not so to him. Very well, sir, the
only result is, that my mind is convinced, and
his is not. I cannot, however, believe that this
difference of opinion will furnish the ground for
any difference of feeling between the honorable
Ssnator and myself. Certainly, on my part, I
beg leave to say to him there is 110 such feeling.
I should not have risen to say a word, but for
fear the honorable Senator might suppose that
in the course of my remarks I intended some
reflection on him. I intended none.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am very much im-
pressed by the kindness of manner with which
the gentleman has spoken, and I rise only for the
purpose of assuring him that I intended nothing
personal, nothing in the character of rebuke,
nothing unkind. It may be, as he says, that my
manner was so. If so, it is my frailty. It may
be that the temper of my remarks may have
given him cause of complaint. If so, I am sorry
jfor it. There is no member who wishes to cul-
tivate with one and all of his associates in this
body more kind and friendly relations than my-
self. We are all here simply to perform our
duty. I endeavor to perform mine, perhaps not
in the most appropriate manner, certainly not in
the most graceful manner; but gentlemen may
be assured without an intention to give personal
offense, unless when I think myself bound to
repulse such offense; but I did not consider the
gentleman as giving me. any such cause.
It seems, however, that I misunderstood the
gentleman. When I said I did not agree with him
in opinion, I stated his proposition as I under-
stood it. 1 stated it to be that on the mere hear-
ing of certain things he would vote money. We
have no sort of information except hearsay on
tliis subject, and 1 thought he said that would be
sufficient. I insisted that 1 could not agree with
him in that, but that I must have some proof,
some conviction on my mind. I said that my
convictions were to the contrary, and T could not
yield them on the mere ipse dixit of any mail.
No doubt the recommendation is honestly made.
It is my misfortune, perhaps, to differ from it. I
stated distinctly and clearly that [ could not sur-
render my judgment without surrendering myself
to the dictates of hearsay, and that I cannot
do.
I rose, sir, for the purpose of congratulating
myself upon the manner m which the gentleman
had been pleased to reply to me, and to explain
the remarks made by him. I am gratified at the
kindness of his manner. Mine may be a little
unfortunate; perhaps it is natural;and as for any
little temper 1 display I can only say that " my
mother gav't me."
Mr. GEYER. I do not wish to debate this
question, but I desire to state the reason which
will govern my vote. It is not the reason which
has been given by the Senator from Kentucky,
or the Senator from Maine. I am ready to vote
appropriations when the proper time shall arrive
to establish a military post, but I do not under-
stand that this appropriation is necessary for
the current fiscal year, and, therefore, it is not in
place in a deficiency bill. I have, on all occa-
sions, united with the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Finance m the effort to confine the
deficiency bill to its appropriate office; and for
that reason, and for that alone, I shall vote against
this appropriation.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Adams answered to his name.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I wish to makea single
remark in reference to thisappropriation, to show
its necessity in my opinion.
The PRESIDENT. It is too late for the Sen-
ator to proceed; the call of the roll has commenced,
and a Senator has answered to his name.
Mr. CLAYTON. The gentleman can proceed
by unanimous consent-
Unanimous consent was given.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. It has only been a few
years since it has been ascertained that the Gov-
ernment of the United States owns the Pembina
settlement. It was formerly considered as be-
longing to the British Government. While it
was regarded as belonging to the British Govern-
ment, the Indians in that vicinity being friendly
to the British, never disturbed the settlement.
Since Pembina has been found to belong to the
United States, they are at all times harassing
the settlers, and especially are they troublesome
to the Government surveyors of the "United States.
There is scarcely a deputy surveyor who comes
from that section of the country, which is now
being surveyed as rapidly as the surveyor gen-
eral can have the work executed, who does not
bring a claim against the Land Office for depre-
dations committed on him and his party by the
Indians who are m that section of the country.
Now, sir, allow this military post to be estab-
lished there, and our deputy surveyors will not
be molested. Congress has had to make appro-
priations to payout of the Treasury of the United
States large sums of money to deputy surveyors
who have had their property stolen, and have
been driven from the field by the Indians. I
think the appropriation ought to be made. I be-
lieve that not only is a military post needed at
this point, but there ought to be such posts at
several other places on the Missouri river and in
the western part of Minnesota Territory. I be-
lieve their establishment will save much money
to the Government eventually.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Will the Senator
explain to me who are the settlers, and what is
their number ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. As the Senator from
Michigan has remarked 
Mr. HUNTER. Has not the Secretary coiu-
menccd calling the roll?
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir; and one Senator
has answered.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I wish to ask one
question.
The PRESIDENT. Debate is out of order.
Mr.'BELL, of Tennessee. I desire to ask how
far this is from any other settlement ? I am not
in the habit of being disorderly. I am told it is
about five hundred or six hundred miles ill ad-
vance of the ordinary line of settlement.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. That shows the neces-
sity of the appropriation.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It does not show
that there was any necessity for their going there.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Weller, resulted—yeas
17, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bright, Cass,
CIa\ ton, Dodge, Fuol, Harlan, tvcison, Jones of Iowa.
JVXallory, TiaU, Pn<rh, Ru^k. Sebastian, Stuart, Thomson
of Ken- Jersey, and Weller—17.
NAYS—Mesas. Adams Bayard, Bell of Tennessee,
Benjamin, Bi^, Bi^lcr, Brown. Butler, Collamer, Cnttcn-
deii,'" Evans, I'esKmdcn, IV-ii, Fitzpatrick, Foster, Geyer,
Hale, Ilanihn, Houston, Hunter, lteid. SlldeSl, Sunnier,
Trumbull, tVaile, Wilson, and Yulee—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the bill will now be
reported to the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. There was a message referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs in regard
to which I desire to make a single remark. It is
a message from the President of the United
States, in which'he recommends an appropriation
of §300,000. This recommendation is founded
011 the following letter from the Secretary of the
Interior:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, March 4, 18r 6.
Pir : I have the honor to lay befoic you a communica-
tion of this date, with accompanying papers from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, lelative to the Indian distuib-
i ancea m Washington and Oregon Temtoueo, and to lccom-
mend that an immediate appropriation of three hundred
thousand dollars be asked of Congress, to be expended un-
der your direction, in restoring aad maintaining the peace-
able disposition of the Indian tribes on the Pacific.
I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,
JR. MeCLBLLAND, Secretary.
To the President of the United States.
This message ought not to have been referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs. At all
events, it never came into my hands until this
morning. It is not a recommendation from the
Secretary of War, and has no connection what-
ever with military operations; and it ought to
hare been referred to the Committee on Finance.
I think if it had been so referred, under the
recommendation of the President, it would have
been proper to introduce it as an amendment to
this bill; but, as I think I have this paper im-
properly, and as it ought to have gone to another
committee, I do not feel myself at liberty to offer
an amendment to cover the appropriation thus
asked for, although I have no doubt the public
interest would be advanced by appropriating this
sum.
Mr. HUNTER. There is no time now to look
into that matter. The House can put it into one
of our amendments if they choose, or we can
pass it as an independent bill, as we did in
regard to the expenses of the Cayuse war some
time since.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no further
amendments,the bill will be reported to the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I have another amendment
to offer, which I had overlooked. It is to cover
the case of one clerk employed in the State De-
partment. It is to increase the appropriation for a
the clerks of the fourth class, in the State D'e- V
partment, from $1,778 76 to $2,178 76. It is
merely to correct a mistake.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the question was on concurring in the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senate concur
generally in the amendments, or separately ?
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the vote will be taken
on all the amendments together, unless some
Senator wishes an exception.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to renew the amendment
that I offered from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, appropriating $5,000 to repair the
bridges across the Eastern Branch of the Poto-'
mac. It was rejected before by a tie vote, and I
apprehend that subsequent consideration will in-
duce members to vote for it.
Mr. HALE. The Senator can renew that
amendment after we have taken the question on
the others.
Mr. HUNTER. That will be the proper
course.
Mr. HALE. A vote on all the amendments
will not affect that. It was simply rejected in
Committee of the Whole. We can adopt the
other amendments and the Senator from Mary-
land can then renew his proposition.
Mr. PRATT. Very well.
The amendments, made as in Committee of the
Whole, were concurred in.
Mr. PRATT. I now renew the amendment
which was rejected by the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, to appropriate $5,000 to repair
the bridges across the eastern branch of the Po-
tomac river.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment
by adding ail appropriation for the Long Bridge,
to make it conform to the estimates.
Mr. PRATT. F hope the Senator will with-
draw that proposition. I should not again have
troubled the Senate with this amendment but for
the fact that it was rejected before by a tie vote.
The proposition now offered by the Senator from
New Hampshire was presented by the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] and then rejected
by a. -vote of 29 to 9,1 think. It must,therefore,
be apparent that it would be useless to incum-
ber my amendment with that proposition, which
it is the manifest sense of the Senate shall not be
adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. Cannot the Senator wait
until the general appropriation bill?
Mr. PRATT. No, sir. I understand that this
appropriation is of great importance now. The
communication between the State of Maryland
and the District of Columbia across the eastern
branch of the Potomac river, is dependent on this
