1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1469
Kaiisas is admitted into the Union upon the express condi-
tion that the people of said State, through their Legislature
or otherwise, shall never interfere with the primary dis-
posal of the public lands within its limits, ana shall pass no
law and do no act whereby the title of the United States
to, and right to dispose of, the same, shaJl be impaired or
questioned, or any other restrictions or limitations imposed
theieon than are embraced in the following section of this
act; and that they shall never lay any tax or assessment
of any description whatsoever upon the public domain of
the United States; and in no case shall non-resident pro-
piietors, who are citizens of the United Stated, be taxed
higher than residents; and that all the navigable waters
withm the said State shall be common highways and forever
free, as well to the inhabitants of said State as to the
citizens of the United States, without any tax, impost, or
duty therefor.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That the following
propositions be, and the same are hereby, offered to the
State of Kansas for the free acceptance or rejection by the
Legislature of said State, which, if accepted by the same,
shall be obligatory on the United States and upon the State
of Kansas, to wit:
First. That sections numbered sixteen and thirty-six in
every township of public lands in said State, and where
either of said sections, or any part thereof, has been sold
or otherwise been disposed of, othep lands, equivalent
thereto and as contiguous as may be, shall be granted in
said State for the use of schools.
Second. That seventy-two sections of land shall be set
apart and reserved for the use and support of a State uni-
versity, to be selected by the Governor of said State, sub-
ject to the approval of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and to be appropriated and applied in such
manner as the Legislature of said State may prescribe for
the purpose aforesaid, but for no other purpose.
Third. That ten entire sections of land, to be selected by
the Governor of said State, in legal subdivisions, shall be
granted to said State for the purpose of completing the pub-
he buildings, or for the erection of others at the seat of
Government, under the direction of the Legislature thereof.
Fourth. That all salt springs within said State, not ex-
ceeding twelve m number, with six sections of land adjoin-
ing, or as contiguous as may be to each, shall be granted to
said State fonts use ; the same to be selected by the Gov-
ernor theieof within one year after the admission of s>aid
State, and, when <>o selected, to he used or disposed of on
such terms, conditions, and regulations, a^ the Legislature
shall direct: Provided, That no salt spring or land, the
right whereof is now vested m any individual or individuals,
or which maybe hereafter confirmed or adjudged to any
individual or individuals, shall by this article be granted to
6>uid Slate.
Fifth. That five per eent. of the n^t proceeds of sales of
all public lands lying within said State, which shall be sold
by Congress after the admission of said State into the Union,
after deducting all the expenses incident to the same, shall
be paid to said State, for the purpose of making public
roads and internal improvements, as the Legislature shall
direct.
Mr. GROW. In order to prevent tliis bill from
going to the Speaker's table, in case of the ad-
journment of the House, or of the House pro-
ceeding to other business, I move to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Territories. I pro-
pose to make a brief statement of the proceed-
ings which brought this constitution here for the
action of Congress; then to leave the question
open for a reasonable discussion, and to reserve
what further remarks I may wish to make, until
the debate shall have been closed.; when I shall
be entitled to an hour under the rules of the
House.
On the 20th of May, 1854, a bill passed Con-
gress for the organization of the Territory of
Kansas. In February, 1855, a census was taken
under the provisions of that act of the legal voters
of the Territory. By that census there were two
thousand nine hundred and five legal voters in the
Territory. The election for members of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature was held under that organic
act on the 30th of March following, in which six
thousand three hundred and thirty-ones votes
were polled. The Territorial Assembly thuselect-
ed, without stopping to notice the contest before
the Governor which took place for seats, met m
July following to enact laws for the government
of the Territory of Kansas.
I do not propose to stop here to read from the
code of pretended laws enacted by that body,
for they are familiar to every member of this
House, and extracts have been read by many
members. The people of the Territory regarded
them as oppressive and wrong, an imposition
upon them by a usurpation of legislative author-
ity, and that they were not bound by any con-
siderations of justice or right to submit to them.
Upon this subject I will only cite the opinions of
a Senator from Delaware, [Mr. ClAyton,] whose
sense of justice is unaffected by the prejudice of
his section:
" i denounce this as an unjust and cruel law against one
section of-the Union, and an insult to honorable men who
differ tntallv with mo on great questions of politics, and yet
aie as honest as I am. or any man on this floor." * * *
u I hold this injustice to be unexampled."
Such is the opinion of a man who, from his
local position, and his public life, cannot be re-
garded as a fanatic, of the code of laws enacted
by the Territorial Legislature of Kansas. These
acts impose disqualifications on account of pri-
vate judgment, unwarranted and unheard of, not
only as to the exercise of the elective franchise,
but disqualifications for holding offices, or serving
on juries, and prohibitions on freedom of speech .
and of the press. The people of the Territory
regarded the action of this Legislature as a usurp-
ation of power; and even if it were not, they
believed in the motto of Jefferson, that" Resist-
ance to tyrants is obedience to God." They
called a convention at Lawrence, on the 13th or
14th of August, 1855, to repudiate the action of
the Legislative Assembly thus chosen, and re-
solved to ask Congress to redress their wrong.
The meeting was held after the passage of the
laws which the Senator from Delaware declared,
in the Senate Chamber, to be unprecedented in
injustice, and an insult to one whole section of
the Union. It was for the purpose of repudiating
the action of that Legislature. But that move-
ment was merged in another, not of a party char-
acter. And I propose to show, in the course of
the remarks I shall make, that the people have
taken no illegal, no unconstitutional steps, in
bringing this constitution before this House.
Though denounced by the President of the United
States as a rabble—a mere party of factionists—
they come here violating no clause of the Consti-
tution of the United States, violating no law, and
trampling upon no right.
After the meeting at Lawrence, the next meet-
ing was held at Big Springs, the 5th of Septem-
ber, 1855, called by citizens of the Territory,
irrespective of party. As a remedy for their
wrongs under the illegal and oppressive enact-
ments of the Legislature, they proposed the form-
ation of a State government, and to ask Congress
to admit the State into the Union. That Big
Spring meeting was no faction, rabble, or mere
party. Men took part in the meeting who, before
going to the Territory, were supporters of the
Kansas and Nebraska bill. They asked Con-
gress to protect them in what they had pledged
in that bill, that they were to be left perfectly free
to form and regulate their domestic institutions
in their own way. Men who, during their whole
lives, had been considered as national, in the sec-
tional sense of nationality, as claimed by pro-
slavery Democrats and southern men—in that
convention was William Y. Roberts, who, as a
member of the Pennsylvania Legislature, was
one of the most national of the so-called national
Democrats; Mr. Lane, of Indiana, who voted
in this Hall for the Kansas and Nebraska bill;
Mr. Parrot, of Ohio, who voted in the Legislature
of that State for Mr. Pugh for Senator;—these
men, I trust, will not be regarded as factionists
or fanatics.
That convention camped upon the open prairie,
and lasted two days. It recommended to the
people of Kansas the propriety of calling a con-
vention of delegates to assemble at Topeka,
in order to take into consideration the propriety
of forming a State constitution. Delegates to
that convention met on the 19th of September,
1855. That convention, composed of delegates
from every part of the Territory, recommended
a convention to frame a State constitution, and
apportioned delegates according to the apportion-
ment made by the Governor for members of the
Legislature. The delegates were elected by the
people, and met at Topeka on the 23d of October,
1855, and framed the constitution now presented
for our action, which was submitted to a vote of
the people on the 15th of December, 1855. On
the loth of January, 1856, the Governor, members
of the Legislature, and other State officers, were
elected. The Legislature thus elected assembled
on the 4thday of March, 1856, and clected United
States Senators. They did nothing else except
to pass a resolve that no act of theirs should be
enforced in the Territory; that no officer should
be empowered or authorized to act until the action
of Congress on their admission as a State.
Here then, Mr. Speaker, is the action of the peo-
ple of Kansas Territory to throw off an odious and
oppressive Territorial Legislature—one imposed
upon them by usurpation and fraud. They come
here under that clause of the Constitution which
guaranties to the people of the country the right
to petition for a redress of grievances. They
have precedent for what they have done, which
we cite jn the report accompanying this bill. It
was decided in the case of Arkansas, by the con-
stituted legal authority of the Government, that
the people of that Territory had a right to assem-
ble, independently of any actiorfeither of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature, or the General Government,
to form a State constitution with a view to asking
Congress for admission as a State. Before apply-
ing to Congress for admission, they must have a
State government—all the officers necessary to
put a Btate governmentinto successful operation.
We do not admit a Territory, under the clause
to admit new States. In speaking of that clause
of the Constitution, Attorney GeneralButler used
the following language, in the case of Arkansas,
in 1835;
"This provision implies that the new State shall have
been constituted by the settlement of a constitution or frame
of government, and by the appointment of those official
agents which are indispensable to its action as a State, and
especially to its action as a member of the Union, prior to
its admission into the Union. In accordance with tins im-
plication, every State received into the Union since the
adoption of the Federal Constitution has been actually
organized prior to such admission."
Then, sir, nothing has been done in Kansas,
thus far, other than what the people of the Ter-
ritory had the right to do under the Constitution
of the United States. They have violated no law—
have trampled on the rights of no citizen or class
of citizens; but they have gone on peaceably to
change their form of government m the mode
prescribed and sanctioned by the Constitution
of the United States.-
"What are the grievances they ask to be re-
dressed ? Under so odious aud humiliating a
surveillance and vassalage are the citizens of the
Territory at present, that, to pass from one portion
to another, they are forced to carry a pass from
some officer of the Territory. Thus American
citizens are reduced to the degraded and despi-
cable condition of subjects of the petty despotisms
of the Old World, wW are required to carry a
■vised passport in passing from one miserable little
principality to another; they are subjected to a
system of espionage to which our Constitution and
statesmen have ever been opposed. American
citizcns are forced to carry their passes in Kansas
to save themselves from indignity and being de-
spoiled of their property by bands of lawless ma-
rauders. They ask this redress of grievances at
the hands of Congress: that we shall give them a
government of their own formation, in order that
they may protect themselves, instead of leaving
them to the care of this Administration and its
minions, who have already trampled in the dust
their dearest and most sacred rights.
Gentlemen may say they propose to redress their
grievances by extending to them another territo-
rial organization. How can any change of ter-
ritorial government whatever relieve them when
that government must be executed by appointees
of this Administration ? How can they look to
this Administration and its minions for protection
when they have failed to execute the provisions
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, which guarantied to
the people the right to form their domestic insti-
tutions and regulate their affairs in their own way ?
Those charged with the faithful administration of
the laws have permitted an invasion of non-resi-
dents, and usurpation of legislative powers, and
now give force to the enactments of a Legislature
forced on the people by fraud and violence. One
of the Senators of the United States has declared
that some of those enactments are acts of injus-
tice unexampled. Will you place another terri-
torial government over this people, to be executed
by the machinery of this Administration, and call
it any redress of grievances ? American citizens
there are now liable to personal search, although
the Constitution of the United States has guaran-
tied them against search of person or houses
without regular legal process. This Administra-
tion permits that sacred guarantee of the Consti-
tution to be trampled in the dust; and it permits
men to be despoiled of their property unlawfully.
How would they be protected against such abuse
m any change of territorial organization? The
Federal Government, by its minions, disarms in-
' offensive citizens, and then batters to pieces, with
cannon, dwelling-houses and printing-presses.
Sir, this is a strange day for the American Re-
public. We present a strange spectacle to the
world. While we profess to be the friends and
