10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Turkey, China, Brazil, Peru, Chili, Argentine
Republic, New Granada, Bolivia, Ecuador, Ven-
ezuela, Guatemala, Nicaragua, and Mcxico, two
hundred and sixty-seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
For salaries of the secretaries of legation of the
United States at Great Britain, Prance, Spain,
Russia, Austria, Prussia, Switzerland, Rome,
Naples, Sardinia, Belgium, Holland, Portugal,
Denmark, Sweden, Brazil, Peru, Chili, Argen-
tine Republic, New Granada, Bolivia, Ecuador,
Venezuela, Guatemala, Nicaragua, and Mexico,
forty-four thousand five hundred dollars.
For salary of the commissioner to the Sandwich
Islands, six thousand dollars.
For salary of an interpreter to the mission of
China, at the rate of five thousand dollars per
annum, five thousand dollars.
For _salary of a dragoman to the mission to
Turkey, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
sixty thousand dollars.
For expenses of intercourse with the Barbary
Powers, six thousand dollars.
For the relief and protection of American sea-
men in foreign countries, one hundred and twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For expenses which may be incurred in ac-
knowledging the services of the masters and
crews of foreign vessels in rescuing citizens and
vessels of the United States from shipwreck, three
thousand dollars, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States.
For the purchase of blank books, stationery,
arms of the United States, presses, and flags, and
for the payment of postages for the consuls of the
United States, fifteen thousand dollars.
For compensation of the commissioner pro-
vided in the first article of the reciprocity treaty
with Great Britain, two thousand dollars.
For salaries of consuls and commercial agents
of the United States atLondon, Liverpool, Glas-
gow, Dundee, Newcastle, Leeds, Belfast, Ilong-
j.vong, Calcutta, Halifax, Melbourne, Nassau,
Kingston, (Jamaica,) Rotterdam, Amsterdam,
Aix la Chapelh', Paris, Havre, Marseilles, Bor-
deaux, Lyons, La lioehelli', Nantes, Cadiz, Mal-
aga, St. Jugo de Cuba, iVlstanzas, Si. John's,
(P. R.,) Trinidad de Cuba, Ponce, (P. !!..,) Ha-
vana, Lisbon, Funehal, Antwerp, St. 1'etorsliurg,
St. Thomas, Elsmeur. Trieste, Vienna, Leipsie,
Munich, Bremen, I!.mi burg, Frankfort-oii-the
Maine, including the Grand Duchy of Hesse
Darmstadt, the Electorate of Hesse Cass.-l, the
Duchy of Nassau and the Landgravate of Ilcssc
llomburg, Stuttgaidt, Carlsrue, Paste, Zurich,
Geneva, Genoa, Leghorn, Naples, Palermo, Mes-
sina, Constantinople, Smyrna, Beirut, Jerusa-
lem, Alexandria, Tangiers, Tripoli, Tunis, Can-
ton, Shanghai, Amoy, Fouehow, Ningpo, Hon-
olulu, Port au Prince, City of St. Domingo, Vera
Cruz, Acapuleo, St. Juan del Norte, St. Juan del i
Sur, Panama, Aspinwall, Laguayra, Rip de Ja-
neiro, Pernambuco, Buenos Ayres, Call'ao, Val-
paraiso, Southampton, Bristol, Leilh, Dublin,
Cotk, Galwav, Bombay, Singapore, Gibraltar,
Island of Malta. Cape Town, Fort Louis, St. j
John's, (N. B.,) Pictou, Demarara, Sidney,
Falkland Islands, Hobartown, Bermuda, Turk's '
Island, Barbadoes, Island of Trinidad, St. tleie- |
na, St. Christopher, Antigua, Ceylon, Odessa, j
Galatza, Martinique, Miqutlon, Barcelona, Ma-
nilla, Macao, Mozambique, Fayal, St. Jago, !
Cape Vei'd, Hanover, Schwerin, Oldenburg,
SantaCruz,Gottenburg,Venice,Spezzia, Athens, j
G'andia, Cyprus, Zante, Monrovia, Zanzibar,
Bay Islands, Cape Haytim, Aux Caves, Mexi- !
co, Paso del Noi te, Tampico, Matamoras, Tabas- I
co, Mazatlan, Tehuantfpee, Mmatitlan, Omoa I
and Truxillo, San Jose, Carthagena, Sabanillo,
Ciudad Bolivar, Puerto Cabello, Maraeaibo. Guy-
aquil, Maranham Island, llio Grande, Bahia,
Para, Montevideo, Taleahnano, Parta, Tumbez,
Lahama, Hilo, Apra, Tahite, Lanthala, JJata-
via, Paramaribo, Pandang St. Martin, and Cura-
90a, two hundred and seventy-one thousand
seven hundred and fifty dollars.
_ For the salary of the consul general at Simodd,
111 Japan, five thousand dollais.
For the salary of the consul general to the
British North American provinces, four thousand
dollars.
• For estimated loss by exchange on drafts of
consuls and commercial agents for salary, forty-
two thousand one hundred and twelve dollars and
fifty cents.
For the prosecution of the work, including pay
of commissioner, and all other expenses provided
in the first article of the recipx-ocity treaty with
Groat Britain, eleven thousand five hundred and
ninety-five dollars.
For expenses of the consulates in the Turkish
dominions, viz: interpreters, guards, and other
expenses of the consulates at Constantinople,
Smyrna, Candia, and Alexandria, two thousand
dollars.
For interpreters, guard, and other expenses of
the consulate at Beirut, five hundred dollars.
Approved, August 1, 1856.
Public, XLII.—AnActforlhe relief of the Widows
and Orphans (f the Officers, Seamen, and Marines
of the United, States sloop of war Albany, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That for the purpose of fixing the time
at which shall commence the pensions, under the
existing laws, of the widows and orphan children
of the officers, seamen, and marines, and others
111 service, who were lost in the United States
sloop of war Albany, as well as the time to which
the pay of said officers, seamen, and marines,
and others in service, shall be allowed, the eigh-
teenth day of Apul, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-five, shall be deemed and taken to be
the day 011 which the said sloop of war Albany
foundered at sea. And that, for the like purposes,
the twenty-ninth day of June, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-five, shall be deemed and taken
to be the day on which the United States brig
Porpoise was lost in like manner.
Sf.c. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
widow, or child or children, and in case there,
be no widow, or child or children, (as aforesaid,)
then the parent or parents, and if there are 110
parents, the brothers and sisters, of the officers,
seamen, marines, and others in service, who
were lost in said sloop of war Albany and brig
Pol-poise, including captains'clerk, and assistant
diaughtsman, shall be entitled to, and receive,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, a sum equal to twelve months' pay
of their respective deceased relations aforesaid,"
in addition to the pay due to the said deceased
at the date of the loss of said vessels respect-
ively.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment he, and hereby are, authorized and
directed to settle the accounts of Nixon White,
late purser in the Navy, who was lost 111 the sloop
of war Albany, with all his accounts and vouchers
for expenditures and payments made by him, and
with all the money, stores, and supplies procured
for the use of said vessel, and to allow him a
credit for whatever sum appears to be due from
him on the books of the Department
Sr.c. 4. Andbe it further enacted, Thatth" pen-
sions and payments made to the proper represent-
atives (as provided for 111 this act) of Passed
Midshipman William K. Bridge, who was in
command as acting lieutenant of the brig Por-
poise when she was lost, and of the other passed
midshipmen who were on board the Porpoise
when she was lost, under orders from the Navy
Department, as acting lieutenants, as well as their
pay from the time of their joining said vessel,
shall be the same as though they were then duly
commissioned and actually holding said rank of
lieutenant.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That, for the
purpose of fixing the time to which the pay of
Passed Midshipman William C. Smith shall be
allowed, the first day of May, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-one, shall be deemed and taken
to be the day on which the said Smith was lost
at sea.
Approved, August 1? 1856.
Public, XLIII.—Jin Jict to amend an Jict entitled
"An Act to establish a Court for the investigation
of Claims against the United States," approved
February twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-fin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 'Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That any two of the judges of the
court of claims, authorized by the act to which
this is an amendment, approved the twenty-fourth
day of February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
shall constitute a quorum, and may hold a court
for the transaction of business, and the court may
appoint commissioners to take testimony in the
manner prescribed in the said act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That an as-
sistant solicitor shall be appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, whose duty it shall be to aid the solicitor
111 the performance of the duties mentioned in
the said act, and shall take an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States, and dis-
charge faithfully the duties of his office, and ho
shall receive a salary of three thousand five hun-
dred dollars per annum, and shall bold his office
for a period of four years, unless sooner removed
by the President. And the solicitor of the United
States, mentioned in the act to which this is an
amendment, shall have power, and he is hereby
authorized, to employ a deputy, who shall receive
a salary of two thousand five hundred dollars
per annum, and whose duty it shall be to aid the
said solicitor in the performance of the duties
mentioned in said act, in such way as the said
solicitor shall direct.
Sue. 3. Andbe it further enacted. That the clerk
of the said court shall be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to disburse, under the direction of the said
court, the contingent fund which may hereafter
be appropriated from time to time for the use of
said court: Provided, He shall first give bond in
such an amount, and in such form, and with such
security, as shall be approved by the Secretary
of the Treasury: And provided, further, That his
accounts shall be settled by the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury in the same way as
the accounts of other disbursing agents of the
Government nj-e now settltd. And from and after
the first day of April, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-six, the salary of the said clerk shall be
three thousand dollars per annum, and the salary
of the assistant clerk shall be two thousand dol-
lars per annum.
Approved, August 6, 1856.
Public, XL1V.—An Act granting Public Lands
in alternate Sections to the State of Mississippi, to
aid in the construction of Railroads in said Stale,
and for other piuipuscb.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America hi Congress
assembled, That there be, and is hereby,granted
to the State of Mississippi, for the purpose
of aiding in the construction of railroads from
Jackson to the line between the State of Mis-
sissippi and the State of Alabama; from Tusca-
loosa to the Mobile railroad within Mississippi;
and from Brandon to the Gulf of Mexico, every
alternate section of land designated by even num-
bers, for six sections in width, on each side of
each of said roads. But in ease it shall appear
that the United States have, when the lines or
routes of said roads are definitely fixed, sold any
sections, or any parts thereof, granted as afore-
said, or that the right of preemption has attached
to the same, then it shall be lawful for any agent
or agents, to be appointed by the Governor of
said State, to select, subject to the approval of the
Secretary of the Interior, from the lands of the
United States nearest to the tiers of sections above
specified, so much land, in alternate sections or
parts of sections, as shall be equal to such lands
as the United States shall have sold, or otherwise
appropriated, or to which the right of preemption
has attached as aforesaid; which lands (thus se-
lected in lieu of those sold, and to which preemp-
tion rights have attached as ^foresaid, together
with the sections, and parts of sections, desig-
nated by citfm numbers, as aforesaid, and appro-
priated as aforesaid) shall be held by the said
