744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
■1
appropriation. These bridges were formerly in the
hands of private corporations, and the United
States have bought them, abolished the toll form-
erly levied for the purpose of repair, and have
assumed upon themselves the obligation of keep-
ing them in order.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not the same remark true
in relation tn the Long Bridge ?
Mr. PRATT. The sense of the Senate is, that
the Long Bridge shall be pulled down; that is the
judgment of the Senate, as expressed by a vote
of 29 to 9. If, however, Senators will insist on
having that proposition voted upon again, let
us have it presented. I think two thirds of the
Senate are in favor of having the Long Bridge
discontinued; and I believe, therefore, it is useless
to offer the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not agree that the Sen-
ate have determined to tear down that bridge.
The PRESIDENT. The question is upon the
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire,
to the amendment of the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. HALE. I will not insist upon it.
Mr. HUNTER. I must offer it.
Mr. PRATT. I call for the yeas and nays on
the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia, to
amend the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land, by inserting the words "Potomac bridge
and the" before the word " navy-yard," and to
strikeout "five" and insert "eleven," so that
the amendment shall read:
For repairs of the Potomac Bridge, and the navy-yard
and uppei bridges of the eastern branch of the Potomac
river, $11,000.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall vote for the amend-
ment to the amendment; and if that be negatived,
I shall still vote for the original amendment offered
by the honorable Senator from Maryland, and I
desire to stato very briefly my reasons for these
votes.
This is a deficiency bill, and these appropria-
tions are rccommenacd on the ground that they
are necessary to make temporary repairs for the
safety of these bridges. I can sec no reason which
applies to the bridges over the Eastern Branch,
that does not apply to the Long Bridge, unless
the Senate, without any investigation, on a collat-
eral question, have determined to abandon the
Long Bridge. If they have not so determined,
the temporary repair of that bridge is as essen-
tial to be provided for in the deficiency bill as the
temporary repair of these others. The sum is a
small one; and I do not suppose the Senate meant
to decide that they would altogether abandon the
Long Bridge in this collateral mode. I think we
are as much bound to provide for the safety of
passengers over that bridge as over the others.
All of them belong to the Government. The
only reason for placing in this bill an appropria-
tion for the bridges over the Eastern Branch is,
that it is necessary to make temporary repairs
with a view to the safety of those who have oc-
casion to use them. That reason is as applica-
ble to the case of the Long Bridge, and I shall
therefore vote for the amendment to the amend-
ment; but if I cannot obtain that, I shall vote for
the appropriation proposed by the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator from Delaware
is undoubtedly right in one respect, and I appre-
hend that every Senator who lias not made up
his mind that the Long Bridge is a nuisance, and
ought to be discontinued, will vote for the amend-
ment to the amendment; but I apprehend it to be
well ascertained that a large majority of this
body, not only this year but for several sessions
past, have entertained and expressed the opinion
that this bridge is a nuisance. Those who so
think will of course vote against the amendment
of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, wheneverthere
shall be a proposition to build a new bridge and to
repair the old one, and keep it in a traveling con-
dition until the new one shall be built, I will vote
for it. I am opposed, however, to patching it up
and keeping it m the condition in which it has
been for several years past. The Senate has
expressed its opposition to that state of things;
but now my friend from Delaware says that this
question has not been considered, and that we
are inquiring into it in a collateral way. I think
he has fallen into a great mistake. This is a sub-
ject which has been discussed in both Houses
ever since I have been in Congress.
Mr. BAYARD. What I said was, that it had
not been the determination of Congress that they
would abandon the Long Bridge. If there has
been such a resolution I am not aware of it.
Mr. BROWN. I do not know that that spe-
cific proposition has been before the Senate, but
certainly the whole debate the other day pro-
ceeded on the idea that the Long Bridge was to be
abandoned; and at the last session, and several
preceding sessions, the Senate refused to make
appropriations on the grounds stated by my friend
from Maryland—that it was a nuisance.
I am willing to build a bridge across the Poto-
mac at the proper place and in the proper man-
ner. In the bill for building that new bridge I
shall have no objection to including an item for
repairing the old one temporarily, so that it can
be used while the new one is being built. The
result of patching up this old bridge, however,
for years past, has been simply to keep it there.
If Congress does no more, there is a large interest
in favor of keeping that bridge as it is, who will
oppose appropriations to build a new bridge; and
whenever they can get this old concern patched
up they set their faces against a new bridge any-
where.
Now, I wish to keep things in such a condition
that we can carry on both works together. I am
opposed to this proposition, not because I wish
to stop the travel between the two shores, but
because it cannot be long before we shall have
under consideration a proposition to build an
entirely new bridge, and in the bill to provide for
its construction we can make an appropriation to
repair the old one temporarily. That will meet
all the wants of the community, and will carry
out what I conceive to be the sense of the Senate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It seems to be assumed
in this debate that there is an obligation on the
part of the Federal Government to keep up these
bridges. I deny it. I go to the root of the evil;
and I deny that there is any obligation on the
part of Congress to maintain these bridges out of
the Federal Treasury. By whom arc they used ?
By a few people coming to market in this city.
Most of the provisions brought here for the sup-
port of the citizens of this District come by rail-
road from Baltimore, or by vessels from Phila-
delphia or New*York up the Potomac. Then,
why spend millions of dollars for the purpose of
keeping up any of these bridges? I object to the
whole concern, and that is the reason why I am
opposed to the amendment.
Mr. HALE. It strikes me that this is a very
simple matter. I understand that the Government
of the United States has bought the Long Bridge.
Tt is a public highway. The United States? own
it; and if they own it as a public highway it
is their duty to do one of two things—either to
remove it, and cease to have it as a highway, or
else to keep it in repair. They have no right to
keep it there as a highway, and leave it in such a
state that it is not fit to travel over. They must
either abandon the proprietorship, and abandon
it as a highway, or repair it.
There is another reason for the amendment of
the Senator from Virginia. Why should we give
an advantage to the people who come over the
bridges from Maryland? Why should we repair
those bridges and neglect this? The honorable
Senator from Mississippi, it seems to me, mis-
takes the matter. He talks as if somebody else
had got to build this bridge, and we had to coerce
them.
Mr. BROWN. Not at all.
Mr. HALE. The Senator did not say it, but
that was the drift of his argument. He said he
wished to withhold the appropriation until a new
bridge was made. Well, sir, a new bridge will
be made when Congress sees fit to do so, and not
before. If you own this bridge, you should never
cease repairing it, when repairs are needed, until
you make a new bridge. Then, and not till then,
should you talk of abandoning the old one.
Mr. MASON. I feel bound to say a few words
on this amendment. A vast number of the people
of the State which I represent are deeply inter-
ested in keeping up a communication with the
city of Washington at all times, and, through the
city of Washington, with the country lying north
and east of it. This is the only mode, at certain
periods of the year, by which they can get here
at all. Independently of that, we know very well,
that for two months during the present year, and
for some period during every year, this is the
only means by which persons can pass from one
end of this Confederacy to the other, on the
great line of travel from North to South.
Now, what is proposed? The bridge is there.
Whether it was wise or not to put it there is
another question. It has been there for forty or
fifty years. Congress has made it public prop-
erty. Congress purchased that bridge some years
ago from its owners, not under a written pledge
that I am aware of, but certainly under an obli-
gation in good faith, almost as binding as a written*
pledge, to keep it as a thoroughfare, in proper
condition. Now, I understand the Senator from
Mississippi to say, that if we repair that bridge
it will have the effect of continuing the bridge at
its present location, and will deter Congress from
building a bridge anywhere else. That is, I
should say, an argument addressed by the Senate
to itself, to coerce itself to do another act at some
future time. I do not know whether they ever
will build another bridge, or where they will put
it. I entertain great doubt, because the more I
have thought of it the more difficult the whole
subject appears to be. But if this appropriation
is now withheld, and the bridge goes down in
consequence, as I presume it will, what will be
the result ? While Congress is waiting, and may
wait for years, to determine what future policy it
will pursue, it will deprive the whole traveling
public between the North and the South, and a
large portion of the local community on each side
of the river, of this passway, which Congress
undertook to provide for, and I cannot but think
is under obligation in good faith to keep up until
some other mode is provided.
I am aware of the difference which exists be-
tween the cities of Washington and Georgetown
in reference to the effect of the bridge on the nav-
igation of the Potomac river. My own strong
impression is, from personal knowledge, that the
navigation of the river has been very seriously
obstructed sincc the bridge was put there, and to
that extent Georgetown has been prejudiced; but
I am rather disposed to think that the injury
which has been done was made by constructing
the bridge—constructing part of it a causeway,
and thus obstructing the passage of water. I am
aware of what was said by the Senator from
Texas and other Senators a few days ago, that
obstructions in the river have been traced to the
wrong source, and that they did not arise from
this bridge, but from the causeway which crossed
from Analaston Island, higher up to the Virginia
shore. The Senator is right in that. I have no
doubt, again from personal observation for a
series of years, that that causeway did cause new
bars and flats to be formed in the river, but in a
very different part of it, unaffected altogether by
those which have been created by the causeway
here built. They arise from two causes.
But, sir, however all this may be, I really should
(but with very great lespcct) question the provi-
dence as well as the expediency of withholding
now this very small appropriation to keep up a
right of way, which will involve a serious public
inconvenience if it is allowed to go into decay
and disuse, and under circumstances in which I
think the faith of Congress is conccmed.
Mr. RUSK. I understand that this amendment
is offered by the Committee on the District of
Columbia, in accordance with a recommendation
and estimate of the proper Department. That
Department estimated for the repair of the Long
Bridge and the bridges over the Eastern Branch.
It is well understood that some damage has oc-
curred to the Long Bridge recently, which makes
the repair of that bridge, if it is to be kept up,
more necessary than the repair of the other two
bridges. These other bridges are means of com-
munication between the people of Maryland and
the District of Columbia, l'hey have been pur-
chased from the original owners by Congress,
and I have no objection to keeping them up for
the convenience of the people of Maryland and
the District of Columbia; but the same reasons
apply to the Long Bridge. It is a means of com-
munication between the District of Columbia and
Virginia, and a large amount of the supplies for
this city comes over that bridge. Of that there
