1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fl
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
State for the use and purpose aforesaid: Provided,
That the land to be so located shall in no case be
further than fifteen miles from the lines of said
roads, and selected for and on account of each of
said roads: Provided further, That the lands hereby-
granted shall be exclusively applied in the con-
struction of that road for and on account of which
taid lands are hereby granted, and shall be dis-
posed of only as the work progresses, and the
same shall be applied to no other purpose what-
soever: And provided further, That any and all
lands heretofore reserved to the United States by
any act of Congress, or in any other manner by
competent authority, for the purpose of aiding in
any object of internal improvement, or for any
other purpose whatsoever, be-, and the same are
hereby, reserved to the United States from the
operation of this act, except so far as it may be
found necessary to locate the routes of said rail-
roads through such reserved lands, in which case
the right of way only shall be granted, subject to
the approval of the President of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sec-
tions and parts of sections of land which, by said
grant, shall remain to the United States within
six miles on each side of said roads, shall not be
sold for less than double the minimum price of the
public lands when sold, nor shall any of the said
lands become subject to private entry until the
same have been first offered at public sale at the
increased price.
Sec. 3. And be it. further enacted, That the said
lands hereby granted to the said State shall be
subject to the disposal of the Legislature thereof
for the purpose aforesaid, and no other; and the
said railroads shall be and remain public high-
ways, for the use of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, free from toll or other charge upon the
transpoi tation of any property or troops of the
United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the lands
hereby granted to the said State shall be disposed
of by said State only in manner following: that
is to say, that a quantity of land not exceeding
one hundred and twenty sections for each of said
roads, and included within a continuous length
of twenty miles of each of said roads, may bo
sold-, and when the Governor of said State shall
certify to the Secretary of the Interior that any
continuous twenty miles of cither of said roads
is completed, then another like quantity of land
hereby granted, not exceeding- one hundred and
twenty sections for such road, may be sold; and
so, from time to time, until said roads are com-
pleted; and if said roads are not completed within
ten years, no further sales shall be made, and the
land's unsold shall revert to the United States.
Sue. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
United States mail shall be transported over said
railroads under the direction of the Post Office
Department, at such price as Congress may by
lav.- direct. Frocided, That until such price is
fixed by law, the Postmaster General shall have
the power to determine the same.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, a like
grant to the same extent, and on the same terms
and conditions in all respects, is hereby made to
aid in constructing a railroad from the city of
Mobile to New Orleans, such grant to be made
to the several States through winch said road shall
pass so far as said road is within their respective
limits.
Approved, August 11, 1856.
Public, XLV.—In. ad to Incorporate the Colum-
bia Library of Capitol Hill, in the City of Wash-
ington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That James Adams as president, and
Jacqueline S. Pendleton, William H. Winter,
Jatms A. Brown, James A. Tait, and James
McDermott, and their successors duly elected or
appointed m the manner hereinafter directed, be,
and they are hereby, made, declared, and consti-
tuted, a corporation or body-politic, in law and m
fact, to have continuance torever by the name,
style,and title, of "The Columbia Libraiy of
Capitol Hill, m thecity of Washington," and by
that name, style, and title, shall be hereafter for-
ever able and capable, in law and equity, to sue
and be sued, plead and be impleaded, answer and
be answered unto, defend and be defended., in any
court or courts, or other places, and before any
judge or judges, justice or justices, or other per-
son whatsoever, within the District of Columbia,
or elsewhere, in all and all manner of suits, actions,
complaints, pleas, causes, matters, and demands
of whatever kind or nature they may be, in as full
and effectual a manner as any other person or per-
sons, bodies-politic or corporate, may or can do.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all and
singular the goods, chattels, and other effects, of
what kind or nature soever, heretofore given,
granted, or devised to the said library, or to any
person or persons for the use thereof, or that
may have been purchased for or on account of
the same, be, and the said goods and chattels
and other effects are hereby, vested in and con-
firmed to the said corporation. And the said
corporation may take and receive any sum or
sums of money or any goods, chattels, or other
effects, of what kind or nature soever,which shall
or may hereafter be given, granted, or bequeathed
unto them by any person or persons, bodies poli-
tic or corporate, capable of making such gift,
grant, or bequest: Provided, That the goods, chat-
tels, and other effects, vested m and confirmed to
j said corporation, and the moneys, goods, chattels,
| and other effects, which by this act the said cor-
! poration is authorized hereafter to receive, shall
i not in the wholeexceed the value of one hundred
. thousand dollars.
j Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said
j corporation shall have full power and authority
■ to make, have, and use, a common seal, with such
! device and inscription as they shall think proper,
I and the same to break, alter, and renew at pleas-
ure; to appoint a treasurer and librarian, and such
1 other officers as they may from time to time deem
necessary; to assign them their duties, fix their
compensation, and remove him or them from
office, and appoint another or others in his or
their place as often as they shall think fit; to
make, ordain, establish, and execute such by-laws
and ordinances as may be deemed useful to the
said library, and the same to alter, amend, or ^
abrogate at pleasure; to procure, by purchase or j
otherwise, a suitable place for keeping the library; ,
to appoint the time for keeping the library open, \
or for taking out and returning books; to fill up
vacancics that may happen in their own body
between two annual elections; to levy and collect
fines and forfeitures; and to determine upon, do,
and transact all business and matters appertain-
ing to the said corporation and library, agreeable
to the rules, ordinances, and by-laws thereof,
during their continuance in officc: Provided, That
no less than a majority of the said directors be a
quorum to do business; that no rule, ordinance,
or by-law, be made repugnant to the laws of the
District of Columbia or of the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That an elec-
tion for seven directors of this corporation shall I
be held on the first Monday of April next, and j
on the first Monday m April annually thereafter, J
at the library-room, under the direction of such |i
persons as the present directors and their sue- |!
cessors may appoint; which appointment shall be j;
j at least ten days previous to the day of election.
j They shall also publish the names of the persons },
so appointed to hold the election, in some paper Ij
published in the city of Washington, at least,]
three days previous to such election being held, ij
the polls for wluch shall be kept open from three ,;
to nine o'clock, p. m. And no person shall be |j
eligible as a director, or have a right to vote for a ||
director, who is not at the time of voting or being |]
voted for, a member of the Columbia Fire Com- !
panyof the city of Washington, or who shall be .
in arrears to the said library for any annual con- '■
tribution, fines, or forfeitures; allpersoos qualified
to vote, may vote either personally or by proxy,
by ballot. !;
Sec. 5. Andbc it further enacted, That this act ;>
may be repealed, altered,or amended, at any time, j1
by the Congress of the United States. ;
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the j
directors of this library, for the. time being, shah ,
be responsible for the debts and liabilities thereof j
which may have been created or incurred during ■
their respective continuance m office as such
directors.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and directed to furnish to said library
bound copies of the laws of the United States,
and to furnish annually thereto a bound copy of
all documents, journals, laws, and State papers,
which shall hereafter be published by the author-
ity of Congress.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That nothing
in this act shall be so construed as to authorize
the said corporation to issue any note, token,
device, scrip, or other evidence of debt, to be used
as a currency in this District or elsewhere.
Sec. 9. And beit further enacted, That the debta
and liabilities of the said corporation shall not,
at any time, exceed the amount of their capital,
and that each stockholder shall be held liable, in
his or her individual capacity, for all the debts
and liabilities of the corporation, however in-
curred or contracted, to be secured by suit, as
other debts and liabilities, in any court or before
any tribunal having jurisdiction of the case.
Approved, August 11, 1856.
Public, XLVI.—An Act to amend the Charter of
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentalives of the United States of Ameri'cain Congress
assembled, That the Corporation of Georgetown,
in the District of Columbia, shall have full power
and authority, and are hereby required, to lay and
impose the present year, and annually thereafter,
a school tax upon every free white male citizen,
of the age of twenty-one years and upwards, of
one dollar per annum; said tax to be levied and
collected under such regulations as the said cor-
poration may prescribe.
Sec. 2. And be U farther enacted, That, from
and after the passage of this act, every free white
male citizen of the United States, who shall have
attained the age of twenty-one years, and shall
have resided within the corporate limits of George-
town, in the District aforesaid, one year imme-
diately preceding the day of election, and shall
have been returned on the books of the corpora-
tion during the year ending on the thirty-first day
of December next preceding the day of election
as subject to school tax for that year, (except
persons non compos mentis, vagrants, paupers, and
persons who shall have been convicted of any
infamous crime,) and who shall have paid the
school taxes due from him, shall be entitled to
vote for Mayor, members of the Board of Alder-
men, and Board of Common Covyicil, and for
every officer authorized to be elected at any elec-
tion under the acts of said corporation: Provided,
That if, during the year ending on the thirty-first
day of December next preced ing the day of the first
election after the passage of this act, no persons
shall have been returned on the books of the said
corporation as subject to a school tax, then all
persons who shall have been returned on the
books of the said corporation as subject to a
school tax before the day of the said first election,
and who shall in all other respects be qualified
under this act to vote, and who shall have paid
the said school tax, shall be entitled to vote at the
said first election afterthe passage of this act; and
if any person shall buy or sell a vote, or shall vote
more than once at any corporation election, held
in pursuance of law, or shall give or receive any
consideration therefor in money, goods, or any
other thing of value, or shall promise any valu-
ableconsideration,orvote in consideration of such
promise, he shall be disqualified forever thereafter
from voting or holding any office under said cor-
poration; and on complaint thereof to theattorney
of the United States for the District of Columbia,
it shall be the duty of said attorney to proceed
against said offender or offenders by indictment
aiid trial, as in other criminal cases; and if found
guilty it shall be the duty of the court to sentence
him to pay a fine of not less than ten dollars, and
to imprisonment not more than two months, nor
less than ten days.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the clerk of said corporation, on
' the presentation of the corporation tax collector's
! receipt showing that the applicant has paid his
i school tax for that year, to enter the name of
i such school tax payer on the books of saw cor-
