1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1471
From 1820 to 1834 this disturbing question but
(slightly agitated the public mind; but during the
last twenty years, I need not remind this House
how constantly it has been the subject of acrimo-
nious reproach and retaliatory denunciation, in
and out of Congress. In 1850 and 1851 it as-
sumed a practical form and" alarming power, in
consequence of the acquisition of new territory
by this Government. The question at once arose
whether the compromise of 1820 should be ex-
tended, and the line of 36° 30' run out to the
Pacific ocean.
The South, as a peace-offering, were ready to
stand by it, as the Journals of Congress affirm.
The North rejected it, as shown by the same
Journals. It was, in rny judgment, not merely an
invasion of the constitutional principles to which
I have before adverted, but it was objectionable
in this: that it undertook to apply an arbitrary
geographical line to a moral and social question.
The controlling minds in that hour, which tried
the strength of the band that binds us, (Cass,
Clay, and Webster,) found no solution of the
problem which they were compelled to solve, but
m the great fundamental principle which relieved
our fathers from like difficulties in the formation
and adoption of the Constitution itself.
For twenty years this question had agitated
Congress and the country, without a single ben-
eficial result. They resolved that it should be
transferred from these Halls, that all unconsti-
tutional restrictions should be removed, and that
the people in the Territories should determine for
themselves the character of their local and do-
mestic institutions under which thev were to live,
with precisely the same rights,but no greater than
those which were enjoyed by the old thirteen
States. Excitement was intense, and clamor
loud, but the sober judgment of the people rati-
fied the constitutional action of their representa-
tives.
In 1854 the same question was presented when
the necessity arose for the organization of the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, and the
identical principle was applied for its solution.
I, for one, as a southern man, did not accept
it with reference to any result which it might
probably produce. I accepted it because it was
constitutional, just, and safe. I accepted it because
I believed it to be the only principle which could
secure the legitimate rights of all sections of the
Union. It had not merely the convictions of my
own judgment to sustain it, but it had the sanction
of the patriotism and wisdom of the revolutionary
fathers. If this great principle of popular sov-
ereignty be justly carried out and sacredly main-
tained, it will give in time to come what we have
enjoyed in the past—union, strength, prosperity,
and happiness. If it be struck down by passion,
fanaticism, or sectional prejudice, in either sec-
tion of the Confederation, I will not permit
myself to contemplate the woes that await us.
"What I wish to see, then, as an American citizen,
respecting and cherishing, as I do, the mass of
my countrymen, in whatever latitude they may
be, and loving and desiring to protect every part
of our country's soil, is that this principle shall
be fairly, justly, and impartially carried out in
Kansas, and everywhere else. And whatever
may be the character of the institutions it shall
introduce into Kansas, or any other portion of
our broad domain, I shall yield to the result a
cheerful, a willing acquiescence. Protection to
all in the Territory of Kansas, in whatever lati-
tude they may have been reared, or whatever
sentiments or opinions they may entertain, con-
sistent with a republican form of government, is
what I desire. 1 desire the protection of persons
and property for all; I desire security of freedom
in the exercise of the privilege dearest to free-
men—that of the elective franchise for all; and I,
for one, am ready to clothe the Executive, if he
does not already possess them, with ample power
and means to secure these results. But let me
warn gentlemen that they can never be attained
by resistance to the laws of the land; that no
amount of means which can be raised to aid in
setting those laws at defiance—that no decla-
rations of assemblies, legislative or otherwise,
usurping the functions of the judiciary, and
attempting to settle the constitutionality of legis-
lative enactments—can compass the results which,
in common with all patriotic man, I trust, I truly
desire to see consummated. Such efforts can
only engender strife and bad feeling between the
different sections of the Union, produce personal
collisions between citizens of the same common
Government, protected alike by the same consti-
tution and laws, and enjoying the same common
heritage bequeathed to us by our revolutionary
fathers. The state of feeling now existing be-
tween the citizens of the different sections of the
Confederacy is of an alarming character, and it
becomes the imperative duty of every one who
desires the perpetuation of the Union to use all fair
means in his power to allay this sectional strife,
and restore that harmony and good feeling which
so happily existed prior to the agitation of what
has been termed this " vexed question of African
slavery."
The excitement which now exists has been, in
a great measure, produced by the personal colli-
sions which have occurred in Kansas Territory,
resulting in many instances in bloodshed, mur-
der, and assassinations amongst those who have a
common interest in the same Government, which
extends alike its protection to all its citizens. It
is not my purpose now to discuss the question of
who is right or who is wrong. I believe citizens
of both sections have acted imprudently in refer-
ence to the difficulties which now exist in the
Territory of Kansas. This is not the time to
discuss the causes of these unfortunate difficul-
ties, which are fast bringing into disrepute the
fair fame of our Republic. They must be stopped;
and the question is, how is it to be done? The
President of the United States has done all in his
power to prevent insurrection, and preserve the
public peace in that Territory, and I rejoice to
know that his efforts are about to succeed. But
what has Congress done to aid him in preserving
order in that distracted country ? Nothing. Not-
withstanding this is an extraordinai y emergency,
he has been left alone to use the limited means
and power conferred upon him by the Constitu-
tion, to see that the laws of the United States are
faithfully executed. Passing by the annual mes-
sage of the President of the United States, in
which our attention was called to the difficulties
likely to occur there, on the 24th day of January
last he sent a special message to both Houses of
Congress, informing us of the state of affairs
which then existed in the Territory of Kansas,
and urged us to place at his disposal the means
necessary to prevent the disgraceful occurrences
which have since transpired. In that message
the President used the following emphatic lan-
guage :
"No citizen of our country should permit himself to for-
get that he is a part of its Government, and entitled to be
heard in the determination of its policy and it-* measure';,
and that, therefoie, the highest considerations of personal
honor and patriotism require him to maintain, by whatever
of power or influence he may possess, the integrity of the
laws of the Republic.
" Entertaining these views, it will be my imperative duty
to exert the whole power of the Federal Executive to sup-
port public order in the Territory; to vindicate its laws,
whether Federal or local, against all attempts of organized
resistance ; and so to protect its people in the establishment
of their own institutions, undisturbed by eneioachment
from without, and in the full enjoyment of the rights of
self-government assured to them by the Constitution and
the organic act of Congress."
The House of Representatives, it is true, was
then in a disorganized or unorganized state. It
was, however, soon after organized, but took no
steps to aid the President in preserving order in
Kansas. No steps having been taken by Con-
gress to aid the Executive in enforcing the law in
that Territory, on the 11th day of February last
the President issued his proclamation reciting the
disorders which had previously occurred there,
and declaring that all the power vested in him by
the Constitution would be exercised to execute
the laws of Congress and of the Territory, and
to prevent the invasion of the rights of citizens
thereof, coming from whatever source it might—
whether from the North or from the South. Still
Congress remained silent, and to this day has
done no act to furnish the executive department
of the Government with the means to suppress
the lawless violence or to quell the organized
opposition to the laws of the country which for
some time has existed on the borders of Kansas.
If, therefore, any branch of the Government is
justly censurable for the state of things now exist-
ing m that Territory, it is the legislative, and
not the executive—it is Congress, and not the
President.
During all this time the Abolition press of the
North have had hired emissaries and correspond-
ents in the West, to exaggerate the state of things
there—to keep up the ideaof a civil war actually
existing, in order to inflame the public mind, and
continue an excitement from which they expect
to derive benefit at the coming presidential elec-
tion. But, sir, in despite of that element in this
House—which, to those unacquainted with our
system of Government, would seem to be driving
the Union to destruction—the President has, with
a prudence equaled only by Washington, and
a firmness and courage such as only characterized
Andrew Jackson, enforced the law in that dis-
tracted Territory, and dispersed the lawless bands,
no difference from what quarter they had come,
whose object was resistance to the laws, and th?_
disturbance of the public peace of the country.
Fortunate it is for the country that we have a
President who, regardless of public clamor from
any section of the Union, or of personal conse-
quence to himself, has the courage and the patriot-
ism to execute faithfully all the laws, without
regard to the locality of their application, or the
domestic interests to be affected thereby. Such
has been the course of the present Executive in
reference to these exciting difficulties; and such
conduct must meet the approval of every one in
this House, and in the whole country, except
those whose fanaticism and political madness have
determined them in their own minds to openly
rebel against the Constitution and the laws of
their country. Such there are here; and if M.
De Tocqueville, the French traveler and author,
were to revisit our country, and then favor the
world with another edition of his views of gov-
ernment, the history of the present House of
Representatives of the American Congress would
furnish him with ample material for an additional
chapter to prove his favorite theory of the " inev-
itable downfall of all republics."
But, in the language of President Pierce, " if,
as I fully believe, our fathers were not only guided
and sustained through the changing scenes and
struggles of the Revolution, but were inspired,
after its close, to devise and adopt the Constitu-
tion by Omnipotent power, we may repose upon
an humble, butunwavering,faith, that that power
will not permit the madness of their children to
destroy it."
The dangers which now menace the Union are
the result, first, of the efforts of political dema-
gogues to excite and inflame the public mind in
different localities to aid in the promotion of those
whose ambition prompts them to a reckless dis-
regard of their duty to themselves, to their coun-
try, and to posterity, and causes them thus to
endanger ourrepublican institutions for the paltry
consideration of a personal or sectional triumph.
Secondly, in a misunderstanding on the part
of the people of the non-slaveholding States as
to the motives, purpose, and policy of the slave-
holding States with reference to the extension
of their peculiar institutions. I say here as a
southern man, and I believe the sentiment will be
sanctioned by nearly every southern Represent-
ative on this floor, that if a bill were introduced
in Congress to establish slavery in Kansas, or any-
other Territory of the United States, I should
unhesitatingly vote against it. And this I would
do, notwithstanding I honestly believe African
slavery to be a moral, a social, and a political
blessing, applicable alike to the master and to the
slave. Why, then, cannot the North meet us
upon this common ground, and declare that they
would not prohibit slavery by congressional enact-
ment in any of the Territories of the United
States? This would leave the people to be
affected by the institution to determine the ques-
tion for themselves in their own way, "subject
only to the Constitution of the United States."
All who have carefully studied the history of the
past, and who have acquired that knowledge of
human nature necessary to enable them to form
a correct idea of the result of events every day
transpiring around them, must know that, what-
ever may be the action of Congress, the people
to be affected by this institution will ultimately
determine the question for themselves, and in that
determination will bo governed alone by their
own notions of interest, of principle, of public
policy, and by those influences which usually
move to action the public mind of the country.
Why, then, can we not meet together upon
a common ground, without regard to personal
