] 856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That on or
about the second Monday in May, in the year
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, and annually
ihorodfter, the said levy court shall appoint one of
said board of commissioners from each primaiy
school district; and the said commissioners ap-
pointed as aforesaid shall, each acting in his res-
pective district, examine all persons who shall offer
themselves as candidates for teaching in such dis-
trict; and in such examination it shall be the duty
of the commissioners aforesaid to inquire, and,
so far as he shall be enabled thereto, to ascertain
and inform himself as to all the qualifications
mentioned and contained in the certificate here-
inafter specified and given in form, and if he shall
be satisfied as to the sufficiency of such qualifica-
tions, he shall certify in writing, under his hand,
and deliver such certificate to the person so exam-
ined by him as aforesaid, in form and substance
following, viz: I, the undersigned, resident com-
missioner of primary schools of district No. —,
do certify that I have examined ,
and do believe he ('or she, as the case may be)
is of a good moral .character, and of sufficient j
learning and ability, and in all other respects well !
qualified to teach a primary school. Griven under j
my hand the day of , in the year i
of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and j
 . , commissioner of primary !
school district No. —. And dismiss any intem-
perate, cruel, negligent, oy immoral teachers," and
cause to be putup m every school-house such gen-
eral system of rules and regulations as may be
adopted by the board of commissioners, which
board shall also direct what books shall be used,
and what branches shall be taught; and the res-
ident commissioners • aforesaid shall visit the
schools in each of their respective districts at least,
twice a year, exercise a general supervision, and 1
endeavor to piomote a full, equal, and useful in-
struction of the youth of said county. |
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That when- i
ever any school district shall be formed by the
commissioners of primary schools as aforesaid, j
it shall be the duty of the said commissioners, ,
within twenty days thereafter, to make a notice .
in writing, describing the metes and bounds .of i
such district, and appoint a time and place for the 1
first district meeting, and notify the taxable in- j
habitants residing in such district as aforesaid, by
public advertisements to be put up at the most
public places of the said district, at least six days
before the time of such meeting1; and in case such '
notice shall not be given as aforesaid, or the in-
habitants of such district when so notified shall ,
neglect or refuse to assemble or form a district ,
yyierting m pursuance of such notice, or m case j
any district, having been formed or organized in 1
pursuance of such notice, shall, in the opinion of j
the commissioners aforesaid, be dissolved by j
adjournment without day, or from any other j
cause whatever, it shall and may be lawful for ,
the commissioners aforesaid, or any one of them, i
at any time thereafter, to renew such notice, and >
the inhabitants of such district liable to pay taxes i
as aforesaid shall assemble together m pursuance j
of such notice; and when so assembled in dis- j
trictmeeting, it shall and may be lawful for them,
or a majority of such of them as shall be present i
at such district meeting, to adjourn to any other j
time or place, and at such first or any future legal j
district meeting, it shall and may be lawful for !
them, or a majority of them as shall be present ,
as aforesaid, to adjourn from time to time as [
occasion may require, to fix on a time and place 1
for holding their future annual meetings, which
annual meetings they are hereby authorized and
required to hold; to choosc by ballot three trus-
tees to manage the concerns of such school dis-
trict, and one district elector; also to designate a
suitable and central site for a school-house, to
vote a tax on the property in such school district
sufficient, in addition to the proportion of the
school fund (hereinafter to be provided for) al-
lotted to such school district; to purchase, lease,
or rent, a site for a school-house; to build, lease,
or rent, and keep in repair, said house; to supply
fuel, books, stationery, and furniture; to pay the
salary of a teacher, and all other necessary ex-
penses: Pi ovided, however, That no location ofa
school-house shall bo fixed upon unless the same
be approved by a majority of the commissioners,
and no change shall be made after such school-
house shall have been built but by consent of a
majority of said commissioners consenting there-
to; all the expenses incurred by making such
change shall be defrayed by donation or by levies
authorized to be made by a majority of the citi-
zens of such school district upon the assessable
property therein.
Sec. 10. And he it further enacted, That the
clerk of the levy court shall annually, without
fee or reward, make out for the trustees of pri-
mary school districts, or such of them as shall
apply for the same, copies from the assessment
books of said county of all the assessable prop-
erty in said district or districts.
Sec. 11. And be U further enacted, That all meet-
ings of the school districts, held for the purpose
aforesaid, shall be organized by appointing a
president and clerk pro tempore, who shall take
minutes of the proceedings, specifying particu-
larly the amount of tax voted by said meetings,
and deliver the same certified under their hands
and seals within ten days after such meeting to
the commissioners of primary schools, or any one
of them, to be delivered by them or him to the
clerk of the commissioners, and by him to be
recorded in a book kept for that purpose.
Sec. 12. And be itjurther enacted, That all tax
to be voted by the citizens of any and every school
district in said county, under and by virtue of
this act, shall be levied on oil the assessable prop-
erty in said district, agreeably to the assessments
of the last preceding county tax, excepting,
nevertheless, the property assessed to, and actu-
ally owned by, free people of color.
Sec. 13. And.be it farther enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the levy court of the county afore-
said, at their first meeting after the passage of
this act, and in each succeeding year thereafter,
when the annual county levy is made, to impose
and levy a school tax of one eighth of one per
cent, on all the assessable property of said coun-
ty, without the limits of the citics of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, for the support of primary
schools hereby authorized in said county, which
tax shall be due at the same time, and shall be
collected by the county collector in the same
manner, and under the same regulations and re-
strictions, as are prescribed by law in relation to
the collection of other county taxes, and which
are hereby made applicable to the collection of
the school tax imposed by this act; and when
collected, shall be paid to the treasurer of the
levy court, who is hereby constituted and ap-
pointed treasurer of the primary school fund for
said county, and who shall qualify by making
oath or affirmation that he will well and faithfully
discharge the duties required of him by law, as
treasurer of the school fund for said county, and
not use the same to his own use or advantage;
and he shall also give bond to the United States,
with two good and sufficient sureties, conditioned
for the faithful discharge of the duties required
of him by this act, which bond, being approved
by the commissioners of primary schools afore-
said, shall be filed with the clerk of the circuit
court of the District of Columbia, who is hereby
required to file the same without fee or reward,
and a copy of the said bond, under seal of said
court, shall be sufficient evidence of the making
thereof.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the trustees of each school district,
whenever adisti ict meeting shall have voted.a suffi-
cient tax for that purpose, to purchase a suitable
site for their school-house, and to build, keep m
repair, and furnish such school-housfc wuh neces-
sary fuel, books, stationery,and appendages; and
if shall be the further duty of the trustees afore-
said to agree with and employ all teachers to be
employed in such district: Provided, That no
teacheis shall be employed by them who shall
not have received the certificate of approbation
from the commissioners of primary schools afore-
said, as hereinbefore provided; aiid it shall be
the further duty of the trustees to pay the salaries
of teachers out of the apportionment of the school
fund for their respective districts which shall
come into their hands through the commissioners
aforesaid, so far as the same shall be sufficient
for that purpose.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That Dofore
the trustees of any school district shall enter upon
the duties of their office, they shall each take an
oath or make affirmation before a justice of the
peace of said county, or one of the commissioners
of primary schools, who is hereby authorized to
administer the same, that he will well and truly
discharge the duties pertaining to his said office
of trustee without prejudice or partiality; and it
shall be the duty of the said trustees of each of
said school districts, or a majority of them, to
furnish, at the expiration of their term of service,
to the commissioners aforesaid, a correct state-
ment of all money transactions done by them in
virtue of their office as trustees of said primary
school district.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the commissioners of primary
schools aforesaid to apportion all moneys which
shall come into the hands of the treasurer of the
school fund aforesaid, under, and by virtue of the
provisions of this act, after paying the salaries
of the clerk of the commissioners and the treas-
urer of the school fund, for the use of primary
schools aforesaid, as soon as may be after such
moneys shall be received by the said treasurer,
equally among the several school districts in said
county, which shall have complied with the pro-
visions of this act; and all moneys so to be ap-
portioned by the commissioners, as aforesaid,
shall be caused to be paid by them, according to
such apportionment, to the trustees of the district
to which such moneys jjhall be apportioned as
aforesaid, whose receipts therefor shall be good
and sufficient evidence of such payment, which
moneys, so to be received by the trustees, as
aforesaid, shall be applied and expended by them,
after the apportionment for the first year, in pay-
ing the salaries of the teachers to be employed by
them, and for no other purpose: Provided, That
no moneys apportioned as aforesaid, except the
apportionment made for the first year, shall be
paid by the commissioners aforesaid, until the
white taxable inhabitants, and the trustees oftho
| district to which such moneys shall be appor-
' tioned as aforesaid, shall have substantially com-
plied with the provisions of this act: And provided,
further, That it shall not be lawful for the com-
1 missioners aforesaid to draw Iny moneys from
the hands of the treasurer of the school fund afore-
said, after paying the salaries of the clerk of the
commissioners and the treasurer of the school
fund aforesaid, except by draft, in favor of the
trustees of the school district to which such
moneys shall be apportioned as aforesaid; and all
moneys which shall be apportioned by the com-
missioners as aforesaid, and which shall remain
unpaid for the space of two years thereafter,
either from the omission or neglect of the trustees
of the primary school district entitled to receive
the same, to apply therefor and to make the neces-
sary certificates to entitle them to the same, or
from any defect in such certificates, said moneys
shall, after the expiration of said term, be added
to the moneys next thereafter to be apportioned
by the said commissioners, and shall be appor-
tioned and paid together with such moneys as
aforesaid.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, Thatthe trus-
tees of each school district shall hold their office
till their successors shall be elected and qualified;
and in case of vacancy, such vacancy shall be
filled by the remaining trustees within one month;
and in case the said trustees shall fail to fill such
vacancy within that time, then it shall be the
duty of the commissioners of primary schools as
soon as may be thereafter.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That if any
trustee of any primary school district shall make
a false certificate or report, by means whereof
any moneys shall be fraudulently obtained from
the commissioners aforesaid, such trustee signing
such certificate or report shall forfeit and pay
double the amount so fraudulently obtained to the
commissioners of primary schools, to be recov-
I ered, with costs of suit, by action of debt before
' any court of justice, or any justice of the peace,
having cognizance thereof, in the name of said
( commissioners; and such sum, exclusive of the
| cost of suit, shall be applied, when recovered, to
the use of the primary school in such district.
Sec. 19, And be it further enacted, Thai the said
trustees shall keep an account of their proceed-
