1474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
constructing them for any purpose except for
carrying out the powers which this Government
possesses. Rut I believe those roads are neces-
sary, and.I hope the committee will not hesitate
to adopt the substitute which the Committee on
Military Affairs have offered, which, as it will
be seen, limits the number of roads to be con-
structed, and limits the cost of their construction.
Gentlemen will find that the military committee
have watched "with vigilance, and guarded with
freat care, the national Treasury, and that they
are not recommended any roaa which was not
indispensably necessary for the military defenses
of the country.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Itis a matter of regret,
at all times, with me to be compelled to differ
with myfriendfrom Tennessee [Mr. Jones] upon
any question affecting the powers or policy of
the Government; but I hold that this Government
has the power and right, under the Constitution,
where it needs wagons, to buy them, or have
them built: that when they want a road, whether
for military or any other purpose connected with
the operations of the Government, they have the
clear and specific right to use a road already
made, or to make it.
The gentleman from Terfhessee concedes that
when the Government wants to use a road for
immediate military purposes, it has the power to
make it. That concession is all [ want, so far as
the power of the Government is concerned; for
if you have the power to construct a military road
fijr immediate use, have you not the power to
construct it knowing that you will wnnt to use it
a year or two hence? So that the gentleman's
concession of the power to make military roads
is all that is necessary to carry out the bill before
the committee.'
And, sir, it is not necessary for the defense of
the power of tlie Government to construct roads,
that they shall be for military purposes alone. If
they are for postal purposes, or for any purpose
required for carrying on the operations of the
Government, it has the power under the Consti-
tution to go on and construct them. 1 am in favor
of the limitation laid down by tlie genilemmi from
Tennessee, according to a fair construction of it,
and no further. When one department of the
Government states that the construction of a cer-
tain road is necessary for the use of the Govern-
ment, next year, or the year after, the power of
the Government to construct it is as clear aa if
^t were, wanted for use to-morrow.
In reference to this subject, there is one single
view which it seems to me should place this
power so clcar, and so specific, that no doubt
could arise on the subject. It will not be doubted
by any gentleman that this Government, lias the j
power to construct forts. Suppose you want to j
use a fort: are you bound to wait until the !
emergency requiring it is upon you before you |
build it? Are you not in tlie habit of building ;
forts in times of peace? And how do you derive I
the power to build them in times of peace, any i
more than in times of war? And a road to that
foil follows, as a matter of course, from the power
to Lmild the road. The fort may be of no im-
portance to you unless you can get to it by some
road. Il is for these reasons, and these alone,
that I am in favor of the construction of roads,
and the building of forts by the Government.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. A few words in
reply. 1 carmotagree with either my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] or my friend from
Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman,] that necessity gives
*jmy constitutional power to this Government. [
cannot agree with the gentleman t'rom Illinois,
bccause we may need a road next year, the year
after, or ten years hence, that we can construct
the road now, so that it may be ready when it is
wanted.
Mr. QXFITMAN. I do not take the ground
the gentleman ascribes to me. I hold that where
there is a delegated.^power under the Constitu-
tion, there is power4 to do everything necessary
to the exercise of that delegated power.
_ Mr. JONES. I admit that Congress has the if
right to exercise all delegated powers and all ;!
power necessary—absolutely "necessary to their '[
exorcise. ^ But I ask the gentlemen from Illinois !'
and Mississippi, and the Commtftee 0n. Terri-
tories, and the Committee on Military Affairs, !
whether the construction of these roads would I
be recommended if they were alone needed for ■
military purposes? When these roads are made,
if the Indians, or whoever maybe the enemy,
would be so kind as to appear at either terminus,
or to cncamp along the road, then our troops
could go and catch them. But suppose that,
instead of being so accommodating, as is their
usual custom, tney should think proper to roam
through the woods, and infest a country far off
from the road, to the right or the left: of what
use would the ro^d then be?
I was, perhaps, misunderstood by my friend
from Illinois, when he stated that 1 conceded the
power of the Government to make military roads
where they are necessary. My statement was,
that bur army, in its march, may remove obstruc-
tions to its onward progress—not that we may
build a road beforehand, on which trains and
armies may march years afterward. If the road
be built, its use might never be required; and I
would ask, what then becomes of the constitu-
tional power? Power is unconstitutionally exer-
cised when it is too late to apply the remedy. It
would be very much like the case of an individual
in the early settlements in the Cumberland river
country. An alarm of an invasion by the Indians
hastily called the settlers together, for the purpose
of building block-houses for their defense. They
were hard at their work for eight or ten days; and
when the houses were completed they became
satisfied that the alarm was a false one, and that
there was no likelihood of an Indian attack. One
of the settlers, wh'o had labored faithfully, but
who was very economical of his labor, and did
not wish it lost, deplored, as the greatest of mis-
fortunes, that there would be 110 resulting benefit
from his toil, and almost prayed that the Indians
would come. [Laughter.] Now, sir, when we
build our roads, we must request the Indians to
be so accommodating as to make their appearance,
so that they may be reached by means of the
roads. If they do not display that amiable desire
to please, then Congress will have exeicised a
power which, according to my theory, is neither
in accordance with the Constitution, nor the
principles laid down by the fathers of the Re-
public.
My friend from Illinois asks mo, if I be right,
whether then I must not wait to build forts until
they are needed ? Well I believe that the fort that
did the best service, and which placed Us projector
and commander in tiie highest niche of lame, as a
man who had filled the measure of his country's
glory, was thrown up on the spur of the moment.
But I say to the gentleman that I get the power
to build forts and arsenals where I get the power
to raise and maintain an army. There is a spe-
cific grant in the Constitution that Congress shall
have power to build forts, arsenals and other
public buildings—ofcourse,first obtaining, where
it ts necessary, jurisdiction from the State where
it proposes to erect them.
Mr. RICHARDSON". If the gentleman holds
that there is no power to construct military roads
until they are absolutely necessary, then there is
no power m the Constitution to build forts until
they are demanded for use.
Mr. JONES. My course in Congress exhibits
no willingness on my part to enter largely into
the const ruction of forts in time of peace. I have
opposed them as being,in ajarge majority of cases,
entirely unnecessary.
Mr. RICHARDSON. General Washington
said, " in time of peace prepare for war."
Mr. JONES. There are a good many ways to
prepare for war, other than the building of forts
and the construction of roads. It would be very
well jf we were sure that the enemy would as-
sault the fort. But did General Scott, the hero
of the Mexican war, assault the castie of San
Juan d'Ulloa? No, sir; he landed below Vera
Cruz, and came around to storm the other side
of the city.
But, sir, I do not wish to go into this discus-
sion about forts. It is probable' that there are
some few, at some paints where you can com-
mand the entrances to the forts, which may be
beneficial; and it may be wise policy to construct
such, and to keep them m repair; but I do think
that we are in the habit, annually, of making ap- 1
propriations for forts to a much larger amount
than is either beneficial now or ever will be here-
after.
Now, sir, upon this subject of roads, I hold—
I may be wrong in it, but it is my opinion—
that Congress has the same power to make mil-
itary roads, if these are military roads, in the
States as it has to make them in the Territories.
I said yesterday, in reference to the penitentiary
in Nebraska, that it was a domestic institution;
and I think that these roads are of the same char-
acter. I think, sir, that, whatever may be the
reasons assigned for the making of these roads
by Congress, the benefits of the roads result to
! the people in the Territories, and I cannot admit
the right, power, or expediency, of making roads
under the military power, when we may never
want them for that purpose, in order that the
people of the country where it is located may
receive all the resulting advantages.'
Mr. RICHARDSON, (interrupting.) Does
the gentleman concede the power to make mili-
tary roads, if necessary ?
Mr. JONES. Only when the army is actually
moving through the country; they can remove any
obstructions that are in the way; but this Gov-
ernment cannot do it in anticipation that you may
want thefh removed hereafter.
Mr. LANE. With a view of facilitating the
action of the committee on this bill and prevent-
ing further discussion, I move that the committee
do now rise, with a view of stopping debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Leiter
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under consider-
ation, and particularly teriitorial business; and
had instructed him to report back House bills
$fos. 417 and, 415severally without amendment,
and with a recommendation that they do pass;
and, also, that the committee had had under con-
sideration House bill No. 2, and had come t© no
resolution thereon.
CONSTRUCTION OF A ROAD IN MINNESOTA.
The House proceeded to consider House bill
(No. 4J7)for the construction of a road from Port
Ridgeley, in the Territory of Minnesota, to the
South Pass of the Rocky Mountains, in the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska, just reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
without amendment.
Mr. GROW demanded the previous question-.
The ptevious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Tlie bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider lie
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENITENTIARY FOR NEBRASKA.
The House then proceeded to consider House
bill (No. 415) to make an appropriation for the
construction of a penitentiary in the Territory of
Nebraska, also reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the stafe of the Union without
amendment.
# Mr. GROW demanded th® previous question.
1 The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third tune.
The question being, "Shall be bill pass?"
Mr. UNDERWOOD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. WHEELER, (at
thirty minutes past three o'clock,) the House
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 26, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The J ournal of yes terday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, information as to the legislation
necessary to carry into effect th« act known aa
