14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
ings in a book kept for that purpose, and shall
also keep an account against the district collector
for the sums authorized to be collected, and for
other sums paid into his hands, and shall give
him credit for the sums legally paid by him, also
for his legal commissions, and for such taxes as
cannot be collected by legal steps and proper dil-
igence; and that said collector shall have the
keeping of all moneys collected by him, and other
sums paid into his hands, subject to the written
order of a majority of the trustees, drawn in
favor of such persons having claims against said
school; and he shall report to the trustees when-
ever required the amount of funds in his hands,
and a full statement of his accounts.
Sec. 20. And be it farther enacted, That the
trustees of any primary school district in said
county shall be, and they are hereby, authorized,
in their discretion, to require from any child
attending school the payment of any sum of
money, not exceding one dollar a month, to be
applied to the payment of the expenses of said
district school; and in the exercise of this power
the trustees aforesaid may, from time to time,
discontinue the payment thereof altogether, or
may graduate the payments according to the
ability of the children and the exigencies of the
school.
Sec. 21. Andbe it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the trustees of cach school district,
whenever a district meeting shall have voted a
district tax, as soon as may be, to make a rate
bill or tux list, which shall raise the sum voted
for in due proportion on all the taxable property
in such district, agreeably to the assessment of
the last preceding county tax, and to annex to
s ucli tax list or rate bill a warrant, and to deliver
the same to the collector of such district, which
warrant shall be substantially as followcth:
County of Washington, 1). C., $s:
Xo ■  , collector of the district
in the county aforesaid, greeting: You are hereby
required and commanded to collect, from each of
the inhabitants of said district, the several sums
of money written opposite to the- name of each
of said inhabitants m the annexed tax list, and,
within sixty days after receiving this warrant, to
pay the amount of the moneys by you collected
to tlie order of the trustees of said district, or a
majority of them; and if any one or nioic of said
inhabitants shall neglect oi refuse to pay the .same,
you art- hereby further commanded to levy on
the goods and chattels of each delinquent, and
make sale thereof according to law. (.riven under
our hands and seals this —    day of ,
A. 1). .
P>?
CI, > Trustees.
And if the sum or sums payable by any person
named in such tax list or rate bill shall not be paid
by him or collected by virtue of said warrant
within the time therein limited, it shall be lawful
for the trustees aforesaid to renew such warrant
in respect to such delinquent person or persons.
Sec. 22. Andbe it further enactcd, That it shall
be the duty of the trustees of each district to make
a report to the comnussioneis of primal y schools
on or before the thirty-first day of December, m
each year; in which repoif shall be stated the
sums received from dillerent sources, the amount
expended, and in what manner, the number of
children taught in said school, and, as far as can
be ascertained, the whole number of white chil-
dren in said district between the ages of live and !
sixteen years, i
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That the col- I
lector of each school district -dull give bond with |
security, to the satisfaction of the trustees, for the :
faithful discharge of the duties of his office, and I
shall have the same power and authority, and j
have the same fee for collecting, and be subject !
to the same rules, regulations, and duties, with j
respect to the collection of the district tax, as by '
law appertain to the oilice of collector of the j
county tax; and the said county collector may be I
eligible as the school district collector. '■
Sec. 2-i. Jad be it further enacted, That each
organized school district shall be a corporation
by the name of Primary School district, No.—,
(the blank to be filled with an appropriate num-
ber,) with power to take and hold by devise,
bequest, and donation, real and personal estate for
the use of the primary school in said district, and
may alien and sell the same, when, in the opinion
of the trustees and resident commissioner of said
district, it will be for the interest and advantage
of the primary school in said district, and in-
vest the money arising from the sale in some safe
and profitable stock, and the dividends received
from the same applied to the use of such primary
school, and in their corporate name prosecute and
maintain actions for injury done to the grounds,
houses, property, school-houses, appurtenances,
and furniture, and may sue for and receive all
moneys due them, or for real and personal prop-
erty to which they may be entitled.
Sec. 25. Andbe it further enacted, That when
any land in any school district in said county
may become charged for the payment of any
school tax, and the collector of the tax can find
no personal property in said district liable for, or
chargeablc with, the payment of the same, the
said collector shall be, and is hereby, directed
and required to return to the trustees of the said
district, at such time or times as the said trus-
tees shall direct or require, a list of such lands,
and the amount of taxes thereon respectively due,
and the names of the persons respectively charge-
able with the payment of the same; and the said
trustees shall thereupon have, and exercise, in
relation to said lands, all the powers which might
or could be exercised by the levy court of said
couKty in like cases; and the collector of said
school district shall have the same powers and
authority, and be subject, to the same; rules, reg-
ulations, and duties m the premises as by law
appertain to the oilice of the collector of county
charges in like cases.
Sec. 2b. Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That in case
the trustees of any school district should not be
able to purchase or lease a suitable site for the
election of their school-house, they shall have
power to value and assess a convenient lot, with
the improvements thereon, if any, not exceeding
one acre of land, for that purpose, and the decision
of the said trustees as to the worth of the said
land and improvements, if any, shall be final and
conclusive, unless an appeal shall be prosecuted
as hereinafter provided, and the amount of damage
for the land and improvements, if any, so valued
and assessed as aforesaid, being paid, or offered
to be paid, to the person or persons entitled to
receive the same, of which payment or oiler to
pay a certificate, signed by a majority of the said
trustees, and lecorded among the land records of
Washington county, or a copy of such record
duly certified and sealed, shall be sufficient evi-
dence; the said trustees, in their corporate charac-
ter, shall be thenceforward considered the lawful
owners of the said land and improvements, if any,
and all right, title, estate, and interest therein, at
law or m equity, slnill be vested in them for the
purpose aforesaid: Provided, however, That if the
owner or owners of the said land and improve-
ments, if any, his, her, or their, guardian or guard-
ians, tiustee or trustees, shall conceive him, her,
or themselves aggrieved by such valuation and
assessment, and shall, within thirty days alter the
payment of the valuation so offered as aforesaid,
notify to the said trustees the same in writing, it
shall and may be lawful, and it shall be the duty
of the said ti us tecs, or amajonty of them, to issue
their warrant to the marslial of the District of
Columbia, commanding him to summon a jury of
six freeholders of the school district, not inter-
ested in the matter, to appear, on a dav by the
said trustees to be appointed, on the premises,
and any one'of the said trustees, or any justice
of the peace of the said county, is authonzed to
administer an oath or affirmation, as the case may
be, to each and every person so summoned as
afoiesaid, that he will, without favor, affection,
p.uiiahty, or prejudice, assess the damages sus-
tained by the peison or persons at whose request
the said inquisition shall be taken, by reason of
Ins, her, or their land and improvements, if any,
about to be made as aforesaid, and the persons so
summoned and qualified as aforesaid shall there-
upon proceed to value and assess the damages
accordingly: Provided, That if such appeal from
the assessment and valuation of the said trustees
be confirmed by the jury herein directed to be
summoned mid qualified as afoiesaid, or should
the same be reduced to a lower rate of valuation
and assessment by the said jury, the party ap-
pealing in that case shall pay the whole expense
incurred thereby, otherwise, the trustees, in their
corporate character as such, shall pay the expense
incurred by reason of such appeal.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That the
said trustees or the said jury, as the case may
be, immediately after they shall have completed
their valuation and assessment or inquisition, as
aforesaid, and done all things required of them
or either of them, as the case may be, under the
provisions of this act, shall make out a fair state-
ment of their proceedings, setting forth in the
same a full and distinct description of the land
or real estate and improvements, if any thereon,
as valued by them or either of them, as the case
may be, and all matters and things connected
with the said valuation and assessment, and the
performance of the duties required of them by
this act, and to the said copy, fairly to be written
out as aforesaid, they shall subscribe their names
and thereunto affix their seals, and they shall de-
posit the same in the office of the clerk of the cir-
cuit court of the District of Columbia, and it shall
be the duty of the said clerk to preserve a record
of the said proceedings without fee or reward;
and a copy of such record, certified by the said
clerk under the seal of the said court, shall be
evidence of all matters therein stated, in the same-
rtianfier as certified copies of other records are
evidence.
Sec. 2S. And be it further enacted, That in the
event of an appeal and the inquisition of a jury
as provided by this act, the amount of damages
for the land or real estate and improvements so
valued and assessed as aforesaid, being paid or
offered to be paid as aforesaid, the said trustees,
in their corporate character as aforesaid, shall
thenceforward forever thereafter be considered
the lawful owner of the said land and improve-
ments as aforesaid, and all right, title, interest,
and estate therein, at law or in equity, shall be
vested in the said trustees for the purpose afore-
said: Provided, That it shall not be lawful to
locate the said site within the cultivated fields,
orchards, or gardens, nor within three bundled
yards of any dwelling of any person or persons
whatever, without the assent of the proprietor of
such field, orchard, garden, or dwelling, as the
case may be.
Sec. 2'J. And be it further enacted, That if any
treasurer or collector, having any school funds
in his hands, or neglecting or refusing to obtain
such funds as by law authorized and directed,
shall refuse to pay for two weeks any order of
the said commissioners or trustees, or a majority
of either, drawn m conformity to the requisitions
of this act, such treasurer or collector shall be
liable, on proof thereof before any court of jus-
tice or justice of the peace having cognizance and
without stay of execution, to pay the full amount
of said order and interest thereon at the rate of
twenty percent, per annum from the first refusal
until the day of payment, by way of damages.
Snc. 30. Andbe it further enacted, That if any
collector appointed or acting under the provisions
of this act, shall in any case collect more than is
due, the person aggrieved shall have his remedy
against such collector by suit or warrant, and if
he recover he shall have judgment for double the
amount improperly and unjustly extorted from
him, and costs.
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That the
levy court of Washington county shall exercise
a general supervision over the proceedings of said
commissioners, may examine their books and
papers, and shall prosecute for any delinquencies
or violations of their duty; and the said commis-
sioners shall exercise the same power over the
proceedings, books, and papers of the trustees in
the several school districts, and shall prosecute
for all violations of this act by them committed.
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That the
trustees of the several school districts shall have
the power of exercising discipline in their respect-
ive schools by the expulsion of the refractory
pupil, or such other punishment as may be neces-
sary to correct the evil, and carry out the great
ends of education, moral and intellectual; and they
may permit any of the said school-houses to be
used for public worship.
