738
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Clingman.
Ho. op Reps.
same time, when a man is conscientious, and
avoids assailing and abusing other people, he is
under no obligations to fight* and in fact rarely,
if ever, has a difficulty of a personal character;
but, should he be assailed, the law and the whole
community are on his side, and he is well pro-
tected. But I do say that the man who takes
upon himself to denounce and calumniate others
ought to be made responsible in some mode or
other—I do not much care how. North Carolina,
from which I come, is an old-fashioned State.
We are in the habit of punishing men there for
crime. We have no penitentiary in the State at
all. Some years ago the Legislature submitted
the question of having a penitentiary to the peo-
ple, and we voted it down by a large majority.
WThy ? We admitted that some offenses ought
to be so punished, but we knew that if we got a
penitentiary we should cease to punish criminals
capitally for high offenses. The result was,
that we kept our old common-law system. We
hang and whip men there if they deserve it;
and the consequence is, I believe, that there is
no country in the world where fewer crimes are
committed. I am sorry to say that, in New
England, and some other portions of the country,
where the light of the present age is claimed to
have made more progress, there seems to be a
great sympathy for criminals and offenders. In
the earlier ages of every country men are gener-
ally rather indifferent to personal danger; but are
tenacious of character, and they prefer the hardy
and manlier virtues; but as the country gets older,
people become more and more attached to wealth
and comfort, and endeavor to protect their bodies
while they are more careless about their charac-
ters. Already, in portions of the United States,
the people are gettinginto this condition of things,
and the consequence is, that there is so much
sympathy for criminals now that you can hardly
ever have men properly punished. There are so
many means provided for the ease and comfort
of criminals, that I suppose it is a temptation to
some men to commit crime, as, indeed, the news-
papers have in some instances represented.
I am reminded of a ridiculous story, which I
recollect to have seen in some paper. When a
Eortion of the troops intended for Mexico were
eing drilled, an old woman, who was looking
on, suggested that they ought to have cushions
on their weapons, in order that they might not
hurt the Mexicans. Well, some of our people
have got to cushioning the punishment of crim-
inals to such an extent that the consequence is a
great increase of crime.
To the intelligent and educated and sensitive
■ man, imprisonment for a long term is perhaps the
greatest punishment, but it is not so with the
men who commonly commit crimes. It is the
dread of death, and of corporal suffering, that
restrains them.
I hold, sir, that while the practice o£ dueling
is objectionable, the prohibition of it by Congress
some fifteen years since, as was then done, and
the state of public opinion gotten up by that
legislation, and the Cilley duel out of which it
grew, have done an immense amount of mischief.
There have probably been twenty fights in the
two Houses of Congress since that time. I sup-
pose every member will admit that it is a greater
breach of the dignity of this House for members
to have fisticuff fights on the floor than for them
to go out quietly to some place and shoot at each
other, whether they hit or miss. If there is any
member here who does not agree to that propo-
sition, I am sure he will admit that the general
system of vituperation which prevails here,
lowering, as it does, the moral tone of the
whole country, and diminishing the value of char-
acter, is a greater mischief than the occasional
loss of a life. I saw it stated in the papers the
other day, that more than seven hundred persons
were killed by lightning during the last year. I
have no idea that one tenth of that number were
killed in duels. Thunder storms are supposed to
purify the atmosphere, and dueling has % whole-
some, restraining effect sometimes on the public
manners and morals. Instead of such a law as
Congress did pass, if it touched the subject at
all it would have been far better for it to pass
a law, saying that where a man has been guilty
of a gross personality, and will not give satisfac-
tion if called upon, he shall be expelled from the
House. There would be some show of reason
in that, but I am not for either law. If you will
pass proper rules to restrain this abuse which is
so often indulged in during debates, and put them
in force, and punish those who violate them, either
by fine or expulsion, then I shall be ready to vote
to expel any man who commits a breach of the
peace on this floor. But so long as your system
tends to encourage a systematic course of vitu-
peration and abuse, I hold that assaults and bat-
teries, as lesser evils, are to be tolerated, and even
maintain their restraining effects to be whole-
some.
Mr. Speaker, I am afraid that we are begin-
ning to lose that regard fair character which pre-
vailed at the time Benjamin Franklin wrote.
If you compare our publications with those of
that day, I think you will find that we place less
value on reputation than formerly. It is the in-
terest of a man of bad character to drag down
everyone else to his own level, just as the negro,
who complains of the distinctions of color, would
blacken everybody, so as to put all upon a level.
It was Duke Chartres, I think, who said that,
though he made no pretensions to a good charac-
ter, he would give twenty thousand pounds for
one, because he could make twice that much out
of it. But it is the object of bad men to degrade
character generally, and thus put all men upon a
level with themselves.
To see the effect of this, let us, for a moment,
look at the particular case under discussion. I
have known Senator Butler for a long while.
We live not far apart. I know of no man who
has fewer personal enemies, or who is more gen-
erally respected as a man of the highest integrity
and honor, and of the most generous and amiable
nature; indeed, he is amiable and generous almost
to a fault. He seems to have retained in his
bearing and manners very much of the simplicity
of the child, with the intellect of the man. Hun-
dreds of thousands of copies of Mr. Sumner's
speech have been circulated against him in the
North; and if, a few years hence, he should go
into that section, how would he stand, and what
would be thought of him ? But the circulation of
such a speech as this over that section is an injury
not only to him, but to the community there.
Suppose that, hereafter, a felon from the peni-
tentiary should be a candidate for the Senate,
or for some other office, and his bad character
should be brought in'charge against him: he might
say, " It is true that I am rather a bad man, but
look at Senator Butler; I am not quite as bad
as he is; I can tell the truth sometimes; but he is
a man covered with all sorts of infamy, and yet
he has been a Senator for many years." In other
words, the circulation of such libels has a tend-
ency to lower the toYie of the public mind, vitiate
its taste, and destroy its morals; and I regard
that as a greater evil than occasional assaults and
batteries.
As long as there are men in the world who
value character more than life, efforts will be made
to resent by violence, if necessary, assaults on it.
Because it is, in a free country, surrounded by
perils, it is not the less prized. Indeed, like all
else that is valuable, it must at times cost effort
to protect it. " The rose is guarded by its thorn;
the lioney is defended by the bee."
Mr. Speaker, I maintain, then, in the first
place, that the gentleman from South Carolina
has committed no breach of the privileges of the
Senate, the Senate not being in session at the time
of the assault. I maintain, in the second place,
that he did nothing wrong in going into the Sen-
ate Chamber, so far as the place is concerned. I
maintain, in the third place, that a Senator has
no such privilege as puts him on a better footing
than any other citizen, as far as protection to his
person is concerned from assaults and. batteries.
If he is beaten, his assailant, like the assailant
of any other man, is indictable; he has also the
remedy of a civil actitfn for damages; and he has
those other remedies to which I have alluded.
As to expelling a member for disorderly conduct,
that, of course, means such conduct as, when we
are in session, interrupts business.
But, before I take my seat, I want to say one
word on another point. I moved, some dayssince,
to reconsider the vote by which the resolutions of
one of the northern Legislatures were ordered to
be printed, demanding, I believe, that we should
expel the gentleman from South Carolina. I
recollect, also, that some resolutions came in here
from the State of Massachusetts, very denunci-
atory in their character, and instructing us to
expel him forthwith.
Now, I do not mean to say anything against
Massachusetts as a State—I am not willing to
assail any State; but I must say that the majority
of that Legislature—I do not assume that they
represent the State truly—have placed themselves
in an extraordinary position. Why, do not you
and 1 know, sir, that a man cannot be a juror in
a criminal case anywhere where the common law
prevails, who has expressed an opinion as to the
guilt of the accused?
Was it ever heard that any body of men—
jurors or judges—could, with propriety, be al-
lowed to pass upon any case which they had
prejudged before hearing the evidence ? Every
member of that Massachusetts Legislature who
voted for the resolutions would be disqualified
from sitting in this case even as a juror. And
yet they assume to instruct us forthwith to expel
the gentleman from South Carolina. Hap the
Constitution given them any such authority ? It
is not pretended that it has. The Constitution
of the United States says we shall be the judges
of these matters, and we may punish members
for disorderly conduct. Have they any right to
instruct us? Suppose we had passed a resolu-
1 tio'n two years ago, and instructed the Massa-
! chusetts Legislature to expel a certain notorious
member who gave the name of " Hiss " tcwhat
Legislature for "his misconduct: how would they
have received that? And yet we might have
said that as the Constitution of the United States,
and the laws made under it, were to override the
constitutions and laws of the States, where they
come in conflict, therefore the will of Congress
should be superior to that of the Massachusetts
Legislature. But on what principle is it, I ask,
that they can assume to instruct us? We are
sitting here as jurors or judges, and they have the
modest assurance to send here their orders to di-
rect us! The most remarkable thing of all was
that, in passing this resolution, they do not seem
to have said one word about the greatest offense
in the transaction—the offense of their own Sena-
tor against common decency and the proprieties
of the Senate Chamber, and of all that is com-
mendable in gentlemanly bearing, and of the direct
attempt to degrade the Senate itself to the level of
the lowest haunts of blackguards. There are por-
tions of that speech, Mr. Speaker, which I am
sure no gentleman here would like to read aloud
to his family. But I have already briefly charac-
terized some of its features, and I now forbear.
Is it not singular that this Massachusetts Le-
gislature, and the other Legislatures that have
alluded to this matter, have not referred to <his
gross crime at all, while they occupy themselves
with a petty assault and battery ? They strain
at a gnat, because they have already swallowed a
camel. They have already' been able to swallow
this gross offense, and being gorged now, cannot
take in a little one. Then look at all these meet-
ings that took place in the North. Not a word
was said about that speech. Does this not show
an extremely vitiated taste in the getters up of
these meetings ? Who is there that would not
regard it as a greater evil to be wantonly and
grossly aspersed, and have his character to suf-
fer, than to be even stricken unjustly ? Will not
every one, at least, agree that he who wantonly
vilifies another, is more criminal than the man
who, so assailed, chastises the wrong-doer?
I hold, then, that there is nothing in the case
that distinguishes it from the many similar occur-
rences to which I have alluded, and which the
House passed by without even a censure.
As a breach of the law of the District, it is a
less offense, considering the great provocation
given, than many which has been very lightly
punished by the courts. .
Nor does it afford ground for excitement in the
country. .
Look back to a case already referred to. A
Senator from Pennsylvania was, in the midst of
his speech, for words then being spoken, vio-
lently assaulted by another Senator, and yet
