1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73d
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Foster.
Ho. of Reps.
neither the Legislature of his own State, nor that
of any other, thought it worth while to say one
word 'about the matter, nor were there any meet-
ings held to denounce or complain of th  act.
JVs to the allegation that the freedom of speech
is in danger, the idea is too preposterous to merit
refutation. Is there a single member on this floor,
or that of the Senate, who pretends that he has
been restrained by personal fear, at any time,
from saying whatever he desired to say? Is it
not, on the contrary, true, that we are all, at times,
liable to say too much under the impulse of our
feelings, and thatwe often desire to take back what
we have already said ? And does any one suppose
that either of Mr. Sumner's predecessors in the
Senate was ever in the slightestdangerof violence
for words spoken there ? Who ever thought of
assaulting Webster, or John Davis, or Everett, or
Choate, or Bates, or Winthrop, or, in short, any
of the illustrious men with which, in former
times, Massachusetts honored the public coun-
cils ?
I did intend, Mr. Speaker, to have said some-
thing about the efforts that are being made in
various quarters to create political capital out of
this affair. But if I were to do so, I would have
to refer to matters which are not necessarily con-
nected with this case—to Kansas, to the slave
power, the slave oligarchy, and various other
things of which gentlemen on the opposite side
speak in connection with this action. If I were to
refer to these things, I should be led estray from
the path of duty. The gentleman from South
Carolina ought not to be prejudiced by such refer-
ences. He is entitled to a trial on the merits of
his own acts, and should not be a sufferer because
others may have been wrong.
These very attempts of the prosecutors to bring
to their aid all these extraneous circumstances ana
prejudices, show that they themselves are con-
scious of the weakness of their cause, and are
seeking, therefore, to get such help as they are
not entitled to use.
I, and those who concur with me, do not justify
assaults and batteries in the eye of the law; but
we say they may be excused and extenuated by
gross outrages committed against character, and
that this was a case of that kind. It should be
left entirely, therefore, to the action of the courts
to be punished properly, according to its merits
or demerits, by the judicial tribunals of the coun-
try-  
THE ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
SPEECH OF HON. N. G. FOSTER,
OF GEORGIA,
Ik the House or Representatives,
July 10,1856,
On the resolutions reported by the select committee to in-
vestigate the alleged assault upon Senator Somhek by
Mr. Brooks.
Mr. POSTER said:
Mr. Speaker: I have at least one advantage
over most of the gentlemen Hrho have and who
may participate in this discussion. I do notagree
politically with either of the gentlemen who were
involved in the difficulty which forms the basis
of our present proceedings; nor have I any per-
sonal acquaintance with either. I stand as an
impartial arbiter in this matter. I shall not, Mr.
Speaker, follow the example set by most gentle-
men who have preceded me in this debate, by
jumping at conclusions upon which to fasten in-
dammatory appeals to arouse the passions of men.
It is painful to me to see what efforts have been
made to magnify a personal rencounter between
two individuals into a national quarrel; and still
more painful to witness with what success that
effort has been crowned. I propose simply to
examine the questions which are legitimately be-
before us, calmly and dispassionately.
These qustions are: Have we, as a House of
Representatives, any jurisdiction of the case be-
fore us ? If so, what shall be our action in the
premises?
I do not propose to go beyond the first of these
questions. I felt it to be my duty, so soon as
this matter was brought-before us in a shape
to require action, to examine carefully into the
powers of this House; and the result of that ex-
amination has been a clear and satisfactory con-
clusion, in my own mind, that we have no juris-
diction of this case. I admit, that, if we look to
that country from which we have borrowed most'
of our laws, precedents maybe found authorizing
the exercise of the power now claimed. But it
must be borne in nund that there is a wide differ-
ence between the powers of Parliament and the
powers of this House. In that country the power
comes to the people, in this it goes from, the people.
We exist only in the Constitution of the United
States. In that we " live and move and have
our being." Whatever powers that instrument
confers upon us we may use; but the moment tve
go beyond that, we become, to that extent, usurp-
ersand tyrants. The gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Pennington,] who has just taken his seat,
admits, that unless the power be found in the
Constitution, it is not to be exercised. Having,
then, this point to start from, let us turn to that
instrument, and let it speak for itself.
The latter, clause of the sixth section of the
first article says: " And for any speech or debate
in either House, they (Senators and Representa-
tives) shall not be questioned in any other place."
What did the framers of that instrument mean 1
by these words ? Will any gentleman who has
any respect for his reputation for intelligence say
they had reference to personal security ? Shall
we so far libel the fair fame of our fathers as to
charge that they had constitutionalized slander
and defamation ? — that they had in advance
thrown the shield of protection around all who
might be clothed with a little brief authority,
that their tongues might be let loose to elander
and defame the best characters in the land ? No,
sir, they meant to do no such thing. They felt
the necessity of clothing the representatives of
the people with power to examine and discuss,
. with fullest liberty, every matter connected with
; the people's rights. They did not intend-that
any functionary of this Government should arm
himself with the old common-law maxim, "The
greater the truth the greater the slander," and
thus close the mouths of the people's representa-
tives when looking into his conduct. This is
what they intended to do; and further, that the,
representative should not be involved in the
vexations and hazards of a suit for damages, if,
in his efforts to serve the people, he should find
it necessary to speak freely of the conduct of
those intrusted with the people's rights. Beyond
this they never intended to go; and he who at-
tempts to extort more from this clause of the Con-
stitution, will but involve himself in absurdities.
If the object of the framers of the Constitution
j was to protect against being called to personal
accountability for words spoken in debate, they
were guilty of the absurdity of offering protection
where the law had already given ample. I know
no code of laws, either in this or any other country,
which justifies an individual in redressing his own
wrongs, resulting from slanderous words. He
may do so; but it is at his own peril. Further
than this, the Constitution could not restrain him.
If, however, gentlemen who take the other
side of this question elaim that the Constitu-
tion takes this class of cases without the law
altogether, it would result that, if the Senator or
Representative speaks offensive words, not in
debate, he may be legally, or rather constitu-
tionally, flogged for it. His legal protection has
been taken away by the Constitution, and that
instrument only protects him for words spoken
in debate, and, by inference, turns him over to
the tender mercies of those he may assail in
word not spoken in debate. I use this only
to show the absurdity of their position. Again:
if that clause of the Constitution refers to being
" questioned" personally, is it an immunity ap-
pendant, or in gross? Does it attach to the per-
son, or to the office ? If to the person, why, then
the protection is for all time to come, and with
our notions of rotation in office, we shall soon
have a very large class of privileged persons in
our midst.- But, I suppose gentlemen claim that
it attaches to the office. If so, I would advise
gentlemen to be very guarded in their language
about the 3d of March next; or, before the echo
of their speeches have died away, the constitu-
tional segis will take its flight, and they may be
flogged ad libitum. As there is no plea in bar in
such cases, they may find, as did Tam O'Shan-
ter, wrath the warmer for being nursed. But
again, does not the privilege which is claimed by,
and granted to, every newspaper editor and letter
writer in the land to denounce, to their heart's
content, every member on this floor, amount to
as much of a "questioning," for words spoken
in debate, as a personal chastising would do?
Do gentlemen hold that any amount of physical
suffering, to a man of honor and sensibility, can
be weighed in the balance against a charge of
infamy upon his character ? The blows, even of
a bludgeon, cannot degrade a man, unless he
deserved them; and then they become only the
witness, and not the cause, of his degradation.
Now, sir, it is familiar to all of us, that, during
this session, numberless instances have occurred
where gentlemen on this floor have been held up
to public execration for their conduct here, as
representatives of the people, and in some cases
by other members, in letters written to the public
press, and yet no one dreamed that this clause of
the Constitution had been thereby infringed. But
the moment a personal difficulty has occurred,
light seems to break forth, and the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] discovers that it
is a violation of the official oath of a member to
call to personal reckoning any Senator or Repre-
sentative for words spoken in debate. Let us
see how his doctrine will w'ork.
A Senator in the other end of the Capitol uses
language in debate exceedingly derogatory to my
character. What is my remedy? I cannot re-
sort to the courts of the country, for we all agree
that he cannot be " questioned" there. I am a
peaceful and law-abiding man, and resort to the
only course left me under the circumstances. I
meet that Senator in the rotunda or other place,
and call his attention to the words he has used,
and expostulate with him. I claim of him, as an
honorable man, that he must go into the Senate
and undo the wrong he has done me. He draws
himself up to the full stature of his senatorial
dignity, and spits in my face, and I knock him
down. Does that blow make me a perjured felon ?
According to the gentleman's argument it does.
If I believed it, my respect for our fathers who
made the Constitution would cease; and to my
mind, the pages which record their deeds of nobl*
daring in the great struggle for independence
would lose their title to history, and become but
the rhapsodies of some dreaming enthusiast. No,
sir, as I said before, those noble men never in-
tended to license the tongue of the defamer, nor
tie the arms of the freemen of this country by
oaths, when seeking by the only mode left them
to rescue their character from foul aspersions
cast upon them, made more blighting because
coming from high places.
I have not been able to read the speech of the
honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
and may not recollect with certainty what he said
on that point; but 1 understood him to say that
Senator Sumner was not, in fact, stricken down
for what he said in his speech in the Senate, but,
with that pretext, he was smitten really because
he was an Abolitionist, and had become the cham-
pion of the freemen of Kansas. If I am correct
in this, by his own showing, this case, whatever
may be the power of the House, does not fall
within our jurisdiction.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise for the purpose of
making a personal explanation in regard to that.
The SPEAKER. It is not competent to make
a personal explanation. The Chair has stated
this morning that a member of the House had a
right, under the practice of the House, to explain
what he had said, and give the meaning of it.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is what I desire to do.
Mr. FOSTER. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BINGHAM. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Georgia to state that I made any re-
marks to the effect, that the Senator was not
stricken down for what he said in debate ?
Mr. FOSTER. I stated that I had not read
the gentleman's speech as reported in the Globe
of this morning; but that I understood him to
use the argument yesterday, that Senator Sumner
was not stricken for words spoken in debate—
that that was only the ostensible reason, but that
