16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,
34tii Cong,... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars; Chap-
lam of Senate, seven hundred and fifty dollars—
making seventy-five thousand nine hundred and
eighty-three dollars and two cents.
For the contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
For binding, forty-five thousand dollars.
,For lithographing and engttiving, •forty-five
thousand dollars.
For books, five thousand dollars.
For stationery, twelve thousand dollars.
For newspapers, three.thousand dollars.
For Congressional Globe and binding-thesame,
seventy-two' thousand six hundred and fifty-one
dollars.
For reporting proceedings, including the usual
extra compensation to the reporters of the Senate,
eight hundred dollars each, ten thousand four
hundred dollars.
For clerks to committees,pages, police, horses
and carry-alls, twenty-seven thousand four hun-
dred and sixty dollai's: Provided, That the amount
estimated for compensation of the clerks to the
Committee on Finance and printing be deducted
therefrom.
For miscellaneous items, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For compensation and mileage of members of
the House of Representatives arid Delegates from
Territories, three hundred and sixty-five thou-
sand and forty-eight dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others, receiving an-annual salary
m the service of the House of Representatives,
viz: Clerk of the House of Representatives,
thiee thousand six hundred dollars; two clerks,
at two thousand one hundred and sixty dollars
each; seven clerks,'at one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars; Serjeant-at-Arms, two thousand one
hundred and sixty dollars; Doorkeeper, two
thousand one hundred and^sixty dollars; Post-
master, two thousand one hundred and sixty
dollars; one messenger, at one thousand seven
hundred and fifty-two dollars; librarian, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; reading clerk,
one thousand eight hundred dollars; clerk to
Committee of Claims, one thousand'ei^ht hun-
dred dollars; clerk to Committee of Ways and
Means, one thousand eight hundred dollars; clerk
to Sergeant-at-Arms, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; five messengers, at one,thousand four
hundred and forty dollars each; clerk m charge
of books for members, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars; clerk m charge of stationery, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; chaplain, seven
hundroc| and fifty dollars; messenger in charge
of the Hall, seventeen bundled and forty dollars;
twenty-one messengers, including superintend-
ents of the folding and document rooms, twenty-
eight thousand four hundredfold four dollars—
making seventy-nine thousand four hundred and
forty-six dollars.
For contingent expenses of the House of Rep-
resentatives, viz:
I^or binding documents, one hundred and
twenty-live thousand dollars.
For furmtuie, repans, and boxes for books,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For stationery, fifteen thousand dollars.
For horses, e.ui Wages, and saddle horses, five
thousand dollars.
For fuel, oil, and candles, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For newspapers, twelve thousand five hundred
dollars.
For engraving,electrotypingand lithographing,
one hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For Capitol police, five thousand four hundied
and ninety dollars.
For miscellaneous items, seventy thousand
dollars. ;
For pages and mail boys, eight thousand four ;
hundred dollars.
Forfoldmgdocuments, including pay of folders, ;
folding paper, twine, and paste, forty thousand !
dollars.
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for each member and Dele- J
gate of the first session of the Thirty-Fouiill !
Congress thirty-four tliousand seven hundred and i
four dollars. !
For bmdmg twenty-four copies of the Con- i
gressional Globe and Appendix for each merriber j
and Delegate of the first session of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, sixteen thousand six hundred
and fifty-seven dollars and ninety-two cents.
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for each member and Dele-
gate of the second session of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, seventeen thousand three hundred and
fifty-two dollars.
For binding twenty-four copies of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix for each member and
Delegate of the second session of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress,eight thousand six hundred and
seventy-six dollars.
For reporting and publishing the proceedings
of the House of Representatives, including the
usual additional compensation to the-reporters of
the House for the present session, eight hundred
dollars each, twenty thousand four hundred and
twenty dollars, in addition to the unexpended
balance of theappropnation contained m the act
approved fifteenth May, one thousand eight hun-
dred and-fifty-six, for the same purposes prior
to the first July, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-six.
For clerks on land maps, cleiks to committees,
and temporary clerks m the oifice of the Clerk of
the House of Representatives, twenty-eight thou-
sand Tour hundred and sixty dollars.
For one hundred copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, and for binding the same,
for the first and second sessions of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, for the House Library, four
thousand five hundred dollars.
For furniture foi committee-rooms in the south
wing of the extension of the Capitol, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For entire compensation to the clerks,sergeant-
at-arms, and reporter of the Kansas investigating
committee, of three hundred dollars each, two
thousand four hundred dollars.
fAbrarij of Congress.
For compensation of librarian, three assistant
librarians, and messenger, nine thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said library, one
thousand dollars.
For expense of procuring proper apparatus for
wanning said library, and providing fuel for the
same, five thousand cloihu s.
For maintaining the botanic garden and green-
houses, including pay of horticulturist and assist-
ants, under the direction of the Library Com-
mittee of Congress, five thousand dollars.
For purchase of books for said library, five
thousand dollars.
For purchase of law books for said library,
two thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Superintendent of
Public Printing and the clerks and messenger m
his office, eleven thousand five hundred and four-
teen dollars.
For contingent expenses of his oifice, viz: For
blank-books, stationery, postage, advertising for
proposals for paper, furnituie, tiaveling ex-
pense's, and miscellaneous items, two thousand
three hundred dollars.
For rent of ware-room, two hundred and fifty
dollars.
For cartage and labor m storing and transpor-
tation of paper, five hundred and fifty dollars.
For paper required for the printing of the sec-
ond session-of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, one
hundred and fifty-six thousand four hundred and
eight dollars.
For printing required for the second session of
tin- Thirty-Fourth Congress, one hundred and
fifteen thousand dollars.
And the appropriation to supply deficiencies in
the appropriation for printing of the second ses-
sion of th(?Thirty-Tlnrd Congress, contained m
the act of fifteenth of May, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, shall he construed by the account-
ing orriceis of the Treasury, to include the cost
of paper necessary for said printing.
For procuring drawings to illustrate the Patent
Oilhe report foi the yeai eighte. n hundred and
fifty-six, six thousand dollars, to be expended
under the direction of the Commissioner of Pat-
ents.
Executive.
For cpmpensation of the President of the
United States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Vice President of the
United States, from the fourth of March to the
thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-seven, two thousand six hundred and twen-
ty-two dollars and twenty-two cents.
For compensation to secretary to sign patents
for lands, one thousand five hundred dollars.
Department of State.
For compensation of the Secretary of State,
and Assistant Secretary of State, clerks, messen-
ger and assistant messenger in his office, and for
laborers employed therein, at the rate of four
hundred and eighty^Jollars per annum, per act of
fourth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
fifty-one thousand six hundred and twenty dol-
lars.
For the Incidental and Contingent Expenses of said
Department.
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form, and
in the newspapers of the States and Territories,
and in the city of Washington, forty-seven thou-
sand three hundred and one dollars.
For proof-reading, packing, and distributing
laws and documents, including cases and trans-
portation, fifteen thousand two hundred dollars.
For stationery, blank-books, binding, painting
and glazing, six thousand five hundred dollars.
For copper-plate prifiting, books and maps,
two thousand dollars.
For newspapers, six hundred dollars.
For extra clerk-hire and copying, two thousand
dollars; said cleiks to be employed only during
the session of Congress, or when indispensably
necessary, to enable the Department to answer
some call made by either House of Congiess at
one session to be answered at another.
For miscellaneous items, one thousand five
hundred dullats.
To enable the Secretary of State to pay for the
services of a messenger sent to the Government
of Texas upon the passage by Congress of the
Texas indemnity bill, in eighteen hundred and
fifty, five hundred dollars.
To enable the Secretary of State to purchase
fifty copies each, of volumes eighteen and nine-
teen of Howard's Reports of the Decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States, five hundred
dollars.
To enable the Secretary of State to purchase
five hundred copies of the three volumes of the
Diplomatic Correspondence of the United States,
from seventeen hundred and eighty-three to sev-
enteen hundred and eighty-nine, seven thousand
five hundred dollars.
To reimburse the consular agent of the United
States at the Island of St. Thomas for that amount
expended by him, by orders of this Government,
111 landing and storing the cargo of the bark
Amelia of New York, and other expenses inci-
dent thereto, laden with arms and munitions of
war, which were seized by order of the Govern-
ment, and carried into said island and then landed,
four thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars, to
be disbursed under the direction of the Secretary
of Slate.
To enable the Secretary of State to procure
copies of Dr. Kohl's maps of the continents and
islands of America, the sum of six thousand dol-
lars, which shall be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of State in such manner as he
may deem best for that object.
Northeast Executive Building.
For compensation of four watchmen of the
northeast executive building, and two laborers
employed therein, at the rate of four hundred and
eighty dollars per annum, per act of fourth Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, three thou-
sand three hundred and sixty dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
for fuel, light, and repairs, three thousand three
hundred dollars.
Treasury Department.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, clerks,
messenger, and assistant messenger in his office,
and for laborers employed/the rein at the rate of
four hundred and eighty dollars per annum, per
act of fourth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, forty-eight thousand twtf hundred and sixty
dollars.
