740
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 7,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
he was really stricken because he had become the
^STd^^that
the gentleman labors under a very great mistake.
I said nothing to justify that remark. My posi-
tion was plain .-that he was stricken down for what
he had said in debate.
Mr. FOSTER. However that may be, this
explanation has suggested another idea on this
pouit. Whether Mr. Brooks struck lnm for
what he had said in debate or not, he might have
protected himself from your power. The only
evidence you have on that subject is what Mr.
Brooks has himself said. He could justas easily
have given the Senator some other reason for the
attack as the one he did give, or he might have
fiven no reason at all; and then I ask gentlemen
ow they would reach the case under this clause
of the Constitution ? With these views, Mr.
Speaker, I close what I have to say on this point.
Whatever, say gentlemen, may be the construc-
tion given to tiie clause of the Constitution al-
ready referred to, there is no doubt but that both
the power to try and punish is contained in the
latter clause of the first section of the first article:
« Each House may determine the roles of its proceed-
ings, punish its members for disorderly behavior, and, with
the concurrence of two thirds, expel a member."
What did the framers of the Constitution mean
by these words? Did they mean, by" disorderly
behavior, "any improper conduct of which a mem-
ber might be guilty anywhere, as has been argued
by gentlemen here? No, sir; they meant no such
thing. They meant just precisely, technically,
what they said—any violations of the rules of
the House which had been adopted for its gov-
ernment. This power is one absolutely neces-
Bary for the very existence of this as a deliber-
ative body. Every one knows that without
rules of order we could not transact business.
These rules would be worthless without the power
to enforce them; and hence the framers of the
Constitution gave this extraordinary power as a
thing of necessity. Like the law of self-defense
it becomes one of the necessities to our existence,
and would exist, in my judgment, of necessity,
if the Constitution were silent upon the subject.
But, like the law of self-defense, it cannot go
beyond the necessity which created it. If the
courts of the country could meet the exigency,
the law of self-defense would cease; and when-
ever the courts of the country can cover with
their jurisdiction the whole case, the power of the
House, under this clause, does not attach. By
keeping this distinction in view, we obviate the
difficulties which would otherwise arise, taking
the whole Constitution together. It is the evi-
dent spirit of that instrument, that no man shall
suffer twice for the same offense: for some of the
higher offenses it so expressly states.
Now, if we have the power to punish Mr.
Brooks for the offense which it is alleged he com-
mitted, have the courts of the country power to
punish him for the same offense? I think not;
and, rice versa. I am much strengthened in this
view by reference to that clause of the Consti-
tution which provides for the trial of impeach-
ments. If the framers of the Constitution did
not think that the judgment of the Senate on
trial for impeachment would be a good plea in
bar in the courts, why did they especially except
such cases from the operation of that plea?
Again: if the framers of the Constitution intended
to give to Congress the unlimited and discretion-
ary power which is claimed under this fifth sec-
tion, why did they restrain that power in those
cases involving high crimes, and tried by impeach-
inent? Mr. Speaker, there is but one safe rule on
this subject, and that is to take the framers of the
Constitution to mean just what they say, and no
more. This involves no absurdity, creates no
conflict of jurisdiction, and vindicates our fathers
from the folly which is sought to be put upon
them.
But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
produces authority on this subject, in the shape
of the practice of Congress in the early history
of our Government. He has cited two cases in
which the power of Congress was claimed and
exercised, to punish by resolution for offenses
committed, not in violation of the rules and orders
of the House. I admit that these cases exist—
authorities, if you please so to designate them.
In answer to tnis, I can inform that gentleman
and all others, that I recognize no obligation to
obey the voice of the fathers in church or State.
So far as their opinions serve to enlighten ^ny
mind as to what the text itself means, I am will-
ing to use them; but when, to my mind, they
palpably conflict with the text, I regard them as
worth no more than the opinions of any other
man, or set of men. Now, sir, in my judgment,
these cases are most palpably wrong, and, as
such, cannot claim either my respect or observ-
ance. It may be asked, what shall we do with a
member, if his character has become infamous by
high crimes and misdemeanors? You say we
cannot expel him; shall we be compelled to sit '
here with him as a peer ? ] answer, no. The most
ample remedy is given in the Constitution. The
fourth article of the third section reads thus:
[ "The President, Vice President, and all civil officers of
; the United States, shall be removed from office on impeach-
] ment for, and conviction of, treason, bribery, or other high
j crimes and misdemeanors."
j Here, then, is the remedy. Impeachment. You
1 will perceive that several crimes are here specific-
ally set forth, and "other high crimes and mis-
demeanors." The fair construction of this is, that
any crime or misdemeanor which ought to dis-
qualify a civil officer for his position will subject
him to impeachment, and that no crime or mis-
demeanor which does not subject him to impeach-
ment will disqualify him for office. If so, then
every case is provided for, and the mode and
means for the exercise of the power conferred
plainly pointed out. I might very well contend,
under this clause of the Constitution, that im-
peachment is not only the proper mode, but the
only one, by which a civil officer of this Govern-
ment can be removed from office. When the
Constitution says "shall be removed by impeach-
ment, "itis tantamount to saying, "and in no other
way." For, if it shall be in one way, it cannot be
in any other way. If I must go one road, I cannot
go another at the same time. Nor does this
view conflict with the power to expel, as I un-
derstand that power; but it does conflict with it
as claimed by other gentlemen. We expel a
member, not because he has committed any act
which disqualifies him for the office, but because
his behavior on the floor interrupts the business
of the House; and we expel—put him out, to get
rid of his interruptions. Now, whether this ex-
pulsion will work a forfeiture of his office, as a
result, I shall not stop to argue. One thing is
clear, we have not taken his office from him by
resolution; we have only put him out of our way.
Let us for a moment examine the propriety of
acting upon the power claimed by gentlemen.
Now, our fathers thought, at when an officer
of this Government was to be tried for any crime
which was of sufficient importance to deprive him
of the franchise which he held, the utmost so-
lemnity ought to be observed. The House must
prefer the articles of impeachment; but when
they had thus become the prosecutor, they were
not also to sit as the jury. Nor was the Senate,
with all its wisdom and gravity, to decide this
solemn question, big as it was with the fate of
the accused, as mere Senators. No, sir, they
must take a solemn oath or affirmation to hold
them still stronger to their duty. But what do
we see before us now ? We have become the
prosecutor of Mr. Brooks. We allege that he
has been guilty of "disorderly behavior;" not,
it is true, by the violation of any of our rules of
order, but by violating a criminal law of the land;
and we propose to expel him from the House,
take from him the commission which the State
of South Carolina has given him, and inflict upon
him all the consequencesthat may flow from such
action. We propose to make a record against
| him that will stand while the Government lasts;
and who constitutes the jury in the case ? We
ourselves. Listen, sir, to the speeches of gentle-
| men on this floor—the most unbridled appeals
i to the passions of men, both in and out of this
' House, and that, too, by gentlemen who are at
the close of this discussion to assume .the juror,
and pass upon the guilt or innocence of the ac-
cused. I caution gentlemen to look well to it be-
fore they take this step. We may do, under the
influence of our excited feelings, what we would
not cease to regret the balance of our lives. I
assure gentlemen, that in the State from which I
come, and I suppose it is true of every place
where civilization and law obtain, not one of
them who has spoken in favor of this power to
expel would be a competent juror on the trial
of a man for the smallest offense known to the
law, with such feelings as they have manifested
in this case We require a juror to be perfectly
free from all bias or prejudice, and our Legisla-
tures use all their ingenuity to devise means to
pry into each juryman's _ heart, and find out
whether he stands perpendicular or not. Why,
sir, the Constitution, under which they claim this
power to expel, requires that the jury shall be
impartial.
This, Mr. Speaker, is what I proposed to say in
the argument of this case. I have not spoken, sir,
for Buncombe. I did not bring with me any of
my fourth of July orations, nor college speeches.
I have nothing fixed up for outside consumption.
I wished to present my views on the question of
constitutional power, and give the reasons which
will influence me in the vote I shall give in this
matter. And here I would take my seat; but I
feel bound to say a few words in reference to one
of the eloquent rhapsodies of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] I have heard those same
kind of rhapsodies before, and have often read
the like in newspapers. We at the South have
become accustomed to hear such things, and hence
they move us but little from our equanimity. I
confess it often produces feelings of pity for those
who, like the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] seem to be honest in their zeal. We for-
give them as we would any other monomaniac.
But when one goes so far as to charge, as the gen-
tleman from Ohio did, in his speech, that an insti-
tution, recognized in the Constitution under
which he lives, and one he is sworn to support, as
" that crime of crimes—that sum of all villanies,
which makes merchandize of immortality"—
I say when gentlemen see proper to use such
language as that, I have no words of my own for
an answer. I commend to him, and to all who
think with him upon this subject, the perusal of
a small volume called the "African Preacher." It
was written by a New England man, and is but
the simple biography of a native of Africa,whom
this " sum of all villanies" brought to our shores,
and who lived and labored, and died a slave in
Virginia. If further answer to this part of his
speech be desirable to him, 1 refer nim to the
songs of praise that go up each Sabbath day from
th§ voices of five hundred thousand slaves in the
South, who have learned the truth that enables
' them to rejoice in the hope of a blissful immor-
tality, through the instrumentality of "that crime
: of crimes which makes merchandise of immor-
| tality." And if not satisfied yet, go another
step—go stand by the bedside of the dying slave,
f and hear him when life's last sand is falling
through, and the realities of that life to come are
fast rushing home upon his expectant vision—
when life mortal and life immortal are in their
last struggle for the mastery, and the clay tene-
ment is fast dissolving around that jewel of celes-
tial birth that now plumes itself for the passage
back to that" house not made with hands"—go
then, I say, and h«ar for yourselves his last
prayer of thanksgiving to God that, through "that
sum of all villanies," lie had seen proper in His
i providence to transfer him from barbarism and
i moral death to where the light of the Gospel
! of truth had shined iato his dark understanding!
Go hear that prayer for yourselves, that you
may rebuke it, and learn that your quarrel is not
with us, but God!
RIVER AND HAKBOR IMPBOVEMENTS.
SPEECH OF HON. LEWIS CASS,
OP MICHIGAN.
In the Senate, July 7  1856.
The Senate having under reconsideration, agreeably to
the Constitution, the bill to remove obstructions to naviga-
tion in the mouth of the Mississippi river at the Southwest
Pass and Pass & l'Outre, which had been returned by the
President of the United States, with his objections
Mr. CASS said: Mr. President, the principles
involved in the bill under consideration, and which
