750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
it was.
Mr. WADE. I suggest to the gentleman who
offered these amendments to withdraw them and
let the bill pass.
Mr. SEWARD. As the previous question is
in operation, I object to this debate.
The question being on the amendment to the
amendment,
Mr. CARLILE withdrew the call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. BILLINGHURST renewed the call.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 71, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Barbour, Benson, Billingliurst,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Bufiiniou, Buihngame, James II. Camp-
bell, Lfwis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clark, Claws-on,
Colfax, Coniins, Cragin, Cumback, faamrcll, Day, Ihck,
Dickson, Dodd, Durlee, hlmrie, Flagler, Galloway, Gid-
dingf, Gilbert, Giangei, Grow, Robert B. Hall, llailan,
Thomas K. Horton, Valentine B. Elorton, Kclsey, King,
Knight, Knovvlton, Knox, Mace, Matteson, McCaity, Kil-
han Miller, Morgan, Mott, Nichols, Noiton, Parker, Pen-
nington, Pettit, Pike,Pnngle, Ritchie, Uobbms, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Scott, Simmons, Spinner, Tappan, Trafton, Wade,
Waibndge, Waldron, Ellihu B. Washhurne, Israel Wash-
burn, \Vat on, Welch, Woodruff, and Woodworlh—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Barclay, Hell, Hendloy S. Rennett,
Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Broom, Burnett, Cadwala-
der, John 1\ Campbell, Oarlile, Caruthers, IIowcll Cobb,
Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cox, Ciaige, Crawford, Davidson,
Dowdcll, English, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Faulknei,
Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode. Greenwood, J. Mor-
rison Hauis, Thomas L. IIaru&, Haven, Jlcrbeit, Hoffman,
Houston, George XV. Jones, J. Clarify Jone<, Kennett,
Lake, Letehe<, Lindley, Lumpkin, Humphrey Mandiall,
Maxwell, McMulhn,McCiueen, Million, Moore, Orr, lYck,
Pholpa, Porter, Powell, Puryoar, Gunman, Peade, Itieaud,
ltuffin,- ^andulgc, Savage, Scwaid, Shortei, Samuel A.
Smith, William R. Smith, Hneed, Stevvait,Talbott. Taylor,
Todd, Trippr, Ty>on, Underwood, Valk, Walker, W.unci,
Wells, Whitney, Window, John V. Wnght, and Zollieof-
fer—81.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question recurred 011 the amendment of-
fered by Mr. II. Marshall.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 66, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—Mo^rn. Barclay, Bowie, Hraneh, Burnett, Cad-
waladei, John P. Campbell,Carlile, llowell Cobb, Wilh.im-
w>n it. U\ Cobb, Gov, Cnuge, Ciawloid, Davidson, Ilemy
Winter i)a\ j-., Dowdell, l'<ngli>h, U1M1-, Kwins, Faulkner,
Florence, Goode, Au<riMU"- Hall, J. Mmiiwiii JIai 11-, Hainp-
hon W. HaiiH, lleihcii, Hodman, llon.-ton, Geoige \V.
Jones, J. Gkiney Jones Kennctt, Lake, Lindley, Lumpkin,
Humphrey M.u^hall, riaimul S Mae-hall, MeMullm, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Mooir, Peck, Phelps, Poitei, Powell,
Purycar, P.eade, llicaiul, Richanhon, Rullin, riandidL"',
H.mme, Scott, sSewaid, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed, Stewait,
Talbott, Taj loi, Tnppe, Uudei wood, V'alk, Walker, War-
ner, Whitney, WmMow, John V. Wiight, and Zolheofter—
0(5.
NAYS—"Messrs. Allen, Allison, Barbour, Bell, TIendley
S Bennett, Bonbon, Hiihughuivf, Bins, Boeoelc. Bovee,
B)a<3-hu\v, Biook •, Bufihuon, l' ui lingume, James II. Camp-
bell, Lewis 1). Campbell, Chalice. IUi\aid Claik, K/ia
Clark, Claw-.on, < 'oi!a\, < 'onun^, (1i.ufm, Ciimhaek, Datn-
jell, Timoihy Davis J).t\, Diek, ihek-on, Dodd, Durlee,
iJnnie, KUiciuij;e, Flakier, Thomas J. I). Fitllei, Gatlowav,
Kidding, Gdbett, Gi.tngei, Gireuvv.tod, Gunv, Robeit i).
Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. [JariH, I i.iven, Thomas R 11oj ton,
Valentine I! lloifon, KeNt'V, Kin!.', Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, iiCteher, Mae<;, Matleson, McCaity, Kilhan INIiller,
Mdi-on, JVloiu.Mi, Moti, Nichols, Noiton, Oil, l'aikei,
Pi'aiee, Pennington, Pike, Piingle, Qmtman, Ritchie, ]tob-
hin-, Sabin, S.u.re, Sapp, Snmnoiis, Spinnei, Tappan,
Todd, 'T't.uton, 'J'yson. Wad«', Walbudyc, Waldron, Fillihu
\Va>libuine, Isiael Wa^hhinn, W.itson, Welch, Welh,
Woodiuli, and Woodwotlh—9U.
 ^o the amendment was not agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CARUTIiEllS said: Mr. Speaker, I
pnircd oil'yesterday with Mr. Bkwvktt, of New
York; but the fact escaped my recollection, and
I have been voting all the morning. I ask the
consent of the Mouse to withdraw all the votes
which 1 east to-day.
Consent was ^iven.
Mr. KLOlliMCE. I desire to change my
vote, and to say a word or two in explanation of
my renson-; for dome: so.
Objection was made.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I do not earn. I
am a strict constructionist Sta'e rights man. I
v -ou!d lather have the United States Government
l>\uld jn-mtuiiaanew 111 the Statestluu) infripguon
the rights of the States. I look upon the termer
as the leaser of two evils. I change my vote to
uy.
Mr. CASKIE asked leave to vote.
The SPEAKER. Was the gentleman within
the bar when his name was called?
Mr. CASKIE. I was not.
The SPEAKER. Then, by the rules, the gen-
tleman is not entitled to vote.
Mr. CASKIE. I asked leave to vote; but, the
Chair did not ask whether there was any objec-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia asks leave to vote.
Mr. FLAGLER. I object.
Mr. CASKIE. Allow me to say that I came
in before the call of the C's was ended.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading:;
and having been read a third time was passed.
Mr. WADE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider 011 the table; which lat-
ter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GOODE. I now call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I want to withdraw
some papers, to have them sent to the Depart-
ments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The bill which
has just passed was taken up this morning by
unanimous consent, and two hours and twenty
nnnutes have been consumed in its consideration.
I desire now that the bill which is regularly m
ord< r—regulating suffrage in the District of Co-
lumbia—be taken up.
Mr. CtUITMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present a report from the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GOODE. I object, and call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill reported by
the Committee for the District of Columbia^ on
which the previous question has been moved; and
that question is pending.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules of the House be suspended, and th.it the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GOODE. That motion is regularly made
by the gentleman from Olno whenever this ques-
tion comes up.
Mr. BENNETT, of ATississippi. I rise to a
question of privilege. 1 desire to make an ex-
planation in reference to some remarks made the
other day by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Damuell.]
Mr. GOODE. Does this have the effect of su-
perseding the cull for the previous question?
The SPEAKER. If there be unanimous con-
sent it does supersede it.
Mr. GOODE. Then I object. I am willing to
listen to a personal explanation from my friend
from Mississippi; but I cannot consent that the
motion for the previous question should be thereby
lost.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia misunderstood the Chair. The bill reported
by the Committee for the District of Columbia
is pending, and is not displaced from its position
before the flouse. It recurs immediately.
Mr. GOODE. Well, if the question recurs on
the gentleman taking his seat, I withdraw my
objection.
Mi\ BENNETT proceeded to make some re-
marks in reply to an allusion to the State of Mis-
sissippi made in debate some days ago by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 rise to a question of order.
Mr. Speaker, there is not a gentleman in this
j House that I would be more disinclined to mter-
; fere with than the gentleman from Mississippi;
j but 1 nevertheless desire to know whether the
! speech lie has indicated lus intention to make is
; a personal explanation ?
I Mr. BENNETT. Jtisapcrsonalcxplanation.
| Mi. BOCOCK. Is it a matter 111 which the
| gentleman from Mississippi is himself personally
! concerned ?
| Mr BENNETT. I conceive it to be stu-h.
| Mr. BOCOCK. Then I can have nothing to
, say.
| The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
j gentleman from Virginia that it is impossible for
■ him to determine that what the gentleman fiom
j Mississippi is about to say is not 111 the nature of
1 n personal explanation. A wide latitude has
j always been allowed in such cases. ,
Mr. ALLISON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, that he can accomplish
his object by introducing his speech in Commit-
tee of the Whole. That ts the proper place to
attend to matters of this kind.
The SPEAKER. _ The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi has the unanimous consent of the Plouse
to make a personal explanation.
Mr. GOODE. I think that enough has been
said to enable the Chair to determine that this is
a matter affecting the whole State of Mississippi,
and is not a personal explanation. I object to
the gentleman's proceeding,because I am determ-
ined to object to everything in the nature of gen-
eral debate, until the bill, which is regularly before
the House, has been disposed of. 1 feel it, there-
fore, my duty to refuse my assent to the contin-
uation of the gentleman's remarks, unless the
Chair overrules my question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that it
is hardly possible for him to anticipate what ap-
plication the gentleman from Mississippi may
make of the remarks*he has submitted. The
House has given unanimous consent for the gen-
tleman to make a personal explanation, and mas-
much as there is no question regularly before the
House, it is a matter of considerable delicacy for
the Chair to determine in advance that the re-
marks of the gentleman from Mississippi are out
of order.
Mr. BENNETT. What I propose to say is in
defense of the State of Mississippi.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, if thatbe the fact,
it is certainly not in the nature of a personal ex-
planation. But I will suggest to the gentleman
from Mississippi that if he will postpone his re-
marks, I will endeavor to get the House to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and the gentleman can then make his
speech.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have no dif-
ficulty, upon the statement of the gentleman from
Mississippi, in deciding in advance that his re-
marks are not in the nature of a personal expla-
nation. Upon the statement of the gentl-mian from
Mississippi the Chair must sustain the point of
order, and decide that the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi is out of order.
SUFFRAGE IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. GOODE. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of a bill defining the
rights of voters, and the duties of commissioners
of elections, in the city of Washington, and for
other purposes. A motion to recommit the bill
has been made and the previous question de-
manded.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I understand the
demand for the previous question has been with-
drawn.
Mr. GOODE. It has not.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules of the House be suspended, and that the
House iv^olve itself into the Committee of tho
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GOODE. J hope the motion will not be
agreed to. 1 beg the friends of the bill to notice
that this motion to go into the Committee of tho
Whole 011 the state of the Union has been made
regularly by the gentleman from Ohio whenever
the title of this bill has been announced.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken, and Mr. Campbell's
motion wns not agieed to.
The question recurred upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I thought that when
the House adjourned yesterday, the question
pending was upon the motion to recommit.
The SPEAKER. That motion is still pending;
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. G-oode,J how-
evei, demands the previous question, and the
! question first to be taken is upon seconding that
, demand. It is the motion to recommit that keeps
i the bill Ixfoie the House as unfinished business.
' Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. Before the  -entIe-
! man from Virginia insists upon his demand for
the previous question, I ask him to modify the
remarks made by him yesterday, in accoi dan^e
Willi the letter which has to-day been addressed
to the chairman of the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
