1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
The SPEAKER. Debate can be entered into
only by unanimous consent.
Several Members objected.
, Mr. SANDIDGE. 'I should be very glad to
accommodate the friends of this bill by having it
put in such a shape that I can consistently vote
for it. I ask the gentleman from Virginia, there-
fore, to withdraw his demand for the previous
question to enable me to submit an amendment to
the bill, otherwise I shall be compelled to vote
against it.
Mr. GOODE. I cannot withdraw the demand.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Before the de-
mand for the previous question receives a second,
I desire to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by unan- :
imous consent.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for tellers
on the second.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Meaciiam
and Savage were appointed.
The question was taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative, the tellers having reported, ayes
67, noes 65.
So the previous question received a second.
Mr. TRIPPE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to demand
a recount. I will state the ground on which I
make it. After the tellers announced that there
were sixty-six in the affirmative and sixty-five in
the negative, there were three others who passed
through the tellers who voted in the negative, and
who were not reported. They were of course not
counted, by accident or mistake. I do not think
that the tellers observed them.
Mr. SAVAGE. The gentleman is mistaken.
Several Members. They were too late; the
Speaker had announced that the call for the pre-
vious question was seconded.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to report votes
to the Chair after he has announced that there is
a second.
Mr. TRIPPE. I do not suppose there can be
any objection to a recount.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. TRIPPE. I move that there be a recount.
Mr. PHELPS. The motion is not in order.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move
for a recount. The question is now ? Shall the
main question be now put ?
Mr. GALLOWAY. I demand the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 73, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barclay, Bell, Hcndley S. Ben-
nett, Bliss, Boeoek, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks,
Burnett, Oadvvalnder, ('arutliers, Caskie, Ilowell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cuuge,Crawford, Davidson, Dav,
Dodd, Dowdcll, .Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goodc, Giow, Augustus Hall, Samp-
son W. Hams, Thomas' L. Hams, Heibert, Thomas R.
Horton, Valentine B. Norton, Hou*ton, Geoige YV. Jone><,
J. Glancy Jones, Knowlion, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace, Sam-
uel S. Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell, McMulhn, McQuccn,
Meachaui, Smith Miller, Mott, Nichols, Oil*, Feck, Phelps,
Powell, Quitman, Richaidiron, ftuflin, Ravage, Scwaid,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Siewait, Talhott,
Taylor, Warner, Elhhu B. Wa«hhnrne, Israel Washburn,
Watson, Wells, Wmsiow, and John V. Wright—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Barbour, Benson, Uilhnghurst,
Bradshaw, Bioom, Buffinton, Burhngame, James U. Camp-
bell, John V.Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caihlc, Chaftee,
Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax, Comms, Cragin, Cuinback,
Daimcll, Henry Winter Davi*, Timothy Da\ is, Dick, Dick-
son, Dm fee, EdwauK Kniiie, Erhenclge, Enstis, Evans,
Flaglei, Galloway, Guhhngs, Gilbert, Robeit B. Hall,
Harlan, J. Moru^on Harris, Haven, iioilmun, Kennett,
Km , Knight, Knox, Lake, Lmdlcy, Alexander K. Mar-
shall. Humphrey Marshall, Kilhan Miller, Moore, Noiton,
l'atker, Peaice, Pennington, Pcttit, Pike, Portei, Prmgle,
Puryoai, Reade, TCieaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Sabin, Sand.dgc,
Sapp. Srott, William R Smith, Sneod, Tapptiu, Trai'ton,
Tiippe, Underwood, \ralk, Wade,Waldron,VValker,Welch,
\V hitney, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zollicoffer—82.
So the House refused to order the main ques-
tion to be now put.
Pending the above call,
Mr. CARUTHERS said: Mr. Speaker, I have
paired off with the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Bennett] on all questions connected with
slavery. A while ago I withdrew the votes which
I had given, because it was supposed that the bill
then under consideration affected that subject.
The House may have thought that the pair was
a general one, and I make this statement to ac-
count for the vote which I now give.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I now move to recon-
sider the vote by which the call for the previous
question was seconded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can that motion
be reconsidered?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinij
that the motion to reconsider is in order.
Mr. TRIPPE. Mr. Speaker, I desire t^ ask
the Chair a question for my own information, as
well as that of those who stand upon the same
platform of inexperience with me. If the House
refuse to order the main question to be now put,
does not the bill stand before it just as though no
proceedings had been had?
The SPEAKER. Inasmuch as the House
seconded the call for the previous question by
tellers, and then refused on the yeas and nays to
order the main question to be now put, the bill,
in the opinion of the Chair, goes over until to-
morrow. But the House can reconsider the vote
by which the call for the previous question re-
ceived a second.
Mr. TRIPPE. I would like to call the atten-
tion of the Chair and the House to a rule of the
House on this question, and a note which is ex-
planatory of it. I ask the Chair to review his
decision. I was at first of the same impression
that he is; but I have received a different impres-
sion from older members, who are, or ought to be,
masters of the rules of the House. The 50th
rule is as follows:
" The previous question s>hall be in this form: < Shall the
main question be now put?' It shall only be admitted when
demanded by a majority of the members present; and its
cffcct shall be to put an end to all debate, and bring the
House to a direct vote upon a motion to commit, if >uch
motion shall have been made; and if this motion does not
prevail, then upon amendments reported by a committee,
if any, then upon pending amendment^, and then upon the
mam question. On a motion for the pievious question, and
prior to the seconding of the same, a call of the House shall
be m order; but after a majonty shall have seconded such
a motion, no call shall be m oider puoi to <x decision of the
mam question."
The rule says that if a negative vote—that is
the meaning of it—be had on the question, 'Shall
the main question be now put?'the question shall
then stand before the House on all the amend-
ments pending, of course putting it in statu quo
ante helium.
A Member. Ante bellum ?
Mr. TRIPPE. Yes, sir, antebellum; and there
is to be a post he.llxmi on this question, and we
wish to meet it. But this is out of order, and I
do not care to transgress the rules.
I will now read the explanatory note to which
I have referred. It is as follows:
"The original intent of the previous question was, to
ascertain the sense of the House, in the early stages of a
subject, as to the propnety of entertaining the matter; and
if decided affirmatively, the debate went on: if decided nega-
tively, tiie debate ceased, and the subject passed from beloie
the House without motion or furthei question. This was
the practice jn Congress unriei the eonfedeiation; and it is
still the practice in the Biiu.-h Paihament. Now, by the
piactiee of the House, as well a^ by the tenns of the rule,
it is reveised: if the motion loi the pi evions question i* de-
cided m the affirmative, debate ceases, and the House pro-
ceeds to vote ; if in the negative, the piocoedmg^ go on as if
the motion foi the previous question had not been made.'"
Then this note, taken in connection with the
rule, makes it clear to my mind as sunlight, that
the House having refused to order the main ques-
tion to be now put, the question stands before us
as though no vote had been taken on the call for
the previous question. If the call for the previ-
ous question receives a second, debate closes; but
if the House then refuse to order the main ques-
tion to be now put, the proceedings go on as if
there had been no call for the previous question.
The action of the House is nugatory so far as
affecting the status of the question is concerned.
That, in my judgment, is the meaning of the
rule and explanatory note. The bill stands now
as if there had been no voting on the cull for the
previous question. 1 admit that my impressions
were different until my attention was called to
the rule and note which I have read. Whatlegis-
lative expeiienee I have had, has been under the
parliamentary law adopted for the government
of legislative bodies, and under that, when the
call for the previous question received a second
and it was then refused to order the mam question,
the question passed over for consideration until
the next day. Under our rules here I have no
doubt the operation in this respect is different.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The practice of the
House has been so universal and uniform, as far
as my knowledge extends, in reference to this
matter, that I do not think there cluj be a shadow
of doubt in reference to it. Under the parliament-
ary law it required only one member to second
the demand for the previous question. Now the
only change which has been made in our rules is,
that you require a majority to second a demand
for the previous question. Bearing that m mind,
if you will look to the parliamentary law upon
that subject, you will perccive that where the mo-
tion for the previous question was made under the
parliamentary law, and was seconded by one
member, the question was, "Shall the main ques-
tion be now put?" What was the effect of it?
It is laid down very clearly on pages 101 and 102
of the Manual:
" The previous question being moved and seconded, tho
question from the Chair shall be, 'Shall the main question
be now put,' and if the nays prevail the main question shall
not then be put? This kind of question is undeistood by
Mr. Halsell to have been introduced in 1604. When the
question was put in this form, 1 Shall the mam question be
put?' a determination in the negative suppressed the main
question during the session; but since the words {now put*
arc used, they excluded it lor the piesent only; formally,
indeed, only until the present debate was over, but now
for that day and no longer."
The rule referred to by my colleague, [Mr.
Tiurpc,] and the note, refer to the motion; but
the vote on the second to the demand for the pre-
vious question has been so universally construed
by the action of this House, that the second to
the demand has never, within my knowledge,
been reconsidered; the motion has been made,
and invariably refused, on the ground that you
cannot rcconsider a second to the demand for the
previous question. It is precisely as if a man
should rise, under the parliamentary law, and
move to reconsider the second to a demand for
the previous question, when it required only ono
member to second it. The practice of this House
has been, that where you negative the question,
" Shall the main question be now put?" it goes
over until to-morrow, and comes up again on tho
question, "Shall the main question be now put?"
andjustas long as this House sees proper to refuse
to order that the main question shall be now put,
they postpone the bill for the day, and they may
defeat it during the session by postponing it day
after day, by a refusal to order the main question
to be now put.
Mr. TRIPPE. Will the gentleman allow me
to call his attention to the 50th rule? It is: "The
previous question shall be in this form, 'Shall
the main question be now put?'55
Mr. COBB. What of that?
Mr. TRIPPE. Well, I shall show what of ifc
by the pauses which I shall make. <{ It shall only
be admitted when demanded by a majority of the
members present; and its effect"—effcct of what?
Of the question—"Shall the main question be
now put?"—to which the pronoun refers all the
way through—" and its effect shall be, to put an
end to all debate, and bring the House to adirect
vote upon a motion to commit, if such motion
shall have been made; and if this motion does
not prevail"—What motion?—44 Shall the pre-
\ious question be now put."
Mr. COBB. Oh, no; the motion to commit.
If tho motion to commit does not prevail, then
upon tho amendments.
Mr. TRIPPE. If this motion—that is, tha
motion, " Shall the main question be now put ?"—
shall not prevail, then- 
Mr. COBB. If my colleague will permit me,
I wish to correct him, for 1 am somewhat familiar
with this question. This is a recent amendment
of the lules, put in for the purpose of preventing
the call for the previous question from cutting ou
the motion to commit, as it would under the par-
liamentary law, and under the rules of this House,
until this amendment was made. By the amend-
ment the House is brought to a vote, first upon
the motion to commit; and if the House votes
down that motion, then upon the amendments.
The rule has nothing to do with the point now
before the House, as my colleague will sec if he
j will examine it. That amendment to the rules
|i was adopts-d in 1848. I leeollect the occasion
, - when tins question was brought before the Ilouse.
,i Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the in-
j' dulgt-'iice of the gentleman from Georgia, to make
an inquiry of the Chair. I understand that under
the rules, when a question is before the House,
i' and an adjournment takes place, the question goes
to the Speaker's table, except m one or two in-
I stances; as where there is a motion to recommit
>, pending, or where the previous question has been
:j ordered. When the previous question has been
Si ordeicd, and the House has declared that the
