1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For compensation of the First Comptroller, and
the cleiks and messenger in lus office, and for
labosers employed therein, at the rate of four
hundied and eighty dollars per annum, per act of
fourth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
twenty-seven thousand nine hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Second-Comptroller, !
and the clerks and messenger in his office, and <
for laborer employed therein, at the .rate of four j
hundred and eighty dollars per annum, per act I
of fourth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, !
twenty-six thousand seven hundred and twenty ;
doliais. |
For compensation of the First Auditor, and the I
clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger in his I
office, and for laborer employed therein, at the
rale of four hundred and eighty dollars per annum,
per act of fourth August, eighteen hundred and j
fifty-four, tlufty-five thousand eight hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the Second Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger
in his office, and for laborer employed therein, at
the rate of four hundred and eighty dollars per
annum, per act of fourth August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, thirty-five thousand three hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the Third Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger
in his office, and lor laborers employed therein,
at the rate of four hundred and eighty dollars per
annum, per act of fourth August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, one hundred and thirty-three
thousand five hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Fourth Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger in
his office, twenty-seven thousand four hundred
dollars.
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, and the
clerks and messenger m Ins office, and for laborer
employed therein, at the rate of four hundred and
eighty dollars per annum, per act fourth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, sixteen thousand,
one hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the Auditor of the Post
Office Department, and tile clerks, messenger, and
assistant messenger in his office,and forlaboieis
employed therein, at the rate of four hundred and
eighty dollars per annum, per act fourth August,
eighteen hundied and fifty-four, one hundred and
sixty-four thousand one hundred and sixty dol-
lars.
For compensation of the Treasurer of the United
States, and the clerks, messenger, and assistant
messenger in his office, and for laborers employed
therein, at the rate ot four hundred and eighty
dollars per annum, per act fuuitii August, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-foui, twenty-five thousand
three hundred dollars. '
For compensation of the Register of the Treas-
ury, and the cleiks, messenger, and assistant
messenger in las office, and for laborers employed
the) em, at the rate of four hundred and eighty
dollars per annum, per act fourLh August, eigh-
teen hundred and liny-four, forty-nine thousand
eight hundred and sixty doliais.
For comix usation of the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, and the clerks and messenger m lus office,
sixteen thousand nine hundred dollars.
I'm! compensation of the Commissioner of Cus-
tom :id the clerks and messenger m his office
r;ji; laborer employed therein, at the rate of
fe mdred and eighty dollars per annum, per
Ca-i. ..til August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, twenty thousand three hundred and twenty
doliais.
For compensation ot the clerks and messenger
of the Light-House Hoard, and for laborer em-
ployed therein, at the rate of tour hundred and
eighty dollars per annum, per act fourth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine thousand
dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Treasury Department,
In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury:
For copying, blank-books, stationery, binding,
sealing ships' registers, translating foreign lan-
guages, adveitismg, and extra clerk-hire tor pre-
paring and collecting information to be laid befoie
Ciyigie.is—said clerks to be employed only during
the session of Congress, or when indispensably
necessary to enable the Department to answer
534x11 Cong., 1st Sess.—2
some call made by either House of Congress at
one session to bo answered at another; and no
such extra clerk shall receive more than three
dollars thirty-three and one third cents per day
for the time actually and necessarily employed—
and for miscellaneous items, thirteen thousand
seven hundred and fifty dollars."
In the office of the First Comptroller:
• For furniture, blank-books, binding, stationery,
public documents, and miscellaneous items, one
thousand eight hundred dollars.
In the office of the Second Comptroller:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, pay for
the National Intelligencer and Uniorf, to be filed
and preserved for the use of the office, office fur-
niture, and miscellaneous items, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
In the office of the First Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, office
furniture, cases for records and official papers,
and miscellaneous items, including subscription
for the Union and National Intelligencer, to be
filed for the use of the office, one thousand eight
hundred dollars.
In the office of the Second Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, office
furniture, and miscellaneous items, including two
of the daily city newspapers, to be filed, bound,
and preserved for the use of the office, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
In the office of the Third Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, office
furniture, carpeting, two newspapers, the Union
and Intelligencer, preserving files and papers,
bounty-land service, miscellaneous items, and
arrearages, three thousand five hundred and forty
dollars.
In the office of the Fourth Auditor:
For stationery, books, binding, labor, and
miscellaneous items, one thousand one hundred
dollars.
In the office of the Fifth Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, office
furniture, carpeting, and miscellaneous expenses,
in which are included two daily newspapers, six
hundred dollars.
In the office^of the Auditor of the Post Office
Department:
For stationery, blank-books, binding and ruling,
ten thousand and fifty dollars.
For miscellaneous items,for file-boards, repairs,
cases and desks for safe-keeping of papers, furni-
ture, lights, washing towels, ice, horse for mes-
senger, telegraphic dispatches, and stoves, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
In the office of the Treasurer:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
In the office of the Register:
For ruling and full-binding books for recording
collectors' quarterly abstracts of commerce and
navigation, and blank abstracts for their use,
blank-books, binding, and stationery, arranging
and binding canceled marine papers, cases for
official papers and records, and miscellaneous
items, seven thousand dollars.
In the office of the Solicitor:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, labor,
and miscellaneous items, and for statutes and re-
ports, two thousand two hundred dollars.
In the office of the Commissioner of Customs:
For blank-books, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, two thousand dollars.
Light-IIouse Board:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, miscel-
laneous expenses, and postage, seven hundred
and fifty dollars.
For the General Purposes of the Southeast Executive
Building.
For the compensation of eight watchmen of the
southeast executive building, four thousand eight
hundred dollars.
For compensation of nine laborers of the south-
east executive building, four thousand three hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
Fuel, lights, repairs, and miscellaneous, eight
thousand live hundred dollars.
For compensation of four watchmen for build-
ing occupied in part by the Attorney General,
and in part by the First Auditor of the Treasury,
two thousand four hundred dollars.
For compensation of two laborers for said build-
ing, nine hundred and sixty dollars.
For rent of said building, fuel, and miscellane-
ous items, six thousand dollars.
Department of the Interior.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and the clerks, messengers, and assistant mes-
sengers in his office, and for laborers employed
therein, at the rate of four hundred and eighty
dollars per annum, per act fourfli August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, thirty thousand three hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and the recorder, draughts-
man, assistant draughtsman, clerks, messengers,
assistant messengers, packers, and watchmen in
his office, and for laborers employed therein, at
the rate of four hundred and eighty dollars per
annum, per act fourth August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four,one hundred and seventy-one thou-
sand two hundred and ten dollars.
For additional clerks in the General Land Of-
fice under the act of third March, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-five, granting bounty lands,
and for laborers employed therein, at the rate of
four hundred and eighty dollars per annum, per
act fourth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, fifty-eight thousand one hundred and sixty
dollars: Provided, That the Secretary of the In-
terior, at his discretion, shall be, and he is hereby,
authorized to use any portion of said-appropria-
tion for piece-work, or by the day, week, month,
or year,-at such rate or rates as he may deem
just and fair.
For compensation of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, and the clerks,messenger, assistant
messenger, and watchmen in his office, and for
laborer employed therein at the rate of four hun-
dred and eighty dollars per annum, per act fourth
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, thirty-
one thousand five hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner ofPen-
1 sions, and the clerks, messenger, and assistant
I messenger in his office, and for laborers employed
| therein, at the rate of four hundred and eighty-
j dollars per annum, per act fourth August, eigh-
I teen hundred and fifty-four, one hundred and
I eighty thousand eight hundred dollars.
For compensation of additional clerks, messen-
ger, and assistant messenger, in the office of the
Commissioner of Pensions, under the act of third
March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five,
granting bounty lands, and for laborers employed
therein, at the rate of four hundred and eighty
dollars per annum, per act fourth August, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, seventy-one thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings and the clerk in his office, three
thousand two hundred dollars.
For stationery, blank-books, plans, drawings,
and other contingent expenses of the office of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
Contingent Expenses—Department of the Interior.
Office Secretary of the Interior:
For books, stationery, furniture, and other
contingencies, and for books and maps for the
; library, four thousand seven hundred dollars.
General Land Office:
For cash system and military patents, under
laws prior to twenty-eighth September, eighteen
I hundred and fifty; patent and other records; tract-
! books and blank-books for this and the district
1 land offices; binding plats and field-notes; sta-
I tionery, furniture, and repairs of same, and «iis-
j cellaneous items, including two of the daily city
' newsrapers, to be filed, bound, and preserved for
the use of the office, thirty-three thousand five
hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For contingent expenses, in addition, under
I swamp-land act of twenty-eighth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty, military bounty acts
of twenty-eighth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty, and twenty-second March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, and act thirty-first August,
