1856.
THE CONGREggl-QNAL GLQjip.
the motion; the Senate may dispose of it as they
choose.
Mr. SL{DELL. I trust the motion will not
be pressed until the morning hour has expired
Mr. WjELLER. I suppose atone o'clock the
special order will come up. I should like to ask
the Chair what is the special order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are
over twenty special orders. The Chair will begin
with them at the top of the Calendar; and it will
be in order then to move to take up any one of
those bills. *
Mr. MALLORY. X withdraw my motion, to
accommodate my friend from Louisiana.
Mr. WELLER. If I succeed in getting the
floor before the Senator from Florida, I shall make
my motion.
naval force on the african coast.
Mr. SEIDELL. Mr. President, yesterday, in
executive session, the injunction of secrecy was
removed from the proceedings on a resolution
which I introduced, in reference to the abrogation
of the eighth article of the treaty with Great
Britain of 1842, providing for the maintenance of
a naval force on thecoastof Africa. I wasinduced
yesterday to make that motion in executive
session, in consequence of some remarks which
were made by the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Foster,] intimating that a feeling prevailed
among certain southern gentlemen to revive the
African slave trade. Almost all business in exec-
utive session, by some means or other, reaches
the ears of the public through the newspapers.
My resolution, and the action of the Committee
on Foieign Relations, recommending its adoption,
offered no exception to this general rule.
My course on that subject has often been mis-
represented. I have been charged with having
introduced a resolution for the purposeof entering
a wedge for the reestablishment of the African
slave trade. With the permission of the Senate,
I will quote a brief report, which was made on
the subject by me on the 13th of June, 1854,
which completely negatives any such intention
on my part, or on that of the Committee on
Foreign Relations:
The Committer on Foreign Relations, to whom was
referred the lesolution submitted by Mr. Slidell, on the
29th ot May, J&54, u that, m the opinion of the Senate, it irf
expedient, and m conformity with the interests and sound
policy of the United States, that the eighth aciicle of the
treaty between this Government and Gteat Britain, of the
9th of August, 1842, should be abiogated; and that, should
the President ot the United States concur in this opinion,
he be reque&ted to signify to the Government of Great
Britain, in conformity with the eleventh article of that
treaty, the wish of tins Government to terminate the said
cightu article," have had the same under consideration,
and now respectfully report:
That by the eighth article of the treaty with Great Britain,
made at Washington, on the 9Ui of August, 1842, commonly
known as the Ashbuiton heaty, "the parties mutually
stipulate that each shall prepuie, equip, and maintain m
service, on the coast of Ahica. a sulhcient and adequate
squadron, or naval foiee, of vessels, of suitable numbeis
and descriptions, to cairy, in ail, not less than eighty guns
to enforce, separately and lespectively, the laws, rights,
and obligations of each ot the two commies lor tiie sup-
pression of the slave trade ; the said tquadrons to be inde-
pendent of each other; but the two Governments stipu-
lating, nevertheless, to give such orders to the ofiiceis
commanding their respective forces a^ shall enable them
most effectually to act in oopoeit and cooperation, upon
mutual consultation, as exigencies may arise, I'oi the attain-
ment of the true object of tlus article; copies of ail such
orders to be communicated by each Government to the
othei respectively."
By the eleventh article of the same treaty it is declared
that the eignth aiucle shall be m foiee for five yeais fiom
the date of exchange of the ratification, and afterwaids
until one or the other paity s>hall signify a wish to termin-
ate it.
The policy of stipulations of this kind, with any foreign
Power, may well b^ questioned on general grounds; but
your committee do not think it necessaiy to enter upon so
large and debatable a field ot discussion, and will confine
themselves to an examination otthe question whether, ad
mittmg the propriety and expediency of the measure at the
time oi its adoption, with the imperfect or erroneous inlorm-
ation then possessed, it he riot proper and expedient now
to abrogate it. It was then supposed that the most efficient
mode of suppressing the slave trade was to employ numer-
ous cruisers on the coast of Africa, and the very caption of
the treaty indicates the results that were expected to be ob-
tained by it. Itis entitled "A tieatyto delne and settle
Hip boundaries between the Territories of the United States
and the po>sespions of her Britannic Majesty m North Amer-
ica; and for the final suppression of the African slave trade,"
&c. It was believed that the best point for the employ-
ment of a naval foi ce for the attainment of an object which
the people and Government of the United States desired
quite sua earnestly as her Britannic Majesty and her sub-
jects, was tiie coast of Aluca. An experience of twelve
year& has demonstrated the fallacy of that opunon.
L&ige fequadions have been kept up during that period,
by the two Powers, at an enormous expense in money,
and with a lamentable loss of life and destruction of the
health of the officers and men employed in that noxious
climate. And what has been the lesultr Let the record
show. The British squadron comprises several steamers,
counting, in all, twenty-seven vessels, carrying about three
hundred guns and three thousand men. The annual
expense of the squadion is £/06,4o4—about $3,500,000.
This xs the expense proper of the squadron. That of aux-
iliary establishments on the coasts, connected with this
service, and which might otherwise be dispensed with, is
estimated at from £000,000 to £500,000. Take the lowest
figure, and you have $1,500,000 to add to the direct cost
of the squadron, making a total annual expenditure of
$5,000,000. in 1845 alone the number of deaths of officers
and men was two hundred and fifty-nine ; of officers and
men invalided, two hundred and seventy-one.
The Unued States have four vessels and eighty guns on
the coast of Africa, being about one eighth of our whole
naval force afloat; and, as the estimated expenditure of the
Navy, after deducting special objects, such a?- transportation
ot the mail in steamships,nnpiovemcnt of navy-jaids, &e.,
is $8,351,171, the annual coh of this squadron may be fairly
caicuiatcd at $800,000, or $10 000 per gun. This, it will be
ohscived, is considciahly less than the cost per gun of the
British squadion, which is about $11,700.
It is a fcubjeet of congratulation, however,*that for the
last four years the moitahtyof our officers and men cm-
ployed on this set-vice, beats a favorable comparison wi*h
that of other stations. This the Navy Department attrib
mps to the extraordinary sanitary measures adopted by the
officers of the squadron.
France, at one time, obliged herself to keep up an equal
force with Great Britain on the coast of Africa, say tw^niy-
six vessels; but finding the engagement too onerous,she
applied to the British Government for a modification of the
treaty, wkich was concedcd, and she now has only twelve
vessels so employed. Then* ate no precise data oil winch
the expendituie of France can be established; but estimat-
ing it by the proportion of vessels employed—say twelve to
twent\-six—it would be about .$1,600,000. The annual joint
expendituie ofEngiand, France, and the United States, thus
appears to be $7,400,000.
Mi. Hutt, the chairman of the select committee of the
House of Commons, appointed to investigate thu question,
stated, on the 19th ot Match, 1850, "that the number of slaves
exported iiomAinca had Mink down, m 1842, the veiy year
of the negotiation of the Ashbuiton trcat\,to very neatly
30 000. It 1843 it rose to 55,000; in 1846 it was 76.000 ; in
1S47 it was 84.000, and was then in a state of unu-ual ac-
tivity." Sir Ghailes Ifbtham, who commanded loi s-everal
yeais on the coa-.t of Afnca, and is one of the most di.snn-
gushed officeis of the British Navy, on his examination bo-
b. :ore the select committee, thus replied to queries pro-
pounded to him:
" Was the force under your command in a lngli state of
discipline, generally speaking?"
" ) thought so."
Weie jour view? carried out by the officers under your
command to your entire satisfaction
" Entirely so."
" What was the result of your operations; did you suc-
ceed m stopping the slave trade?'5
" No."
"Did you cripple it to such an extent as is,in your opin-
ion, calculated to give to the slave trade a permanent
cheek?"
" No."
" Do you consider that the slave trade has been generally
regulated by the strong!h and efficiency of the Bim^h
squadion on the coaa, oi by the commercial demand tor
slave? ?"
" I consider it is entirely dependent upon the commercial
demand for slaves, and has little or no connection with the
squadron "
"You thmk that the present system is open to many
grave objections on other accounts, and that it will not
succeed ?"
''Experience has proven the present system to be
futile."
The total result of the operations of our squadron during
twelve years ha* been the eaptuie offouiteen voxels.
The African slave tiade has, lti-^ believed, been entirely
suppressed in Btazil; and m tins hemisphere, the lemam-
ing colonies ot Fpam—Uuba and I'oito Rico—aie its only
marts. Your comnnttec think that, if the American flag
be still employed in this nefarious tiaffic, now piohibited
by every Chnsti.ui nation, and smrcptitiously toloiated by
Spam alone, the abuse can be more efficiently coirectcd
by the employment of out cruiicis in the vicinity of those
islands.
It would seem to be almost superfluous on the part of
your committee to say that, in lecommending fhe adoption
of the lesolution under consideration, they repudiate tilp
most remote intention of leJaxms. m any degree, the strin-
gency of our legislation on the subject of the African slave
tiade. Its continuance, while it is to .iu.-t!y odious on"
moral grounds, is in every way prejudicial to oiu commer-
cial and agricultural interests.
The abiogation of the eighth article of the A«hburton
treaty does not neosauly imply the puipose of wifhd)aw-
ing our squadron from the coa^t of Aluca A portion of it, I
indeed, must necc^ardy be iclained theie to protect our I
commerce, lis only effect will he to enable fhe Executive j
to employ the forccnow stationed there at any other point ;
where its &eivice may be more useful. We should stiil be
bound, by the eleventh article of the tieatv of Ghent, to u>e,
in the language of that article, a our best emle.ivoi s to pio-
mpte the desirable object of the entue abolition of the c-lave
tiade." And none can doubt that it will continue to be ]
faithfully observed, as it has heretofore been, in letter and !
spirit. |
Your committee recommend the adoption of the resolu- ;
tion. j
As the injunction of secrecy has been removed
from this report and resolution, I move that they
be now printed for the use of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motioiW
will go to the Committed on' Printing-, - ! «
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope there wxii be no ob?*
jection to it. - - .
The PRESIDENT pro$fkmjtore* It requires
unanimous consent. The Chair h^rs no-objec-
tion. -- K ■- *
The motion to print was agreejefto.
AMENDMENTS TO THE RULE§.
Mr. STUART, The-subject of some slight
amend ments to the rules-was referred to a sel^qfc
committee, some time ago, andfea report has'been
made by the committee. As it is a privileged
"question, and will occupy but a few nfanutes, t
hope the Senate will dispose of it at this time.
The amendments reported from the committee
are very few and short, arfd I hope the Sei)$te
will take them up and dispose of them.
The motion was agreed to;and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the report of the select com-
mittee to revise the rules.
Mr. STUART. The amendments of the com-
mittee are offered to the 3d, 6th, 29ths and 31st
rules. The report is printed and on the tables of
members. By having it read at the Secretary's
desk, every Senator will understand what the
amendments are, and wlxat the rules will be as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* Does the Sen-
ator desire to have the vote taken separately or
generally t>n the amendments reported by the
committee? - -
Mr. STUART. It is immaterial t?o me.. Per-
haps it would be as well to consider each sepa-
rately.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be pursued.
The Secretary read the proposed amendments
to the 3d and 6th rules; which arc, to amend the
3d rule by inserting, after the word "place," in
line 2, 'c and shall confinc himself to the question
under debate. Pie shall avoid personality, and
shall not reflect improperly upon any State;" so
that the rule will read:
"3 Evpiy member, when he speak?, shall addiess the
Chair, standing in hi& place, and shall confine himself to
the question under debute. He shall avoid personality,
and shaifnot reflect improperly upon any State; and when
he has finished shall sit down." * ' •*"
And to amend rule 6 by prefixing the following:
"If any membe , in speaking, or otherwise,
transgress the rules of the Senate, the Presiding
Officer shall, or any member may, call to order,
and;" and after the word " down," in the second
lino, insert, '-And shall not proceed without
leave of the Senate;5' so that the rule will read:
uIf any member, in speaking, or otboi wise, transgress
the rules of the Senate, the Presiding Officer shall, or any •
member may, call to older; and when a mem tier thai! tx?
called to order by the Pi cedent, or a Senator, lie shall sit
down, and shall not proceed without Wve of the Senate.
And every question ot' order shall he decided by the Presi-
dent, without debate,, subject to an appeal to the Senate;
and the President may call lor the sense of the Senate on
any question of older."
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to these
amendments, exccpt to the first clause, which I
deem to be entirely unnecessary, and will prob-
ably give rise to more confusion and difficulty
than would occur in iisabsence.#The first clause,
which requires the person speaking to confine
himself to the subject under debate, will give op-
portunities for constant calls to order; but we all
very well know that the Senate will never refuse
to hear a genthmau m any line of remark that
he thinks proper to make on any public subject,
if he is not guilty of any indecorum or impro-
priety of speech. I think the provision useless—
entirely so. ft is a rule which will merely give
opportunities for calls to order and wrangnng,as
to whether or not a gentleman is m order, and is
confining himself to the subject under debate—
one of the most difficult questions on earth to de-
termine. I think we had better leave that out.
Mr. STUART. I will only suggest, in reply
to the honorable Senator, that I understand this
to lie the rule and the parliamentary law now. I
understand the same thing of every amendment
which is proposed by the committee to ourmles.
There has been o difference among genilemen
as to what is the strict law, and as to what is
the duty of the Presiding Officer of the Senate in
enforcing the rules. Every amendment, I believe,
except that which relates to rejecting on a State,
is, in my opinion, the true construction of the
