742
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
ognized limits. It concerns navigation alone, and
can only be used for purposes, as Mr. Monroe
said, " of general, not local—national, not otate
benefit." And, according to Mr. Calhoun, it is
confined to the " commerce among the States, to
the external commerce with each other as States,
&c. And this latter view, respecting the com-
merce of the States, is in conformity with the
opinion of the Supreme Court, pronounced by
Chief Justice Marshall. And as the progress of
truth is always desirable, I was glad to see that, ;
in the recent Opposition political convention at j
Philadelphia, a resolution was passed embodying |
the true constitutional doctrine upon this subject, j
and which declared— ;
" That appropriations by Congress for the improvement
of rivers and harbors of a national character, required for
the accommodation and security of an existing commerce,
are authorized by the Constitution, and justified by the ob-
ligation of Government to protect the lives and property of
its citizens." j
I repeat, sir, and this brief review renders it
more apparent, that the President is unfortunate
in dwelling, in each of his messages, upon a
gigantic scheme of internal improvement, as'
though the power and practice were the question
presented to him, when the subject was ii\ the
form of a very modified application of expendi-
tures for purposes to serve as " aids of naviga-
tion. " Has Congress power, by the Constitution,
to provide these aids ? That is tne question, which
must be met, and satisfactorily answered, before
the power can be exercised. Certainly—as has
been said by the Senators from Virginia and
Georgia—the grant must be an express one, or
an implied one, necessary to the execution of the
former, or Congress must repudiate the authority
to exercise it.
In the consideration of this subject I dismiss
the general-welfare clause, and its kindred pro-
visions of more general import; believing, with
the President, and with Mr. Calhoun, that these
phrases contain no integral grants of power, and
that the objects indicated by them are only to be
attained by means of the specifically enumerated
powers of Congress.
And I dismiss, too, the inquiry into the juris-
diction over public works arising out of the pur-
poses of war, and its corollary, the means of
defense, whether applied to the Army or Navy,
not because I have any doubt as to the authority
- of the Federal Legislature to make all proper and
necessary arrangements for these elements of
national security, byt because the authority is not
questioned, and the present investigation is there-
fore confined to the great purpose of the business
and intercourse of the country, affected by the
removal of obstructions from its harbors and
rivers.
1 repeat, has Congress the constitutional power
to remove them? I believe it has; and, in the
■words of Mr. Calhoun, I believe that " the power
is to be found in the authority" " to regulate
commerce with foreign nations, and among the
several States;" and more especially in that "to
regulate commerce among the States."
And I desire here to say that, while there is
much in Mr. Calhoun's Memphis report with
which I fully concur, and marked, as it is, with
his characteristic clearness and sagacity, yet there
are two points from which I dissent; one is, the j
limitation of the power of Congress, to remove J
obstructions from rivers, to those which run ;
through or by three or more States; and the other I
is a similar limitation of the power to remove ]
harbor obstructions to harbors of refuge. I shall
not discuss these points, contenting myfcelf with
the expression of my dissent.
The first inquiry is into the meaning of the
phrase " power to regulate commerce;" and be- j
fore considering it, it seems proper to- advert to
the phraseology of the Constitution, as connected
with delegated powers. It has been well re-
marked by the Supreme Court of the United States,
hat that great instrument is one of enumeration,
And not of definitions. It must necessarily be so,
and the meaning of the terms it employs must be
found in their received acceptation, as applicable
to the purposes obviouely sought to be obtained.
A rigid construction—that is, a construction rigid-
ly excluding all tendency to loose interpretation,
and to the exercise of powers not fairly applica-
ble, necessary indeed to the specified purposes—
is at once the dictate of wisdom and of safety.
But a construction which, in the language of
Judge Marshall, would " contract every power
within the narrowest ppssible compass, ' and
would limit such power to the narrowest exer-
cise, compatible with the words employed, would
render our frame of Government utterly unfit to
perform its functions—would make it, indeed, a
subject of ridicule, instead of patriotic respect.
Congress, says the Constitution, shall have
power " to establish post offices and post roads."
Upon this apparently circumscribed foundation
has been built up the extensive fabric of the Post
Office Department, with its heavy receipts and
expenditures—its fines, penalties, and punish-
ments—its hosts of employes—and a system of
administration penetrating the Union, and ex-
tending its operations to the uttermost parts of
the earth. The laconic phrase, " Congress shall
have power to declare war,'' conveys to that body
authority to place our country in a hostile atti-
tude towards the other Powers of the earth, but
if the right to act stops with the words, we should
exhibit a strange spectacle of national improvi-
dence and imbecility.. But nobody has had the
i folly thus to restrict the terms of the grant, and
| to cripple—emasculate, indeed, the strength of
the Republic. But the words, though few, are
mighty in their extent and operation. And the
specific powers " to raise and support armies,"
and "to provide and maintain a Navy," have
been exercised, and necessarily so, upon objects
not embraced in the actual language employed,
but indispensable to the attainment of the consti-
tutional purposes in view. And the direction of
the use and employment of these arms of national
strength have been assumed and exercised by
Congress without opposition, though that power
of supervision is not deducible from the bare
words themselves.
It being obvidus, then, that the least possible
modicum of power, consistent with the most
limited construction of the language employed,
would furnish a very erroneous rule for its inter-
pretation, it has been an object with the judicial
tribunals and with commentators to investigate
and determine the true principles of interpretation
in all cases of doubtful phraseology. These in-
quiries now make part of our constitutional his-
tory, and are well worth the careful study of
every man, who desires to become familiar with
the various questions, which, adjusted or open,
are embodied in that history, and which, from
time to time, have divided the country. But,
after all, to borrow the language of one of our
ablest jurists, those constructions are the safest
which have their " origin in common sense;" and,
as the Supreme Court said, the extent of powers
" should be determined by the language of the
instrument which confers them, taken in con-
nection with the purposes for which they were
conferred."
I need not pursue this investigation; but apply*
ing the principles thus developed to the power to
regulate commerce, we shall be better enabled to
ascertain the extent of congressional authority,
which that grant conveys.
If I understand correctly a remark of the Sen-
ator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] he considered
this power to regulate commerce a clear and def-
inite one. But it was not so considered in the
convention, for when this clause was under dis-
cussion, Mr. Madison remarked, " These terms
are vague." And the uncertainty consists, not
! only in the extent of the power to be exercised,
: but in the objects they embrace. And this was
also the opinion of Mr. Calhoun, who observes, in
his Memphis report, that the word " commerce"
here employed is not free from ambiguity, and
that there are few words in the language more
, vague than the words"to regulate,"and certainly
experience has shown that this criticism upon
them is correct. Commerce, strictly speaking, is
traffic, the interchange of commodities. The
| mode of its operation, by the force of the term,
; makes no part of its definition. Navigation is
j transit by water, one of the means—the principal
] one, indeed, of carrying it on. The Constitution
contains no grant of power over navigation in
those words, but it has been generally, I may
say universally, conceded, that this subject is in
our system of government a branch of commerce,
and that the right to regulate the one carries the
right to regulate the other. Such has been the
practical view of the legislative, the executive,
and thefjudicial departments, since the adoption
of the Constitution. Such has been the doctrine
of the Supreme Court, which pronounced that a
power to regulate navigation is as expressly
granted as if that term had been added to the word
"commerce"—as if the general power were to
regulate navigation; and that the "mind can
scarcely conceive a system for regulating com-
merce between nations, which shall exclude all
idea concerning navigation," &c. And this con-
struction has been fortified by the language of the
Constitution in other respects, as Judge Marshall
remarks, by its reference to the exemption of
vessels bound to or from one State from entering,
clearing, or paying duties in another, as well as
toother provisions. And if this were not the true
interpretation of the Constitution, then there is
no point of union for this great branch of national
power and prosperity, nor any common adminis-
tration over it. The control will remain with the
States, and one of the principal objects sought
to be attained by the change of a confederated to
a constitutional Government has failed in the
accomplishment. The Supreme Court has still
further extended the operation of the word " com-
merce," by deciding that it includes inter-
course," the reciprocal intercommunication of
I persons, which takes place between us and the
; other nations of the world; and their decision has
been fortified by the course of our legislation.
Recurring to the question—what is the extent
i of the power to regulate commerce—the first in-
quiry is into the operation of the word "regulate,"
in this connection. Is it confined, agreeably to
its narrowest construction, to a simple power to
' prescribe rules by which a thing shall be done;
or does it reach other objects essential to carry-
ing into effect the purposes of this power over
i commerce? I have already adverted to the well
known fact, that the want of jurisdiction over
this subject of commerce was one of the great
objections to the Articles of Confederation; and
to remedy the evils already existing, and daily
growing more alarming, was one of the most
powerful motives for calling the constitutional
convention. The revolutionary Government was
almost powerless in relation to this matter, and
the States were beginning a war of restrictions
and prohibitions, which would have soon severed
the weak bond of the Union. And with regard
to other nations the subject was equally embar-
rassing, for Congress could not enforce commer-
cial treaties, nor preserve the public faith. All
this, together with the discussions and excite-
ment it produced, makes part of our history
during that dark period, which intervened, be-
tween the recognition of independence and the
commencement of the new Government. It is a
most instructive chapter in the annals of our
national experience, and should be carefully
studied by every one, who seeks to know through
what a perilous crisis we passed before the glo-
rious consummation of that "more perfect U nion,''
and of that security of the " blessings of liberty
to ourselves and to our posterity," which took
the place of doubt, of division, and of political
imbecility.
j | Mr. Calhoun well says, in his remarksupon this
| subject, written with his accustomed force and
'[accuracy, that "the present Constitution was
adopted to remedy the defects of the old Articles of
j Confederation. Among these none were found
| more embarrassing, or having a stronger tendency
to weaken the Union in its foreign relations, or
to alienate the attachment of the States from each
: other, and bring them into collision, than the power
i; they possessed under the Confederation of regu-
, lating commerce," &c. " The embarrassments,
!; distraction, and hazard of collisions, growing out
1 of the power reserved to the States respectively
to regulate their commerce with foreign nations
' and with each other, were so great and alarming
, as to cause the reflecting and patriotic to demand
a speedy and effectual remedy; and contributed,
! more than any other cause, to the calling of the
■ convention which formed the Constitution, as is
' well known. Care was accordingly taken to
apply effectual remedies, as might be expected,
ji by delegating to the newly-formed Government
