1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1479
down his paper, and abandon the effort to main-
tain order in despair. I agree with the gentleman
from South Caiolma that, if we could return to
the good old rule of the Senate, that the Presiding
Officer in every debate, whenever any man here
is out of order, shall call him to order, the deco-
rum of this body would be much better preserved
than it has been for more than twenty-five years
past.
With regard to another matter proposed in this
report, I must confess that I think it is out of !
order, or it ought to be held out of order, for any
man here to attack one of the States in debate. I
think it will be found that gentlemen would rather
tolerate an attack on themselves individually, than
an assault upon the State they represent. I would
rather at any time that a man should make an
attack on me than on the State which has honored
me with a seat here. I should be much more dis-
posed to resent an attack on my State than on
myself. I do not know how I could undertake
to keep myself within the rules of propriety if an
outrageous or insulting attack was made on the
State I represent.
I think, then, it would be an improvement of the
rules to direct that no Senator shall use language
here disrespectful to any of the States of this
Union. I do not believe, if you suffer debate to
run not so far as to attack the States, that you
can keep order; for most of the Senators would
more quickly resent with violence an attack on
their States than on themselves personally.
I am in favor generally of the propositions
made by this committee, but I shall be satisfied
for the present if we can at least revert to the
ancient and the true parliamentary rule by which
the Presiding Officer compels the observance of
order. I would dispense with that part of the report j
pointed out by the gentleman from Louisiana. I |
feel the force of his objection, that it is difficult to
say when a man is confining himself to the sub- j
ject. Very often a gentleman commences an
argument aiming at the very point in issue before
the Senate; and yet he takes such a range, and
commences at such a distance from his conclu-
sion, that, though he may eventually reach it
step by step, you cannot at first see atwhat he is
aiming, or where he will arrive. To call him to
order under such circumstances would be very '
improper. I would rather that part of the pro-
posed change of the rules should be omitted. It
is generally understood by every member, when
he rises in debate here, that he should confine
himself to the subject before the Senate. It is a
matter that I think may very well be left to the
sense of propriety and dignity of every gentle-
man here.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I hope that (
we shall adopt one of these amendments, and
make it the duty of the Chair to call members to
order. I am always willing to trust the Chair.
The Presiding Officer of the Senate, I have no
doubt, will always be disposed to give every mem-
ber of the Senate his rights; and every member
of the Senate will have confidence in the Chair,
and respect for the decisions of the Chair. I
should be willing to speak here under a rule im-
posing upon the Chair the duty to check me if I
depart from the proprieties of this body. Con-
fer the power upon the Presiding Officer to call
members to order—place the responsibility where
it belongs, and that officer will see to it that the
rules arc fairly enforced upon us all without favor
or partiality. I am willing to trust the power
in his hands, and to bow to his decisions with
respect.
But, sir, I am opposed to adopting the rule
here proposed, that we shall not, on this floor,
speak improperly of the States. A rule of that
character is likely to be abused, and it will be
abused. There is not a member of the Senate
who would not rather be assailed himself than
have lus State assailed. I think a member of this
body will not assail a State withoutsome reason.
That matter had better be left to the judgment of
membeis of the Senate. If we arc to adopt a
rule of that nature, perhaps the next rule we shall
have here will be that we shall not speak disre-
spectfully of the Administration of the Federal
Government, or of the pa^t action of the Gov-
ernment. Suppose a State of this Union places
itself in a hostile position to the General Gov-
ernment; suppose we have a revival of the doc- \
trines of nullification, or have any action on the part!
of any State government that deserves the cen-
sure of every American statesman: are we not to
be allowed the privilege, in this body, to reflect
upon the course of that State without being
called to order by the sensitive Senators of that
State ? I think we had better reject this proposed
rule—make it the imperative duty of the Chair
to call members of the Senate to order, and allow
any member to call another to order. That, I
think, will preserve order in debate, and correct
the evils complained of. I am opposed to, and I
cannot vote for, any proposition which I think is
liable to be abused, as I consider such a rule as
this will be. It will not only be abused, but
it will occasion innumerable difficulties in this
body.
Mr. WELLER. I understand the proposed
rule to be, to prohibit a Senator from reflecting
" improperly" on the conduct of a State. If any
State of this Union should refuse to execute the
laws of the United States, or, in other words,
should nullify the acts of Congress, J apprehend
it would be very proper for us in the Senate of
the United States to denounce such conduct with
whatever violence of words we saw proper to
employ. That would be very proper language to
be used in denouncing such acts, and, therefore,
under the rule proposed, would not be prohibited.
Jf the Legislature of Massachusetts were to re-
fuse to execute the fugitive slave law, or any other
enactment of Congress, and I' saw proper to de-
nounce her act as treason against the Govern-
ment, this proposed rule would not certainly pro-
hibit me, because the Senate would decide at
once that it was very proper to use such language
towards a State which would put itself in that
position.
I supposed at first that this was an attempt to
prevent Senators from reflecting on the character
of a State at all; but the insertion of the word
" improperly" satisfies me. I surely never desire
to say anything in the Senate about any State
that is improper, and I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts does not. If he never intends to
abuse a State without provocation, if he never
intends to denounce improperly any of these co'n-
federated States, of course the rule will not apply
to him, and it seems to me that he ought to be in
favor of the proposed rule.
Mr. WILSON. Sir, this word " improperly"
is what I object to. If we are going to cut it off,
do it altogether; but such a discretion as is given
by the word " improperly5' may be abused, and
I believe it will be abused. Adopt this proposed
amendment to our rules, and, my word for it, you
will find it a source of trouble to us all. The
Senator from California tells us that if Massachu-
setts refuses to execute the fugitive slave law, she
is a proper subject of denunciation. Now, there
may be differences of opinion i* regard to the
course of that State. A majority or minority hero
may think differently from tha^ Senator. Some
Senators may think that Massachusetts should
be denounced for her personal liberty law; other
Senators may deem that law constitutional, wise,
and just. How are we to determine whether the
language of Senators in regard to that act of
Massachusetts is " improper" or not?
I think it had better be left to the good sense
of the members of the Senate, how far they shall
go in speaking of the past or present action of a
sovereign State of this Union. I am willing to
leave it to the sense of propriety of each mem-
ber. If a State is assailed, the Senators from
that State will defend its fame or present action. M
If this word "improperly" be introduced here, I ji
venture to say, before the close of the present ses-
sion members will be called to order on this floor,
and we shkll have the question raised here and
discussed, what is an improper" reflection upon
a State ?
If a member of the Senate assails a State un-
justly for its present action, or its past conduct
in the history of this Government, he will suffer
in this body for it. No man can unjustly assail
another member of the Senate, or a State, with-
out being injured more by the assault than the
Senator or the State assailed. That is my opinion.
I am willing that anybody shall assail my State
for its past history or its'prcsent conduct, while
her Senators are left free here to explain or de-
fend it. But, I hope we shall adopt no rule of
this character; for 1 have no doubt that if it be
adopted it will introduce disorder instead of order
here. Leave it to the good sense- of every mem-
ber of the Senate, as to how far he shall go in
reflecting on the action of a State of this Union.
No State has been so unjustly*and persistently
assailed, from the adoption of the Constitution
to the present time, as the State I have the honor
to represent in part on this floor. If any of her
assailants have won honors in these assaults
upon her, I would not rob them of their laurels.
At the present session Massachusetts has been
assailed with impotent malignity, and notice has
been given that lier delegation is to be expelled
from the seats she has assigned them, if any
member in either House wishes to dash himself
upon the Commonwealth of Massachusetts let
him do so.- She wants no rule of this body to
shield her from the assaults of her assailants in
this body or the other..
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, the first objec-
tion made to this amendment is to the first clause,
providing that a member shall confine himself to
the question under debate. No one whom I have
heard speak objects to the propriety of the de-
bater confining himself to the subject-matter under
consideration. Ail experience in legislation has
shown the propriety and necessity of such a rule.
I understand it to be the parliamentary law by
which we are already governed, and yet it is not
definite, fixed, and certain; it is not provided fear
by our rules or by the parliamentary law in such
a manner as to give it practical effect. For this
reason it is proposed to give effect to that which
is recognized by every Senator, as proper in itself
by placing it in our rules.
It is said, however, that Senators will be liable
to be called to order when they are wandering
from the subject, and others do not directly un-
derstand their meaning. Why, sir, the presump-
tion is, that Senators will not intentionally violate
a rule of the body. No one will say that it is
wrong to require conformity to the rule, whether
the departure be intentional or unintentional.
Our experience proves, that Senators will sit by
and listen under all circumstanccs, and interfere
with reluctance. Our experience proves, also, that
the Chair with reluctance interrupts a Senator,
when he is speaking, and jjprticularly when he is
in the heat of debate. He must be guilty of a
palpable violation, before cither the Chair or any
Senator will call him to order. I think that the
confusion which Senators apprehend will not
result from the proposed rule, but that good will
ensue from its adoption.
The next feature of the proposed amendments
which is objected to is the provision that no Sen-
ator shall reflect improperly upon a State. It is
supposed that evil will result from making this a
part of our rules. Surely there is not a Senator
on this floor who will not say that no man here
should improperly reflect on a State of the Union.
All agree that it should not be done. Then, if
the piovision be right in itself, and every Senator
says it is right, whatcvil can result from making
it a rule of the body? The case may never occur;
but we may reasonably suppose that what has
happened heretofore may happen hereafter.
The committee thought it light and proper to
propose a rule by which such things could be
avoided, as all that results from them is evil to
the Senate and to the country, and no good can
grow out of such a course. This amendment is
right and proper in itself; no objections have
been made to its principle; but the supposition
is, that confusion may grow out of it. This is
an objection which I acknowledge I do not com-
prehend.
Mr. CASS. That there is some lamentable
defect, either in our rules or in their exposition,
no man can doubt who has witnessed- the pro-
ceedings, and heard what has been said here.
No man can doubt that there is some defect, and
that the course of things ought to be changed,
which has occasioned humiliation to every man
who loved the honor of the Senate. I have felt
it repeatedly, and I am sure others have. This
defect must be somewhere.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] says, mhis remarks in opposition
to any change of "the rules, that we should leave
this matter to the Senators, and they will regulate
it. Why, sir, expedience shows that they will
not regulate it. We find that they will use ex-
pressions improper in themselves, affecting inju-
riously the feelings of other Senators, and which
