THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED Bl^JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D, C.
^Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1856.
New Series -No. 48.
Mr. ORR. I submit that the question I have
raised must first be decided, because, if it is de-
termined that the gentleman from Tennessee had
no right to make the motion to reconsider, there
is nothing before the House.
The SPEAKER. The question first arises
upon the appeal of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Cobb,] as a precedent question, inasmuch
as, if it be decided that the motion to reconsider
cannot be made at all, it is of little moment on
which side the gentleman from Tennessee voted.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was put; and upon a division
there were—ayes 73, noes 76.
Mr. CRAIGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis of
Massachusetts, and Craige, were appointed.
The question was again put; and the tellers
reported—ayes 02, noes 81.
Mr. LETCHJER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
tion being taken, it was decided in the negative—
yeas 62, nays 92; as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Barclay, Bell, Ilendley S. Ben-
nett, Bliss, Bocoek, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Bur-
nett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Caruthers, Caskie,
Iiowell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craigo, Crawford,
Davidson, Day, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus
Hal!, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Herbert,
Houston, George VV. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McQueen,
Meacham, Smith Miller, Nichols, Orr, Peek, Phelps, Pow-
ell, Quitman, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidgc, Savage, Seward,
Samuel A. Smith, Stewart, Talbott, Warner, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Wells, Winslow, and John V. Wright—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ball, Barbour, Benson, Hilline-
burst, Bradshaw, Broom, Buffinton, Burlmgame, James H.
Campbell, Lewis I). Campbell, Oarlile, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Cox, Cragin, Damrell,
Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Dick, Edwards, Em-
rie, Etheridse, Eustis, Evans, Flagler, Galloway, Biddings,
Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morri-
son Hairis, Haven, Hoffman, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine
B. Horton, Howaid, Kennett, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Lake, Lindley, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Matteson, MeCarty, Moore, Morgan, Mott, Norton,
Parker, Pcaree, Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Prmgle, Pur-
year, Reade, Rieaud. Ritchie, Robbins, Sahin, Sage, Sapp,
Scott, Simmons, William R. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Tap-
pan, Todd, Trafton, Trippe, Underwood, Yalk, Wade,
Walbndge, Waldron, Walker, Israel Washburn, Watson,
Welch, Whitney, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zollicoffer
—92.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon Mr. Cobb's appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Not being absolutely
certain whether I was present and voted upon
seconding the demand for the previous question,
I feci it to be proper to state that had I voted on
that question my vote would not have been with
the majority. Upon reflection, therefore, I doubt
whether I had the right to move to reconsider.
Such being the fact I now withdraw the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I voted with the majority,
and I renew the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the previous question was seconded.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Upon that motion X
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. ORR. I renew the question of order raised
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] that
the gentleman from Massachusetts has no right
to move to reconsider the vote by which the pre-
vious question was seconded—that it is not com-
petent for the House to reconsider that vote.
The SPEAKER. The motion immediately
pending is to adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn. . .
Mr. ORR. I now appeal from the decision of
the Chair deciding that the motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts is in order.
The SPEAKER. The question, then, will be,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as thejudg-
ment of the House ?"
Mr. CARLILE. If the House adjourns now,
will the first question in the morning be upon the
appeal of the gentleman from South Carolina?
48
The SPEAKER. That will be the fij§t busi-
ness in order.
Mr. TRIPPE. Does that bring the whole
subject before the House?
The SPEAKER. It does. The Chair asks
the consent of the House to have read a precedent
touching the question of order now pending before
the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
" A motion was then made to reconsider the demand for
the previous question.
"The yeas and nays on the question to reconsider were
called for; when
"The Speaker decided that, as the yeas and nays could
not be taken in ascertaining whether the previous question
was demanded by a majority of the members present or
not, the yeas and nays could not be taken on the motion to
rcconsider the demand.
The question was then put: 1 Will the House reconsider
the demand for the previous question?'
" And passed in the negative."
Mr. ORR. I now ask that the case immedi-
ately preceding be read; and I desire to know if
the Speaker considers that good authority?
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Clark raised a question: Is it in order to modify a
motion after the previous question has been moved and car-
ried in the affirmative, and the main question (that is, upon
the motion) ordered to be put ?
" The Speaker decided that it was in order.
" From this decision Mr. Clark took an appeal to the
House.
" And the question was put: 'Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House P
"And passed in the affirmative."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide upon
that question when it shall be raised. The ques-
tion now is: "Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the House ?"
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
whether, if the House now adjourns, this will not
come up in the morning as unfinished business ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee to withdraw the motion to
adjourn for a moment, to enable me to have some
executive communications ordered to be printed.
Mr. SMITH. I will withdraw for that pur-
pose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have some communi-
cations from the Departments addressed to the
Committee of Ways and Means, which are im-
portant, and ought to be printed, having reference
to some supposed abuses in the judiciary. I ask
that they may be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House various
communicationsfrom the Executive Departments;
which were disposed of as indicated below:
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a letter from the assistant
treasurer at New Orleans, and recommending that
an appropriation be made for the employment of
an additional clerk in the assistant treasurer's
office at New Orleans, at a salary of §1,500 per
annum. Referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
' A communication from the State Department,
transmitting a letter from Mr. Audubon, and
stating that, inasmuch as valuable works are fre-
quently sent by foreign nations to this, it is de-
sirable that similar works should be furnished in
return, and recommending Mr. Audubon's work
on birds and quadrupeds as a suitable one for that
purpose. Referred to the Committee on the Li-
brary, and ordered to be printed.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. COBB, of Alabama, by
unanimous consent, it was ordered that the papers
relating to the removal of the land office at Leb-
anon, in the State of Alabama, be withdrawn
from the files of the House, and referred to the
Land Office, where said case is now pending.
PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which waa
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a port of
delivery at Bowling Green, Kentucky.
RESOLUTIONS OF NEW JERSEY.
Mr. ROBBINS presented joint resolutions^of
the Legislature of New Jersey, relative to the
protection of lives and property of vessels wrecked
upon the coast of that State; and others, for the
better protection of life and property, and a more
effective working of the Government apparatus
on the same coast, between Sandy Hook and
Cape May; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion by Mr. HAVEN, the
House (at four o'clock) adjourned until to-mor-
row, at twelve m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 27, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel "Waldo, Chaplain to
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ERRONEOUS REFERENCE.
Mr. GEYER. I observe, from the reading of
the Journal this morning, that a petition which I
F resented yesterday was—by a mistake of mine
presume—referred to the wrong committee. It
is the petition of Isaac H. Sturgeon, the assistant
treasurer at St. Louis, Missouri, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims. I now ask
that that committee be discharged from its con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, m compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information in relation to the expenditures
by that Department for printing not executed
under the provisions of the act of August, 1852;
which was, on motion by Mr. Fitzpatkick," re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Collom, announcing that
the Speaker had signed an enrolled bill entitled
" An act relating to punishment in the peniten-
tiary;" which was then signed by the President
pro tempore.
RESOLUTION REFERRED.
The joint resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives (J. R. No. 4) for supplying new mem-
bers of the Senate and House of Representatives
with such books of a public character as have
been heretofore supplied, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Library.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of Jane
Stanbrough, widow of Lemuel Stanbrough, a re-
volutionary soldier, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion under the act of February 3, 1853; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the memorial of Mortimer Livingston,
agent of the Ocean Steam Navigation Company,
for an extension of the existing contract with that
company for the transportation of the mails be-
tween New York and Bremenhaven, and New
York and Havre; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of Mary
F. Henderson, only surviving child of Joseph
Henderson, deceased, praying to be allowed boun-
ty land for the services of her father as a soldier
in the war of 1812; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GEYER presented a memorial of the di-
rectors of the Hannibal and St. Joseph's Railroad
Company, praying for a grant of land and right
of way to aid in the construction of that and other
