1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of (he United States.
southwest executive building, two thousand four
hundred dollars.
F or contingent expenses of said building, viz:
For labor,fuel, lights,and miscellaneousitems,
three thousand eight hundred and sixty-five
dollars.
Post Office Department.
For compensation of the Postmaster General,
three Assistant Postmasters General, and the
clerks, messenger, assistant messeifgers and
watchmen of said Department, and for laborers
employed therein, at the rate of four hundred and
eighty dollars per annum, per act fourth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one hundred and
fifty thousand eight hundred and forty dollars.
Contingent Expenses of said Department.
For blank-hooks, binding, and stationery, fuel
for the General Post Office building, including
the Auditor's office, oil, gas, and candles, day
watchman, and for miscellaneous items, nine
thousand five hundred dollars.
For repairs of General Post Office building, for
office furniture, glazing, painting, white-washing,
and for keeping the fire-places and furnaces m
order, three thousand dollars.
Printing for Executive Departments.
For paper and printing for the executive de-
partments, including the annual statement of
commerce and navigation, and annual estimates
of appropriations, fifty-five thousand dollars.
Mint of the United Slates at Philadelphia.
For salaries of the director, treasurer, assayer,
melter and refiner, chief coiner, and engraver,
assistant assayer, assistant melter and refiner, and
seven clerks,"twenty-seven thousand nine hun-
dred dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, sixty-
four thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expense4?, in-
cluding wastage, in addition to other available
funds, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For specimens of ores and corns to be reserved
at the mint, three hundred dollars.
For transportation of bullion from New York
assay office to the United States mint for coinage,
ten thousand dollars.
For the purchase of new fixtures and machin-
ery, twenty-one thousand dollars.
 fit Jsreio Orleans.
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer, as-
sayer, coiner, melter and refiner, and three clerks,
eighteen thousand three hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen, twenty-six thousand
eight hundred and ninety dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, in-
cluding wastage, in addition to other available
funds, eighteen thousand and ten dollars.
For the increased compensation of clerks in the
branch mint at New Orleans, under the twenty-
tlurd section of the act of third March, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-five, for the year
ending thirtieth June, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
.It Charlotte, Xorth Carolina.
For salaries of superintendent, coiner, assayer,
and clerk, six thousand dollars.
For wages of workmen, three thousand five
hundred dollars.
For incidental and contingentexponscs,includ-
ing wastage, in addition to other available funds,
two thousand one hundred dollars.
*.2t Dahloacga, Georgia.
For salaries of superintendent, coiner, assayer,
and clwk, six thousand dollars.
For wages of workmen, two thousand eight
hundred and eighty dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, includ-
ing wastage, in addition to other available funds,
two thousand dollars.
Jit San Francisco, California.
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer, as-
_sayer, melter and refiner, coiner, and five clerks,
*wenty-ei^ht thousand dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters', one
hundred and seventy thousand and two hundred
dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, in-
cluding wastage, in addition to other available
funds, seventy-three thousand three hundred dol-
lars.
•Assay Office, New York.
For salaries of officers and clerks, nineteen
thousand two hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen, forty-three thousand
dollars.
Government in the Territories.
TERRITORY OF OREGON.'
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and
secretary, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
TERRITORY OF MINNESOTA.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, nine thousand three hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty-six
thousand dollars: Provided, That hereafter said
compensation, mileage, and contingent expenses,
shall not exceed the sums previously appropri-
ated therefor. *
TERRITORY OF NEW MEXICO.
For salaries of Governor, superintendent of In-
dian affairs, three judges, and secretary, twelve
thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
To enable the Governor to employ an inter-
preter or translator, five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
For providing for fire-proof vaults for the secu-
lity of the archives of the Territory of New Mex-
ico, two thousand dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary.
TERRITORY OF UTAH.
Forsalaries ofGovernor, superintendent of In-
dian affairs, three judges and secretary, twelve
thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
i TERRITORY OF WASHINGTON.
( Forsalaries of Governor, superintendent of In-
dian affairs, three judges, and secretary, twelve
] thousand five hundred dollars.
i For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
j thousand five hundred dollars.
) For compensation and mileage of the members
i of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
j contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
! thousand dollars.
j TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
j For salaries ofGovernor, three jlidges, and sec-
i retary, ten thousand five'hundred dollars.
1 For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
| thousand dollars.
I For compensation and mileage of the members
i of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
i contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
! thousand dollars.
j TERRITORY OF KANSAS.
! For salaries of Governor, three judges, and
! secretary,ten thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
Judiciary.
For salaries of the Chief Justice of theSupreme
Court, and eight associate judges, fifty-four thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For salary of the circuit judge of California,
four thousand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of the district judges, one hundred
and one thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.
For salaries of the chief justice of the District
of Columbiajthe associate judges, and the judges
of the criminal court and the orphans* court,
eleven thousand seven hundred dollars.
Office of the Attorney General.
For salaries of the Attorney General, and the
clerks and messenger in his ofeee, eighteen thou-
sand and forty dollars.
For contingent expenses of the office of the
Attorney General, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For legal assistance and other necessary ex-
penditures in the disposal of private land claims
in California, twelve thousand dollars.
For purchase of law and necessary books, and
binding for the office of the Attorney General,
one thoi^nd five hundred dollars.
For the purchase of Mexican and Spanish law-
books for the office of the Attorney General, five
hundred dollars.
For fuel and labor for the office of the Attorney
General, five hundred dollars. *
For office furniture and book-cases for office
of Attorney General, five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of commission for
codifying the laws of the District* of Columbia,
including necessary books, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of the district attorneys,
eleven thousand three hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the marshals, nine thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For salary of the reporter of the decisions of
the Supreme Courts, one thousand three hundred
dollars.
For salaries of two commissioners to codify
laws of the District of Columbia, six thousand
dollars.
Court of Claims.
For salaries of three judges of the Court of
Claims, the solicitor, assistant solicitor, deputy,
clerk and assistant clerks, and messenger thereof,
twenty-seven thousand dollars.
For stationery, fuel, gas, labor, printing, and
miscellaneous items for the Court of Claims, three
thousand dollars.
For fees of witnesses, in behalf of the Govern-
ment, in the Court of Claims, and of agents or
attorneys to be appointed by the solicitor thereof
to attend to the taking of depositions, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Independent Treasury.
For salaries of the Assistant Treasurers of the
United States at New York, Boston, Charleston,
and St. Louis, sixteen thousand five hundred
dollars.
For additional salaries of the Treasurer of the
mint at Philadelphia of one thousand dollars, and
of the Treasurer of the branch mint at New Or-
leans of five hundred dollars, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For salaries of six of the additional clerks,
authorized by the acts of sixth August, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, twelfth August, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight, third Maich, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one, thirty-first August, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-two, and fourth August,
eighteen bundled and fifty-four, six thousand five
hundred dollars.
For salary of additional clerk in office of Assist-
ant Treasurer at Boston, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For salaries of clerks, messengers, and watch-
men in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at New
York, thirteen thousand nine hundred dollars.
For salary of a clerk to the treasurer of the
branch mint at San Francisco, California, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses under the act fot the
safe-keeping, collecting, transfer, and disburse-
ment of the public revenue, of sixth August,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, ten thousand dol-
lars, in addition to premium received on transfer
drafts: Provided, That no part of said sum shall
be expended for clerical services.
For compensation to special agents to examine
the books, accounts, and money on hand of the
several depositaries, under the act of sixth Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and forty-six, five thou-
sand dollars.
For compensation to such persons as may be
designated by the Secretary of the Treasury to
receive and keep the public money, under the fif-
