1480
TftE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
ifecessariiy lead, not only to counter-discussion,
but to counter-action. -
I say, then, we ought to do something. I am
not very conversant with the rules; but if I un-
derstand the changes now proposed, I think they
are very reasonable and proper. They provide
^that members shall not use personality towards
one another; that they shall not reflect improperly
on a State of the Union. As the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi [Mr. Adams] has well said,
we all agree m the abstract proposition that
neither of these things should be done. But the
objection raised by the Senator from Massachu-
setts and others is, that in the construction of
these words a latitude of discretion may be -al-
lowed, and a power may be exercised, which will
prevent free discussion. A similar objection may
be^ made to many propositions; On the same
principle, it may be said, you should not prohibit
obscene and profane language, because men differ
as to where are the boundary lines between proper
and improper language. .Like the last shadows ,
of declining day, you cannot tell exactly where j
the day ends and the night begins. There must [
be a discretion allowed. Language is not so I
fixed that you can always apply every word in j
its actual, literal meaning, so that there shall be '
no-doubt in its construction. j
I am willing to say in the rules what every
member must say in his heart, that a State should
not be improperly assailed, and that personalities
■ should not be used. 1 am willing, under that i
provision, to leave it to the l>resident of this body, j
with ail appeal to the Senate. The power is
safe there; for I again repeat to the Senator from
Massachusetts, experience has shown that the
tribunal to which ho would leave it is an improper
one.
I do not go into the details of these rules. The
one requiring the imperative action of the Presi-
dent of the body has already been very well
commented on. J can understand, and you, sir,
can understand, and so can every Senator, that
there have been words spoken in the Senate which
every member at the time felt in his heart to he
improper, and oug'ht,to have been dipped; and
yet there is a species of reluctance which every
man entertains to stopping a speaker m debate,
and especially when his expressions ai ise out of j
the heat of the moment, though sometimes, in- I
deed, they do not. Now, sir, it is proposed to 1
be made the duty of the President to do that.
This takes from him all personal responsibility.
It requires him, in the discharge of ln.t duty, to
intuirupt a speaker who is using improper lan-
guage. I trust this power will he given. I think
the digtiity of tins body before the public, and
our own self-respect in the preservation of deco-
rum in the transaction of our business, will be
promoted by it.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I think no one
can doubt that the role presented by the amend-
ment is a proper rule in the abstract for the guid-
ance of the members of this body. These'pro-
visions will conduce to the facility of business,
and to the decorum of debate, very much indeed. I
The only danger, in my judgment, is. that they |
may not be enloiced. If every member who lose I
in his place to speak to any subjectconfujed him- i
self to that subject—if lie abstained from person- !
alit.ies and leflections on any State, no one eould ]
doubt that the proceedings of llns body would bo ;
much more satisfactory to iis members, and much j
more conducive to the public interests, than a i
departure from these rules. j
Then, the question is, shall we leave the ob-
servance of these rules of propriety to the dis-
cretion of every member, when lie may have a
particular object to subserve, or may be excited ?
or fshal! we appeal to the impartiality of the
ChcUr, .who, in a proper manner, in a decorous
manner, m a mild manner, may suggest to a ;
member that he isperhapsinfringing oil the rules !
of the senate by his line of remark? 1 venture 1
to say that, in nine cases out of ten, the evils
which maybe suffered in this body would be
arrested by that couise.
I speak ot this rule in connection with another
one, which proposes to makc_it. the duty of the
Chair to call a member to order for improper
words. 1 am altog"iher in favor of this amend-
ment. Tile objection which is made by the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana, I am sure, does
not arise from any personal feeling; for no mem- i
ber of this body confines himself to what is
pertinent to the subject before the Senate, more
closely than that .honorable Senator. Shall we
not all, in speaking to a subject here, address our-
selves to the business before the Senate, and let
that business be disposed of, and forbear remarks
on other subjects, until they are regularly brought
up? I must say, that I fully concur in making
it the duty of the Chair to arrest these irregular-
ities, and giving to every member of the Senate
the power to call another to order if he trans-
gresses it. The very existence of the rule, and
the knowledge that it will be enforced, will silently,
imperceptibly, control very much the course of
members here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason
in the chair.) The question is, as the Chair
understands, on the amendment proposed by the
committee to the 3d rule of the Seriate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The question is, I think,
on my motion to amend, by striking out of the
amendment offered by the committee this first
clause: "And shall confine himself to the ques-
tion under debate." I move to strike that clause
out of the amendment reported by the committee.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion will be on the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana.
Mr. HALE. Before the Senate vote on that
question I think it would ho well to consider one
fact. ^ If I am not mistaken there is a <rreat differ-
ence in the rules of the body from which most of
our rules are derived—the British Parliament—
between the latitude of debate which is allowed
in Committee of the Whole and that which is
allowed when the House are acting as a House.
I have not had occasion to look at that point
lately but I remember hearing if discussed, wl^n
1 was in the House of Representatives, by a gen-
tleman then a member from South Carolina,"Mr.
Ilhf'tt. lie spoke a  reat deal—and I thought
forcibly—of the privilege which our ancestors
enjoyed of discussing fully, freely, and without
those strict limitations which were applied when
mthe House when they were m Committee of the
Whole. I think U will be found, though I have
not looked at any of rlie Manuals, that there is
a wider latitude, a wider imd;v of debate given,
when th<; House of Commons arc m Committee
of tl le Whole than when in session as a House,
That distinction does not prevail in this body;
for, as is familiar to every one here, it is the
practice of_ the Chair to take up a bill, and say
£< The bill is under consideration as in Committee
of the "Whole;" but the rules which govern us
when we arc acting as in Committee of the
Whole, arid as a Senate, are precisely the same,
f do not know whether it is so by th« rules of
the Ilousc of Representatives or not; but practi-
cally J know that it is not so there; practically,
when the Houseware m Committee of the Whole,
there is a latitude of debate given and allowed,
which is not allowed, when they are in session as
a House, The important measures of Congress,
and the important measures of Parliament, un-
dcigo this very wide range of debate m committee
before they come before the House, as a House,
for dccisivr, action.
Mr. WELLER. There is no difference iu the
rules of the House of Representatives, butmerely
in the practice between debate in the House and
ill committee.
ilr. HALE. I said I did not know whether
it was a difference of rule, or a difference of prac-
tice. I think it is a difference of rule in the
Iintish House of Commons, though of that I am
not informed. If it be, I should "not like to see
the liberty of debate infringed upon here. And
when I speak of the liberty of debate, I do not
mean the license of debate, for I will go as far as
anybody to restrict and restrain that. But, sir,
I would say of this liberty of debate, this freedom
of speech, (distinguishing it always from license,)
as was said in olden times, and as every man can
say, with a great price it has been obtained; with .
a very great price it has come down to us through j
the struggles of our ancestors in thousands of
years; it has been baptized in the blood of
martyrs on the scaffold, and conies to us canon-
ized by the blessings of the good and the true,
who have manifested their fidelity to the great
principles of civil liberty in the history of our
country ages and ages back.
Now, sir, while I will be second to no man in
restraining licence and doing what may be done
to keep debate within its legitimate, its constitu-
tional limits of propriety, I am unwilling to do
anything which shall have a tendency to deprive
the representatives of the people or of the States
of the full benefit of this great prerogative of free-
dom. I ask Senators to beware; I ask them to
be cautious; I ask them to be governed by no
prejudices, by no excitement that may have
grown out of recent occurrences; but I caution
them, when they come to this sacred subject,
that they are on holy ground; and I beseech them
to tread carefully before they do anything which
may have the slightest tendency to impair m any
degree this great birthright of an American, citizen
and an American Senator. I donotknow, sir,that
I can be too cautious, when I utter these senti-
ments, in putting in the broadest protest agamsi
any desire to give countenance to any licentious-
ness or license. I certainly have no disposition
to indulge in anything of that sprt myself, nor
do I wish to say or do anything that may coun-
tenance it in others.
But, sir, as I am on"the floor and this subject
is before the Senate, recent occurrences, and the
comments which have been made on them else-
where, it seems to me, demand a word or two as
to freedom of debate.
I know that every gentleman on this floor rep-
resenting any State or any constituency, will
disclaim at once, fully, frankly, and I have no
doubt sincerely, any disposition, any desire,
any purpose, to throw any trammels, or hmder-
ances, or obstructions, in the way of a legiti-
mate and a constitutional freedom of debate. But
whilst 1 say thus much, and say it readily, cheer-
fully, and frankly, I can neither close my eyes
nor my eais to the fact, that sentiments of a dif-
ferent character, and soundmg very differently,
have come to us through other organs than the
organs of debate on this floor; tliat sentiments
have been thrown out in the public press, and
from high sources—from presses which have
stood high in the confidence of a certain portion,
1 may say a majority of the people of the country,
intimating that men holding certain sentiments on
this floor, if they cannot be otherwise restrained,
must be restrained by the hand of violence; and
that freedom or licentuousnessof debate requires
even such a corrective as that.
Peihaps it is unnecessary, it surely is unneces-
sary in this tribunal, and in this place, to say a
single word in reference to any such threats, inti-
mations,or insinuations; but we should remember
that we are not doing or saying what we do or
say in a corner. The things that are said, the
things that are done here, are published in the
press, and fly on lightning wings to every quar-
ter of the land; and what we do here to-day, to-
morrow's sun flashes broadcast over the conti-
nent. The attention of our constituents, and of
the country is directed to this place, to this arena,
to this focus, at the present time.
Under these circumstances, it may be proper—
though in thatl maybe mistaken—for those who
entertain the sentiments which have been thus de-
nounced and thus threatened, (if it be not neces-
sary for the information of those who are here, at
lead it may be for the information of those who
sent us here,) to say a single word in reference
to the new state of things which is thus presented,
I do not wish to speak of the past, because that
is matter of history; but so far as I have met the
obligation and discharged the duties which have
been imposed upon me during the period in which
I have been honored by a seat in either blanch
of Congress, I am perfectly willing to abide the
judgment of those who have been my colleagues,
and to stand and fall by it. When I say this, I
do not make the appeal to those who have sym-
pathized with my political idiosyneracies, for I
have sometimes been here without a single sym-
pathizer; but I will leave it'to those who have
differed widely from me in my views of public
duty. As has been the past, so must be the fu-
ture .
The question whether the proper and the con-
stitutional freedom of debate shall be preserved—
excuse me sir, it is not a question, it is a fixed
fact, it is apart, not of the privileges, but of the
duties of every member of this and of the other
House. Speaking of it, the late Mr. Webster,
in a speech made on the floor of the House of
Representatives, now more than forty years ago,
