744
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Jufy 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
securities to navigation against the invasions of
the ocean." , ...
The language of the President above quoted is
not very definite; nor, indeed, does the subject
admit absolute precision. It is conceded, that
some of the river and harbor improvements are
within the competence of Congress, while it is
contended, that others are not; but we are left
without any explanation of the difference in the
*• nature" and " degree" of those works, which
vest some of them with a constitutional character,
and divest others of any such pretension. The
Chief Magistrate suggests to Congress no Poe-
tical guide for its inquiries in that direction. The
President says, that, in accordance with long-
established legislative usage, Congress may con-
struct certain works. I suppose that" long-estab-
lished legislative usage" is not here assumed as
the foundation of the power, but as a practical
interpretation of the Constitution, entitled to great
weight. That interpretation establishes the prin-
ciple of jurisdiction, and its extent must then be
measured by the nature of the subject, as in all
other cases, where a specified boundary is not
prescribed to the action of Congress. The sug-
gested limitations referred to by the President are
said to be those of constitutionality and expedi-
ency both. As the former, if they exist, render
an inquiry into the latter unnecessary, I shall
confine my observations upon this branch of the
subject to the power, without touching the dis-
cretion of Congress.
'There is a constitutional power, admits the
President, to provide " aids to navigation."
The First Congress and subsequentacquiescence
established the principle by the exercise of the
power.
The President assumes that the extent of this
exercise, and not the extent of the principle itself,
is the test of the power, and that it becomes a
constitutional limitation, which Congress can-
not " overstep," to borrow a phrase from Mr.
Madison.
But this position is erroneous as a constitu-
tional test, and inapplicable as a practical one.
It is not to be denied, that the power to render
navigation " easy and safe" by public works is
established as a constitutional one, both by the
express declaration and by the legislative action
of the First Congress, so far as its cotemporane-
ous opinion can have weight in the decision of
the question. The mode of thus making it " easy
and safe" was not pronounced, but certain pro-
visions for that purpose were enacted, which yet
make part of our system of administration. Now,
if I am fortunate enough to apprehend the views
of the President, he assumes tnis action of the
First Congress, not only as an authoritative ex-
position of the Constitution with respect to the
power, but also with respect to the extent of its
application, and that what was then done may
now be done, and as and because it was done
then. I hold in high estimation the public men
of that day, and review their labors with favor
and respect. And I accord great weight to their
practical interpretations of the Constitution, itself
their work, and the early legislative proceedings,
the commentary upon it, of many of the very-
men who, after laboring for the adoption of the
new government, accepted seats in its first Legis-
lative Assembly to lend their aid to its success-
ful inauguration. But this deference to their
views had its limits, and the great constitutional
standard of measurement is always at hand to
apply to and measure controverted questions,
whether of an earlier or of a later day. And two
of these questions, which long agitated and divid-
ed the country, have been carried by appeal to
our great tribunal,the American people, and the
first decision in their favor reversed. I allude to
a bank and to a protective tariff.
But assuming the weight of this authority in
the establishment of the principle of legislative
power, the assumption that the extent of its
actual exercise at that time becomes forever there-
after the measure of the power itself, cannot be
successfully maintained. And yet to that proposi-
tion we are brought by the President's suggestive
limitations upon the constitutional action of Con-
gress, testing the just extent of that action, not
by the principle involved in it, but by the cases
formerly provided for.
Now, sir, this pretension will not bear a rigid
scrutiny—a very moderate one, indeed. If appli-
cable to this class of congressional powers, it is
equally applicable to all of them, and the pro-
ceedings of the FirstCongress^ill often supersede
the Constitution in the investigation of the extent
of legislative authority.
In the first place, the early operations of the
Government were restricted by its pecuniary em-
barrassments. It had but little to expend, and
that little it expended upon the most pressing
objects. Those less so nad to bide their time,
till time brought relief, and enabled Congress to
extend, not its powers, but its pecuniary arrange-
ments forexercisingthem. Ourlegislative history
is filled with the proofs of this state of things.
We had no Navy nor Navy Department for
years after the commencement of the Government,
and other powers were in the same condition of
abeyance; and to this day th«re are constitutional
powers which have not "been exercised 'by Con-
gress. I am not aware, that we have a single
post road, constructed as such, though certainly
there may be circumstances in which there can
be no doubt of the existence of an authority to
provide for such a means of postal communica-
tion. I believe it is but recently, that buildings
for post offices have been constructed in the States
by the action of Congress; but no one contends
that this delay of legislation restricts the true
exposition of the constitutional provision respect-
ing the establishment of post offices to the selec-
tion of the place, excluding the authority to con-
struct the necessary buildings. And the providing
of court-houses and jails is in the same class of
heretofore dormant powers, which circumstances
are now calling into operation. But the non-
user of these powers has never been urged as a
proof of their non-existence. And though un-
questioned, they are but derivative—as much so
as the right to provide aids to navigation.
In the next place, there has been in practice no
rigid adherence to the four cases enumerated in
the act'of August 7, 1789, and considered by the
merce, conferred by the right to regulate it, and
thus to aid it by rendering it " more easy and
safe." And the removal of an obstruction, in-
stead Uf indicating it, is the exercise of a power
for the same purpose, but much more beneficial
in its operation. For while such indication makes
the navigation more safe, the removal makes it both
" more safe and more easy." The converse of
| the proposition, that the power is not an alterna-
tive one, to be exercised in either mode as Con-
gress may deem expedient, would lead to strange
results. A buoy or a bell may be attached to
every snag in the Mississippi, to warn the navi-
gator of his danger. These snags are trunks of
trees, as Mr. Calhoun describes them, firmly
fixed in the bed of the river, with their points
projecting so as to penetrate the boats, many of
them having the points below the surface. But
while their position may be indicated by buoys,
without regard tq the expense, there are those
who maintain, that not a dollar can be constitu-
tionally expended for their removal, though that
process might be more economical and entirely
effectual by the disappearance of the obstruction;
and among these is the President of the United
States, as shown by the views disclosed in his
second veto message.
And what reason does the President urge for
his acknowledgment of the power to indicate,
and his denial of the power to remove ? It is
clear, that if the difference cannot be maintained,
then the right to remove obstructions is as firmly
established as the right to construct light-houses,
or to provide the other means of safety enumer-
ated in the act of August 7,1789. I repeat, what
) are the considerations presented by the President
! to avoid this conclusion; and which, while they
' would permit the expenditure of a million of dol-
lars for the construction of an American Eddy-
stone light-house, would prevent the application
of a dollar for the purpose of removing a rock
fatal to life, and destructive of treasure to an
; alarming extent?
In the message of January 3, 1855, the Presi-
President as prescribing the limits of the power |i dent, after stating the views of those, who contend
of appropriation for objects of this nature. Since J that the right to indicate, and the right to remove
then, but at successive periods, has the power |i obstacles to navigation are branches of the same
been extended, as I have said, to other objects, to
life-boats, to fog bells, to hospitals, to the support
and return of absent and infirm seamen, to sur-
veys of the ocean and the lakes, to the dispatch
of relief for disabled vessels, and still to other
" aids," having relation to the interests of navi-
gation. All these interpositions have been gen-
erally acquiesced in, and every Chief Magistrate,
including the present one, has, without hesitation,
approved the bills that contained them. Nothing
has been stationary but the principle, and that is
sufficiently comprehensive to include all fair
" aids" to navigation, coming within the purport
of the Constitution, and especially the removal
of obstructions from harbors and navigable rivers,
which interrupt and endanger it.
The President, after disposing of the restrain-
ing effect of cotemporaneous exposition, pro-
ceeds to the further consideration of the general
subject, and to the position taken in favor of the
1 power to remove obstructions on the ground that,
if appropriations may be made for the purpose of
avoiding them, by pointing them out, they may
be made for the purpose of avoiding them by
taking them away; and that which of these modes
Eower, and that the one process or the other may
e adopted at the discretion of Congress, goes on
; to remark, that "The answer to all this is, that
the question of opening speedy and easy commu-
I nications to, and through, all parts of the country,
' is substantially the same, whether done by land
or water," &c., and "that the question of the
1 facilities and aids to be provided to navigation,
by whatsoever means, is out a subdivision of the
great question of the constitutionality and expe-
diency of internal improvements by the General
Government." It will be here seen, that the
President's attention continues to be fixed upon
a system of internal improvements, as though
that magnificent project were not as much dis-
carded as a Bank of the United States; and as
though the matter he is discussing were not the
question of the identity in principle of two classes
of cases, instead of the extent to which a system
of internal improvements would lead us. But
the President goes on to say, that " In confirm-
ation of this," (the proposition, that the question
of aids to navigation constitutes but a subdivision
of the question of internal improvements,) " it is
to be remarked, that one of the most important
of accomplishing the object shall be adopted is a (j acts of appropriation of this class, that of the
mere discretionary question, depending on the jl year 1833, under the Administration of President
expense and other practical considerations. This ! I Jackson, by including together, and providing
was the opinion of Mr. Calhoun, with which I for in one bill, as well river and harbor works
fully concur. It appears to me difficult to resist m as road works, impliedly recognizes that they
the force of his reasoning, when he said: " But it i! are alike branches of the same great subject of
would seem impossible to doubt, that the right to 11 internal improvements."
make them visible, (that is, obstructions to navi- Sir, I am somewhat surprised—a good deal in-
gation,) or to designate their place in order thatj j deed, that the President should draw so important
they may be avoided, involves that of removing a conclusion from premises so unimportant—that
them where practicable; and that the right of
removing them involves that of pointing them
out to be avoided. Whether the one or the other
should be adopted, in either case, is not a ques-
tion of right, but one of expediency, depending
on their respective practicability, cheapness, and
economy." The power to warn, in order to
avoid, is not a specifically granted power. It is
a power deducible from the general congressional
jurisdiction over the navigation branch of com-
he should seek to determine the constitutional
character of a legislative measure by its juxtapo-
sition with other measures upon the statute-book.
I imagine our legislative code has never been so
artificially awanged, that the valid character of
an appropriation may be judged by the company
in which it is found. I have looked over the act
to which the President refers, and it supports,
neither in principle nor in fact, the position as-
sumed. It is entitled " An act making appropri-
