im.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
745
34th Cong....1st Sess.
River end Harbor Improvements—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
ations for carrying on certain works for the im-
provement of "harbors and rivers, and also for
continuing and repairing the Cumberland road,
and certain territorial roads," and was approved
March 3,1833. Its title correctly indicates the
objects. It makes no appropriation for roads,
except in the Territories of Michigan and Florida,
about which, of course, there could be no consti-
tutional question, and for the repair of the Cum-
berland road in Pennsylvania and Virginia, and
its continuation in Ohio, Indiana, ana Illinois.
The undertaking of that road was the result of a
contract between the General Government and the
three last-mentioned States, on their admission
into the Union, and for which they gave afull con-
sideration by the relinquishment of the right to
tax .the public lands for nve years after their sale.
And whatever opinion may be entertained of the
constitutionality of such an arrangement, the
work itself had no connection with a system of in-
ternal improvements, nor wasit supported as con-
stitutional on the same ground. That road was
carried through all the States, where it passed
with their express assent.* And this very bill was
approved by General Jackson, three years after
his Maysvjlle veto message, wherein, if he did.
not deny, he seriously questioned the right of
Congress to construct roads in the several States,
_and recommended a resort to the people for the
"necessary power, should that system be pursued.
And the act furnishes decisive proof of the little
weight to be attached to the mere association of
various objects in the same statute, in determining
their constitutional character. It contains an ap-
propriation for the payment of a balance due for
running the western boundary of the State of
Missouri. A work within the jurisdiction of
Congress, not because it had any connection with
the removal of obstructions to navigation, but
because it concerned the public land, the western
boundary Of that State constituting one of the
meridian lines bounding the surveys, and whence
they were to be numbered. The implied recog-
nition, therefore, by the association of these
works, relied on by the President, gives way be-
" fore the examination of the circumstances, and
thus fails, as I have said, both in fact and in prin-
ciple.
The President then proceeds in his investiga-
tion; and a careful consideration and analysis of
it enables me to say, that his principal objection
seems to me to be the difficulty of finding a fixed
rule, by which to decide " what of the infinite
variety of"possible river and harbor improvements
are within the scope of the power delegated by
the Constitution,"&c. An objection, as I have
already shown, equally applicable in principle to
other constitutional powers of expenditure, but
which would be in vain urged as a bar to their
exercise, and which cannot be maintained as a
test of the right to provide " aids " for naviga-
tion. 1 shall not resume the discussion of that
point, feeling that I have already sufficiently occu-
pied the time of the Senate in its consideration.
There is no doubt, that this class of expendi-
tures is one liable to extension; indeed, to unne-
cessary extension. It is a trying power in its
exercise, and beset with many temptations. Still,
a fair examination of the Constitution, and a
rigid adherence to its principles and purposes,
will take from the jurisdiction of Congress by far
the largest portion of those works, from whose
construction the greatest danger is to be appre-
hended. I think the views of Mr. Calhoun, pre-
sented in the following paragraph, are well taken,
and carry with them a just exposition of the
Constitution:
«•" It has been stated that commerce, in legal and consti-
tutional language, includes transit or navigation, as well as
trade, it may well be questioned, whether it was not in-
leaded by the Constitution, as far as it relates to commerce
among the States, to restrict it entirely to the letter—that
is, transit by vessels on water. Certain it is, that the pro-
visions connected with it, and having reference to it, would
indicate that it was so intended; and it may be added, that
the legislation of Congress, in carrying the power into effect,
so far as your committee is informed, is confined to the
regulation of transit by water, to the exclusion of that by
and."
And to these considerations it may be added,
that the power to improve the mode of transit,
assumed by the almost authoritative statute upon
thia subject, that of August 7,1787, not less au- I
thoritative by its date than by the position of'
| those who passed it, is confined to transit by
I water, or in other words to navigation.
And in confirmation of this restrictive position,
! it is to be remarked, that the navigable water
| communications of commerce, under the name of
navigation, makes an essential part of that great
branch of public enterprise, ana falls within the
congressional power to regulate it and to " aid"
it. But no one contends for that character, for
the roads upon which traffic may be carried on;
nor would any one venture to apply as a test of
it, the remark of Judge Marshall, that the mind
cannot conceive a system forregulating commerce
which shall exclude navigation. And the inti-
macy, or rather the identity of these two subjects
of human employment, is shown by the exercise
. of congressional jurisdiction, extending over all
! streams, which can be navigated by vessels of
Tten tons burden or more. " For certain pur-
Eoses," Mr. Webster says, " they are controlled
y the United States, ana offenses in vessels em-
ployed upon them are tried in the Federal courts."
Their use, he says, is navigation. And Judge
1 Story lays it down, that State authority cannot
I authorize obstructions in navigable streams,which
| would interfere with any regulation made by
Congress. And it is this general relation to the
XJnited States, applied to the principle laid down,
which confers the authorityupon Congress so to
regulate navigation, as to remove from these chan-
nels the impediments to its operation. Relations
which do not extend to roads and canals, and do
not justify their construction or improvement by
the Federal Legislature.
Excluding, then, agreeably to these views, and
in conformity with the constitutional doubts of
General Jackson, and the direct constitutional
objections of Mr. Madison, in his veto of the
bifl setting apart- funds for the construction of
roads and canals—excluding from the constitu-
tional jurisdiction of Congress the power to con-
struct roads and canals, with or without the assent
of the States within which it is proposed they
should be made—the sphere of tne operation of
this power of improvement becomes circum-
! scribed within much more safe and reasonable
limits. It will be confined to the removal of river
and harbor obstructions, with a view to the benefit
of navigation. And the .constitutional checks
imposed upon this restricted power essentially
diminish its liability to abuse. Being a branch
of the commerce-regulating power, its operation
must be restrained to waters necessary to the
use of commerce not " internal"—using the
words of the Supreme Court—and " which is
carried on between man and man in a State, or
between ports of the same State," and " which
does not extend to, or affect, other States;" but
that commerce which "concerns more States
than one."_ And it is to works of this kind, re-
lating to this commerce, subject to congressional
regulation, that the designation "national" has
been given, to distinguish them from local works,
neither calling for nor admitting congressional
intervention.
The President enters into an examination of
the question of the extent of the maritime juris-
diction of the United States, and his review of
the subject is an able and just one. But I do not
distinctly perceive what bearing this question or
the commentary has upon the power to appro-
priate money for the removal of river and harbor
! obstructions. It is introduced in connection with
his remarks upon the difficulty of finding any
" fixed rule by which to decide what of the infinite
variety of possible river and harbor improvements
are within the scope of the power delegated by
the Constitu tion." The President evidently seeks
what, in the very nature of things cannot be found
—that is, a palpable barrier in the exercise of the
power of appropriation, either in this case, or in
a vast variety of other cases within the constitu-
tional jurisdiction of Congress. The remarks of
Chief Justice Marshall, in delivering the decision
of the Supreme Court in the case of Gibbons and
Ogden, are worthy of peculiar, attention in the
present inquiry.
"This power," that to regulate commerce,
says the Chief Justice, " like all others vested in
Congress, is complete in itself, may be exercised
to its utmost extent, and acknowledges no limita-
tions other than are prescribed by the Constitu-1
tion. These are expressed in plain terms, and
do not affect the questions which arise in this
case, or which have been discussed at the bar—
if, as has been always understood, the sovereignty
of Congress, though limited to specific objects,
is plenary. As to those objects, the power over
commerce with foreign nations, and among the
several States, is vested in Congress as abso-
lutely as it would be in a single Government,
having in its constitution the same restrictions
on the exercise of the power, as are found in the
Constitution of the United States. The wisdom
and the discretion of Congress, their identity
with the people, and the influence which their
constituents possess at elections, are, in this, as
in many other instances—as that, for example,
of declaring war, (and to which may be added
the expenditures for carrying it on,) the sole
restraints on which they nave relied to secure
them from its abuse. They are the restraints on
which the people must often rely solely in all
republican Governments."
The power of Congress, then, comprehends
navigation within the limits of every State in the
Union; so far as that navigation may be in any
manner connected with " commerce, with foreign
nations, or among the several States, or with the
Indian tribes."
j I repeat, sir, that the specific purpose of the
1 President in his comments upon this maritime
jurisdiction question does not occur to me. It is
a question, which does not touch the power of
aiding navigation by the removal of obstructions,
except to confine its operations within narrower
limits, including in it only those waters over
which that jurisdiction extends, and which I think
is the true construction. But this point is not
presented by the President, though he almost
touches it, when " relieving from reproach" the
rule prescribed by General Jackson for his own
conduct, that of not sanctioning bills for the im-
provement of navigable rivers " below the ports
of entry or delivery established by law."
But, though the discussion of this subject of
( maritime jurisdiction furnishes the President with
, no aid in the solution of the difficulties attending
the general question, yet, in one point of view,
it is useful in illustration of his position respect-
ing the defect of a fixedconstitutional boundary.
Here is a very important question of jurisdiction,
Whose boundary is not only left undetermined by
the Constitution, but which is destitute of any
established principles for its regulation. Its ex-
tent is purely discretionary with Congress. That
body provided at an early day that this jurisdic-
tion should penetrate " all waters navigable from
the sea by vessels of ten or more tons burden."
Subsequently it was extended to the lakes and
their waters, where it still remains. It will be
seen, that this limit of jurisdiction is not only an
uncertain one, but it is also a fluctuating one—
uncertain, for the draft of a boat depends much
upon its form, and the extent of navigation upon
the state of the water; and fluctuating, because
the standard of ten tons burden of to-day may
be reduced by congressional action to one ton
to-morrt>w, and the powers of the various depart-
ments of the Government will be extended in
proportion to the change of the measure applied
to it. But the President says, and truly, that
though the constitutionality of these statutory
provisions has been called in question, yet it
" has been maintained by repeated decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
they are, therefore, the law-of the land, by the
concurrent act of the legislative, executive, and
the judicial departments of' the Goverement."
So much for the unconstitutionality of a power,
because it has no fixed boundary.
The notion, for it deserves no better appella-
tion, that no waters but those that are salt, and
where the tide ebbs and flows, were within the
jurisdiction of Congress for the purposes of com-
nqyce, or of navigation and improvement, has
long since been exploded, and a far more just
criterion, arising out of their situation and cir-
cumstances, has taken the place of the presence
or absence of saline properties.
It is not to be denied, that a tendency to lavish
appropriations for these objects, even circum-
scribed as we may now consider the sphere of
their selection, imposes, in the words of the Pre i-
