1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
755
■week, and in accordance with the ideas which
seemed to prevail generally in the Senate Cham-
ber, I have thought it my duty to oppose this
proposition. In my individual judgment, it is
precisely one of those things (although a small
matter) which, as I supposed, we pretty generally
came to the conclusion should not be printed at the
public expense. The only question is, whether
an exception is to be made with reference to a
document that costs $100, which would not be
made if it cost $1,000, or any larger sum. My
judgment is, that if we intend to begin reform on
the subject of printing, of which we have talked
so much, we may as well begin with the first
proposition which is presented, whatever may be
the expense. I have no individual feeling in
regard to the matter; and if there is a single Sen-
ator who desires particularly that these extra
copies should be printed, I should be happy to
gratify him, so far as my vote is concerned; but,
as I said before, I have deemed it a matter of
duty to state to the Senate my views in relation
to this proposition. What disposition the Senate
shall make of it is of no consequence to me.
Mr. RUSK. I think if we wish to make a
reform, we had better wait until we can strike a
larger fish than this. As there is some doubt as
to what will be the expense of including in the
report the diagram of the battle, which will explain
one or two of those letters, I move to recommit
the resolution to the Committee on Printing, in
order to ascertain that fact.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. 1 hope that my friend
from Texas will not embarrass this resolution with
that motion. The diagram to which he alludes
has already been ordered to be printed by the
Government. If it should be reprinted with this
report, it will considerably increase the cost of
the document. I am among the last Senators on
this floor who would disturb the settled conclu-
sion at which we seem to have arrived, in regard
to our printing expenses; but I fear that we are
going to have economy with a vengeance if we
proceed in this way. I recollect that before this
subject was referred to 'the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, there was a discussion in regard to
it in the Senate, and 'it occupied considerable
attention. It relates to an unsettled question.
The report refers to one of the most thrilling in-
cidents connected with the history of the war
with Mexico. Not only many of the officers
throughout the country, but the people at large
feel an interest in knowing who is entitled to
share the honor which lias been contested.
If the expense of this printing were great, I
should oppose this proposition; for I am one of
the last gentlemen on the floor of the Senate who
would increase our expenses in the appropriation
of money; but I do not think $124 85 will affect
the Treasury to any great extent.
I am sorry to differ from my honorable friend
from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden.] I think this is
a document which will be read with interest
throughout the country. We have on record in
this report, in an authentic shape, the testimony
of gentlemen who were eye-witnesses of the trans-
action, establishing and vindicating the truth of
history more completely and thoroughly than has
ever been done, in connection with the gallant
deeds of our officers on that occasion. It is due
to them to spread the documents before the coun-
try, so that the world at large may judge, and
so that no future Congress may be disturbed with
controversies in reference to the gallant deeds of
our Army in Mexico. I hope my friend from
Texas will not insist on having the diagram
printed with the report, but will allow the reso-
lution to pass us it is.
Mr. RUSK. It struck me, on reading the
report, that the diagram was necessary in order
to understand it.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Perhaps it would give
more accurate information; butithas beenalieady
printed, and we are all anxious to avoid the ex-
penditure of money. The types are yet standing
from which copies of the report have already
been printed, and they are ready to be used for
striking off the additional copies . I hope that my
friend from Texas will not insist on having the
diagram included in it, but let us act on the reso-
lution as it is.
Mr. RUSK. I withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on agree-
ing to the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WELLER. The report which we propose
to print, is a pamphlet of but twenty-six pages.
The officers of the Army, of course, feel a great
interest and solicitude in regard to this report, as
it details the operations immediately preceding the
entry of our Army into the city of Mexico, on the
13th of September, 1847. The officers who were
concerned have made their detailed statements
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and we have
thought that it was no-more than an act of justice
to all the parties concerned that there should be
a sufficient number printed, so that they may be
sent to their friends.
I have had various applications already from
officers of the Army for this report. They have
felt a grea* deal of solicitude on this matter.
There has been much controversy amongst them
in regard to the operations immediately preceding
the entry of our Army into the city of Mexico.
We have attempted, in this report, to determine
that question; and we think we have determined
it satisfactorily. We ask simply that this num-
ber may be printed to enable the parties whose
statements have been made, and the officers who
feel a great solicitude in the matter, to be put in
possession of the facts.
Mr. CASS. I wish to ask the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs whether
there is anything in this case taking it away from
ordinary cases of disputed facts ? Was there ever
a battle, either during the Revolution, the war of
1812, or the Mexican war, where there were not
disputes as to the merits of the officers, and what
this man and the other did ? Now is there any
reason why we should publish, at the expense of
the Government, a statement containing the facts
of this case more than in a thousand others? If
there is, 1 should like to hear it.
Mr. WELLER. I do not know but that it
would be proper in all cases where there have
been disputes among officers as to the character
of certain operations during a great enggfcment,
to have the facts investigated and publisBid. In
the very cases spoken of by the Senator from
Michigan, I should feel disposed to investigate
them by a proper committee, and havo the facts
spread abroad to the public. I do not know that
there is anything in this case to make it an ex-
ception to the rule laid down by the Senator; but
I think this is an important question so far as
the reputation of certain officers is concerned;
and it is no more than right that each one of
them should have a full share of the credit of the
gallantry displayed by our Army at the city of
Mexico. We have undertaken to present the
facts iii this report, and to settle some questions
incidentally raised in the Senate, and which have
been much talked of outside of the Senate.
Mr. CASS. I think it a much more proper
subject for the historian than for the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. The historian generally looks
to the official reports of the officers, and he makes
up his history of the Mexican war from those re-
ports. If he were to go to the reports made by
commanding officers in the Mexican war, I un-
dertake to say he would fall far short of getting
the truth. I have seen enough of history not to
repose confidence in its statements, especially in
regard to war operations. I could refer now to
histories of the Mexican war, and pointthe atten-
tion of the Senate to some of the most palpable
falsehoods which ever found a place in any his-
tory. ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has not the usual num-
ber of copies of this document been already
printed ?
Mr. WELLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. ADAMS. The character of a distinguished
citizen of the State which I have the honor mpart
to represent, is interested in this report. 1 would,
therefore, vote for printing extra numbers in this
case as readily as 1 would vote for any proposi-
tion of that kind which has been made during the
present Congress, and indeed much more readily
and with more pleasure. But, sir, as the usual
number has been printed, and as that number
furnishes the necessary information for those who
are interested, and as, I think, an extra number
will be of no substantial benefit to the parties
concerned, I cannot depart from a rule which I
have prescribed for my own conduct, and vote for
V
this proposition, in conscquence of a colleague in
the other House [Mr. Q.oitman] being interested,
when I would vote against it ir it interested the
colleagues or constituents of other Senators.
I am somewhat surprised to hear other Sena-
tors talk about what has passed in the course of
debate this week, as though it was expected'to be
acted upon. [Laughter.] Talk about economy,
and expect to carry it out practically! I have not
dreamed of such a thing. It will not be thought
of a week hence. As I voted against all the other
propositions for extra printing, I shall vote
against this.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Dodge, Evans, Fitzpatrick,
Houston, Jones of Iowa, Rusk, Seward, Toucey, and
Weller—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell
of Tennessee, Biggs, Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Clayton,
Collamer, Duikee, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer,
Hamlin, Harlan, Hunter, Iveraon, Pugh, Reid, Sebastian,
Slidell, Stuart, Sumner, Trumbull, and Wade—27.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
JURISDICTION OP THE SUPREME COURT.
Mr. PUGH submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Retained, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing for the
allowance of writs of error from the Supreme Court to the
inferior courts of the United States in criminal eases.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, it will be re-
membered by the Senate that, some time ago, ray
colleague [Mr. Toombs] submitted a resolution
in relation to the action of the naval board. I
then presented a resolution myself, which I de-
signed as a substitute for his. The proposition
which I introduced was to raise a select commit-
tee for the purpose of enabling them to make
an examination of the members of the board, to
ascertain the grounds and reasons on which the
various officers were disrated or dropped, and to
take other testimony by way of exculpation,
with a view to determine whether the board had
acted fairly and properly or not, and to correct
any evil which may have grown out of its action,
if, indeed, any has been attendant upon it.
Since that time, the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs have introduced a resolution proposing to
confer on that committee the power to send for
persons and papers, with a view to institute this
examination themselves. The whole question is
in this position- at the present time. _ I think it
very important that some disposition should be
made of these various propositions. If the Senate
intends to institute an investigation at all, it should
, be done at an early day; otherwise it may run into
the recess, and possibly be turned overto the
next session of Congre^. I do not design to
bring th^t subject forward to-day, because it
would interfere with the special order for one
o'clock, upon which the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] is entitled to the floor. I by no
means desire to interfere with his rights or with ,
the pleasure which his remarks to-day are ex- ,
pected to give to the very brilliant auditory in the i
gallery, now assembled to hear him.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator that the condition of my throat and lungs is
such that I shall be unable to speak to-day; and
I shall therefore have to ask for a delay.
Mr. IVERSON. I am not disposed to press
the subject to which I have alluded to-day. All
I ask is, that it may be taken up and postponed to,
and made the special order for, a subsequent day.
I would suggest Monday; and I do so for the
reason that this is a subjcct on which every Sen-
ator seems to entertain a deep feeling and inter-
est. Other Senators desire to address the Senate
on the subject as well as myself. I am notified
by the honorable Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Slidell,] that he desires to address the Senate
upon it; the Senator from Delaware has already
given notice of his desire to address the Senate;
and other Senators doubtless will wish to take
part in the discussion. I do not purpose to press
it to-day, because it would be springing the sub-
icct on the consideration of the Seno-to unox-
nectedlv. I move, therefore, to take up the three
resolutions to which I have referred, and make
them the special order for Monday next, if it
will not interfere with any other order already
adopted.
