■"#
1836.
CONG
r<5N-A-L GIuOM.
when he thought there was an attempt then to
abridge this great right of freedom of debate,
paid, " it is a home-bred right, and afire-side priv-
ilege, belonging to the citizen as of right. It be-"
longs to the public man as a duty." I repeat,
it belongs to him as a duty, sir. It ceases to be
a mere privilege;it ceases to be a mere right;and
it becomes his imperative duty—acting under
the obligations of that common Constitution by
which we all sit here, and by that oath with
which he has registered before Heaven |iis fidel-
ity to the duties which that Constitution imposes
upon him—to exercise to its fullest limits this
great prerogative of the Senate and of the House
of Representatives, and of representative'govern-
ment everywhere.
I have but a word or two more to say, and I
would be gladly saved from saying that; but re-
cent events which have"transpired here, it is well
known, have occasioned great excitement to the
public mind, con^ned to no particular section;
and they have excited inquiries and queries some-
thing like this: Is there any danger, do you think,
to any representative from a free State, in exer-
cising in the fullest extent his constitutional right
of debate? To this I have unhesitatingly an-
swered, Wot the least in the world. I think I
never made, I am not a man who is in the habit
of making, pledges to my constituents, or any-
body else, 111 regard to the manner in which I
shall discharge my public duties; but upon recent
occasions, when these questions have been pre-
sented, and the agitations of the public mind have
presented them, I have simply and solely made
this pledge—and it is the only one, I think, I ever
did make, or ever shail make, as at present ad-
vised, in regard to the discharge of my duty as a
member of this or the other House—I will en-
deavor to discharge my duty with a strict and a
sensitive regard not only to the rights but to the
feelings of every other gentleman upon the floor,
and the constituency which he represents; but,
while I do that, I claim, and I must exercise,
while I stay here, the right of discharging, ac-
cording to my convictions of duty, this great
privilege of free debate and discussion on this
floor. The pledge which I have made my con-
stituents is, that whenever, while I hold a seat
on this floor, I say a single word more, or utter
a single syllable loss, or take one step more or
less, from any unmanly fear of any consequences,
that day shall see my seat vacant here, and lib-
erty given to the little State which I represent,
to be represented on this floor by one in whose
veins there is no coward's blood.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, my prop-
osition was simply to strike out from the amend-
ment offered by the committee on the rules the
phrase, "and shall confine himself to the question
under debate"—not that I had any desire myself
at any time, in addressing the Senate upon any
subject, to launch out into general declamation on
matters foreign to that under consideration, but
from an experience of the difficulty which all must
feel in putting into enforcement or execution such
a rule as this. The honorable Senator who has
just taken his seat, as I understand, considers
"himself to have been discussing that amendment;
and yet very many gentlemen around us might
possibly, with this rule in force, deem themselves
entitled to call him to order as discussing a ques-
tion not before us. I myself consider that there
was relation, and somewhat close relation, between
his remarks and the question before us. I con-
sider his speech a legitimate one 011 the question
before us; but other gentlemen arouud me differ
in opinion, and some said to me justnow, " Here
is an exemplification of the very difficulty you
suggested when you moved to strike out this
clau'se."
Mr. President, all experience teaches us, that
in attempting reforms the great difficulty is that
we endeavor to go too far; and with all respect
to the honorable chairman of the committee who
has reported these rules, I think that in this par-
ticular respect the committee has gone too far.
"We have had no trouble here during the time I
have been a member of this body—I do not re-
member a single instance where the Senate has
had the slightest difficulty in conducting its delib-
erations—from the fact that any gentleman was
going out of the subject under discussion. The
difficulty we have experienced—the one which
gave rise to the proposition for an amendment of
the rules, was, that gentlemen, in discussing tb6
subject under consideration, made use of personal
reflections, indecorous and unparliamentary lan-
guage—language calculated to inflame the pas-
sions and excite difficulties between members on
the floor.-
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart]
moved an amendment of the rules on that sub-
ject, and to that extent I coincide with him. Let
us confine oui selves to the difficulties that occur,
as they arise. We have no difficulty, I repeat—we
have had no difficulty in the Senate from any gen-
tleman going out of the range of the subject under
discussion. That has never given rise to any
trouble, nor been the occasion of any call to order.
Ptecently, however, an honorable Senator, not
now in his seat, made a most unprovoked, and
what was, in my judgment, a most reprehensible
assault xipon a State of this Confederacy. The
natural consequences ensued—the consequences
which he seemed to me to desire whilst he was
making the assault—a personal attack on himself.
I say not this at the present time, either in repre-
hension of that Senator, or in extenuation or jus-
tification of his assailant; I simply state the fact
as connected with the necessity for this rule.
Th#conduct of that Senator, followed by the
conduct of the person who assaulted him, gave-
rise to a proposition, on the part of tho Senator
from Michigan, for an amendment of our rules,
by which what had previously, under the par-
liamentary law, been clearly improper, should be
distinctly and expressly declared to be so in our
rules; that is. that an improper reflection on any
State of the Confederacy should be considered
out of order, and that it should be the duty of the
Presiding Officer of this body to call to order a
Senator thus offending. I am willing to go with
him to that extent; that is all I am willing to do
now. If we hereafter suffer any difficulty—any
inconvenience from the fact that gentlemen, for
instance, upon the Kansas bill, discuss the judi-
ciary question, or, on the question of internal
improvements, discuss the tariff—if we have any
difficulty from gentlemen going so much out of
the line of debate into subjects alien to that under
consideration, it will be time enough then to
.change the rules in that respect. Thus far there
has been no difficulty from that cause, and there-
fore, I say, let our rules alone, so far as that is
concerned.
But I am willing—not only willingbut anxious
—to back the Senator from Michigan in the dec-
laration of the sense of the Senate that it is a gross
breach of parliamentary propriety, requiring rep-
rimand, invoking imperatively the interference of
the Presiding Officer of this body, whenever any
Senator shall presume, as a representative of one
State of this Confederacy, grossly to assault and
vituperate another equal State.
One word as to the question of freedom of de-
bate, touched upon by the Senator from New
Hampshii-e. Why, Mr. President, to hear gen-
tlemen in this age, in this country, and in this
body, rising for deliberate eulogiums and vindica-
tions of the freedom of speech and of debate 
Mr. HALE. The Senator will allow me to
put him right. I said distinctly that I did not
suppose a word of that sort was necessary for
anybody here—that 1 did not suppose there was
the slightest danger m the wor]d here; but that
things which had been said in other places, in
the press, had given to the people at a distance
from here apprehensions which had occasioned
inquiry. It was in answer to that suggestion,
and not for the purpose of giving the slightest
information to anybody here, that I felt called
upon to make the remarks I did. The Senator
will do me that justice certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator undoubtedly
did say that, but he also thought proper to win'd
up lus remarks with an assertion of his resolute
determination, under all circumstances, to say
what he thought on subjects under discussion;
and declared that upon the day when, if ever, he
could be derelict to a duty so imperative in his
estimation on an American Senator, he would
abandon his seat to some son of New Hampshire
whose conduct should be governed by some other
motive than unworthy fear. All this sounds very
much, notwithstanding the disclaimer of the hon-
orable Senator, as if he supposed there were, with
some persons or with some party, some intention
or some inclination or desire to limit the freedom
| of discussion of'any sort of New Hampshire rep-
j resenting her on this floor. J
1 The Senator, at the same time that he says this,
j declares his willingness to lay d'own, as broadly#*
! and clearly asany man can desire, the proposition,
that freedotfi of debate is not to degenerate into
license or licentiousness of debate, and that under
freedom of debate he does not claim license. Well,
sir, that distinction is as old as freedom of debate
itself is. In this country no man ever pretended.
that freedom of debate meant licentiousness of
speech, and no man ever pretended to prevent
licentiousness of speech by limiting freedom of
debate. All that has ever been said or done by
any one was this: That inasmuch as it was im-
possible in advance to define the line where free-
dom of debate ended, and licentiousnessof speech
began, each man must determine' that fine for
himself, and upon this responsibility—that; if he
crossed the line, he should suffer the consequences.
This is all that anybody ever said. The gen-
tleman was therefore right when he stated to his
constituency in New England that there was not
the remotest chance of any Senator, either from
New England, or from any other part of the
country, ever being-restrained here, in the slight-
est degree, from full, free, untrammeled speech
upon all subjects under consideration, provided
always, as he states, that he does not cross the
line of freedom of discussion, and enter into the
domain of vituperation and licentiousness of
speech. When he does that, he abandon^-the'
privilege which the Constitution has tftjSflfcn
around him, and puts himself upon an equality
with the individual, or those who represent the
States, that he thinks proper to insult. I think
the gentleman will agree with me that it would
be un worthy of a Senator from New Hampshire,
representing that gallant State, if he saw proper
to enter this domain of licentiousness of speech,
to ask to be protected from the personal conse-
quences of that licentiousness by appealing to his
right of freedom of debate.
But, sir, I am out of the subject, I believe for
the first time in my life, for the mere purpose of
showing the Senator from Connecticut [Mrc...
ToccevJ that I do not deswve his compliment? -?%
I still think that the first clause erf the propose#-'
amendment to the rules is unnecessary—that it
will do no good—and being useless, it ought not
to be adopted.
Mr. WELLER. When I gave way for this
discussion, it was with the understanding that it
should not occupy more than half an hour of the
attention of the Senate. A whole hour has been
consumed, and I see no probability of the debate
terminating.
Mr. SEWARD. We had better close it now.
It will occupy more time hereafter. 1 think we
can close it in a few minutes now.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to know, be-
fore J yield the floor, how long the Senator from
New York proposes discussing this question?
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator him-
self shall time me. Let him state his time, and
stop me at the expiration of it.
Mr. WELLER. I will agree to give the Sen-
ator from New York ten minutes.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well, sir, that is twice
as much as the Senator from New York asks
from the moment when he begins; and I hope I
sliall be able to be equally liberal to the Senator
from California, by giving him double^what he
may want 011 some future occasion.
Mr. President, in my early days, I used to be
a member of debating societies, and all I recol-
lect of them is, that one half of their time was
generally spent in amending the constitution, and
the other half in making new rules. Since I came
into the Senate of the United States, I have hod
a great many occasions to remember that early
practical experience. Now, in determining what
I shall do on this occasion, I have not been with-
out perplexity. I take counsel of my feelings
rather than my judgment, and conclude to stand
1 bv the two venerable Senators 011 my right hand-
! [Messrs. Crittenden and Clayton] who have
! advanced this simple proposition, as that which
; will be satisfactory and sufficient for the present
i emergency; that is, to authorize the Chair, who-
* ever may be the occupant of it, in any debate, to
1 call a Senator to order for any violation of par-
liamentary rules. I mean to. go to this extent,
i and to go no farther, because I think that i 
