1856. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2?3
34th Cong....1st Se'ss.
Laws of the United States.
transient paupers, medical and surgical patients
in Washington infirmary, three thousand dollars.
For purchase of manure for the public grounds,
one thousand dollars.
For Jure of carts on the public grounds,^ne
thousand dollars.
For purchase and repair of tools used in the
public grounds, five hundred.dollars.
For purchase of trees, and tree-boxes, to replace
where necessary such as have been planted by the
United States, and the repair of pavements in
front of the publicgrounds,five thousand dollars.
For furnishing and ornamenting the Capitol
with such works of art as may be ordered and
approved by the Joint Committee on the Library,
to be placed in either wing of the extension when
ready for their reception, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For enlarging and shelving the law-library
room, and a new carpet and other furniture for
the same, four hundred dollars.
For annual repairs of the Capitol, water-closets,
public stables; water-pipes, pavements and other
walks within the Capitol square, broken glass,
and locks, eight thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of the President's house and
furniture, improvement of grounds, purchasing
trees and plants for garden, and making hot-beds
therein, and contingent expenses incident thereto,
six thousand dollars.
For fuel in pait for the President's house, one
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For lighting the President's house, and Capi-
tol, the public grounds around them, and around
the executive offices, Pennsylvania avenue, and
East Capitol street, to Second street, twenty-
seven thousand dollars.
For grading, graveling, and completing the
culvert across Tiber creek, on Indiana avenue,
six thousand dollars.
For the paymeut of laborers employed in shov-
eling snow from the walks to and around the
Capitol, the President's house, and other public
buildings, five hundred dollars.
For purchase of books for library at the Ex-
ecutive mansion, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States, two
hundred and fifty dollars.
For repairs of the Potomac, Navy-Yard, and
upper bridges, eleven thousand dollars.
And with a view to the construction of a new
and substantial bridge across the Potomac, the
Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby,
authorized to cause drawings and estimates for
the construction of an iron suspension bridge;
and also for a stone-arch bridge, to be prepared
and submitted to Congiess at its next session;
and with a further view of enabling Congress to
select the most eligible site for said bridge, the
Secretary aforesaid is instructed to cause draw-
ings and estimates to be prepared for a bridge
at or near the site of the present Potomac bridge,
another at or near a place known as the Three
Sisters,'' and another at such intermediate point
as may be deemed most eligible.
For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, three
thousand dollars.
For filling up ravine in Judiciary square, three
thousand dollars.
For the purchase of one dozen settees for La-
fayette square, one hundred and seventy-five
dollars.
For repairs of water-pipes, five hundred dol-
lars.
For repairing: heating apparatus, raising, re-
pairing passages,painting, reghizmgand extend-
ing; seed-room and green-house, according to plan,
six thousand dollars, to be expended under the
direction of the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
For public reservation number two, and La-
fayette Square, three thousand dollars.
Fot rebuilding Franklm-engine house, includ-
ing the purchase of a suitable lot, &e., &c., five
thousand dollars.
For taking care of the grounds south of the
President's House, continuing the impiovements
of the same, and keeping them in order, three
thousand dollars.
That the Secretary of the Interior bo, and he is
hereby, authorized and required to cause a suita-
ble site for a new jail to be selected at or near the
penitentiary, in the city of Washington, and that
he cause to be prepared drawings and specifica-
tions for said jail to be submitted to Congress on
or before the tenth day of December next, together
with estimates of the cost of building said jail.
For the collection of agricultural statistics, in-
vestigations for promoting agriculture and rural
economy, and tli^ procurement and distribution
of cuttings and seeds, seventy-five thousand dol-
lars, to be expended under the direction of the
Commissioner of Patents: Provided, Tfiat the
Commissioner shall report to Congress the vari-
ous kinds, and amounts of seeds purchased, and
to be purchased under this appropriation, from
whom, and where obtained, and the cost of the
same.
Towards the erection of the north front of the
Patent Office building, for the accommodation of
the Department of the Interior, two hundred
thousand dollars.
To complete the bridge across the Potomac at
Little Falls, agreeably to the plan already adopted,
seventy-five thousand dollars.
To meet necessary expenses attendantupon the
execution of the neutrality act of the twelfth
April, one thousand eight hundred and eighteen,
ten thousand dollars, to be expended under the
direction of the President, pursuant to the third
section of the act of Congress of the first May,
one thousandeight hundred and ten, entitled "An
act fixing the compensation of public ministers
and consuls residing on the coast of Barbary, and
for other purposes."
To enable the President of the United States to
carry into effect the act of Congress of the third
March, one thousand eight hundred and nineteen,
and any subsequent acts now in force for the
suppression of the slave trade, eight thousand
dollars.
To enable the Secretary of State to purchase
one hundred copies, each, of Audubon's " Birds
of America," and {< Quadrupeds of North Amer-
ica," for presentation to foreign Governments, in
return for valuable works sent to them by the
Government of the United States, sixteen thou-
sand dollars.
For filling up the dock between Central and
Long wharves in Boston, the widening of the
street on the east front of the custom-house, and
the extension and maintenance of the drams, fif-
teen thousand dollars.
For arrearages on account of legislative ex-
penses of the Territory of Minnesota, being for
pi inting, binding, and miscellaneous items for the
sessions of eighteen hundred and fifty-one, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-two, eighteen hundred and
fifty-three, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, and eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, twenty-two thousand one hundred
and twenty-two dollars and four cents.
For the construction of a powder magazine for
the naval service at Mare Island, California, the
sum of one bundled and nineteen thousand three
hundred dollars.
For the continuation of extra clerk hire in the
office of Indian Affairs authoiized by an act
making appropriations for the support of the
Army, approved August fifth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, and the act making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, approved March third, eigh- !
teen hundred and fifty-five, seven thousand dol-
lars.
For additional compensation and mileage of
Senators for the present Congress, one hundred
and seventv-eiffht thousand one hundred and
twenty-eight dollars.
For additional compensation and mileage of
members of the House of Representatives and
Delegates from Territories for the present Con- j
gress,seven hundred and seventy-three thousand !
four hundred and thirty-two dollars: and tuenable |
the Clei k of the House of Representatives to pay .
the additional compensation to its employes and 1
others authorized by the resolution of the House j
of Representatives of August fifteenth, eighteen [
hundred and fifty-six, a sum sufficient for that ;
purpose is hereby appropriated out of any money !
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and ;
is hereby added to the contingent fund of the j
House of Representatives. j
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the Sec- j
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, i
: authorized to cause to be sold at public auction
' the revenue cutter :f Ingraham," now stationed at
|| Detroit, and the "Harrison," now stationed at
|[ Oswego, and, in lieu thereof, to cause to be built
;  six cutters for the prot&tion of the revenue on
, the lakes, of the burden of about fifty tons - each;
; and that the sum of forty-five thousand dollars
; be, and the same is hereby, appropriated for said
,i purpose out of any money in the Treasury not
jj otherwise appropriated, in addition to the pro-
j ceeds of the sale above authorized.
j Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That not
! more than two competent officers (one of whom
| to be a captain or first lieutenant, at the discretion
j of said Secretary) shall be allowed to each of said
| six cutters.
| Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in addi-
, tion to those now allowed bylaw, the Postmaster
! General shall be authorized to employ four clerks
- of class one; and the sum of four thousand eight
: hundred dollars is hereby appropriated, out of
j any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
i pnated, to pay such increased compensation and
i the clerks thus authorized, including arrears now
1 due to temporary clerks to the thirtieth of June,
; eighteen hundred and fifty-seven.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
| retary of the Treasury be authorized to purchase
for. the United States the three stores at the
i Atlantic dock, at the port of New York, now
held by the United States under a lease for a
J term of years; and the sum of one hundred thou-
;j sand dollars, or so much thereof as may be
j required for the purpose, is hereby appropriated,
I out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
] appropriated: Provided, That the title to said
] stores, and the grounds thereunto belonging,
shall be made to the United States in such man-
ner as shall be satisfactory to the President.
Sf.c. 6. And be it further enacted, That the com-
missioner under the treaty with Great Britain, of
June fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, shall
be allowed the sum of four dollars per diem for
subsistence, the same to be paid out of the appro-
priation made on the first of August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, " for the prosecution of the
work, including pay of commissioner, and all
| other expenses provided in the first article of the
! reciprocity treaty with Great Britain."
j Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That in the
| settlement of the accounts of registers and re-
ceivers of the public land offices, the Secretary of
the Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized to
allow, subject to the approval of Congress, such
reasonable compensation for additional clerical
services and extraordinary expenses incident to
said offices as hc~shall think just and proper, and
report to Congress all such cases of allowance at
each succeeding session, with estimates of the
sum or sums required to pay the same.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of War is hereby authorized and directed
to pay to the holders of the war bonds of the
State of California the amount of money appro-
priated by act of Congress, approved May fifth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-foui," in payment of
expenses incurred and now actually paid by the
State of California for the suppression of Indian
hostilities within the said State prior to the first
day of January, anno Domini eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, under the following restrictions
and regulations: Before any bonds shall be re-
deemed by the Secretary of War, they.shall be
presented to the board of commissioners ap-
pointed by the Legislature of said State by an
act approved April nineteenth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, and the amount due and payable
upon each bond be indorsed thereon by said com-
missioners. Upon presentation to the Secretary
of War of any bond.or bonds thus indorsed, it
shall be his duty to diaw his warrant m favor of
the holder or holders thereof for the amount cer-
tified to be due upon the same by the said com-
missioners upon the Secretary of the Treasury,
who is hereby directed to pay the sanid: Pro-
vided, That said amounts in the aggregate shall
not exceed the amount of money appropriated by
act of Congress approved August fifth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, said bonds, after redemp-
tion, and after taking off the coupons that may
remain unpaid, shall be delivered to the Secretary
of War to be canceled.
