1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
This date, therefore, may be assumed as that of the exhaus-
tion of the fund. The appropriations for invalid privateer
pensions were continued until August 17, 1850, by the act
of which date ,f3,000 were granted for their payment to the
30th of June, 1851, inclusive. No provision has been made
for the widows subsequent to that given by the act of 1834."
" The dates of the commencement of privateer pensions,
whether of invalids or widows, were not defined, but regu-
lated, as in the case of navy pensions, according to the
completion of the proof, the decease of the husband, and
upon renwal by the termination of former pensions.
" It cannot, therefore, except m general terms, be stated
when the widow's pensions ceased; but, as the act of June
19, 1834, renewed them for five years, they, may be assumed
to have ceased at the end of the fiscsU^year, 30th June,
1839." w
"Whether the extension of these pensions to
widows of privateersme% creates the ecraitable
consideration on which the Senator from Louisi-
ana rests, will be for the Senate to determine.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say a word in
corroboration of what the Senator from Louisi-
ana has stated. I think the provision which he
has offered should be incorporated into the law
precisely in the terms in which he has presented
it. I recollect very well the time, when two years
since the Committee on Finance proposed to
strike out a clause in the bill of that year, which
proposed to make an appropriation for this class
of pensions; and I remember distinctly that the
information which was elicited from the Depart-
ment, came out on my call—I believe the com-
mittee wrote for it, but it was at the instance of
an investigation which 1 had made.
Now, sir, what the Senator from Louisiana has
stated is true, and the letter of the Commissioner
of Pensions, which I hold in my hand, shows
that it is true. The Senator from Virginia has
read a clause from this letter to show that the
fund was exhausted in 1844; but the same letter,
taken altogether, corroborates all the statements
which have been made by the Senator from
Louisiana. By the act of 1814, it was provided
that two per ccnt. of every prize taken by priya-
teersmen should constitute a fund, out of which
should be paid a pension to those who were
wounded in that service. The fund paid all that
class of pensioners and actually left a balance; but
by the act of 1818 Congress, after having made a
contract by the law of 1814, placed another class
of pensions on that fund, and thus exhausted it.
Having by a provision of law taken from this
fund money which you had stipulated should be
used to pay these persons, you now make an an-
nual appropriation every year; but is it better to
take the amendment of the Senator from Louisi-
ana, because it makes a permanent law what
ought to be permanently done, and will prevent
this question arising every year.
Mr. STUART. I wish to make an inquiry of
the Senator from Maine, if he can answer it.
What is the present condition of the pension fund
provided for by the act of 1818, for the widows
of those who were killed or died in this scrvice.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is no fund for that
cl&ss of eases.
Mr. STUART. But what is the present con-
dition of the pensioners? Are they drawing their
pensions or not?
Mr. HAMLIN. They are not; but this amend-
ment is to give pensions to all those entitled out
of the fund, as well as those not entitled to be
paid out of this fund, but who are paid from the
Treasury.
Mr. STUART. This subject, as the Senator
from Virginia says, 
Mr. SEWARD. I believe I must call for the
special order.
Mr. HUNTER. I promised to allow this sub-
ject to go over if it gave rise to debate; but the
Senator from Michigan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STUART. I have no disposition to delay
the vote.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator from Michi-
gan permit me to make a statement?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. SLIDELL. This provision does not ap-
ply to widows. It simply applies to that class
who were entitled to pensions from the original
fund.
Mr. STUART. So I understood; but I wae
about to make a statement, and then to yield the
floor to the Senator from New York, if he wishes
it.
Mr. SEWARD. If there be no further de-
bate, I will not make my motion.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we are ready to vote.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well.
Mr. STUART. I wish to state, in two min-
utes, my objection to this amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator can
go on.
Mr. STUART. I do not wish to be tedious,
but I wish to state my objection to this amend-
ment. I will yield the floor to the Senator from
New York, if he wishes to make his motion.
Mr. SEWARD. My honorable friend from
Iowa will, I expect, detain the Senate for two
hours, and I think we ought to take up the sub-
ject on which he proposes to speak.
Mr. HUNTER. If this bill shall occupy more
than ten minutes longer, I will yield.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well.
Mr. STUART I shall not take two minutes.
This amendmentis claimed under a contract, said
to have been made by the Government with these
persons, that it would pay a certain amount out
of this fund, in the shape of invalid pensions. In
the first place, I do not think it is fair to charac-
terize that as a contract. It is simply a law of
Congress declaring that a certain thing should be
done. In the next place, it seems to me very-
clear that the widows of those who were killed,
or who died in the privateer service, were better
entitled to a pension than the invalid survivors,
if there is to be a question raised between the two.
The complaint is that Congress has committed a
great wrong in bringing into the list of pension-
ers, to be paid out of this fund, the widows of
those who were killed, or who died in the service.
That is the reason upon which this amendment
is based.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from Michigan
is in error; and I hope he will permit me to cor-
rect him.
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. SLIDELL. This pension fund was pro-
vided for the payment of pensions to certain pri-
vateersmen, and to the widows of those who were
killed in the service. That was the original ap-
plication of the fund, and that is the ol^jpt which
it is now intended to continue. Thcniml has
been used for the payment of pensions to the
widows of those who died from casualties—an-
other class of cases altogether different from the
original beneficiaries of the fund. In consequence
of this, it is now necessary to appropriate money
to pay the pensions of those for whom the fund
was originally provided, and for which it would
be sufficient if it had not been squandered and
appropriated for a different purpose than was in-
tended by the original law. My object is to pay
the pensions of those properly entitled to the fund,
and none others.
I will state further, that the creation of the fund
was not an act of bounty on the part of the Gov-
ernment. The two per cent, reserved was taken
out of the prize money to which the crews of
privateersmen were entitled; under any other
system they would have been entitled to one half.
The two per ccnt. was applied to the special pur-
pose of creating a fund for paying these pensions
out of their own money. The Government of
the United States undertook to administer the
fund. It is a trust fund, quite as sacred as any
trust of any character could be. I can imagine
nothing more so.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President 
Mr. CLAYTON. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to interrupt him for one moment?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. CLAYTON. The special order for to-
day was postponed under the idea that there was
to be no debate on this bill. I perceive that a
young member, recently come into the Senate, is
prepared to address the body on the special or-
der. I think, as one of the older members, that
I have a right to ask that this bill be informally
passed over, in order that that gentleman may
have an opportunity to speak, as he is prepared
to go on, upon the special order of the day.
Mr. HUNTER. It was agreed that we should
have ten minutes for this bill, and but five min-
utes of that time have expired. _
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not think it right to
keep the gentleman in this position.
Mr. STUART. So far as I am concerned, .
will allow the vote to be taken now.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have no objection if the
vote bs now taken.
The PRESIDENT. The question is oh agree-
ing to the amendments of the Senator from Louis-
na.
Mr. HUNTER. Let the question be taken
separately.
Mr. SLIDELL. I understand that thfc chair-
man of the Committee on Finance makes no ob-
jection to the first amendment; > ? ■
The amendments were agreed to. The bill
was reported to the Senate as amended, and the
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole
were concurred in. The amendments were .or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read the
time; and it was read the third time and passed.
COLONEL WILLIAM LINN.
Mr. EVANS. Before the Senate proceeds to
the consideration of the order of the day, I ask
that the bill which has been returned from the
Xlouse of Representatives for the relief of the
distributees of Colonel William Linn be taken
up.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS. The House of Representa-
tives made certain amendments, which have been
submitted to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, and, by the direction of that committee,
I move that the amendments be concurred in.
The amendments of the House are to insert
the words,
upon giving satisfactory security to the said accounting
officers 5"
So that the bill will read:
The money to be paid to Mrs. jElizabeth A. R. Linn,
upon giving satisfactory security to the said accounting
officers, to be by her distributed according to the laws of
the State of Missouri."
And to add at the end of the bill the following:
" Provided, That the sum hereby directed to be paid shall
be in full of all claims of the descendants or representatives
of said Colonel William Linn, under any laws of the United
States now or heretofore in force."
The amendments were concurred in.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 172)
to authorize the people of the Territory of Kansas
to form a constitution and State government pre-
paratory to their admission into the Union, when
they have the requisite population.
Mr. FOOT. It is understood that my colleague
has the floor on this bill; but he has already in-
timated to the Senate his inability to proceed to-
day. It is proposed, I understand, that the Sen-
ator from Iowa shall proceed with the discussion
of the bill at this time; to which there will be no
objection, X presume, provided it be understood
by common consent that my colleague does not
lose bis privilege in this debate, as the minority
of the Committee on Territories, and the author
of the minority report. It would hardly be right
to postpone him to a general discussion of the
bill. It is understood that he does not lose his
precedence in the debate ?
Several Senators. Of course not,
Mr. FOOT. With that understanding I will
interpose no objection.
Mr. HARLAN spoke for two hours in relation
to the affairs of Kansas, and the power of Con-
gress over the Territories. His speech will be
published in the Appendix.
Mr. BUTLER. I was not present during the
greater portion of the remarks of the Senator
from Iowa, but I am told that he has referred to
something which I said; and, therefore, as I do
not presume that he wished to misrepresent me,
I desire him to state what he said in regard to
myself.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I do not wish
to be misunderstood myself, nor have I any desire
to misrepresent any gentleman on this floor, much
less a gentleman of the ability and position, as a
member of this body, which the Senator from
South Carolina holds. I understood him, in the
remarks which he delivered some time since to
the Senate on this question, to say that, if the
States of the Union eould not enjoy equality in
the territorial legislation of this Government, he
would advise the people of liis State, South Car-
olina, to go out of the Union. He said, on that
point, he wished his words to be understood, for
they were measured.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire the Senator to read
my remarks, and then probably he will be able
/
