1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1480
own judgment. I will conclude by saying, that
any mle or no rule, so far as regards the deco-
rum of debate, will answer my purpose.
Mr. WELLER. I feel compelled to move the
postponement of the further consideration of this
subject until to-morrow. It has engaged our at-
tention for an hour and a half already.
Mr. TOUCEY and others. Let us vote.
Mr^WELLER. The Senate is not disposed
to take a vote, in my judgment. 1 see ali the in-
dications of that. 1 insist on my motion to post-
pone the farther consideration of this subject
until to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 16, noes 17.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think my honorable
friend from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] must have
seen pretty well that the Senate do not desire to
make any change in their rules, but simply to
declare it as their opinion that the Presiding Offi-
cer of this body is possessed of power to enforce
the rules of the Senate by the parliamentary law.
I think the gentleman must have discovered that
a majority of the Senate is opposed to all these
amendments. I simply rise to ask him if he is
of that opinion, and will withdraw all the rest he
has proposed, which, he says, is but a repetition
of rules already existing ? If he will do this, we
can have the question disposed of at once. I hope
he will do it.
Mr. STUART. I will say to the honorable
Senator from Kentucky that I am not authorized
to do that as one of the committee. The com-
mittee consists of three members—the honorable
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams,] the chair-
man, the honorable Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Foot,] and myself. I suppose, however, that a
vote will decide the question; it may be decided
in that way in five minutes.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The experience which
we have had does not lead me to that conclusion.
Is there any motion which I ran make, which will
dispose of this question, and not be debatable?
If I make a motion for the indefinite postpone-
ment of this subject, will that prevent debate?
[" No!" " No!'']
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can move to lay the whole subject on the table.
That is not a debatable motion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then I move to lay it
on the table; but I would be glad to say indefi-
nitely. I am willing to give power to the Chair
to enforce the observance of order. If he has not
that function, he may as well not be there. I
make the motion to lay this question on the table.
Mr. BRIG-HT, (Mr. Mason in the chair.)
Will the Senator from Kentucky be good enough
to withdraw his motion for a moment, to enable
me to make a few remarks ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly, sir.
Mr. BRIGHT. It was my intention to say a
few words when the Senate should come to the
consideration of the second amendment proposed
to the rules, and of which the Senator from Ken-
tucky has spoken; but in consequence of the
motion which he has submitted, I feel it to be my
duty to say what I have to say now, and then
leave the Senate to make such disposition as they
may deem proper of the entire subject. I under-
stood tiie honorable Senator from Delaware this
morning, m discussing this proposition, to state
it as his opinion, tliatlt was the duty, and clearly
within the power, of the Presiding Officer,under
the existing rules of the Senate, to call a Senator
to order, and that such had been the practice of
the body.
Mr. CLAYTON. I said that, twenty-eight
years ago, before Mr. Calhoun btfeame the Pre-
siding Officer of the Senate, it was always under-
stood to be the duty of the'Chair to call a mem-
ber to order for improper words spoken m debate,
bwt that he construed the rule otherwise: that he
held it to be the duty of a member to take down
the words which were considered by him disoi-
deily, and call the offending member to order;
submit the words to the Chair; and not till then
did he consider it became the duty of the Chair
to interfere. This has been the usage of the
body, I admit, ever since his day; but I think
that if any mini will look at the fith rule of the
Senate, and the parliamentary law, he will see
that theie was a departure from that law, and
from the rules of the body, m the decision which
WtW made on that occasion. No new course has
been adopted by the honorable gentlemah who
now presides over the Senate. It has been the
practice ever since I have been in the body.
What I desire is, that we shall pass some resolu-
tion, so construing the rules we already have as
to make it the duty of the President, or any mem-
ber of the Senate, to call a Senator to order for
improper language.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have searched in vain for a
precedent anterior to the time referred to by the
Senator from Delaware, and there is not to be
found a case where the Vice President, or Pre-
siding Officer of the Senate, exercised the author-
ity now claimed for him. The question was
raised on the occasion referred to by the honor-
able Senator from Delaware—m the case of Mr.
Randolph. Mr. Calhoun, then Vice President,
held, on full argument on the point, that he had
no such power; at least that it was not his duty
to exercise the power of calling to order for the
use of improper or unparliamentary language,
but that this duty belonged to Senators. The pre-
cedent established under the decision of this able
and distinguished statesman, Mr. Calhoun, has
remained in force,andhasbeenobservedbyevery
Presiding Officer from that time to the present.
It is true, that one of the late Vice Presidents of
the United States, (Mr. Fillmore,) anticipating
that the occasion might arise when it would be-
come important to know the extent of authority
conferred upon him under the 6th rule of the
Senate, and with a view of obtaining an expres-
sion of opinion from the body over which he
was presiding, prepared and read to the Senate a
paper embodying his own conclusions as to his
power and duty under the rule I have referred
to. I therefore think there are Senators present
now who recollect the argument; and as it was
directed to be spread upon the Journals, doubt-
less most of the Senators have read it. I think
the honorable Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Butler] has the book now before him. If I
misstate any of the points contained in it, I hope
he will correct me.
Notwithstanding Mr. Fillmore, as will be
seen by reference to his argument, differed with
Mr. Calhoun as to the extent of power conferred
upon the Presiding Officer, under the rules of the
Senate, he does not take the ground that it is his
duty to do so, but intimates that if Senators
should not interpose to arrest the use of language
clearly out of order, that he would. Up to tins
time there has been no vote, nor has the Senate
taken any action, growing out of the sugges-
tion, of that able Presiding Officer. With alfthese
facts£nd precedents before me, I could but regard
my right, as the Presiding Officer of this body,
to call.a Senator to order for improper words
spoken in debate, as of very doubtful import;
and hence I have refrained on one or two occa-
sions from exercising what, at most, could be
called, under our rules, an inferential authority.
I am aware that my failure to arrest aAmator
in debate on this floor some time since^JBPipd to
some very unjust criticisms, and created the im-
pression abroad that I did less than my duty on
that occasion. I do not ^efer to this with the least
feeling, but merely to say that those who have
indulged in these animadversions upon what oc-
curred in that debate have evidently confounded
the rales of the Senate and those of the House;
the one plain and unmistakable, the, other, to
say the least of it, ambiguous. The rule of the
House reads as follows:
"iraiiyiueinbci,ui spfaking. or otherwise, tin isjjross the
ruies of'the Hou^e, the Speaker shall call to order, or any
member may," &c.
The rule of the Senate provides,
" When a member slmtl be called to Older by the Presi-
dent 01 a Senator, lie shall til down, and shall not proceed
without leave of [he S^naie."
That an implied right may not be fairly in-
ferred from the phraseology ot this rule, 1 will
not dispute; but when the power had never been
cxcrcised, even by a "Vice President, pmong^
whom have been the ablest parliamentarians ot
the country, I did not feel that it would be be-
coming m me to claim and exercise aright so im-
portant as that which restrains the freedom of
debate. If it should be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to so change this rule as to conform to the
recommendation of (he committee, there can be
no loon) for doubt; and it will be my constant
! sim to execute it in letter and spirit, so long as I
shall have the honor of presiding over JoSur de-
liberations. Only make your rules plaiX; lefiVie
no room for doubt as to what is*eants« nd, so
far as I am concerned, they shall be executed.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, the Gth^rule
of order just now read by the Senator from Indi-
ana is not exactly as it was found in the rules of
the Senate in 1826, when Mr. Calhoun presided.
I find it stated, in the paper presented by Mr.
Fillmore, in 1850, that the rule then existing in
1826 was amended in 1828. A committee was
appointed to consider the subject of the rules.
They made a report which was not acceptable
to the Senate; for they had then, as we have
now, precisely the difficulty which is.presented
in regard to the amendment of the rules. They
did, however, vary the rule at that time, but not
by accepting the report of the committee. They
amended it so as to read as it now reads. The
6th rule, as it now stands, is not therefore the
precise rule under which Mr. Calhoun declared
that he considered himself as having no right to
call to order for words spoken. Mr. Fillmore, in
1850, quoted from some of the proceedings of
that day. Hu quoted the report of the com-
mittee, and stated that when the rules were
amended, Mr. Calhoun, the*Vice President—
"then ro^p, and Bind that he took this opportunity tocxpress
his enure satisfaction with that portion of the amendment
giving to Senators the right of appeal from the decision of
the CJiair, as it wa" not only according to. strict principle,
but would icheve the Chair from a most delicate duty. J2s
to the power conferred upon the Chair, it was not for him to
speak; but he assured the Senate that he should always
endeavor to exercise it with strict impartiality.^
He infers, from this language of Mr. Calhoun,
as to the power proposed to be conferred on the
Chair, that the amended rule must be considered
as giving, by implication, the power to the Pre-
siding Officer to call to order for words spoken.
I must confess this is my opinion; but the Sen-
ator from Indiana, the Presiding Officer, will not
understand me at all as inclined iri the least to
censure anything he has done or omitted to do.
I have no doubt he acted most conscientiously,
and precisely in accordance with what he believed
to be his constitutional duty and rights. 1 do
think, however, that, independent of this rule of
the Senate, it is the duty of the Presiding Officer
to call to order for improper words spoken in
debate.
The rules of the Senate are not what are ordi-
narily so called. * The few printed rules which we
have were adopted for the purpose of varying, in
some instances, the parliamentary law, and adding
to that law in other particulars. The law which
governs the proceedings of the Senate is generally
the parliamentary law as laid down in the Manual
of Mr. Jefferson. The rules of the Senate, ordi-
narily so called, are altogether inadequate to the
exigencies which arise in the transaction of the
business of the Senate.
We find, therefore, the rules of our proceed-
ings, for the most part, in the parliamentary law,
which we have adopted, not by express vote, but .
by usage. That parliamentary law is expressed
in this: that no member shall speak reviling, nip-
ping, or unmannerly words of another; that no
member shall use any indecent language in regard
to the proceedings of the body; so that, in Com-
menting on a bill which has been passed, 110
member may say that of the act of the Senate
which he might have said of the bill before the
Senate passed it. This is an indecency for which
he may and should be called to order. No member
shall digress from the subject-matter to utter per-
' sonality. If he does, says the parliamentary law,
" Mr. Speaker shall repress him;" that is the
language.
Wc have changed, in one particular, the par-
liamentary law in this respect. A member may
be called to order for words spoken in debate,
under the practice of the English Parliament, but
the member making the point^of order must wait
until the speech be fimshed,and then, having
reduced the objectionable ^ords to writing, he
sends them up to the Chair. We have amended
the parliamentary law in that particular, requir-
ing that, when a member is called to order, the
words shall be reduced to writing at once, and
the matter shall be referred to the Chair, and de-
cided by it, subject to an appeal to the Senate.
This recognizes the parliamentary law as pre-
, existing, and shows, i thifik, that it is the duty
1; of the Presiding Officer to call to order in those
