1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
747
34th Cong.... 1st Sbss.
River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
1855,) the President, in tracing the right to pro-
vide " aids to navigation " to its true source in the
Constitution, evidently inclines to the opinion
that it may be found in what he calls the " rev-
enue power." The suggestion is entitled to con-
sideration.
There is no such power, eo nomine, in the Con-
stitution. I presume the President has reference
to the tax-levying power, to be found in the first
clause of the eighth section of the first article of
the Constitution, which empowers Congress to
" lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and ex-
cises," &c. It will be observed, that this power
is a general one, applicable to every species of
taxation, and to every description of property;
and that, of course, whatever authority is given,
it may be equally employed upon any of these
objects of public contribution. A direct tax or
an indirect one, an impost upon imported arti-
cles or an excise upon consumption—all are within
the competence of the Legislature, and all depend
upon the same principle of administration. If
Congress is able to provide " aids to navigation"
" as incident to the revenue power, "in the words
of the President, it must be on account of their
operation, in some way, upon the revenue or in-
come of the country; and in conformity with the
same principle, whatever it is, " aids " may be
provided for any other branch of the stock of
national property, as well as navigation, which
furnishes its proportion of supply to the wants of
the Treasury.
But what is the operation upon the public rev-
enue, which thus justifies this kind of congres-
sional action upon these subjects? Is it to aug-
ment it? Or to protect it from losses? Or to
render its collection more easy or economical ?
Or to guard it against fraud? For it is difficult
to conceive any other mode in which these "aids"
can operate, to render them " necessary and
proper" incidents of the revenue or taxation
power. There is one expression in this message
which leads to the impression that it is the aug-
mentation, of the revenue, which furnishes, in the
opinion of the President, the justification for the
exercise of this power of improvement. It is
found where the President savs, that when such
works are " wholly or mainly intended to pro-
mote the revenue from commerce," then additional
reserve and caution are required in the appropri-
ations. The process of augmentation is not in-
dicated, but it can be no other than the increase of
the business contributing to the revenue, and oc-
casioned by these improved facilities of commu-
nication. And we thus reach this principle of con-
fressional jurisdiction, applicable alike to all the
ranches of tax-contributing property, that it is
competent for the national Legislature to provide
" aids," by which they may be rendered more
productive, and, by that means, the public coffers
better filled. Sir, this principle would work a
fundamental change in the Government. A direct
tax upon land has been laid by the authority of
Congress, and may be laid again. Whatever
increases the value of real estate increases its
capacity as a tax-paying object. Thata railroad
through such property, or in its immediate vi-
cinity, will do that, experience has sufficiently
shown. Is such a road one of the " aids" which
Congress may provide in order " to promote the
revenue?" And, if not, how is the principle to
be preserved, while, in this case, the power is
denied ? In fact, the position goes to the general
prosperity of the country; and whatever will ■
" promote" that is a power brought legitimately
by this doctrine within the action of Congress.
I need not follow these considerations to their
inevitable consequences. They are too obvious
to escape the slightest reflection, and too grave
not to command general disapprobation. As to
the other modes of operation upon the "revenue
power" by these congressional " aids" affecting
the process of collection, as I do not perceive
their bearing upon the subject, I shall leave them
without examination.
Having now said all I desire to say respecting
the general power of Congress to remove natural
obstructions from navigable waters, and the sev-
eral veto messages of the President—first with-
holding his assent for special causes, and then
denying the existence of the power—I desire to
submit some considerations connected with the
great lakes of our country, showing the import-
ance of their commerce and navigation, and the
necessity of rendering the latter more " easy and
safe."
I introduce the matter now, because I have no
intention to trouble the Senate with any further
remarks upon this subject, and because the vetoes
of the President reach in their application all the
bills for river and harbor improvements pending
before us. Our great internal seas constitute an
imposing feature upon the map of the North
American continent. The geography of the
earth furnishes elsewhere no such example of
the extent of broad waters penetrating the inte-
rior, and presenting to the traveler such charac-
teristics of the mighty ocean, in their storms and
dangers, in their magnitude, and in the prospect
of water and sky alone which often bound the
vision of the traveler and deprive him of the
sight of land. Fleets have sailed upon them,
and naval battles been fought, not less important
in their consequences upon military operations,
than glorious for the honor and character of the
country. No man can sail among the islands of
Lake Erie, and pass the scene of the memorable
triumph of Perry and his companions, without
recalling i ts dangers and success—without a thrill
of patriotic pride and pleasure.
But the trials and struggles of war have given
way before the arts and industry of peace, and
everywhere these evidences of human exertion
are in active operation, doing that work of civil-
ization and improvement, which began at the rock
of Plymouth, and has now reached the shores
of the great ocean of the West, which separates
us from the islands and continent of Asia The
Indian has gone, whom I have seen in those
regions in all the pride of possession; the animals,
his co-tenants of the forest, whom God gave to
him for nis support, are gone, and the forest itself
is fast disappearing, giving place to thriving
towns and to cultivated fields. A ship may now
sail from Canton to the Fond du Lac of Lake
Superior; and in that voyage it will pas6 through
a distance of nineteen hundred miles f>f inland
navigation, from the entrance into the St. Law-
rence to 'the western extremity of the greatest of
the lakes, the greatest sheet of fresh water upon
the face of the globe; and it will be lifted up
to a higher elevation of six hundred and twenty- j
seven feet—the difference in the height of country
between the points of commencement and termin-
ation of this land-locked voyage. The extent of
coast of the five great lakes is nearly as follows,
including the larger indentations:
Lake Superior 1,850 miles.
Lake Huron, including Georgian Bay .2,200 ''
Lake Michigan 1,300 "
Lake Erie  725 "
Lake Ontario  625 "
To which add Lake St. Clair  110 "
Making the shore line 6,810 miles,
which bounds the great basin, drained by these
capacious reservoirs. The power of production
of such a region in the temperate zone, much of
it of unsurpassed fertility, and peculiarly adapted
for raising the great staple, wheat, and all of it well
fitted to reward human industry, is beyond the
reach of calculation, and approaches the domain
of the imagination. It cannot be but that the
navigation of these seas should be an object of
deep solicitude to all whose lot is cast in the j
region surrounding-them, and ought to be an j
object of interest to the whole Union. Unfortu-
nately, there is a lamentable defect of harbors for
the purposes of navigation and safety. A good
natural harbor is almost unknown. In the
whole extent of Lake Erie, from Black Rock to
the mouth of the Detroit river, there is but one
port without artificial aid sufficiently easy of ac-
cess by its depth of water for the demands of j
navigation, but unfortunately, from its position,
it is useless for the business of the country, and j
that is, Put-in Bay, as it is called, a name indicat- |
ing its preeminence. It is in an island near the
western extremity of the lake; and I recollect
| when, in early times, a splendid destiny was
anticipated for it from its capacity for protection,
and before the engineers had discovered a mode
by which the rivers might be opened, and kept
open by the removal of the bars, and their mouths
thus converted into convenient harbors. The ex-
periment of effecting this has proved successful,
and most important nas been the result. All the
rivers are obstructed by a deposit of sand, where
their waters meet those of the lake, and in the
dry season of the year these bars often prevent
all entrance or exit. I have crossed on horseback
the bar at the mouth of the Cuyahoga river, where
is now the beautiftil and flourishing city of Cleve-
land, and where the largest steamboats find access,
in consequence of the improvement that has been
made; and I have been driven ashore at that
very point in a violent storm, and at the immi-
nent hazard of life.
The winds rise rapidly, and sweep fiercely over
that level expanse of land and water; and perhaps
nowhere else are storms more sudden and danger-
ous1. A lee shore is never far off, and there is
little sea-room, as mariners call it, for the display
of nautical skill—for the trial of the contest be-
; tween the presence of mind and the knowledge
1 of man, ana the raging elements of nature. The
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] seemed to
think that the extent of the navigable waters of
Michigan rendered the interposition of the Gen-
eral Government unnecessary* Sir, it is that
very consideration, which makes it the more in-
dispensable. It is a navigation, with an almost
unbroken coast, impervious to vessels in stress
of weather, and where the storm-beaten seaman
may gaze upon places of safety, without the means
of reaching them. And both the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] and the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Mason] pointed to the catalogue
of proposed works for the State of Michigan,
and seemed rather to taunt my colleague and my-
self, that by some process or other we had pre-
vailed upon the Committee on Commerce to report
more than our just proportion of these contem-
plated improvements. Sir, the intimation passes
by without troubling me. It was introduced the
other day by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason,] and, I thought, repelled successfully at
the time. I am surprised at its renewal.
I put outof question the proposed expenditures
for the improvement of the St. Clair and the St.
Mary's rivers, because the locations are upon the
dividing line between the United States and
Canada, and the works have no more relation to
Michigan than to half a dozen other members of
the Confederation. They should no more be
charged to her benefit, than the improvement at.
the mouth of the Mississippi should be considered
the exclusive concern of the State of Louisiana.
For the rest, we have bills for eleven works in
the State of Michigan, whose aggregate value
amounts to $380,000. These works are spread
over an extent of twelve hundred miles of coast,
while our neighbor,Ohio, within a hundred miles
of coast, has eight works, requiring an expend-
iture of $168,000. With a proportionate allow-
ance, measured by space, Michigan should have
sixteen works, and appropriations approaching
two million and sixteen thousand dollars. Rec-
ollect, sir, that, for many years, this system has
been going on in Ohio, and in .many other por.
tions of the lake country; while in all Lake
Superior and Lake Huron, and upon a large
portion of the eastern coast of Lake Michigan,
nothing has been done, not the first foot of earth
been removed, nor the first log provided for a
pier. So much for this charge of excess.
Gentlemen here, unacquainted with the true state
of things in the lake country, often manifest sur-
prise and impatience at wnat they consider the
slow progress of these works, and at the necessity
of changes and repairs. Sir, I wonder that so
much has been done and well done, and not that
accidents occur occasionally to mar the under-
takings. In the first place, much of the difficulty
originates here. Appropriations have always
been more or less delayed and often interrupted
for years. In the mean time the works fall into
a state of dilapidation; and when appropriations
are made, before the effect of these improvident
errors is removed, much of the season and the
appropriation will have passed away. In the
next place, as I have said, the whole subject was
new, the labors were but experiments, and it was
difficult to estimate the operation of the winds
and the waters upon the lakes and upon the
rivers whert they enter them. This knowledge
