24
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,
34th Cong....I st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be appointed and paid in the manner now
provided by law, two principal examiners and
two assistant examiners, in addition to the exam-
ining force now authorized by law to be so em-
ployed in the Patent Office.
Sec. 10. And be it farther enacted, That the
Commissioner of Patents is hereby authorized to
pay those employed in the United States Patent
Office from April first, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, until April first, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, as examiners and assistant examiners of
patents, at the rates fixed by law for these respect-
ive grades: Provided, That the same be paid out
of the Patent Office fund, and that the compensa-
tion thus paid shall not exceed that received by
those duly enrolled as examiners and assistant
examiners of patents for the same period.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War be directed to examine into the
amount of expenses necessarily incurred in the
suppression of Indian hostilities in the late Indian
war in Oregonand Washington, by the Territorial
Governments of said Territories, for the mainte-
nance of the volunteer forces engaged in said war,
including: pay of volunteers; and that he may, if
in his judgment it be necessary, direct a com-
mission of three to proceed to ascertain and re-
port to him all expenses incurred for purposes
above specified.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
compensation of the clerk of the district and cir-
cuit courts of the United States for the southern
district of Illinois for transcribing certain records
under the act of Congress appioved April twenty-
third, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, shall be the
same as is authorized by the act of February
twenty-six, eighteen hundred and fifty-three,
concerning fees and costs for copying records and
attending courts during their sittings.
Sec. 13. And be it Jurthcr enacted, That there
be allowed and paid to the kite commiSMoncrs for
settling private land claims in California, ap-
pointed under the act of March third, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one, and acts additional thereto,
one month's sAiary for services rendered subse-
quent to March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, (and to the several disbursing agents for
said commission the .same compensation for the
receiptand disbursement of moneys us is allowed
to other disbursing officers of the Government in
California, the same to be paid out of (ho unex-
pended balance of moneys h< retofore appi opi i.iled
for (he salaries and expenses of said commission.)
Sue. 14. >fhid be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Interior ascertain the number of
Cherokee* east of the Mississippi that were omit-
ted in the census taken by 1). W. Siler in eighteen
hundred ami fifty-one,and pay the li\e thousand
dollars appiopriated by the eighth section of the
art making appropriations for the euirenl and con-
tingent expenses of tiie Indian department, ap-
proved July thiity-one, eighteen handled and
fifty-four, to said Indians, according to the per
capita distribution made by the Department of
the Interior m pursuance of the principles con-
tained in the opinion of the Attorney General of
the United States on that subject, of Aptil six-
teenth, eighteen hundred and iifty-one.
Sec. Jj. And he if further enactcd, That the an-
nual compensation of the eh,tpl.un to the United
ted States Penitentiary shall be Jive hundred dol-
lars, und-tweuty per cent, on the same from July
fiisi, eighteen hundred and fifty-tinee.
See. lf>. And be it. further enactcd, That there
shall be paid to John C. itives by the Secretary
of the Senate and Clerk of the I louse of .Repre-
sentatives, out of the contingent funds of the two
Houses, aceoiding to the number of copies of the
Congressional Globe and Appendix taken by each,
one cent for every five pages of that work ex-
ceeding three thousand pages for a long session,
or fifteen hundred pages for a short one, including
the indexes and die laws of the United States, com-
mencing with this se&sion.
Sr.e. 17. And be it further enacted, That the
Seen tary of the Treasury be, and lie is hereby,
authorized and required to appoint a suitably
qualified peigon as special examiner of drugs,
rhemi'jN, medicines, &c., at San Francisco, in
('aiiformo, whose annual ualary shall be two thou-
£.auu dollars.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and directed to cause to be constructed
the following buildings:
At Portsmouth, New Hampshire, for the ac-
commodation of the custom-house, post office,
and United States courts, a building of stone,with
fire-proof floors, of iron beams and brickwork,
iron roof, shutters, sills, &c., eighty-five feet long,
by sixty wide, and sixty feet high, to cost not
more than eighty-eight thousand dollars.
At Nashville, Tennessee, for the accommoda-
tion of the custom-house, post office, United
States courts and steamboat inspectors, a building
of like materials, eighty-five feet long, by sixty
deep, and sixty feet high, to cost not"more than
ninety-five thousand dollars.
At Ogdensburg, New York, for the accommo-
dation of the custom-house and postoffice, a build-
ing of like materials, sixty feet long, by forty-five
deep, and thirty-two feet high, to cost not more
than fifty thousand dollars.
At Georgetown, in the Districtfof Columbia,
for the accommodation of the custom-house and
post office, a building of like materials, sixty
feet long, by forty-five deep, and thirty-two feet
high, to cost not more than fifty thousand dol-
lars.
At Dubuque, Iowa, for the accommodation of
the custom-house, post office, and United States
courts, a building of like materials, eighty-five
feet long by sixty deep and sixty feet high, to
cost not more than eighty thousand dollars.
At Knoxville, Tennessee, for the accommoda-
tion of the custom-house, post office and United
.States courts, a building of like materials, eighty-
five feet long by sixty (Jeep, and sixty feet high,
to cost not more than eighty-eight thousand dol-
lars.
At Galena, Illinois, for the accommodation of
the custom-house and post office, a building of
like materials, sixty feet long by forty-five deep,
and thirty-two feet'high, to cost not more than
fifty thousand dollars.
At Springfield, Illinois, for the accommodation
of the United States courts and post office, a
building of like materials, sixty feet long by forty-
live deep, and thirty-two feet high, to cost not
more than fifty thousand dollars. *
At "Rutland, and at Windsor, Vermont, suitable
buildings for the accommodation of the circuit
and district courts of the United States, and the
se\eial offices connected therewith, and the post
offices at said Rutland and Windsor, the cost
of which shall not exceed the sum of twenty-five
thousand dollars each: Provided, That no money
shall be expended under thw act for the erection
of a custom-house where the duties collected do
not equal the expense of collection.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That the
several sums mentioned in the preceding section
of this act, as the cost of the buildings therein
nut hon/.ed to be constructed, together with ten per
cent, thereon to cover the compensation of arch-
itects, superintendence, advertising, and other
contingent expenses, and so much as may be
required to piucha.se suitable sites for said build-
ings, be, and the same are heiebv, appropriated
■ for the purposes aforesaid, out of any money m
| the Treasury not otherwise appropnated: Pro-
I vided, That no money hereby appropriated shall
1 bo used or applied for the purposes mentioned
I until a valid title to the land for the site of such
I buildings in each case shall be vested in the United
■ States, and until the State shall also duly release
I and' rehnqui-di to the United States the light to
! tax or m any way assess said site, or the prop-
eily of the United States that may be thereon
j during the time that the said United States shall
! be or remain the owner tlieicof.
! Sec. 20. And be it further enacttd, That to au-
; thonz.c the Secretary of the Treasury to enlarge
the building now in progress of construction lo
; be used as a custom-house and post oflice at San-
' dusky, Ohio, by the addition of another story,
land otheiwise, as the said Secretary may deem
| expedient, the sum of nineteen thousand five
| hundred dollars be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated, with ten per cent, thereon for contin-
! gencies: Provided, That the monev hereby appro-
pnated shall not be expended until said Secietary
1 shall have contracted, upon such security as lie
may approve, for the completion of said building,
so enlarged, at a sum equal to or less than the
amount heretofore and hereby appropriated.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That the
President of the United States cause to be con-
structed at Key West, Florida, a suitable building
for the accommodation of the district court of the
United States for the southern district of Florida;
and that the sum of eight thousand dollars be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated for this
purpose, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
Public, LVI.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Service of Lhe Post Office Department
duimg the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americahi Congress
assembted, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-seven, out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury arising from the revenues of the said Depart-
ment, in conformity to the act of the second of
July, one thousand eighthundrcd and thirty-six:
For transportation of the mails, (inland,) six
million one hundred and forty thousand dollars.
For compensation to postmasters, two million
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For ship, steamboat, and way letters, twenty
thousand dollars.
For wrapping-paper, forty-eight thousand five
hundred dolhus.
For office furniture in the post offices, six thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For advertising, eighty-five thousand dollars.
For mail-bags, fifty-eight thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For blanks, and paper for the same, ninety-one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For mail-locks, keys, and stamps, eighteen
thousand five hundred dollars.
For mail depredations and special agents, sixty-
five thousand dollars.
For clerks in the offices of postmasters, seven
hundred and fifteen thousand dollars.
For postage stamps ami stamped envelopes,
seventy-five thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, one hundred and sev-
enty thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of two million two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated,
to l)e paid out of any money in the Tieastuy not
otherwise appropnated, to supply deficiencies m
the revenue of tile Post Office Department for the
year ending the thirtieth of June, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-seven.
Si:c. 3. ,'hul be it further enacted, That the sum
of five bundled thousand dollars be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated, forpurchasing a site, and
the eiecuon or preparation of the necessary build-
ing for thi post office in the city of New Voile.
Sec. 4. And be it further cnacted, That the fourth
section of the act of Congrees approved fifth of
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, entitled
"An act mukingappropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department, during the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, one "thousand eight
bundled and fifty-five," be, and the same is here-
by, continued tor one year, from August fifth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
S lc.5. >'lnd be it further t dueled, That the First
Comptroller of the Tieasury shall proceed to
execute the provisions of the ninth section of the
act of March third, eighteen hundred and 3h\y-
five, entitled "An act making appropriation* for
the service of the Post Office Department
fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June,
hundred and fifty-six," ia conformity
directions of said act, notwithstanding f ■
| ance by William L. Blanchard of o.i
| e>ttra compensation under his contract, . ■
i payment being deducted from any further allow-
; ance, if any, made under said act.
! Sec. 6. And be it further enacUd, That the Pii'st
I Comptroller of the Treasury be, and he is hereby
i required, to adjust the damages due to Edward
• the
said
