THE O0N<GK®S§f€>MAL @LGBS.
June 26,
esS&s ifpich are violations of order according to
thfr^parliamentary laVi Indeed, this would seem
to be antjnher$$t power of the Presiding Officer,
the necessary and only purpose of whose author-
ity fi to cause the proceedings of the body to be
conformed to its rules; and this seems to me as
obvious in regard to the proprieties of debate as
to the order of business, or any other rule.
I~t appears to me, sir, that the rules which we
find in the parliamentary law are quite adequate
to the necessities of the Senate. If we can have
a?n understanding upon the subject of the duty
of the Presiding Officer to call to order, it is all
that is necessary. If any Senator reflects im-
properly-oh a State, I think he is guilty of a
breacti of order under the parliamentary law—not
per se, perhaps, but because it is speaking beside
tlie question, which is said in the parliamentary
law to be' a breach of order. Hatseli and the
Manual state it thus: " No one is to speak im-
pertinently, or beside the question, or tediously."
I think then, sir, that we require no modifica-
tion o'f our rules except to make it the duty of
the Presiding Officer to call members to order for
words improperly spoken. Respecting, as I do,
the scruples of the gentleman who now presides
over the Senate, I tfo not desire to put any force
" upon him against his own judgment; and I think,
'therefore, we ought not to insist on the view
which I have taken of the parliamentary law, but
.should make it an express rule of the Senate; and
I am quite sure, if that be done, that the Presiding
Officer will perform his duty and enforce the rule
promptly, and, at the same time, with the deli-
cacy and discrimination which are so important.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 think I can
obviate all the difficulties which I perceive here,
by moving, if it is in order, as I believe it is, to
strike out all of the report except the proposed
amendments to the 6th rule, which simply define
the power of the Chair, as suggested by the Sen-
ator from Maryland.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is on striking out the words indicated
by the Senator from Louisiana. His amendment
must be"first disposed of.
Mr. BENJAMIN". I will withdraw that
amendment, as there appears to be a general
inclination on the part of the Senate to strike out
everything but the power in dispute. 1 withdraw
the amendment. ,
Mr. STUART. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Tennessee to modify his motion, so as
to leave in the report the provision in regard to
private bills, which is necessary in a business
point of view.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am willing to
embrace that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the motion of the Senator from Ten-
nessee to be to strike out the amendment reported
by the committee to the 3d rule of the Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 wish to suggest that the 6th
rule, being an explicit and distinct rule of the
Senate as to what shall be done when a member
is called to order,may perhaps be modified prop-
erly by declaring distinctly the law that shall
fovern the Presiding Officer in its administration.
think it would be cleaily right to infer that the
parliamentary law, as defined by Mr. Jefferson,
is the rule governing the Presiding Officer. He
has a large discretion here in calling a member to
order. In arriving at a conclusion as to the per-
formance of that duty, I take it for granted that
it is intended that the parliamentary law, as de-
fined by Mr. Jefferson, shall be his rule of action.
I merely desire to suggest whether it would not
be well to say so in express terms. I make this
suggestion to the Senator from Tennessee, whose
motion is pending.
Mr. JONES, of^Tennessee. I do not know
that any such provision is necessary. I under-
stood the Senator from Maryland to assume, and
I have heard no dissent from his position, that the
parliamentary law, as defined by Mr. Jefferson,
is the rule of the Senate, with such additions as
the Senate has chosen, or may choose, to make
for itself. I take it for granted that that parlia-
mentary law is the rule of the Senate. It seemed
to be the general impression of this body, as far as
I could see, or hear, or ascertain, that they only
desired the single question settled, that the Pre-
siding Officer had the power and the right and
the duty of calling a member to order. Perceiv-
ing thi%, and in order to obviate the contest which
was going on, I proposed to strike out everything
but that provision and the other relating to the
private bills. I take it for granted that the par-
liamentary law, as kid down by Mr. Jefferson in
his Manual, is the law of the Senate, unless where
it conflicts with some special rule of this body.
If it were necessary, I should be willing to so
define it, but I do not think it necessary.^ desire
to arrive at a practical result, to give the power
to the Presiding Officer, to whom, m my opinion,
it belongs; but it would be as well to say so ex-
pressly, and thus to relieve him from all embar-
rassment.
Mr. CLAYTON. We have spent the day,
sir, in this debate, and it would be much to be
regretted if no good should come from this ex-
penditure of time. I am anxious that the motion
now before the Senate shall prevail. 1 am quite
willing to give up all other parts of the report
if we can retain that which provides that it is the
duty of the Presiding Officer henceforth to call a
member to order when he uses improper lan-
guage. I hope we shall have the opinion of the
Senate distinctly expressed on that point. No
censure can possibly be ascribed by that declara-
tion to the gentleman who presides over our de-
liberations, because he has only followed the
course which has been pursued by the other Pre-
siding Officers of the Senate for the last twenty-
five years. Undoubtedly he would be glad, as I
think he has already expressed himself, to have
his duty laid down and defined by the Senate, so
that he could incur no censure by calling to order.
If we can attain this result, and express the opin-
ion that the Presiding Officer of the body shall
call to order in future, we shall not have spent
the day in vain, but we shall have attained a
great good for the Senate and the country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
not aware that he distinctly understands the mo-
tion made by the Senator from Tennessee. The
report of the committee first proposes to amend
the 3d rule. The Chair understands the Senator
from Tennessee as proposing to stnkc oat all of
the report of the committee except that which
relates to the amendment of the 6th rule.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is my prop-
osition.
Mr. ADAMS. There are some other amend-
ments proposed in the report—for instance, the
one alluded to by my colleague on the commit-
tee, [Mr. Stuart,J to which I presume no one
will have objection. 1 desire to call the Senator's
attention to that fact, and know whether he pro-
poses to strike out that amendment as to the ref-
erence of private claims to the Court of Cfaims?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not object
to that proposition.
Mr. FOOT. I rise to ascertain whether the
proposition of the Senator fiom Tennessee em-
braces that portion of the report which has refer-
ence tactile special orders ? There is a separate
reporePJresented by myself, by direction of the
committee, which proposes to strike out the 31st
rule, relating to special orders, and to insert a
substitute. The object of that provision is merely
to regulate certain irregularities which have prac-
tically crept into the Senate in reference to special
orders, and I presume it will meet with accept-
ance by every member of the Senate. I do not
know whether or not it is intended to embrace
that in the motion to strike out.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I had no refer-
ence to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
then, as the Chair undei&tauds, is on striking out
so much of the report of the committee as pre-
cedes the proposition to amend the 6th rule.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
row is on the amendment proposed by the com-
mittee to the 6fh rule.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING -OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment proposed by the com-
mittee to the 29th rule. It is to add to that rule:
" Whenever a private bill is under consideration,
it shall be in order to' move, as a substitute for i
it, a resolution of the Senate referring the case to
the Court of Claims." So that the rule will read:
29. The final question upon the second rending of every
bill, resolution, constitutional amendment, or motion, origin-
ating in the Senate, and requiring three readings previous
to being passed, shall be, " Whether it shall be engrossed
and read a thiid time?" and no amendment shall be re-
ceived for discussion at a third reading of any bill, resolu-
tion, amendment, or motion, unless by unanimous consent
of the members present; bur it shall at all times be in oider,
before the final passage of any such bill, resolution, consti-
tutional amendment, or motion, to move its commitment;
and should such commitment take placc, and any amend-
ment be repoited by the committee, the said bill, resolu-
tion, constitutional ainendihent,-or motion, shall be agam
read a second time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and thou the aforesaid question shall be again put.
Whenever a private bill is under consideration, it shall be
in order to move, as a substitute for it, a resolution of til*
Senate referring the ease to the Court of Claims.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have nothing to say
particularly on the subject of that proposition;
but we have had a pretty free debate as to what
the rule is, and has been, in respect to the Presi-
dentof the Senate calling a member to order; and
I desire only to remark, that nothing I have said
in relation to that subject was intended to cast the
slighest imputation on our President. All my
remarks applied simply to the subject. I ex-
pressed my opinion m opposition to that of him
and others, who arc, of course, much better com-
petent to decide it than I am. He decided that
he had not the power. I think he had always the
power. I do not blame the Presiding Officer of
the Senate for hesitating as to what course to pur-
sue; although I think almost every other Vice
President, or President of the Senate, has exer-
cised the power. Mr. Dallas did, I know. I
remember perfectly his calling me to order for a
very slight offense, I am sure; but I thanked him
for it.
The amendment to the 29th rule was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know pre-
cisely what alteration wo have made in the 6th
rule of the Senate. It seems to me that we have
probably consented to more than we designed.
AH that we intended was to make it the duty of
the President of the Senate to call to order. Have
we not added to that a provision about a Senator
taking his seat, and other things ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the 6th rule, as amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
6. If any member in speaking, or otherwise, transgress
the rules of the Senate, the Piesiding Officer shall, or any
member may, call to order; and when a member shall be
called to order by the President, or a Senator, he shall sit
down, and shall not proceed without leave of the Senate.
And every question of order shall be decided by the Presi-
dent, without debate, subject to an appeal to the Senate;
and the President may call for the sense of the Senate on
any question of order.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I understand that the
only change which it makes in the old rule is,
that it becomes the duty of the President of the
Senate to call a member to order for improper
words spoken.
Several Senators. That's all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] from the same select
committee, reported an amendment to strike out
the 31st rule, which is in these words:
" 31. The special oiders of the day shall not be called by
the Chair before one o'clock, unless otherwise directed by
the Senate
and, in lieu of that rule, to insert the following:
When the hour shall have aruved for the consideration
of asocial order, it shall be the duty of the Chair to take
up such special ouler, and the Senate shall proceed to con-
sider if, unless it be postponed by vote of the Senate.
When two or moie subjects t>hall have been specially
a^isnod for consideration, they shall tnke precedence ac-
cording to the order of ume at which they were severally
assigned, and such order shall at no time be lost oi changed
except by direction of the Senate.
When two or more subjects shall have been assigned for
the same hour, th^ subject fu>t assigned for that hour shall
take precedence ; but special outers shah always have pre-
cedence of general oiders, unless such special oiders shall
be postponed by direction of the Senate.
Special orders shall not lose their position on account of
intervening adjournments ; nor shall th<-y lo c theirielauve
position on the Calendar, except by vote of the Senate,
until finally disposed of.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to suggest a question
to the mover of this proposition. Suppose a
special order loses its position, being cut of by
intervening business, before the Senate adjourns;
which would come up on the next day under this
rule—the matter immediately under considera-
tion at the adjournment, or the. special order
before it?
Mr. FOOT. Under this proposed rule special
orders will never lose their position until finally
disposed of. This is intended to obviate the
common practice of taking up a special order
