14B
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 1,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
had to be acquired by repeated trials, and super-
added to this difficulty the different locations pre-
sented different embarrassments. But public con-
fidence has gradually increased, and we no w know,
that the object is within our reach. From time to
time improvements will suggest themselves; and
if Congress do but its duty, this reproach to our
country of careless insecurity ana indifference
will disappear—a reproach which the Canadian
Government avoided this past season by fur-
nishing one half of the mearts reouired to keep
open the channel over the St. Clair flats, by a
temporary arrangement, while our Government
sat still and did nothing, leaving individuals to
supply the residue.
As to the objection of the honorable Senator
From Virginia, that the excavations will fill up,
and that the works will require renewal, he will
pardon me for considering it but as the small
dust of the balance in such a momentous concern.
If the channels become again obstructed, you
have again to open them, and so on to the end of
time, unless a method shall be found out of ren-
dering the work,when once performed,perpetual.
You construct your buildings, and repair them—
your naval ships, and replace them, and you
renew all the perishable objects of legislation as
circumstances require; and to this course of polit-
ical wisdom (necessity, jtideed) there is to be one
exception; one class of expenditures is to be for-
ever excluded from future aid, and that is a class
nccessary for the protection of human life and
treasure and liable to be destroyed by the storms
of heaven, and by the accidents of the winds and
waves.
The construction of piers has been found effectual
at the mouths of many of the rivers; and, really,
sir, 1 do not see, even after a careful examination
Of the President's messages with a view to this
point—I do not see upon what principle the Presi-
dent has withheld his assent from appropriations
for the construction or repair of piers in the
Cuyahoga river, (for instance,) while it is yielded
for piers in the Delaware. It is a distinction
■without a difference in the principle; but it is a
distinction and a difference both, in its practical
application. But so it is; the former is the object
of executive favor, while the latter is discarded.
During the administration of Mr. Jefferson,
an appropriation of #90,000 was made for " re-
pairing and erecting public piers in the river Del-
aware," and in the administration of Mr. Monroe
another appropriation was made to the amount
of $22,000 for building two piers in the bay of
Delaware, at a place called the Shears, " of suffi-
cient dimensions to be a harbor, "&c. Both of
these appropriations are deemed constitutional
by the President, but similar works for similar
purposes are unconstitutional in Lake Erie.
I have made zealous inquiries, in order to pro-
cure detailed statements of the statistics of the
commerce and navigation of the five great lakes;
but I have been unsuccessful. I am promised
the necessary information from Buffalo, but it has
not yet reached me. Under these circumstances,
I shall indulge •in no useless speculations upon
the subject. I will merely observe, that the
report of Colonel Graham, to which I shall in a
few minutes more particularly refer, gives with
sufficient accuracy the annual value of the com-
merce and navigation which pass the flats of
the St. Clair river; and it reaches the sum of
$251,167,105. This cannot be one half of the
trade of the lakes, but it enables us to approx-
imatetowards it, and to assume with confidence
that the whole yearly value of the commerce and
nr?^10tl a" those seas must exceed the sum
of #600,000,000.
With respect to the losses, the materials to esti-
mate them are more satisfactory. They have
been "published in the Buffalo papers, and are
furnished by Captain Dobbins, general inspector
of the board of underwriters. The following is
the result: ° i
Total loss of property in 1855... .$2,821,529 !
°o. do. 1854 2,187,825
do.
Increase in 1855  633 704
Total Joss of life in 1854 'll9
Do. do. 1855  
Decrease in 1855.
This loss of life and property was occasioned,
in 1855, by six hundred and three disasters, which
may be attributed almost wholly to the want of
harbors, where vessels can take refuge on the
approach of storms.
Passing from the general subject of lake harbors
to the vetoes of the bills for the removal of obstruc-
tions from the St. Clair and St. Mary's rivers,
i beg leave to remind the Senate, that these rivers,
so called, are straits—lines of connection between
the northwestern lakes. The latter, the water
communication between Lake Superior and Lake
Huron, and the former, with the small Lake St.
Clair and the Detroit river, being the communica-
■ tion between Lake Huron and Lake Erie. They
are upon our boundary, forming the line of di-
vision between the United States and Canada, and
thus important for our foreign, as well as our
domestic, commerce. Looking to the President's
previous messages upon this subject, I had never
believed, for an instant, that he would withhold
his sanction from these bills, because, if there is
, one channel of navigation in our country free from
' constitutional doubts, it is to be found here in
these great outlets,^uniting, as they do, the pur-
poses of peace and war, and free from all charge
^j of possessing only a local interest. And I take
|j it, therefore, though it is not so said, in express
j terms in either of these documents communicat-
ing the executive views, that the objections are
intended to embrace every work for the " aid" of
| navigation, and to terminate all appropriations
j( for that purpose, as belonging to that great Pres-
1 idential maelstrom, a system of internal improve-
!' ments, which draws everything within its capa-
cious vortex.
In the veto of the St. Clair bill, the President
disposes summarily of the claim of that strait to
be rendered properly navigable, putting it in bad
company—into the extensive family of " internal
improvements," which he has not been able to
trace to a true constitutional source. He discards
also, in brief terms, its pretension to consider-
ation as a defensive measure. He does not,
<j indeed,Either admit or deny, that the projected
1 improvement would come within that class of
1 expenditures, even were it deeper and better
! protected against filling up, whicn constitute the
objections he presents against its defensive char-
acter. He says: "It would serve no valuable
1 purpose,as contributing to the common defense,"
: because the proposed depth of twelve feet and the
filling up of the excavation would render it unfit
for any such object. It will be seen, that consid-
erations of expediency here assume the place of
constitutional objections, and the improvement of
this channel is disapproved, not because we are
doing too much, but because we are not doing
enough.
These great lakes, sir, through their whole
extent, form the boundary between us and our
Canadian neighbors. The war of independence
and the war of 1812 equally demonstrated their
importance in the prosecution of hostilities. I
have already said, that fleets have sailed over
them, naval battles have been fought upon them,
and armies have been transported across them,
and desperate efforts upon the same theater of
operations may be written in the future history
; of the country, as they are written in the past.
1 Causes of collision between us and England may
hereafter ripen into war. i hope they will not,
but being prepared for events will not hasten
them; and her coterminous possessions upon this
continent, in the event of hostilities, will then again
become the object of our national efforts. He,
who supposes that such a struggle for them will
be avoided by her voluntary withdrawal had
better learn to correct his error in the record of her
pride, and power, and acquisitions. In the pres-
ent state of the world, just precaution requires
that we should look to the future and make rea-
sonable provision for its exigencies. Had we
possessed the naval supremacy upon Lake Erie
in 1812, the incompetency of the commanding
general could hardly have led to the lamentable
disasters, which marked the era and the region,
and which even yet every American regards with
indignation. It cost us almost two campaigns,
with their enormous expenditure of treasure and
sacrifice of life, to lose that northwestern coun-
I try and to regain it; and as it was, the success
depended on the slightest accident, a change in
the atmosphere.
In 1813 the command of Lake Erie was essen-
tial to our operations. It was impossible, from
the state of the roads, or rather from the fact of
there being no roads, to transport our materiel
and all our necessary supplies of war through the
low country to the British positions, and we had,
therefore, before commencing the work, to await
the naval operations. Perry had made Erie the
i station of his labors, and in an extraordinarily
: short space of time had converted the trees of the
: forest mto ships of war. But they were locked
up in the harbor, owing to the bar at its mouth,
and the British fleet was in the offing, watching
the movements. Fortunately, a violent gale came
on and the hostile squadron was driven from its
station. Perry, who had all his arrangements
ready, seized the opportunity, buoyed his vessels
: over thebar,reshipped theguns, and was prepared.
for the enemy before they could return. After
this liberation, these hostile squadrons encoun-
| tered each other, not far from the mouth of the
; Detroit river, and then followed that memorable
j engagement, announced by the equally memora-
ble words, " We have met the enemy, and they
| are ours;" words indelibly impressed upon my
j recollection now, as they were upon my heart
i then; for the army, at that time near the borders
of Lake Erie, awaiting the operations of the fleet,
preparatory to its own movement, had heard the
booming of the cannon, telling them of the con-
1 test that was going on. I was at the time in com-
mand, for General Harrison was absent upon a
special service; and the dispatch telling in those
brief words the story of the glorious victory, was
opened by me; and when it was read, a shout of
exultation went up from the assembled thousands
j that penetrated tne surrounding forest, and kept
on till it died away in its gloomy recesses.
Now, sir, is the past to teach us no lesson of
experience ? Or are we to live a life of national
expedients, unprepared for events till they are
upon us? The war of 1812 furnishes another
instance of this inattention to the dictates of a
wise precaution. We lost that beautiful frigate,
1 the President, commanded by the gallant Decatur,
\ in consequence of her having grounded upon the
baT at the mouth of the New York harbor, and of
the injuries she sustained while in that position.
, She became somewhat disabled; and when, by
the rising of the tide, she was able to get clear of
the embarrassment and to reach the ocean, she
was overtaken and captured by a hostile squadron.
What we need, sir, with a view to internal
naval operations, is free access for our ships of
war to the upper lakes, so that a single establish-
ment shall be sufficient for Erie, Huron, Michi-
gan, and Superior. And to accomplish this it is
only necessary to deepen the channels over the
St. Clair and St. Mary's flats, and those great
sheets of water will, in effect, form a single sea;
for the canal around the falls at the outlet of Lake
Superior, a durable and magnificent work, has
overcome^ the obstructions, which separated it
■ from its kindred reservoirs. The Canadians have
' an advantage over us in their canal around the
Falls of Niagara, and they will have another,
i should we neglect our means of improvement, in
the power to construct a naval establishment in
I Georgian Bay, an extensive indentation of Lake
| Huron, in a part of which they had a similar
j'work during the last war, and which, from its
[ facility of access by the way of Toronto, will en-
I able them to prepare a formidable squadron in a
: short time, and, by means of it, to command both
1 Lake Huron and Lake Michigan.
The President can profess no allegiance to the
wise old saw, that half a loaf is better than no
bread. He must maintain, that a partly filled
stomach is worse than an empty one. He dis-
approves of the St. Clair bill, because the pro-
posed channel is to be but twelve feet deep. Now,
sir, what prevents Congress, at any time, from
providing for enlarging this depth, should it be'
necessary ? It is an objection appealing to ex-
perience. Let experience come to test its value,
and then let the necessary measures be taken.
And what prevented the proper officers of the
executive department from furnishing plans
adequate to the object, and suitable to it? The
plans and estimates for the execution of the
