758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
to understand them. I have a copy of my speech
before me, and I ask him to read the remarks to
which he alludes.
Mr. HARLAN. I read from the Senator's
printed speech:
" Mr. President, I shall not pursue this subject further.
I have reviewed what has been said, so far as I thought
proper to allude, to it, and now I conclude with this remark—
that if we are to be drifting m this way into a dissolution of
the Union, I would rather that it should be dissolved to-
morrow—I wish my words measured—in preference to
living in a Union without the protection of a Constitution
which gives me an equality. I should tell my people so
to-morrow. Y es, sir, the moment you say this Union is
not under the control, and the influence, and the operative
influence of the Constitution of the country, I say to South
Carolina,< Go out of the Union, and make arrangements
with others to form such a government as you can live 111
with honor and dignity.5
I leave to Senators whether I misrepresented
the gentleman from South Carolina or not.
Mr. BUTLER. Sir, i say now, calmly, that
•when a northern majority shall acquire such a
control over the legislation of this country as to
disfranchise the slaveholding States in any re-
spect in which they have an equality under the
Constitution of the country, I will not agree to
live under this Government when the Union can
survive the Constitution. That is my sentiment.
I am not a slave to submit myself to legislation
controlled by mere discretion. Mr. President, if
George Washington and Benjamin Franklin, and
the wisest men who ever lived, were to come here
and attempt to legislate under the dictates of mere
discretion, and should do me an injustice, I would
be a craven and a traitor to the principles of
Magna Charta—to every thing which 1 have learned
from the highest sources of history—if I could
submit to any measure that would place my
children the ninety-nine hundredth part of an
inch beneath the children of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not wish to
interfere in this matter, but I will state what I
understood the Senator from Iowa to say.
J| Mr. BUTLER. I did not hear his remark; I
"was not here when he made it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The Senator from
Iowa took the distinct ground, that the interpre-
tation of the views of the gentleman from South
Carolina was, that the "equality" of which he
spoke consisted in the citizens of the southern
States having the right, during the whole period
of territorial governments in the Territories, to
go there with their slaves before a State constitu-
tion was formed. I understood the Senator from
Iowa to say, that the Senator from South Caro-
lina had denied that the people of the Territory
of Kansas under their organic law could exclude
slavery if they should think proper at the com-
mencement of their territorial government, but
must admit slavery until the Territory shall be
admitted into the Union with a State constitution.
That is what [ understood him to say.
Mr. BUTLER. This is rather an ambulatory
kind of issue. 1 cannot find out what is the
meaning of tile Senator.
Mr. HARLAN. I will state to the honorable
Senator from South Carolina what I said. The
honorable Senator from Tennessee has fairly pre-
sented the argument; but my view was based on
the statement of the honorable Senator from South
Carolina,and the honorable Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs.] It was argumentative merely. I
quoted, as nearly as I could remember, the sub-
stance of the remarks of the Senator from South
Carolina; and then 1 interpreted the meaning of
his phraseology by quoting from the speech of
the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. HALE. That is it, exactly.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, sir; 1 want no copartner-
ship with anybody in making speeches. [Laugh-
ter.] If the Senator from Iowa were on the tripod
to-morrow, at the Delphic oiacle, I would not take
his interpretation of my speech. He might place
a Pythia there, and instruct her, and Philipise
her, if he chose, but I would not take his inter-
pretation. Why, sir, I ayoided that very ques-
tion in regard to the powers of the territorial
government. He cannot find a word in my speech
upon that question. The potential faculty of a
territorial government is one over which I should
exercise a very delicate control. I never con-
tended that I desired a law to carry slavery into
any Territory, and I never wanted a law to ex~
* olude it. All that I hn\e contended for is, that
the common domain of this Government, acquired
by the common blood and treasure of all parts
of the United States, shall be just as free to one
class of citizens as to another. When the' people
of a Territory are in the process of approaching
what may be called the maturity of their terri-
torial existence—a State government—I say much
is to be pardoned to the opinion which prevails
at the time. But, sir, if an insulting interference
were to be made by a majority of Congress, or
such an interference as would exclude a slave-
holder on the broad ground that he was unworthy
of equality with a non-slaveholding population,
do you suppose I would stay in the Union—if I
could get out of it ?
That is the true doctrine. I do not wish to live
under this Government when the Constitution
perishes. I believe the gentleman is or has been
in the church. [Mr. Harlan: Yes, sir.] I have
very great respect for the church, and for the
Senator; but I fear he contends that, while the
letter killeth, the spirit cannotgive life. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the further
consideration of the bill before the Senate be post-
poned to, and made the special order of the day
for, Tuesday next.
Mr. STUART. Will it not suit the conveni-
ence of the Senator from Vermont to fix this day
week ? I suggest that day, after consultation with
other Senators.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator can perceive
my condition. I do not know that I shall be able
to speak on Tuesday. On that day, I may be
obliged to ask the Senate for further delay on ac-
count of the condition of my health. If the Sen-
ate prefer to name Wednesday or Thursday, I
shall not object.
Mr. CASS and Mr. STUART. Say Thursday.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. SEWARD. Before a day is fixed upon
for the postponement of this debate, I desire to
have, if possible, some understanding as to the
course wjuch the discussion shall take when it
2™tl
shall beWumed. What was a speculative de-
bate in the beginning, has now become a practi-
cal one by reason of the bill introduced by the
Committee on Territories; and the substitute
which I have presented, which is based on the
application of the new State of Kansas for ad-
mission into the Union. On that cjuestion, I
desire myself to address the Senate at some con-
venient time; but I have supposed there were one
or two bills of general importance in regard to
the business of the country, in an unfinished con-
dition, which it was desirable to dispose of as
soon as possible; and I suggest that after they shall
be disposed of, the disposition of the Senate ought
to be to allow this debate to be resumed and con-
sidered consecutively, instead of discursively and
occasionally. Having this object in view, I beg
leave to ask whether there is any Senator on the
opposite side of this question to myself, who de-
sires to follow the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. GEYER. It will be readily understood
that, as the sole Senator from the State of Mis-
souri, it will be expected that I should take some
part in this debate. It has been my desire to
follow the honorable gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I expect that the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri will be entitled to
the floor; and if there be no objection,,I shallen-
deavor to follow him.
Mr. STUART. I understand that the Senator
from Vermont does not object to the postpone-
ment of this question until Thursday next. If
that course be pursued, it will afford us an oppor-
tunity of disposing of other pressing business. I
move, therefore, that the further consideration of
this bill be postponed till Thursday next, and be
made the special order for that day at one o 'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Vermont in-
forms me, that there are additional documents in
some of the Departments in relation to affairs in
Kansas, including further minutes of the exec-
utive council of the Territory, which %ve have
not received, and also the census returns. For
the purpose of obtaining those documents, I offer
the following resolution; and I ask for its consid-
eration at the present time:
Resolved, That the President be jequesterl to coiriraimir
eate any additional documents in lus possession, or the pos-
session of either of the Departments, relating to the condi-
tion of affairs in Kansas Territory, including the legislative
journals, executive minutes, and the returns of any census
which may have been taken.
Mr. WELLER. I would inquire "whether this
information has been received at the Department
since the last call of the Senate was answered ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir. It will be recol-
lected, that when the President of the United
States sent us his message on this question, on a
former occasion, he sent only the minutes of the
executive council of the Territory, which had
been received jp to that date; but I have since
understood thatadditional minutes have been sent.
Those which we have received reach only to Jan-
uary, 1855; but we wish to obtain them down to
July, 1855, up to which time they have now been
received at the State Department. I saw a portion
of them on Friday or Saturday last. The chief
clerk showed me what had been received, includ-
ing the census returns; and I understood him to
say that the documents would be sent to the
Senate on Monday last, without any resolution
of inquiry being offered. They have not been
received, however, and therefore this resolution
becomes necessary.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
MINT REPORT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, transmitting a report of the operations of the
Mint of the United States and its branches,
including the assay office, for the year 1855.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the message
was ordered to be printed; and a motion by him
to print one thousand additional copies of the
report, five hundred for the use of the director
of the Mint, was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business; and
after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened and the Senate adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 27, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry C. Dean, Chaplain to the Senate.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of the bill reported
from the Committee for the District of Columbia,
relating to suffrage. - %
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed the deficiency
bill with sundry amendments, and askingits con-
currence therein.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of privilege. I wish to submit a report
from the Committee of Elections.
DIPLOMATIC SERVICE.
_ Mr. FAULKNER. I wish to offer a resolu-
tion for reference merely, and I trust that the
gentleman from Maine will withhold his privi-
leged question until I have done so..
Mr. WASHBURN. I yield for that purpose.
The Clerk read Mr. Faulkner's resolution, as
follows:
ResoU cd, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of repealing so
much of the act approved March 1st, J 805, as requires that
all the diplomatic agents of the United States, set forth m
the 1st section of said act, bhall be of tlie giade of envoys
extiaordinary and ministers plenipotentiary. Ateo, to in-
quire into the expediency of repealing so much of the 32th
section of said act as prohibits tlie consuls and commercial
agents of the United States from making any charge of fees
for certificates of passports. Al*o, that they inquire into
the expediency of so amending said act as to authorize an
additional sccretaiy of legation for each of the missions
to London, Pans, and Mexico. Also, to inquire into the
expediency of making such other changes and modifica-
tions of said act as they may deem proper; ami that the
baid committee have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
There was no objection to the introduction of
the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand a di-
vision on the adoption of the resolution, to ascer-
tain whether there is a quorum present to do
business.
