1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
The question was put; and on a division there
•were—ayes forty-eight.
Mr. FAULKNER. This is only a resolution
of inquiry addressed to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The point made by
the gentleman from Tennessee is, that there is no
quorum present. If that be the fact, we ought
to know it; and I therefore move that there be a
call of the House.
Mr. JONES. My object was to ascertain
whether there was here a competent House to
do business. If we act now on unimportant
questions without a quorum, we may, after a
while, get to questions of great moment with the
same want of a competent House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call for tellers
on the motion that there be a call of the House.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapj and
Goode were appointed.
The question was taken on the motion, and it
was decided in the negative—the tellers having
reported—ayes 40, noes 79.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question was then taken on Mr. Faulk-
ner's resolution, and it was adopted.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting the estimates by the Secretary of the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska, under the direction of the
Governor, of appropriations desired by that Ter-
ritory; which were referred to the Committee of
"Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
On motion by Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, the
deficiency bill and the amendments of the Senate
thereto, were taken from the Speaker's tabled and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL.
Mr. CUMBACK, in pursuance of previous
notice, and by unanimous consent, introduced a
bill to amend an act entitled " An act to graduate
and reduce the price of the public lands to actual
settlers and cultivators;" which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
RESOLUTIONS OF NE"W JERSEY.
Mr. CLAWSON presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of New Jersey relative to a
breakwater at Cape May, and others relative to
the improvement of the harbor at Absecom;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
BED RIVER RAFT. ,
Mr. SANDIDGE. I ask leave to introduce a
bill, of which I have given previous notice.
Mr. MEACHAM. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I hope the gentleman will
not press the demand for the regular order of
business, until I have introduced and had referred
a bill, of which I have given previous notice.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the report from the Committee of Elections,
which is a question of privilege.
Mr. MEACHAM. I make no objection to the
bill of the gentleman from Louisiana.
Mr. SANDIDGE introduced a bill appropri-
ating a sum of money for the completion of the
improvements in the raft region of Red river;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
BILL REPORTED BACK.
Mr, TODD, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on Indian Affairs, a
bill authorizing the settlement of the account of
Charles P. Babcock, late Indian agent at Detroit,
■n the State of Michigan; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to present a report
from the Committee on Engraving.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Washburn,] desires to present a report from
the Committee of Elections, which will take pre-
cedence of a report from the Committee on En-
graving.
ILLINOIS CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr, WASHBURN, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee of Elections, in obedience to the resolution
of the House of the 17th instant, directing them
to report " what action has been had by the said
committee in the contested-election ease of Archer
vs. Allen, from the seventh congressional district
in the State of Illinois," submitted a report in
writing; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
ENGRAVING OF MAPS.
Mr. KELSEY, from the Committee on En-
graving, to which was recommitted a resolution
reported to the House of Representatives by said
committee on the 12th of March instant, in regard
to maps, charts, and drawings, annexed to docu-
ments accompanying the President's message,
submitted a report, accompanied by the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the usual number of the maps, charts,
and drawings, annexed to the documents accompanying
the President's message be printed, under the direction of
the Committee on Engraving, for the use of this House:
Provided, That the expense of such printing shall not ex-
ceed the sum of $1,112.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
ster, his Private Secretary.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a
bill for the relief of the distributees of Colonel
William Linn; when the Speaker signed the
same.
Mr. PIKE, from the same committee, reported
as correctly enrolled an act relating to punish-
ment in the penitentiary: when the Speaker signed
the same.
SUFFRAGE IN THE CITY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. MEACHAM. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is the consideration of the bill reported
by the Committee for the District (^Columbia,
defining the rights of voters, and tWr duties of
commissioners of elections, in tlie city of Wash-
ington, and for other purposes. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Goode] moved the previous
question. Pending that question, which was
negatived, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Chaffee] moves to reconsider the vote
whereby the House seconded the call for the
previous question. The Chair entertaining that
motion as in order, the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] appeals from the decision of
the Chair; and the question is, "Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House?"
Mr. ORR. Mr. Speaker, the decision of the
Chair is in opposition to what I conceive to be
the uniform practice of the House; and as the
present decision is likely to become a precedent,
at least for the present Congress, I ask that the
yeas and nays may be taken on the question.
Mr. TRIPPE. I rise to a question of order.
Is the call for the yeas and nays on this question
ill order?
The SPEAKER. The call is in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOYCE. I beg leave to ask the Chair
what are the precedents on this point of order?
Are there any previous decisions ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has referred to
one decision, which is the only one noticed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I wish to inquire
what will be the condition of the bill if the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts withdraws the motion
which he made to reconsider ?
The SPEAKER. The question would then
arise, " Shall the main question be now put?".
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I hope the gentle-
man from Massachusetts will withdraw that mo-
tion.
Mr. CHAFFEE declined to withdraw the mo-
tion.
The question then being, " Shall the decision
of the Cnair stand as the judgment of the House?"
it was taken; and decided in the affirmative—yeas
106, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ball, Barbour, Hcndle> S. Ben-
nett, Benson, BiUinshunst, !> 11: v.. llowiy, Brad^liaw, Broom,
Bufhnton, Burhnsame, James II. Campbeii, Lewis D.
Campbell, Carlile, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Clingman,
Colfax, Comins, Cragin, Craige, Cumback, Damrell,' Henry
Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, .Dur-
fee, Edwards, Emrie, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Flagler, Gid-
dings, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, J. Morrison Harris,
Hoffman, Thomas R. Horton, Hughston, Kelsey, Kennett,
ols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearce, Peltoa, Pen-
nington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pringle, I'urycar. Quit-
man, Ready, Ricaud, Rabbins, Rust, Sabin, Sage, Sapp,
Scott, Seward, Simmons, William R. Smith, Sneed, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Tappan.'Todd, Trafton, Trippe,Tyson, Under-
wood, Valk, Wade, Walbriage, Waldron, Walker, Elliira B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Whitney, Winslow,
Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zollicoffer—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Barclay, Branch, Brooks, Bur-
nett, Cadwaiader. John P. Campbell, Caskie, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R, W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Dowdell, Bther-
idge, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Houston, George W. Jones,
Keitt, Letcher, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Meacham, Smith
Miller, Orr, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Ritchie, ltuffin, Savage,
Shoiter, Stewart, Talbott, and Warner—42.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. COLFAX stated that his colleague, Mr.
Galloway, had paired off for the day with Mr.
Sandidge.
Mr. SHORTER stated that Mr. Taylor had
paired off with Mr. Thorington until the 21st
day of April next.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The question now
recurs, Mr. Speaker, on the motion to reconsider
the vote seconding the previous question?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. COBB. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the Chair
whether the motion to reconsider is not a debat-
able question, and whether, under that motion,
we cannot debate the amendment to the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
a debatable question. The motion to reconsider
must follow the character of the subject to be re-
considered. Inasmuch as that is the question of
seconding the call for the previous question, and
not debatable, the motion to reconsider cannot
be debated.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not wish to trespass
on the rules of the House at all, and I shall try,
in the discussion of this question, to confine my-
self 
Mr. COBB, (interrupting.) I understood the
Chair to decide that the question was not de-
batable.
Mr. MARSHALL. I understood the decision
of the Chair to be, (hat the suggestions which
should be made under the motion to reconsider
must be of matter germane to the subject which
it is proposed to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
seconding the previous question is not a debat-
able subject; and, therefore, that a motion to re-
consider the action of the House on that second-
ing must follow the character of the original ques-
tion, and cannot be debated in any form.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not see any reason
why it should not be debatable.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I now submit, for
the consideration of the Speaker, the question,
whether the yeas and nays can be ordered on the
motion to reconsider, when they cannot be raised
on the original motion? You are now reconsid-
ering the vote by which the previous question
was seconded. Can you have the yeas and nays
on a second to the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
question raised by the gentleman from Georgia.
It is a general parliamentary rule that the motion
to reconsider the action of the House shall follow
the character of the action itself. The Chair un-
derstands it is the practice of the House not to take
the yeas and nays on the matter of seconding the
call for the previous question. If that be out of
the power of the House, the motion to reconsider
the action of the House on the question of sec-
onding cannot be taken by yeas and nays; but,
inasmuch as the gentleman from Georgia pre-
sents the second question, and the first question
is not presented to the House, the Chair will,
unless objection be taken, allow the question to be
decided by yeas and nays.
Mr. COBB. Then I understand that I am not
entitled to the yeas and nays, save by the courtesy
of the House.
Mr. G1DD1NGS. I object to these interroga-
