1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOME.
after the time for which it was assigned has
elapsed, with a view to reassign it. The rule
Ijow proposed makes a special order when once
assigned the special order until disposed of.
Mr. HUNTER. Suppose it is displaced by
an order of the Senate?
Mr. FOOT. The Senate may change its order,
but not unless by vote. It does not lose its rela-
tive position at any time.
Mr. HUNTER. But if there is a change, it
changes the priority entirely, I understand?
Mr. FOOT. Another subject may be made the
special order for a subsequent time, but it may
have been so made at an earlier day, and that will
have priority if they come up dt the same day
and hour. That which was first assigned will
have priority of another subsequently assigned
for the same time. The rule regulates the priority
of special orders, and that is the whole of it.
The amendment was agreed to.
WAGON ROAD TO CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the bill (S. No.
337) for the construction of a military road from
some point in the State of Missouri, via Great
Salt Lake City, to Carson Valley settlement, on
the eastern frontier of the State of California, and
for the establishment of military posts and the
sinking of wells thereupon, was read the second
time, and considered as m Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to appropriate $300,000, or so much
of that sum as may be necessary, for the con-
struction of a military road from some point in
the State of Missouri, to be determined by the
President of the United States, via Great Salt
Lake City, to Carson Valley settlement, on the
eastern frontier of California, and for the sinking
of wells on the route. The money is to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of
War, pursuant to contracts to be made by him.
Military posts are to be established through the
Indian country, wherever the President may
think it necessary, on the route of this road.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the State of
California, weary with importuning Congress for
many years to construct a Pacific railroad 
Mr. WELLER. If the Senator fiom New
York will allow me to interrupt him, I beg leave
to say to him that there are several Senators who
arc anxious to loave the Senate, and are desirous
to vote on this bill; but I have another bill for the
construction of a wagon road, which I propose
to call up some day next week, and I should like
the Senator, on that occasion, to give his views
at length, if it will suit him as well as now.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well.
Mr. WELLER. I allude to the bill providing
for the construction of a military road from El
Paso to Fort Yuma, and embracing all the ques-
tions involved in this bill.
Mr. BR.ODHEAD. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from California, whether any estimates
have been made, and whether, in his opinion, the
sum mentioned m the bill willbe sufficient to con-
struct the proposed road ?
Mr. WELLER. All I can say in answer to
that question is, that I have consulted with the
head of the engineer department, who has charge
of all these military roads, as well as the Pa-
cific railroad, and from him I learn that this
amount will be amply sufficient to do all the grad-
ing, bridging, and sinking of wells necessary to
make it a complete military road. At all events,
I pledge myself thus far: that I will never ask for
another appropriation for the construction of the
road which this bill proposes, because in my judg-
ment §300,000 will be amply sufficient to make it
one of the best natural roads in America. There
is peihups about tlnee fourths of the route over
which we propose to locate this road, that is now
the best natural road to be found in the United
States. All that is necessary, therefore, is, that
there should be a certain amount of bridging and
a certain amount of grading through a portion of
the route, in order to make it a complete road.
Mr. CASS. I hope we shall take the question
at once, and pass the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment. It was ordered to be engrossed for
a third readin^and war read the third time.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. This is somewhat ©f
an important bill. I did not hear it distinctly,
and I should like to have it read again.
The bill was again read.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It really appears tome
that this is a subject worthy of some little more
consideration, arid some little more information.
I dislike to interpose in any measure which the
Senator thinks so necessary for the welfare of
his constituents. I feel, too, that it is important
to have communication with California; but I
canqot pronounce that this measure is expedient.
Mr. WELLER. This measure has been under
consideration before the Committee on Military
Affairs, and the bill has been reported by me as
the chairman of the Military Committee. We
had it under consideration there, and bestowed
on it all that reflection which we thought was
necessary.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am not censuring the
committee, but I cannot release myself from the
obligations on me. I must understand measures
before I vote for them, particularly when the
proposition is one costing so much money as this.
The bill was passed.
HILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had approved and signed
the following bills, which originated in the Sen-
ate:
An act changing the time of holding the dis-
trict courts of the United States at Wytheville,
in the western district of Vnginia;
An act making appropriations for the payment
of certain claims; and
An act to change the place of holding the
courts of the United States in the district of Del-
aware.
SUGAR PLANTING INTEREST.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a joint resolution which
has been prepared under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and has received his sanc-
tion, for an object which I will explain very
briefly.
The sugar crop of Louisiana for several years
past has fallen off from four hundred and sixty
thousand or four hundred and seventy thousand
hogsheads of product, to probably this year not
more than one hundred and twenty thousand.
One cause which gives rise to very great appre-
hension on the part of the planters of Louisiana
is the supposed deterioration of the cane. The
cane cannot be planted from seed; but the cane
itself must be planted, and the plant germinates
from the eyes of the cane. It is necessary to in-
troduce new plants; and in order to do that con-
veniently, it is necessary that vessels should be
allowed to proceed at once to the plantations
where the canes are to be planted, so as to avoid
the injury resulting from frequent handling, which
destroys the eyes of the cane. The Secretary of
the Treasury is willing to allow vessels to pro-
ceed directly to the plantations, without unload-
ing at New Orleans, but he has no authority of
himself to do so. At my instance, he has drawn
up a joint resolution to accomplish this object,
and as it will cost nothing to the Treasury, and
will not impair the revenue, I ask for immediate
action on it.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce the joint resolution (S. R. No. 25) for
the relief of the sugar planters of Louisiana; and
it was read the first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it proposed to act on the
resolution at once?
Mr. SLIDELL. Yes, sir; and I will state
briefly what it is. It has the sanction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, as is shown by the fol-
lowing letter:
Treasury Department, June 24, 1856.
Sir: Referring to youi communication of the 13th in-
stant. X have the honor to inclose heiewuh the draft of a
£t joint resolution lor the ich^f of the tmgar planters of
Louisiana,'7 which, it is believed, will meet the object you
have m view.
I have the honor to be your obedient hcivant,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. John Slidell,
United Stales Senate, TVashinglont D. C.
Its object is to allow vessels, without stopping,
to proceed at once to transfer cargoes o£ sugar
cane to the plantations whore they are to be used.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was read the second time, and considered aa in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to author-
ize the collector at New Orleans, under regula-*
tions to be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, to allow vessels wholly laden with
sugar cane imported and entered at that port, to
be used as seed, to proceed without breaking bulk
to the plantations on the navigable waters of
Louisiana, to which the cargoes may be destined.
The collector is, however, to designate an inspect-
or to accompany the vessel to her destination,
whose compensation is to be paid by the im-
porters.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLIDELL. In connection with the same,
I ask permission to present a resolution of in^
quiry, which I hope may also be considered at
once:
Resolved. That the Committee on Agriculture be in-
structed to Inquire into the expediency of making a specific
appropriation for the importation of seed sugar cane foi
gratuitous distiibution to the sugar planters of the United
States.
I will state tha£ in my applications to the Secre-
tary of the Navy, the Secretary of the Interior,
and the Secretary of the Treasury, I found great
alacrity on their part to do everything that was
possible to accomplish what they considered so
desirable an object to this important agricultural
interest of Louisiana. In connection with this
resolution, I beg leave to submit letters from the
Navy Department and the Patent Oificc, which I
propose to refer with this resolution to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture. I believe that committee
is not overburdened with business, and I trust
this subject will meet its early attention. The
letter from the head of the Navy Department is
as follows:
Navy Department, June 24,185&.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
communication of the 12thin&tarit, m which you advise me
ol the serious appiehensions entertained by many sugar
planters in Louisiana of the deterioration of the cane now
planted, and make the suggestion that possibly our ships of
war might, without inconvenience or detriment to the pub-
lic service, render essential aid to this important branch of
agricultuial industry.
Be a.-^uied, sn, that I partake of the interest you mani-
fest in. contributing in eveiy proper way to the advancement
of this branch ol agucultutal pui-nut.
Thy naval squadions can, without the slightest prejudice
to the usually pi<- cubed duties, aid agiiculture much in
acquiring piacucal information, and bringing to their own
country plants and seeds easily procured in their cruises,
which now extend over a large pait of the globe.
• Specimens of the sugar cane have in one or two instan-
ces to my knowledge, been brought home in our national
vessels, but, unfortunately, on examination, it was found'
that the cane was not sufficiently protected and cared for
during a long voyage through varying climates to preserve it.
I propose, dunng the present week, to issue instructions
to the commandants at certain stations, to make exertion
to procure specimens of the cane, with pioper directions for
preserving them from injury dunng the voyage.
1 am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. C. DOBBIN.
Hon. John Sudell, United States Senate.
I have received from the Patent Office this com-
munication:
United States Patent Office, June 17,1856.
Dear Sir : In answer to your inquiries relative to the
best mode of introducing a Iresh supply of the cuttings of
the sugar cane into the southern poitions of the United
States, I would reply that I know of no more feasible and
evpediuous way than bringing them from Brazil, British
Guinea, oi the Spanish Mam, m some of oui vessels of war,
which may be returning from that coast, procured, packed,
and imported, ducctly under the ?>upeivision of a suitable
person, who should be pioperly instructed on the subject
before he leaves this country. The points the most access-
ible, and where the cane giows to the gieatest perfection,
are Bahia, Demerara, and Laguira. Due regard should be
paid to the period of giowth of the cuttmgs, the parts of tiie
plants fiom which they are taken, and the season and
places at which they are to arrive m the States.
In reference to the mode of packing, the cutting^ may be
brought in a growing condition in "waidian" cases, or
they may be put up in moistened moss in tin cases hermet-
ically soldered or sealed. As to the mode of thus packing
them, it could not be well described by written instructions,
and. therefore, can only be explained in person by one
practically acquainted with the business.
I think theie would be no advantage gamed by attempt-
ing to introducSkthe cuttmgs from India, or any of the ad-
jacent countries or isles, as I understand that the canes of
these regions, in general,are quite as detective, or diseased,
as on this continent, which lias been attubuted to continued
propagation fiom cuttings taken from near the loots ot the
plants, and an annual succession of crops trom the same
land. I fear that s-uch has. been the cau^e, to &ome extent,
of the failure of the crops in nur southern States. The
evil can only be remedied by fresh supplies of healthy cut-
tings, and due legard paid to rotation, and a judicious ap-
plication of suitable manures.
Should it he required of Congress to import the quantity-
of canes you propose, it will afford rae>pleasur«y at any
