I860.]
APJWDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
749
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wade.
Senate.
works, and upon which the appropriation was
based, were submitted by responsible ofEccrs9
acting with the sanction of the Executive, and it
is to reverse the natural order of things to charge
the failure to a compliance with the recommend-
ation.
But, sir, one would think that, even if an exca-
vation increasing the depth of water to twelve
feet, were not sufficient for the passage of all ves-
sels of war, it would be useful to many of them,
as it certainly would be so to tha armed steamer
Michigan, now in commission upon the upper
lakes; and even the heaviest ships, which will ever
beemployed there, will find relief by this increased
channel, as the time, and labor, and expense of
lightening them over this impediment would be
essentially reduced. And even in this point of
view the measure might be an important precau-
tionary one.
As to the proper size of the largest class of
armed vessels to be employed upon the lakes it is
a question of some difficulty. A depth of water
of twelve feet is quite as much as is found in the
harbors generally, and that circumstance will cer-
tainly operate to preventagTeatincrease of draft,
as otherwise places of refuge would be rare. JVo
supply of water is wanted in vessels upon the
lakes, and comparatively little fuel or provisions.
The burden is thus essentially diminished, and
a much heavier armament rendered practicable.
I do not believe we shall ever have a wax of ship
carpenters in that region, as we had on Lake
Ontario in 1813 and 1814, when the parties ad-
vanced or retired alternately, as"each felt itself
strengthened by the possession of anew ship, or
rendered inferior by the good luck of its oppo-
nent in the work of construction.
I observe that Colonel Graham, in some excel- ;
lent remarks in his report upon the importance of
the improvement of the flats of the St. Clair and
St. Mary's rivers, in relation to the naval opera-
tions, considers that war steamers of twelve feet,
draft are as large aa will ever be employed upon
the lakes. .
As to the filling up of the channel, aa foretold
by the President, it may be so, though such has
not heretofore been the calculation of the engi-
neers. But it cannot be filled up, so as to become
as difficult to be cleared out, as it was originally
to be opened. The bed of the river, where this
obstruction is found, is a tenacious clay, which
has undergone.no change within the memory of
man. A violent wind blowing from the small
Lake St. Clair may, perhaps, bring sand into the
excavation, and reduce the draft of water; but
the inconvenience, should it occur, will be a slight
one. Hie accumulated sand could be easily re-
moved; and piles, properly driven, would protect
the work frost this inconvenience. I here leave
this reason for the President's veto, founded on
the mo-le of constructing the improvement, and
which takes the place of constitutional objec-
tions.
I desire now, sir, to exhibit the nature of this
obstruction in the St, CIai{, and its effect upon
the commerce and. navigation of the country.
The necessary information is to be found in
the interesting report of ColoneL£rraham, of the
topographical corps, a copy of which has been,
laid on our tables. He has been assigned to duty
upon the upper lakes, and is an officer of great
worth and.experience. By his zealous and. well-
directed inquiries he has collected a great mass
of information, bearing not only upon this work,
but forming a valuable contribution to our knowl-
edge of the statistics of the country. .His state-
ments are not merely conjectural, but official,
being- the result of the examination of each cus-
tom-house; and they exhibit the various articles,
their value, and the places whence sent aqd where,
destined:
Total value of merchandise and agricultural produce known
to have passed over the St. Clair. flats during the two
hnndred afld thirty days of navigation in
1855. 4(261,167,705 87
Or per day, during the season of navigation, 1,093,033 50
Value of the American vessels trading over
the St. Clair flat*.  8,$53,750 00
Value of fiei#)t  14,313,106 00
Estimated increase of the amount of freight
occasioned by the obstruction of tile fiats, 2,064^76 00
The enormous extent-of the commerce over
these flats is shown by these statements. It
nearly equal* in value, an*, h&l/ of the foreign
commerce of the United States. The actual loss
by increase of freight is estimated at more than
two millionsof dollars. But the delay and injury
and derangement of the business of the country
add greatly to this loss. Bills are drawn upon
cargoes of wheat, when they are shipped; ana if
they fail to arrive within the appointed time, these
bills are liable to be protested, and great inconve-
nience is the result. The whole business com-
munity feel the effect of these detentions. There
are less than nine feet of water on the flats, and
in the alternations' of elevation and depression
which often take place, though not periodically,
thai draft will become still less. Vessels have to
be lighted over the flats, and steam-tugs and small
craft are in constant employment to aid the pas-
sage. The channel is very narrow; so that when
a vessel gets aground there is a total obstruction,
and no other can pass until the first is removed.
1 have just received a letter from one of the most
experienced and intelligent officers of the Navy,
describing the crowded assemblage of vessels he
has seen waiting a passage over these flats. One
hundred and twenty-seven have been counted to-
gether, and instances have occurred of a delay of
four months. The average daily detention is
about seventy-five. There are not less than thir-
teen thousand passages in the course of a year.
And these fact3 sufficiently indicate the loss aris-
ing from this impediment to the navigation.
The St. Mary s is a channel of communication,
which presents the-same general character as the
St. Clair. It leads, to Lake Superior, but it is
obstructed by flats, which require to be opened
in order that the wants of the growing commerce
may be accommodated. Its other great natural
impediment, the falls or rapids at the Sault Ste."
Marie, has given way before the magnificent canal
which h*  been constructed. The canal is twelve
feet deep, abouta mile in length, and one hundred
feet wide. It has two locks each three hundred
and fifty feet long, with massive walls of twenty-
five feet. The whole work is built ii> the most
faithful and substantial manner, and it has been
sufficiently tested to prove its security and dura-
bility. It is just one year since it was opened. I
was among those, who had the good fortune to be
on board the first steamer that passed through
it—and a most interesting event it was for me to
enter Lake Superior by means of this triumph
of human skill and industry, and to sail over its
broad expanse by means of another. I had trav-
ersed its mighty waters, years gone-by, in that
njost fragile of all vehicles, an Indian birch canoe,
exposed to its alternations of storm and of calm.
Everything reposed in the. solitary magnificence
of nature. Not & keel plowed its surface; not
a civilized mai* had fixed his residence upon its
borders, A few Indians,and a few animals sup-
plying their wants, were all the signs of life the
traveler encountered. But all this is ehanged.
A new chapter has opened in the history of that
country. The white man is there, with his energy,
his industry, and his ceaseless activity; and he is
opening farms and building towns and villages*
converting the wilderness into, the abode of civ-
ilization. and Christianity, with churches and
school-houses,, and whatever else is necessary to
human improvement, and penetrating the bowels
of the earth and laying bare its hidden treasure®.
Tha country upon Lake Superior is one of the.
richest mineral regions in-the world. Its pro-
digious resources of copper, and of iron, of the
most superior quality, are only beginning to be
known, but they are already assuming a national
importance. And yet it seems but the other day
since an insulated mass of copper upon the On-
tonagon, which I sought in vain to find, but which <
had become known through the reports of the
Indians, to whom it was a Manitou, and is now
in the open space between the buildings of the
War and Navy Departments, was the principal
evidence we had of the treasures hidden in the
earth. Every day they are more and more devel-
oped, and the most sanguine expectation, seems
destined to be overcome by the result.
I have said, that this- region is but in its in-
fancy, and accurate information cannot be ob-
tained of its productions and commerce; and such
is the rate of its increase,that the past forms no
measure for the estimate of the future.
it is estimated that last year the tonnage, cal-
culating each passage, was equal to two hundred
thousand tons; and that the value of the vessels
employed was at least five hundred thousand
dollars.
The exports from the Lake Superior region
for 1855, consisting of copper, iron, fish, and
furs, nearly equaled two millions of dollars; and
will, this year, probably, reach or exceed' three
millions of dollars; and adding the same amount
for the imports, we have six millions of dollars
fbr the trade of this year. And looking to the
character and the increase of the population, and
to the productions and advantages of the country,
we may anticipate the rapid augmentation of its
business and wealth.
ADMISSION OP KANSAS,
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
Wednesday, July 2, 1856.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 356) to authorize the peo-
ple of the Territory of Kansas to form a Constitution and
State Government preparatory to their admission into the
Union on an equal footing with the original States, the
pending question being on the amendment of Mr. Adams
to strike out of the clause prescribing the qualifications of
voters for election of delegates to a constitutional con-
vention, in the eleventh section, after the words, " citizen
of the United States," the words, "including all persons
who shall have filed their declaration of intention to become
such in compliance with the naturalization laws of the
United States."
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose, at this time, to go into any very elaborate
j discussion, of the questions presented to us,by this
j bill. That hew already been most ably performed
! by Senators much more capable to do justice to
it than I can pretend to be. They have said all
that seems necessary to be said in regard to it.
I come before the Senate to-day as a Republi-
can, or, as some prefer to call me, a Black Repub-
lican; for I do not object tcf heterm; I care nothing
about the name. I come here especially as the
advocate of liberty instead of slavery. I remem-
ber that, when the debate on this subject wis
opened at the present session, the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Toucey] uttered a sentiment
which I most heartily approve; he said that h >
knew nothing more contemptible and despicable
than the spectacle of a man claiming rights for
himself wnicb he refused- to award to others.
Sir, I will never, claim for myself a right which
1 am not perfectly willing to award to my fellow-.
man. But, although I approve this sentiment of
the Senator from Connecticut, I-do not approve
his application of the principle; for he seemed
inclined to circumscribe the noble sentiment to
very narrow limits.
I do not understand that, in laying down this .
proposition, I claim anything more than was
claimed by the founders of this Republic. I am
not the advocate of any new doctrine. I stand
upon the principles of the fathers of our Consti-
tution. I intend U> claim no more than I under-
stand they claimed, not for any particular class
of men, but for all mankind, according to the
principles laid down in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. In saying this, however, I do not
intend to ignore the obligations embraced within
the fair.seope of the Constitution, as understood
and administered by those who framed it. While
I claim to bea Republican, I am not a negro-
worahiper, as we are sneeringly called, and still
> less am I a worshiper of those who claim do- -
minion over negroes.
Sir, I am no sycophant or worshiper of power
anywhere. I know how easy it is for soma
minds to glide along with the current of popular
opinion, where influence, respectability, and all:
those motives which tend to seduce the human
heart, ana brought to bear. I am not unconscious
of the persuasive power exerted by these consid-
erations to drag men along in that current; but I
am not at liberty to travel that,easy road. I am
not unaware how unpopular on this floor are the
sentiments which l am about to advocate. I well
understand the epithets to which they subject
their supporters i Every man who ha been in this
