760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 27,
lories. I object to their occupying the time of
the House. . __
The SPEAKER. Debate is not m order. The
Chair did not decide whether the yeas and nays
can be ordered on seconding the call for the pre-
vious question. The Chair makes no decision
on that point. The gentleman from Georgia calls
for the yeas and nays on the question of recon-
sidering the action of the House in seconding the
call for the previous question. No objection being
made, and no question of order being raised, the
Chair has allowed the yeas and nays to be de-
manded, and the House has seconded the call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. KEITT. I object. I raise the question
of order.
Mr. SNEED. I objected some time ago.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from Tennessee as objecting.
Mr. SNEED. Well, I object now.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is too late for the gentle-
man to object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Alabama,
that the objection of the gentleman from Tennes-
see is too late.
Mr. PHELPS. I submit a motion to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table; and on that I
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. KEITT. Now I object.
Mr. HAVEN Would that motion carry the
whole subject with it and lay it on the table?
The SPEAKER. It carries to the table the
question of reconsideration.
Mr. KEITT. I raise a question of order on
the motion made by the gentleman from Mis-
souri.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no difficulty
in deciding that the yeas and nays may be taken
on the motion to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Then I understand
the decision of the Chair to be, that the question
on the motion to lay on the table can be taken by
yeas and nays, and that on the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the previous question
was seconded, the yeas and nays would not be in
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not decided
that.
Mr. COBB. And the Chair has not decided
whether or not the yeas and nays are in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I object to these interroga-
tories. If the gentleman wants information, let
him refer to the books.
Mr. COBB. I will never go to that source
[Mr. Giddtngs] for information on any subject.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw the motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. MACE. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the yeas and nays were ordered on the mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. LETCHER. Now, I move to lay>that
motion on the table.
Mr. PHELPS. I submit a point of order. I
understand that the gentleman from Indiana has
submitted a motion to reconsider the vote by
which the yeas and nays were ordered; I make
the point of order that the motion is not in order
because one fifth of a quorum may order the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
question of order as it is raised 
Mr. MACE, (interrupting.) I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. GROW. Does the motion to lay on the
table the motion to reconsider dispose of the
questions of order?
The SPEAKER. It carries with it the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. GROW. Then I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania is, that the motion to
reconsider, made by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Chaffee,] be laid on the table.
In answer to inquiries, the Chair understands that
that takes with it the subjects that have arisen
from that question.
Mr. SEWARD. I understand that the ques-
tion now pending is upon the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the House ordered the
•' yeas and nays. The confusion around me is so
great that I could not well understand the state-
ment of the Chair.
The SPEAKER'. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Chaffee] moved to reconsider
the vote by which the demand for the previous
question was seconded. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania moves to lay that motion upon the
table. The question is upon that motion.
Mr. GROW. I thought a motion of the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] was pending.
The gentleman made a motion to reconsider, as
I understood him, and I thought I was moving to
lay that motion on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
motion of the gentleman from Georgia to have
been withdrawn.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to know by what
means the floor has been taken away from me ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
was not entitled to the floor. The gentleman
put a question to the Chair, to which the Chair
responded.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir, I will put this
question to the Chair. The motion to reconsider
tie vote by which the demand for the previous
question was seconded has been made, and another
motion to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table has been made. Now, I want to know if
the motion to rcconsider is laid on the table, and
the House refuses to order the main question, in
what condition the House will find itself?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer the
interrogatory of the gentleman, if the circum-
stances which he supposes may happen shall
arise. The Chaircannot anticipate the action of
the House. The question is upon the motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to lay on the
table the motion to reconsider.
Mr. GROW. If my motion is to lay on the
table the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Chaffee,] I will withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. That is the motion.
Mr. GROW. I thought there was a motion
of the gentleman from Georgia still pending. I
withdraw tke motion to lay on the table.
Mr. CA^pPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now in
order.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table, and upon that I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. WALKER. There has been so much con-
fusion around me that it is impossible to under-
stand the question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state it. The
business before the House stands in this form.
The House, by its action in the session of yester-
day, seconded the call for the previous question.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Chaf-
fee] moved to reconsider the vote by which the
call for the previous question was seconded; upon
which the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb]
demanded the yeas and nays. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] now moves to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table, and demands
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SNEED. If it be in order, I object to
the yeas and nays being ordered upon the mo
tion.
The SPEAKER. It is in order for the House
to refuse the yeas and nays; but not in order for
the gentleman to object.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Letcher's
motion; and resulted—yeas 82, nays 81; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barbour, Barclay, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Miss, liocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks,
Burnett, Cadwalader. John P. Campbell, Caruthers, Cas-
kie, Bayard Claik, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson
11. W. Cobb, Colfax, Ciaige, Crawford, Davidson, Day,
Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Elliott, English, Etheridge,
Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Granger,
Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Hatris,
Herbert, Thomas E. Horton, Houston, Hughston, George
W. Jones, J. Giancy Jones, Keitt, Kidwell, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Maee, Samuel S. Maishall. Maxwell, McMulhn,
McQueen, Meaeham, Smith Milter, Millson, Mott, Nichols,
Andrew Oliver, Orr, 1'eck, Phelps, Powell, Qiutm.ni, Kuf-
fin, Rust, Savage, Seward, Shoitcr, Spinner, Stanton,
Stewart, Talbott.Tvson, Wade, Warner. Kllilm B. Wasli-
burne, Watson, Win Mow, and John V. Wuglit—tfcJ.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ball, Benson, jlillmghurst,
Broom, Buflinton, Burlmgame, lames II. Campbell, Lewis
0. Campbell, Carlile, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson,
Comins, Cox, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy
Davis, Dick, Durfee, Edwards, Emrie, Eustis, Evans,
Flagler, Giddmgs, Gilbert^ Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Mor-
rison Harris, Haven, Hoffman, Valentine B. Horton, Kel-
sey, Kennett, King, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Lind-
Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pringle, Puryear,
Reade, Ready, Kieaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Scott, Simmons, William R. Smith, Sneed, Tappan,
Todd, Trafton, Trippe, Talk, Walbridge, Waldron, Israel
Washburn, Whitney, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zolli-
coffer—81.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the nega-
tive; and the motion to lay on the table is there-
fore not agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. HOWARD stated that he had paired off,
for to-day and to-morrow, with Mr. Oliver, of
Missouri.
Mr. NORTON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Harris, of Illinois, for this vote.
Mr. WALKER stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Richardson for this vote. /
The question then recurred upon the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the previous ques-
tion was seconded, upon which the yeas and nays
had been ordered; and being taken, it was de-
cided in the negative—yeaa 71, nays 86; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barbour, Benson, Billinghurst, Brad-
shaw, Broom, Buffinton, Burlingame, James H. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile, Chaffee, Bayard Clark, Ezra
Clark, Comins, Cox, Cragin, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis,
Timothy Davis, Dick, Edwards, Emrie, Etheridge, Eustis,
Evans, Gilbert, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris,
Haven, Hoffman, Valentine B. Horton, Knight, Knox,
Lake, Lindley, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall,
Moore, Norton, Parker, Pearce, Peltori, Pennington, Pike,
Porter, Pringle, Puryear, Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie,
Robbins, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Scott, William R. Smith,
Sneed, Stanton, Todd, Tratton, Trippe, Tyson, Valk, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Israel Washburn, Whitney, Woodruff,
and Zollicoffer—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Barclay, Bell, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Bliss, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Bur-
nett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Clmgman, Howell Cobb, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Coltax, Craige, Crawford, Cumback,
Davidson, Day, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, English, Faulk-
ner, Flagler, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddings,
Goode, Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Samp-
son W. Harris, Herbert, Thomas R. Horton, Houston,
Hughston, George W. Jones, J. Giancy Jones, Keitt, Iiel-
sey, Kidwell, King, Knowlton, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace,
Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell, McCaity, Mc-
Queen, Meachain, Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Millson,
Morgan, Mott, Nicliols, Orr, Peck, Perry, Phelps, Powell,
Quitman, Richardson, Ruffin,Rust, Seward, Shorter, Sim-
mons, Spinner, Stewart, Talbott, Wade, Warner, Ellihu
B. Washhurne, Watson, Wells, Wmslow, Woodworth,
and John V. Wiiglit—86.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote by
which the demand for the previous question was
seconded.
The SPEAKER. Inasmuch as the House, in
its session yesterday, seconded the demand for
the previous question, and refused to order that
the main question should be put, it is the duty of
the Chair, at the opening of the session this day,
to submit, again, the questipn, " Shall the mam
question be now put?"
Mr. PHELPS. Upon that question I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRIPPE. The situation of the question,
as I now understand it, is this: the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. H. Mar-
shall] is pending before the House to the bill
reported by the Committee for the District of
Columbia. Pendingthe discussion on thatamend-
ment, some gentleman moved to recommit the
bill, with instructions to report the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky. If the House
shall order the main question to be now put, the
question will then be first upon the motion to
recommit with instructions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
there are no instructions pending with the motion
to recommit. If the House shall order the main
question to be now put, the question will be firsi
upon the motion to recommit.
Mr. GOODE. If the motion to recommit be
voted down, the House will then be brought to a
direct vote upon the engrossment of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. First upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky, and then upon
the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The questionupon
which we are now about to vote, and upon which,
the yeas and nays have been ordered, is, u Shall
the main question be now put?"
The SPEAKER. That is the question,
