750
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wade.
Senate.
Hall for one hour knows the difference between
him who comes here as the defender and supporter
of the right of human nature and him who comes
as the vile sycophant and flatterer of those in
power. I know that the one road is easy; to
travel—the other is hard, perhaps at this time ;
perilous. Sir, I am not to be swayed by any of
these considerations. Taking the Constitution
for my guide—taking the principles of the fathers
of the Constitution as the polar star to direct me
in what I consider to be the path of duty, I shall
not swerve from it. We have reached a crisis in
our public affairs which demands the firmness,
the patriotism, and the manhood, of every lover
of his country.
Mr. Presiaent, in my judgment, since the form-
ation of the Constitution, there never was a time
more trying to the institutions of our fathers than
the present. If they can stand the pressure of
the present moment, there will be little fear of
what may happen hereafter. I may, perhaps, ;
magnify the importance of the present moment; j
I may not appreciate it rightly; but to me, this
appears to be the most solemn and most import-
ant of all the crises through which the Govern-
ment has ever gone. It is my desire to treat the
subject in accordance with these views of its im-
portance; hence I shall endeavor to restrain my
feelings to what is appropriate to the place and
the occasion. I shall endeavor to measure myself
to that unimpassioned manner,which, in my judg-
ment, this presence and this occasion require.
What are some of the circumstances under
which this question presents itself before us?
When I took my seat in this body, some five
years since, it was shortly after the enactment of
the famous compromise measures of 1850. On
the first day of the session, a Senator from Mis-
sissippi, not now a member of the Senate, (Mr.
Foote,) introduced a string of resolutions, which
were afterwards known as the finality resolutions,
asserting that the compromise measures of the
previous Congress were to be deemed and taken
Dy the American people to be a final settlement
and adjustment of tne difficult and dangerous
questions in dispute between the different sections
and different institutions of our common country.
It seemed to me, at the time, to be exceedingly
absurd to suppose that a resolution was para-
mount to a law of Congress, or that any addi-
tional safety could be obtained from the passage
of a mere sentiment confirmatory of a stubborn
act of legislation. Nevertheless, it was urged
upon this body with great eloquence and zeal,
from day to day, from week to week, and, I may
say, from month to month. Arguments were
employed in favor of those resolutions well cal-
culated to stir the blood—arouse the indignation—
of a man coming from my section of the Union.
Still, I was not provoked to utter a single syllable
on the subject, because 1 hoped that this dan-
gerous and difficult question was settled forever,
although I was opposed to the principles on
which it was settled. I thought it would be better
to let it alone, if we had indeed reached the end
of it. All those who acted with me then on this
side of the House, though constantly provoked,
never uttered a syllable in opposition to their
opponents, but permitted the debate to go on
without opposition. The advocates of the com-
promise measures had the discussion all their
own way; and yet—absurd as it may appear,
shameful and false as it was—we who sat by,
forbearing to say a word, were accused, from
time to time, as being aggressors and agitators
of this subject. I say it was a false accusation,
and made to arouse sectional strife and hatred;
and it has had its effect—it has too well answered
its object.
_ Shortly afterwards, in 1852, the great conven-
tions met in due season to select their candidates
for the Presidency, and to announce the principles
on which they would administer the Government.
The Democratic party placed their candidate, Mr.
Pierce, upon a platform denying the right to agi-
tate the question of slavery anywhere in tfie
United States. I believe the language was some-
thing like this: that the great Democratic party
would resist the agitation of this question in
Congress or out of Congress, or anywhere else.
Mark the expression: they would resist it. They
did not tall us how—whether by bludgeons in the
Senate, by pistols, by swords, or in what way
resistance was to be made; but nevertheless they
would in some manner resist, in Congress or out of
Congress; thus resolving to do that which was a
manifest violation of the first principles of the
Constitution of the United States. They had no
right to resist the agitation of any question in
Congress, because the Constitution of the United
States guaranties to every member of this body
the right to agitate any subject that he sees proper
to agitate which is connected with the adminis-
tration of the Government; and yet the great
Democratic party deliberately, in solemn coun-
cil, resolved that they would, in some way not
defined, resist any attempt to agitate this question.
Their convention, with their eyes open, with the
Constitution before them like a flaming sword,
esolved that they would resist the agitation of
his question in Congress; thus resolving to vio-
late and trample under foot the first principles of
the Constitution. They have repeated the same
thing in the new platform which they have got
up. They say they will resist the agitation here
—how, I do not know; how, I have no means of
knowing, only by what they have done. I do
not know but that some of us may be brought to
feel how it is that this constitutional right is to be
resisted here. They are, however, pledged at all
events to resist it, and I am as firmly pledged
here to stand by the Constitution and oppose all
attempts to trample it under foot. I will do so
at the hazard of whatever it may cost. I have
d weltupon this subject the more earnestly because
I fear that there is a systematic attempt to put
down the freedom of debate on the subject of
slavery.
But, Mr. President, we were told that a political
millennium was about to come; that those compro-
mise measures were to be a final settlement and
adjustment of all the difficult, dangerous, and del-
icate questions between the different sections of
the Union. Although I did not see fit then to inter-
pose and state to the Senate the opinions which I
entertained, I did not believe a political millennium
was so near at hand, for I could not help reflect-
ing that, in the providence of God, that which is
unjust cannot be permanent. If this were not
the case, he would cease to be the God of justice.
I did not believe you could establish a principle
that should stand forever upon a basis which was
wrong and unjust, and such as must meet the
disapprobation of a just man and of God. It is
impossible to make a finality of such a meas-
ure as that. Gentlemen will yet learn that all
nature is progressive, and that there is no finality
but God. Howevir gentlemen may dream over
the workmanship of their own hands, though they
may fix it to suit their own fancy and desires,
being based upon the grossest injustice, however
they may resolve and re-resolve what shall be a
finality, the Almighty will confound all their selfish
schemes, and they will still find that the finality
is as far off as ever.
Reflections like these brought my mind to the
conclusion that it was impossible that your finality
measures should ever be a finality. I did not
wish to agitate the subject. I could even wish,
as a lover of my country, that they might in some
measure be a finality. I knew that institutions
were prevailing in some parts of the country
which could not meet the approbation of a just
man. I say it here, because it is as well to speak
plainly what we know to be the facts. All just
men, all patriots, from the formation of the Con-
stitution to this moment, have looked forward to
the time when a certain institution which now
jeopardizes the very being of the Republic should
fee wiped out. Gentlemen may rise and tell me
that the founders of the Constitution were lovers
of injustice and slavery; they may preach until
doomsday that the fathers believed slavery to be
right; but it is a libel on them—it is a gross slan-
der upon their memories. There was not one of
those great men whose names are held sacred,
and are revered among the American people, who
did not treat it as a great stigma upon the Repub-
lic which they had formed; and they hoped in
their heart of hearts that the time would come, j
and come soon, when it would be blotted out for '
ever. Not to wish this^would make them fiends
instead of patriots. They did wish it, and not
only wished it, but they made use of q}l the means i
within the legitimate compass of their power to
accomplish it. Those whom we revere the most,
groaned and agonized in spirit when they found
that their endeavors to abolish this accursed in-
stitution could not, for some selfish reason, be at
once accomplished. There is no man that has
figured in this Republic, whose name I hold in
greater estimation than that of Thomas Jeffer-
son. He was the enemy of everything that was
unequal and unjust. He might have had unwar-
rantable aspiratidh for place, but, if so, it was a
weakness of human nature for which I can excuse
him. Some say that he used means for the attain-
ment of power which were not entirely proper.
This may have been the case—I know not. At
any rate, when he attained a position which gave
him the power to do right, there, was no man of
whom I know that ever labored with more disin-
terested zeal for the accomplishment of that which
I stand here to-day to advocate, than Thomas
Jefferson. I speak of him particularly, because
he was a resident of a slave State; was born in a
region where the institution prevailed with its
greatest force; was educated undoubtedly, as far
as a man could be educated, to believe it to be
right, and yet his clear sagacity foresaw that it
was all wrong, egregiously wrong. He predicted
more than seventy years before it took place, that
the Almighty would visit us with a heavy hand
because we willfully retained thife institution. His
prediction is true to-day, for the shadow of this
accursed institution is the only thing that crosses
the path of this, great Republic, and makes the
experiment of free government as yet a problem.
If this were out of the way—if there were no sla-
very on either side of Mason and Dixon's line,
what would there be to disturb the anticipations
of any patriot ? But for this, it is clear the Union
of these States, founded upon the great principles
of equality, justice, and republicanism, might en-
dure forever; but to-day a dark cloud intervenes
and obstructs the horizon. Whether it will soon
pass away I canot tell.
I have said, Mr. President, that I rose to ad-
dress the Senate at this time under circumstances
more disastrous,more gloomy, more fraught with
apprehension to our glorious Republic, than ever
before existed since its foundation. Was there
ever before a time when one section of the Union
was warring against the other with such acrimony
as now.
I ask any gentleman to tell me who it was in
the olden times, in the better days of our Repub-
lic, that rose up as the advocate of eternal chains
and slavery to any class of the human race. His
name is not to be found upon the record of those
great men who made their impress on our Con-
stitution. It was left for later and smaller men
to believe that your "peculiar institution" was
divine, that it had its root in the eternal fitness
of things, and was to endure forever. It was
reserved for smaller men, at a later period, when
the Republic became more corrupt than for-
merly, to introduce into the nation this nefarious
doctrine. If it is to continue, farewell to the
workmanship of those great men who formed
our Constitution and Union.
Formerly we were told that the rights of the
States were to be respected; that this institution
existed by virtue of the authority of the States
wherein it was tolerated; that the General Gov-
ernment had nothing to do with it. The cry waa,
" Hands off! The General Government has no-
thing to do with slavery.'' What do we see now ?
You are called upon to forget all other interests,
and to go forward with zeal to the protection, the
spread, and the perpetuity of this institution.
An entire change seems to have taken place. If
'this institution were confined to the States which
tolerate it, I would say that 1 have no more to do
with it in a State of this Union than in Algiers,
in Russia, or in Turkey, or anywhere else. In
general, I deplore the tyranny and oppression of •
men everywhere; but it is not for me to redress
their injuries within those jurisdictions where I
am deprived of the right of using an influence.
When it is sought to introduce it into Territories
under the jurisdiction of the GeneralGovernment,
you make me responsible for it. When you ask
my vote to endeavor to carry your institution into
free Territories where it does not exist—where it
is within the entire control of the General Got-
