1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
Mr. JONES. If that question be carried in
the affirmative, the next question to be taken will
be upon the motion to recommit.
The SPEAKER.. That will be the first ques-
tion; and if decided in the negative, the question
will then arise upon the amendment, and next
upon the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. My recollection is,
that the motion to recommit, which is now pend-
ing, was made by the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Meacham.] The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell,] however, moved to amend by
adding, with instructions to report the amend-
ment offered by myself.
The SPEAKER. If that was the motion made,
the instructions would be now pending. But the
Chair understands, from the Clerk, that no motion
to recommit with instructions is entered upon
the Journal.
Mr. MARSHALL. That motion was cer-
tainly made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the motion is
not before the House, I object to its being re-
ceived.
Mr. MEACHAM. I made the motion to re-
commit, not because I desired that the bill should
be referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, but to save it from going to the
Speaker's table, and for that purpose only. I
made the motion first in the morning; and the
gentleman from Ohio, as the gentleman from Ken-
tucky states, did move to amend by adding the
instructions which have been indicated. At the
request of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Go ode,] I withdrew the motion; but as the bill
did not pass, I subsequently renewed the motion,
and the amendment was not again moved.
The SPEAKER. Then the Journal is correct
in making the motion to recommit appear with-
out the instructions.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I was not aware
of the fact suggested by the gentleman from Ver-
mont. I certainly did move to amend his motion
to recommit by adding instructions.
Mr. MEACHAM. That was in the morning.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think that nothing in the
reported proceedings shows the motion to have
been withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
facts as they occurred.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the main ques-
tion is now ordered to be put, the very next
question will be upon the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, will it not ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman will then have a
vote upon his amendment. I supposed the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, to recommit
with instructions, was made out of fear that if
the motion to recommit should prevail, the com-
mittee would report back the bill without the
amendment, as was done by another committee
on a former occasion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
facts as they occurred. The gentleman from
Vermont moved to recommit the bill to the com-
mittee which reported it; and the gentleman from
Ohio moved to amend by adding instructions to
report the pending amendment. Subsequently
the gentleman from Vermont withdrew the mo-
tion to recommit. But at the moment of the ad-
journment, the gentleman from Vermont stated
that he had withdrawn the motion to recommit
under a total misapprehension of the facts of the
case, and asked leave of the House to have the
motion again entered for the purpose of keeping
the bill before the House. Upon the intercession
of the Chair the motion was allowed, by unani-
mous consent, to be entered after the demand for
the previous question had been sustained. But
the instructions were not renewed, and do not
appear upon the Journal.
Mr. C AMPB ELL. I hope the House will not
order the main question to be put.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
Mr. STANTON. What will be the effect of
the House refusing to order the main question
to be put? Will the whole matter go over?
The SPEAKER. Under the decision of the
Chair yesterday, and in accordance with the uni-
form practice of the House—though the Chair
would not make that decision as an original ques-
tion—if the House refuses to order the main
question to be now put, the Chaii will again
submit the same question to the House at the
opening of its session to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And it will not be
in order to again move a reconsideration of the
seconding the eall for the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. TRIPPE. If the House order the main
question to be now put—which will be on the
motion of the chairman of the Committee for the
District of Columbia to recommit—and the mo-
tion to recommit is voted down, will not the bill
and amendments stand as though none of these
proceedings had taken place ?
The SPEAKER. Exactly so; and the first
question will be on the amendments of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. H. Marshall.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. We are in
this fix: the previous question was called and re-
ceived a second by a majority vote. The House
failed then to order the main question to be now
put; under the ruling of the Chair, the question
then went over until to-day. To-day there has
been a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the second was given to the call for the previous
question. That motion was voted down. Conse-
quently no further motion to reconsider can be
made. The result is that if the main question is
not ordered now, the question goes over until to-
morrow; and it will go over from day to day, so
long as the House refuses to order the main ques-
tion to be now put. There can be no further
reconsideration, and no further amendment, and
in no possible contingency can there be any more
debate.
The SPEAKER. So the Chair has stated.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Then I move to
lay the whole subject upon the table.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. As the gentleman from
Maine has been allowed to state the question at
length 
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order;
but if there be unanimous consent the gentleman
can procced.
Mr. NICHOLS. I object to debate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I insist on my motion to
lay upon the table.
Mr. GOODE. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
69, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison", Ball, BradshaW, Broom, Btiffin-
ton, Burlingame, James H. Campbell, John P. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile, Chaffee, Bayard Clark, Ezra
Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Cox, Cragin, Damrell,
Henry Winter Davis, Durfee, Edwards, Emrie, Etheridge,
Eustis, Evans, Flagler, Gilbert, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
J. Morrison Harris, Haven, Hoffman, Valentine B. Horton,
Kennett, King, Knight, Knox, Lake, Lmdley, Matteson.
Moore, Morgan, Norton, Parker, Peaice, Pringlc, Puryear.
Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie,"Itobbins, Sabin, Sage, Sapp
Scott, Simmons, Sneed, Tappan, Todd, Trafton, Tyson,
Valk, Waldron, Walker, Israel Washburn, Whitney, and
Zolhcoffer—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Barbour, Barclay, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Benson, Billmgliurst, Bliss, Bocock, Bowie,
Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwaliader, Caskie,
Clingman, Howell Cobb. Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige,
Crawford, Davidson, Timothy Davis, Day, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Dowdell, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddings, Goodfi, Greenwood, Grow,
Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Herbert,Thomas R. Horton, Houston, I-Iughston, George W.
Jones, J. GlancyJones, Keitt, Kelsey, Kidweli, Knowlton,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeCarty, McMullin, McQueen,
Meacham, Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Mott,
Nichols, Orr, Peek, Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Powell,
Quitman. Richardson, Ruflin, Rust, Savage, Seward, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stewart, Talbott, Trippe,
Underwood, Wade, Warner, Ellihu B. Washburne, Wat-
son, Wells, Winslow, Woodruff, Woodworth, and John V.
Wright—94.
So the House refused to lay the subject upon
the table.
Pending the above call,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said: Mr.
Speaker, the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburne] is detained at home by illness, and
he has requested me to state, that if he were pre-
sent he would vote for the bill as it came from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
against the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs,
" Shall the main question be nowputr" The yeas
and nays have been ordered on that question.
Mr. WALKER. If the House refuse to order
the main question to be now put, will the ques-
tion go over until to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. That will be the effect under
the practice of the House.
Mr. MARSHALL. What does the Speaker
decide?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has made no
decision. The gentleman from Alabama inquired
in reference to the effect of a refusal to order the
main question. The Chair replied that, tUider the
practice of the House, the effect of a refusal to
order the main question to be now put would ba
to set this matter over until to-morrow.
Mr. MARSHALL. When the Chair makes
a decision to that effect I wish to be understood
as taking an appeal from it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair makes no decis-
ion of the question at this time.
The Clerk proceeded with the call of the roll.
Mr. COMINS. If the House refuse to order
the main question to be now put, can a motion
be then made to reconsider the vote by which
the call for the previous question received a
second?
Mr. CLINGMAN. The call of the roll is
being proceeded with, and until it is completed I
object to all inquiries.
The question was taken on ordering the main
question to be now put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 93, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barbour, Barclay, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Benson, BiUinghurst, Bliss, Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Brooks, Buffinton, Burnett, Cadwalader,Caruthers,
Caskie, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Colfax, Craitc, Crawford, Davidson, Day, Dodd, Dowdell,
Emrie, English, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Gilbeit, Goode, Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Augus-
tus Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Thomas R. Horton, Houston,
Ilughston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelsey,
Kidweli, Knowlton, Letcher, Lumpkm, Mace, Maxwell,
McMullin, McQueen, Meacham, Smith Miller, Mott,
Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Parker, Peck, Perry, Phelps,
Powell, Quitman, Richardson, Ruffin, Rust, Sabin, Savage,
Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
Stewart, Talbott, Tappan, Wade, Walbridge, Warner,
Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Wells,
Winslow, Woodworth, and John V. Wright—93.
NAYS-—Messrs. Allison, Ball, Bradshaw, Broom, Bur-
lingame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile,
Bayard Clark, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Comins, Cox, Cragin,
Damrell, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Dickson,
Durfeo, Edwards, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Robert B Hall,
Haven, Hoffman, Valentine B. Hoiton, Kennett, King,
Knight, Knox, Lake, Lindley, Humphrey Marshall, Matte-
son, McCaity, Killian Miller, Mootc, Morgan, Pearce, Pel-
ton, Pettit, Pringle, Puiyear, Reade, Ricaud, Ritchie, Rob-
bing, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Simmons, William R. Smith,
Sneed, Todd, Trafton, Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Wald-
ron, Walker, Whitney, Woodruff, and Zollicoffer—64.
So the main question was ordered to be now
put.
Pending the above call,
Mr. ELLIOTT stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Campbell, of Kentucky.
Mr. NORTON stated that his colleague [Mr.
Marshall, of Illinois,] had been forced to leave
the Hall on account of indisposition, and that he
had paired off with him on all votes to be taken
during the day.
Mr. KEITT stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Chaffee.
Mr. MEACHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered to be
now put, and also moved that that motion be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DICK. Is it in order to move an amend-
ment at this time ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I move that there be a
call of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That motion is
not in order.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. ORR. demanded the yeas and nays, but
subsequently withdrew the demand.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Is it in order to
move to lay the bill upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that it is not in order to move to lay the bill upon
the table whilst it is in the same stage in which
the same motion was voted down. _
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. There
has been intervening business since the motion to
lay the bill upon the table was voted down.
The SPEAKER. That will not justify the
repetition of a motion to lay upon th@ table#
