1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1487
The SPEAKER. It is hardJy a question for
the Chair to answer in the House.
Mr. DUNN. 'It is very certain, I would re-
mark to the gentleman from Ohio, that precisely
that thing was done for the purpose of getting
at the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and I am sure
that 
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) Does the
gentleman from Indiana propose that I shall fol-
low ^ the example of that which, as I believe,was
in violation of the rules, and which forced that
bill upon the House ? If the purpose of the
motion is to place me in a position, either m the
Committee of the Whole, or in the House pro-
per, where I will be required to stultify the
record which I made against that Nebraska bill,
I tell the party that they have mistaken their
man, for I will,do no such thing.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Georgiasays
that if the bill goes into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union we may, under
the rules of the Hquse, take it up. What, sir, I
ask,is the condition of thebusinessof this House?
We all know that, on Monday of each week it
is in order to move to suspend the rules to intro-
duce resolutions, and to take bills from the
Speaker's table. The appropriation bills are all
masde special orders for Tuesday, Wednesday,
and Thursday of each week, until they shall have
been finally disposed of. And by a special res-
olution of the House, Fridays and Saturdays
are devoted to business from the Court of
Claims; so that you cannot, unless by a two-
thirds vote, and that on Mondays only, get rid of
the special orders. You cannot, in the Commit-
tee of the Whole, get lid of the special orders;
and if you put your bill, admitting Kansas into
the Union, into the Committee of the Whole, you
will find it weighed down, as was the case with
the Nebraska bill at onetime, with special orders,
and you will be unable to reach it. True, Mr.
Speaker, you may, in the Committee of the
Whole, when you will have reached the bill,
terminate the hour debate. You may do so in
the House. It is a privileged motion. But how
will you terminate the five-mmute debate? The
rule provides that each bill shall be read clause
by clause and section by section, for the purpose
of amendment. The peison introducing the
amendment has the right to speak to it five min-
utes, and any person opposing it has the right to
speak for five minutes against it. I assert that
your rules give your Committee of the Whole no
power to terminate the five-minute debate. If
the gentleman from Georgia knows of any rule
authorizing the House, without a change of its
rules, which require a two-thirds vote, to cut off
the five-minute debate, I woukfhke to have him
point to it now.
I asbert here that there is no such rule; that you
cannot, under the rules of the House, terminate
the five-minute debate in committee, even if you
could get rid of the special orders in committee,
for the purpose of taking it up. I know that,
under the lead of the gentleman from Georgia, it
was terminated upon the Nebraska bill. I shall
never forget that occasion, when, after we had
read the first section of the bill, and had proposed
such amendments to it as we believed to be proper,
when an amendment had been offered by the col-
league of the honorable gentleman from Geoigia,
proposing to give the Territorial Assembly of
Kansas the right to cxclude slavery from the Ter-
ritory, and when various similaramendments had
been offered and spoken to under the five-minute
rule, we adjourned one afternoon, while the first
section of the bill was still under consideration.
The next morning the gentleman from Georgia—
keen, shrewd, able in his tactics—discovered, as
he thought, a power under the rules to do—what?
To nullify and destroy the very principles upon
which the Committee of the Whole was instituted,
and upon which it is based, by striking out the
enacting clause of the bill. Having a majority,
they struck out the enacting clause of tne bill.
But what became of that other rule of the House
which requires that the Clerk shall read each bill
section by section, and clause by clause, for
amendment? Sir, by the motion of the gentle-
* man from Georgia, that rule became a dead letter.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will the gentleman allow
me a word ? The gentleman asks if there is any
rule of the House by which we can stop debate
and cut off amendments in committee ? I tell him
* yes. The rule expressly provides that a motion
to strike out the enacting clause of a bill shall take
precedence of a motion to amend, and it is the
right of any member to move a privileged ques-
tion in any deliberative body. The rule of the
House expressly provides that when a motion is
made to amend, and also a motion to strike out
the enacting clause, the motion to strike out the
enacting clause shall take precedence; that it shall
be first put, and shall cut off the motion to
amend.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, the only
correct rule of construing a law of any kind, is
j this: th'it when there are two provisions which
j seem to conflict, the one with the other, you shall
i give such construction, if possible, as will give .
| vitality to both. Now, sir, I hold that the rule j
j to which the gentleman refers, making the motion j
! to strike out the enacting clause of a bill a priv- I
| ileged question, is applicable," not to the Commit- !
1 tee of the Whole, but to the proceedings of the j
House proper. And why? Because, if you carry :
, that rule into the proceedings of your committee, 5
: as I said before, you nullify the provisions of that
important rule which secures to every member
of the committee the right to have the bill read,
section by section, for amendment, and to speak
to such amendments as may be offered.
Mr. Speaker, I have but little more to say. I
ask my friend from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] to bear
in mind that the gentleman from Georgia himself
acknowledges that the only manner in which you
can succeed m bringing out of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union the bill, if
it goes there under his motion, is to pursue the
course which the friends of the Nebraska bill
took for the purpose of bringing that bill out of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the i
Union, to wit: by applying there the principles:
of the previous question, gagging every man who
desires to speak to the body of the bill by strik-
ing out the enacting clause, dragging the bill
without its head before the House, where it is
again put on under the operation of the previous
question.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman from Ohio
says he calls the attention of the gentleman from
Indiana to my acknowledgment that there was no \
other way of bringing this bill out of the com- '
mittee except by moving to strike out the enact-
ing clause. I made no such acknowledgment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Ycry well; let the gentle-
man point out the other way.
Mr. STEPHENS. It is not my business just
now to point it out. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I supposed the gentleman
rose to post me up; but I find that he wants fur-
ther time io consult the rules.
When the gentleman from Georgia first rose,
he indicated his purpose to speak to the merits
of the bill, to show that the declaration I made,
that the passage of the Nebraska bill was the
cause of all the troubles in the Territory of Kan-
sas and of the country, was incorrect. When he
shall have been heard, as I recognize in him an
old acquaintance m the debates upon that subject,
I may take occasion to give my opinions upon
that subject, and in regard to the merits of tins
bill, now reported by the Committee on Territo-
ries.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have but a
word to say .upon this subject. 1 supposed there
was no person who, in the present stage of pio-
ceedings, would not acknowledge that to send this
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state :
of the Union would be to send it to the " tomb of ;
the Capulets.^ There are now one hundred-and |
eleven bills upon the Calendar of the Committee i
of the Whole on the state of the Union. j
Mr. STEPHENS. Before the gentleman from ;
Maine proceeds with his remarks upon another j
point of debate, I desire to call the attention of j
the gentleman from Ohio to the rule to which I ;
alluded a moment ago. I want it to go into his
speech. He told the House that the rule was !
applicable only to the proceedings of the House, j
Here is the language of the rule: j
" A motion to stuke out the enacting words of a bill shall :
have precedence of a motion t amcnd j and, if carried, shall j
j|^ equivalent to its rejection." ;
Here is the history of the rule, and I call gen- ,
tiemen's attention to it: |
" In 1814, a Committee of the Whole struck out the fust j
and only section of a bill, and so imported to the House. '
Mr. Speaker Cheves refused to receive the report, on the
ground that it was tantamount to a rejection,of the bill,
winch the eommittec had not pow er to do.}> s„-
Just as the gentleman now asserts.
" After this, that the merit of questions might be tested
in Committee of the Whole, rule 119 was adopted."
The gentleman says that the rule was misap-
plied a year ago. He said that the power could
not be exercised, while the history of the rule
shows the contrary to be true.
Mr. WASHBURN. I remember very well
that it was asserted on this side, and conceded
by the gentlemen of the other side—admitted
even by the gentleman from Georgia I believe—
that, if there could be such a construction of the
119th rule as is contended for, it hat' not been
adopted in practice for twenty years.'
Mr. STEPHENS. I never have admitted any
such thing. I will tell the gentleman, and the
House, what I think is the history of the matter.
Until the rule was adopted, in 1840, for the closing
of debate, there was no necessity to resort to this
rule. It was onty then that it became necessary
to revive the action under this old rule—not to
revive it, for it was living all the time, and it lives
yet.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will read rule 127, and
then ask the gentleman from Georgia,whether the
construction he contends for, under rule 119, does
not destroy the force of rule 1ST ? Then I shall
inquire whether he will say, as a lawyer, that
that is a correct rule of construction? Here is
rule 127:
'• Upon bills committed to a Committee of the Whole
House, the lull shall be first read tbioughout by the Clerk,
and then again read and debated by clau>e^, leaving the
preamble to be last considered; the body of the bill shall
not be deiaeed or mteihned; but ail amendment!-, noting
the page and hue, shall be duly entered by the Cleik on a
separate papri. a^ tlif «.ame shall be agreed io by the com-
mittee,. and ^o reported to the House. After repot t, the bill
shall again be subject to be debated and amended by
clauses, bufoie a question to engrosn it be taken.
I nsk the gentleman how that can be accom-
plished if, without any reading of the bill, he can
move to strike out the enacting clause?
Air. STEPHENS. I take groat pleasure in
answering the gentleman.
Mr.WASHBURN. I cannot yield any further.
Mr. STEPHENS. I trust, as' the question io
put to me, that the gentleman will let me answer
it.
Mr. WASHBURN". 1 will not yield to any-
body else.
Mr. STEPHENS. There is not the slightest
conflict between the two rules in their operation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Practically?
Mr. STEPHENS. There is none practically.
When you take up a bill, and there is no privi-
leged question made, the course referred to by
the gentleman is pursued. It is the ordinary
course. The bill is first read; then it is read
again. It is then taken up by sections, for
amendment. That is-the regular order, and is
the one to be pursued unless there is a privileged
motion made. Let me call the gentleman's at-
tention to the last clause of the rule:
<c After report, the bill shall a«ain be subject to be debated
and ameuded by clauses, before a question to engross it be
taken.''
That clause has not been complied with since
the gentleman has been on this floor never; I"
have neverseen it put in practice. When the bill
is reported the previous question is called for, and
ordered, and the bill is passed or defeated. That
is the regular course to be pursued, unless some
privileged motion, under the rules, is made.
There is no conflict. The rules work as harmo-
niously as the most beautiful machinery. If
there be no privileged motion when the report is
made from the Committee of the Whole, the bill
is again open for amendment. It is to begone
through with as in the Committee, before its en-
grossment is ordered, unless the previous ques-
tion i& called. There is my answer. There is
no conflict. The gentleman looks on the rules
of this House as some men do on the laws of
nature. They see in them nothing but confusion,
when, if they understood them, there is not only
order and regularity, but the most beautiful har
mony. They work harmoniously.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine.'1 .Mr-Speaker,
in reference to the 119th rule, one thmg* js cer-
tain : it is that it was proved, if not admitted, two
years ago, that the construction of the gentleman
from Georgia had not been given to that rule for
