im
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28.
a'quarter of a century. There had been no such
practical construction; and it was believed by this
side of-ijie House, and 1 believe partially con-
ceded by ijhe other, that, if there could be any
such application of it, it could only be-in the
House, and not in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the<Uniqn. That rule was adopted
in 1822; but another and inconsistent rule was
^adopted subsequently,"andlapprehend that when
a law, or rule is adopted, inconsistent with one
previously existing, the subsequent one acts by
necessary implication as' a repeal of the former
one.
The following rule was adopted in 1847:
" No member shall occupy more than one hour in debate
.on any question in the House, or in committee; but a mem-
ber reporting the measure under consideration from a com-
mittee may open and clo^e the debate ; provided, that when
debate is closed by oider of the House, any member shall
be allowed, in committee, five minutes to explain any
amendment he may oifer, after which, any member who
shall fhht obtain the floor shall be allowed to speak five
.minutes m opposition to it, and there shall be no further
debate on the amendment, but the same privilege in debate
shall be allowed in favor of, and against, any amendment
that may be offered to the amendment; and neither the
"-'amerulment'not' an amendment to the amendment shall be
withdrawn by the mover thereof, unless by. the unanimous
consent of the committee."
• Now, sir, what was intended to be the effect of
that rule? By the previous question, it would be
competent for a majority, a bare majority, to
strangle all debate on the question, of however'
great importance it might be.
Provision is made by that rule that, in Com-
mittee* of the Whole on the state of the Union,
there shall be an opportunity for the minority to
debate any measure that may be committed to
that committee, without the previous question,
in terms or in substance, being applied to cut
off debate. After the general debate shall have
been terminated upon any measure in Committee
of the Whole, it is competent, under the rule
adopted in 1847, for any member to offer an
amendment, and speak to it. and for any mem-
ber to reply. Thus, amendments may be offered
from day to day; and, so long as there arc any
amendments to be offered, or so Ions: as any gen-
tleman wishes to advocate or oppose an amend-
ment, there is no power in the Committee of the
Whole to strangle debate. This right and priv-
ilege to offer and speak to amendments is guar-
antied by a rule of the House subsequent to the
i*ule of 1823. Now, if that rule of 1822 is in
for.ce, and has the construction contended for by
tl>e"gentleman from Georgia, the moment you go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and before any amendment has been
offered or a word has been said, it is competent
for gentlemen to rise and move to strike out the
enacting clause, so that no amendment can be
offered and no discussion had; but you must go
immediately into the Hoifse. The gentleman
from Georgia has discovered a way by which it
is competent, upori any question, to cut off de-
bate, not only in the House, but in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr, STEPHENS. I tell the gentleman that it
is perfi'ctly competent for a majority of the House
to strangle debate, if it sees fit to do it. The'gen-
tleman lias submitted propositions himself, and
called the previous question on them too often, to
doubt that a majority of the House can stop debate
when they please, usually I am in favor of full and
free discussion; but I sometimes vote for the pre-
vious question myself. I think it a wise provision
of parliamentary law, that the House is able to
stop debate when the majority wish. It is their
right. I may object, and vote against it. I have
often done it; but it is the right of the majority.
Now, one word in regard to the rule to which the
gentleman has referred, which was framed in
1847. Why was it passed in 1847? From 1822
up. to 1840 there was no limitation to speech in
this House in Committee of the Whole at all.
Gentlemen would speak two days and three days,
and offer amendments interminably. In 1840 the
majority found that they could not carry on the
business of the'country unless they put a limit
to debate, and shopped all debate when they saw
fit, upon matters pending in ^Committee of the
Whole. "V .
Now, up to 1840, the^ House, was under the
Operation of the 119th rule, and cOuldatany time,
when a majority wished it, stop all debate by
striking out the enacting clause of the bill. Th«
debates were mostly upon general political ques-
tions, and when you came to vote on the bills
there was no discussion at all. In 1847, this
amendment was passed which rescinded the rule
of 1840, so far as to allow five minutes' debate
under the same rule of 3822, to wit: the 119th
rule. The five-minute debate was under the
operation of that rule, just as the hour speeches?-
and the day speeches had been under its operation
from 1822 down to 1840.
Mr. WASHBURN. Mark, now, how a plain
statement will answer the gentleman from Georgia!
He asks if it is not competent for me to call the
previous question at any time, instantly on the
introduction of a measure? Sir, it is not. The
rules provide that certain measures—the appro-
priation bills for instance, the most important
measures that come before the House—shall go
to the Committee of the Whole on*the State of
the Union. Why was the Committee of the
Whole established ? For what purpose was that
committee given to us by the rules of the House,
but to secure discussion upon certain measures,
and to prevent a majority from arresting discus-
sion by calling the previous question ? Sir, it is
not competent for the gentleman, or for anybody
else, to arrest discussion upon all questions, at
any time, provided we can get a majority of the
House to vote with us.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to correct the gen-
tleman. The rules of the House require that all
appropriation bills shall go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and I put
it to the gentleman, and to the House, whether
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means might not report the civil and diplomatic
bill, for instance, have it referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and then go into committee, and, having the floor,
move that the committee rise and go into the
House, with a view of stopping debate in five or
ten minutes? Sir, 1 have seen it done often on
this floor. I have seen important appropriation
bills passed in that way by the committee at once
rising, and the House adopting a resolution to
close all debate in five minutes. I do not justify
such a course; ordinarily it is not done; but "I
say that it is competent for a majority to do it if
they see fit.
Mr. WASHBURN. The answer to the gen-
tleman from Georgia is easy. The chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, when an
appropriation bill is in Committee of the Whole,
has no right to make a motion, and it cannot be
entertained, that the committee rise and report
the bill, as long as any gentleman on the floor
desires to offer an amendment. That right is
guarantied to every member of the House by the
34th rule, and I defy the gentleman from Georgia
to get rid of that rule, f tell him, and 1 tell the
House, that it is uot competent for the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, or any
other gentleman, when an appropriation bill is
before the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, to move that the committee rise
and report the bill, so long as any gentleman
desires to offer an amendment and discuss it.
Mr. STEPHENS. I must correct the gentle-
man again. I did not say that he could move that
the committee rise and report the bill to the House.
I merely said that he could move that the com-
mittee rise in order that he might, in the House,
offer a resolution to close debate upon the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN. That is very true, but
that is not the point. The hour debate may
be closed, undoubtedly, and then, when we go
back into the committee, any member has a right
to offer amendments and discuss them, under the
five-minute rule, and this may go on for days
and weeks, as I have known it to do. But see
what the gentleman from Georgia's construction
would bring the House to. The civil and diplo-
matic bill, making appropriations of millions of
dollars, is reported by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means; it is referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The moment that is done, the chairman of the
Ways and Means Committee moves that the com-
mittee rise and go into the House, in order that
debate may be. terminated in ten minutes; tha^j
done; the House again resolves itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means immediately rises and moves to strike out
the enacting clause of the. bill. Then, sir, where is
there any debate, or any chance to debate, either
in the House or in the cornmittee, upon that
question ? Sir, the construction given by the
gentleman from Georgia was intended to destroy, •
and does destroy, all debate upon the most im-
portant measures that can come before the House,
and destroys the uses and functions of the Com-
mittee of the Whole. Of what possible use is it,
under the gentleman's construction? But, sir, the
House having established this precedent, and
having followed it up in several instances, I do
not know but that it may be necessary for it to
act upon it hereafter. I do not know but that
it may have the force of a precedent: I shall judge
of that when the time comes; but it was wrong
in the beginning, in principle, and I am not my-
self disposed to sanction it now.
A word or two more in regard to the question
respecting the 119th rule. It will be remembered
•that, when the Nebraska bill was committed to
the Committee of the Whole on the state'of the
Union, it was pretty generally considered that the
bill was lost. I remember Vfery well that it was
believed, on this side of the House, and in the
northern country, that the bill was lost. But,
sir, afterwards they went into the Committee of
the Whole on the state*of the Union, and the then
chairman ot the Committee on Territories [Mr.
Richardson] moved to take up seriatim every bill
preceding it on the Calendar. Of these bills there
were eighteen. They went through with them
in one day; and finally, the committee rose and
reported the Nebraska bill—as it will be recol-
lected by gentlemen on this side of the House—
without a quorum voting, and by breaking down
the rules.
Mr. VALK. I rise to a question of order. I
do not believe that either the gentleman from
Maine, or the gentleman from Georgia, is speak-
ing to the question before the House.
The SPEAKER". The Chair is of opinion that
the gentlemen are strictly in order. The question
before the House is the motion to commit the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. It is, of course, competent for gen-
tlemen to debate the question as to what would
be the fate of the bill when there.
Mr. WASHBURN. Now, Mr. Speaker, in
that case, where there were only eighteen bills
on the Calendar of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union preceding the Ne-
braska bill, the majority was able to reach that
by breaking down the rules of the House in two
instances, and not otherwise. If that were true in
that case, when it was as early as the first of
May, what probability is there that this House,
in Committee ot the Whole, would set aside one
hundred and eleven bills before reaching this bill,
without trampling on the rules of the House?
Sir, itis utterly impossible. And it seems to me
that no gentleman who is at all familiar with the
rules and the practice of this House can believe
that it is possible, under the rules, without viola-
ting them and trampling them under foot in a
hundred cases, to set aside, one after another,
and one by one, one hundred and eleven bills,
and then to take up this Kansas bill. No, sir, it
cannot be done; and if any gentleman here believes
that it can, let me assure him that he is deceived
and mistaken. So, to commit this Kansas bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union would be to send it to its death.
Mr. HA.VEN, This debate, I fancy, is all
very well; but I am apprehensive that the House
is notyet exactly in position to decide fully upon
the line of action it should take in regard to this
question. I do not know that it is very material
to consider what the House or committee may see
fit to do hereafter, when affairs arrive at a certain
crisis—when a certain stage of proceeding is
reached by this bill. But I propose to make a
suggestion or two to the House, as to what seems
to me must be proper for the purpose of coming
to a right conclusion on this matter. I suppose
that the House, to act discreetly and sensibly,
should act upon some general plan—upon some
general line of conduct—and not drift along, and
take things as they happen to turn up. Men of
business, and men-who act effectively upon any
subject, generally bring all of their proceedings
into subordination to some system — to some
general lines of action, and make results the
natural fruits of such system.
