1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
753
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wade.
Senate.
was organized to carry slavery into Kansas, with-
out regard to what might be the wishes of the
people. I say* the proof stands out in bold re-
lief and though it does not trace a knowledge
of the society to the members who voted for the
bill, it shows that just about that time secret
lodges, with secret oaths, and all the parapher-
nalia of a secret society, for the deliberate pur-
pose of carrying slavery into that Territory, was
formed in the State of Missouri, and also in other
States; and before God I believe that it extended
even to this city. If so, it still further marks the
blackness and darkness that cover the transac-
tions of those who, meditating the establishment
of slavery by force or fraud in that Territory, put
in the bill the principle that the people shall be
left " perfectly free" to do as they pleased on the
subject.
What adds to the enormity of the transaction is,
that now, with this light before us, with a perfect
knowledge that such a society existed ,atall events,
in Missouri, and extended to other States, and
was actively propagating its principles, and pre-
paring for tne onset, those who did this act turn
round and charge all the difficulties in Kansas on
the Emigrant Aid Society of Massach usetts. This
is tlie burden of the first and second reports of
the Committee on Territories. It is the great
staple of the speeches that have been made to
justify the atrocities in Kansas. I do not deny
that it was the intention of the free States to send
free men to the Territory of Kansas. I remem-
ber well that, when some gentleman was arguing
against the aid society, the Senator from Geor-
gia [Mr. Toombs] said that he saw nothing illegal
in it. That declaration was, I think, incorpo-
rated into his speech. He agrees now, as all
honorable men must agree, that it did nothing
unlawful—nothing wrong; and yet the honora-
ble Senator from Georgia has as much interest
*in promoting slavery as any man under heaven.
Then what will you say of the men from the
North who dissent from him, and seek to put the
odium of tbe occurrences in Kansas on the aid
society, by the use of arguments which a south-
ern man, governed by the principles of honor,
repudiates > You tell us that the aid society has
been the cause of the trouble. Honorable gentle-
men from the South see nothing wrong in it; nor
do you. It is a pretense put forth to break the
odium of northern delinquency.
Did you not say the Territory was open to a
just competition? Did you not invite all men to
go into the Territory, and there compete for the
meed of liberty? I regretted this, for it was not
an equal bargain by any means, because we had
already paid -the full price of having liberty there
withoutbeingsubjecttoanycontingency. Throw-
ing that out of the way, trampling it under foot
by a breach of faith, which would have justified
war to the knife between separate and independ-
ent nations, and planting yourselves upon the
principle that the different sections of the Union
should go there and compete for the establish-
ment of their institutions, was there anything
wrong in the North that believed in liberty, send-
ing, or aiding to send, men there who wished to
go? Did they hire them? No. Did they pay
them ? No. Did they make an inquiry as to
their politics? They did not; but if they had
doqe so it would have been justifiable. All there
was about it was a society like the American
Express Company or any other. It was designed
to give liberty to this Territory, the most lauda-
ble of all objeets,and next to make profit, as mien
make profit by other transactions. Northern
inen, in the face of the admission of southern
men who say they can see nothing wrong in it,
declaim against and denounce those engaged in
the transaction. Well may we blush for the
North. I intend to do the South no injustice; I
will give them their due and no more; but I must
say that I have never known a southern man
recreant to the principles by which he professed
to be governed. If he is an advocate for slavery,
he stands up and advocates it boldly. I am here
boldly to meet him on his arguments. But what
shall we say of those who take up arguments for
slavery which arediscarded by the men who are in-
terested, and seek to make political capital against
freedom out of the remnants of arguments which J
are rejected by honorable competitors ? I
New Series—No. 48.
The aid society, we are told, did very wrong;
but nothing is said of the secret, oath-bound so-
ciety organized for no other purpose but to carry
slavery there. Did any man ever hear from your
lips a rebuke or censure against this secret soci-
ety? Never; never. It was all right to carry
slavery there by the agency of secret, oath-bound
societies; but when the emigrant aid society
does anything, men stand forth in the Senate of
the United States to proclaim, " We are glad to
meet your defiant spirit; we will subdue you; we
intend to subjugate you." Why? Because you
were sent there by aid societies.
Now,-sir, if the aid societies did wrong, punish
them; but has not the honest settler who is living
on his claim the same rights with another man,
no matter by what agency he got there ? Are you
going to hang him for treason? Are you going
to hunt him out as you would a wolf, because he
went on the boats or cars of the aid society, and
thereby paid a less price than if he went there in
any other way? If a man went there bound by a
secret oath taken beforehand, that he would cor-
rupt the ballot-box—that he would force certain
institutions upon the people, and overthrow all
that your bill promised, there is not a word of
disapprobation on your lips. I leave the world,
with the light of the evidence, to judge between
the secret oath-bound society under the command
of the late Vice President Atchison, Stringfellow,
and company, and the Massachusetts Aid So-
ciety, composed of men of peace—men who have
never meddled with yous institutions, but have
only aided persons to get to Kansas more easily
ana more cheaply than they could have gone with-
out such aid. I leave the people to judge between
the two. From the verdict of the Senate I appeal
to the people. A great controversy is pending,
which will decide whether slavery is to be prop-
agated by illegitimate means—whether freedom,
going to your Territories in innocence, is to be
proscribed ? That question is pending before the
American people. To them I take an appeal from
all your arguments and votes here, and I doubt
not what the result will be.
But, sir, I have not yet done with your Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill. I told you it was a fraud. Can
I prove it? We shall see. After saying that you
left the people entirely free to fix their domestic
institutions in their own way, you had great trou-
ble in adding the words,-" subject only to the Con-
stitution of the United Stetes." What qualifica-
tion, I ask the Senator from Illinois, did he un-
derstand to be made in legal effect by the addition
of those words? I ask the Senator to answer me.
Did he hold that the Constitution of the United
States, by its ewn vigor, carried slavery into the
Territory, and rendered it legal for a slaveholder
to take this species of property there ? I again
ask the Senator from Illinois whether he under-
stands that that was the case ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Ohio has
been using such language that I cannot go into a
discussion with him. He has spoken of " fraud,"
and " premeditated fraud," in such amanner that
I perceive the object is to get up a controversy.
I do not intend to have a controversy with him
here to-day. Therefore he can go on and finish
his speech.
Mr. WADE. Well, sir, the Senator called on
us, not a great while ago, to be explicit as to what
our issue was. I have been explicit as to our
issue. I have told yo>u what the " Black Repub-
licans," of whom I am one, are contending for.
We intend, above all other things, that you shall
not have another inch of territory anywhere for
slavery, and especially not Kansas, which you
liave attempted to steal. Now, when I call on
the gentleman to be equally explicit, he says that
I use intemperate language. Perhaps I do, for I
am impelled by considerable zeal on this subject,
because it has brought jeopardy on our country.
It is enough to stir the blood of every man who
has any love of country to see how our liberties
have been jeoparded by the late course of things.
The Senator from Illinois refuses to tell me what
he understood, as chairman of the Committee on
Territories, was meant by the insertion of the
mostmaterial clause in the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
I know that many gentlemen from the South held
that no legislation was wanted- to enable them to
take their slaves into the Territories. They held
' that the Constitution gives the right, without
; legislation. The Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] avowedly held that doctrine. That Sen-
i ator, in a speech delivered not long since, said it
. was unfortunate that the law did not define par-
i ticularly what was the meaning of the language
to which I have alluded. I know why it was not
done. You could not agree among yourselves
about it. Council after council was held on these
very words. Many southern gentlemen said that
slavery was carried to the Territories by force of
the Constitution; others held a different doctrine;
and you had to compromise by putting in the
words, " subject only to the Constitution of the
United States," which overthrew the previous
clause about leaving the people perfectly free to
form their own institutions. This specious lan-
guage, calculated to tickle the ear of the people,
was entirely nullified and overthrown by the ad-
dendum, which you now refuse to explain. The
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] in the
speech to which I have referred, said:
' " In passing the Kansas bill, Congress, in my opinion,
committed one error; and out of that error has grown much
of the confusion and discord which have ever since dis-
tracted the inhabitants of the Territory. It was just to
repeal the Missouri restriction ; but it was unwise to leave
the inhabitants of the Territory in doubt as to the extent of
their real powers. It was a grievous error not to have de-
fined precisely what we meant ' by leaving the people of
the Territory perfectly free to form and regulate their do-
mestic institutions in their own way.' "
That declaration comes from no enemy of the
measure, but a fast friend to it, but an honorable
man who will not shrink from giving me his
views of the Constitution upon any matter con-
nected with this great controversy. I have given
his opinion. Then I am justified in saying that
you failed to define what you meant on this most
importantofall subjects. You left in your declara-
tion as a trap to catch men who knew nothing
of what you intended. I knew it. There was
no Senator on the floor who did not understand
perfectly well that that addition was obtained by
great labor, pain, and deliberation, and in the
minds of perhaps a majority here annulled the
specious words which were before inserted to
tickle the ears of the people. That stump speech,
which, as Mr. Benton said, was injected into the
enacting clause of your law, was annulled by this
other clause which those who were not lawyers
would not be likely to understand; and tQ-day
the Senator from Illinois cannot tell me how he
understands it. *
I knew by another indication what was the
meaning of that. Nearly all of you went back
on the stump and said, "Is it not right for the
people of the Territory to frame their domestic
institutions in their own way? Who can object to
so reasonable a proposition as that? These Black
Republicans, however, want to come in, and by
some arbitrary rule override the will of the'peo-
ple in the Territories." And yet, you all knew
that that was not the understanding which was
attached to the very clause that you undertook to
palm off on them. I shall not occupy time by
reading from the Journals of the Senate, for I
remember what took place on that occasion. My
then colleague, Mr. Chase, in order to test your
veracity on that subject, and your good faith in
that enactment, proposed to insert at the end of
that clause, this most reasonable proposition;
" Provided, That the Territorial .Legislature shall have
power to exclude slavery in said Territory-"
The votes of all thejriends of tbe bill stand re-
corded on the Journals against that proviso; and
yet you complain of me because I speak freely on
this subject. You say the "people were to be left
perfectly free; and yet, when the test came
whether they should be free or not, you voted it
down. This was like the apples of Sodom—fair
to the look, but as you approach them and at-
tempt to taste them, they turn to bitterness and
ashes.
Is this the way in which the America i*i Senate
is to deal with the unsophisticated people of the
United States? You pretended that you had no
power to legislate at all for the Territories; that
non-intervention was to rule; and, again, Mr.
Chase tested you by asking you to declare that
the people should have the privilege of choosing
their own Governor, judges, and other officers.
He offered an amendment for that purpose, so as
