THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON", D. C.
Thirty-Fourtii Congress
1st Session.
-w-
MONDAY, JUNE 30, 1856.
New Series No. 94.
Now, for myself—for it was only to govern
my own conduct—I marked out very early in the
session the course which I intended to pursue
upon this important subject. I determined, then,
when I voted for the committee of investigation
to go to Kansas, that the facts established by that
investigation should form the basis of my action
upon this subject during the Congress—unless
something occurred of an unforeseen—of an
unexpected character, which would make it ne-
cessary or proper to change my general plan, or
abandon the course I had so marked out. I still
intend to follow that course, if permitted by the
House, and to await the evidence that committee
may furnish, and to consider and weigh it well,
before I undertake to apply a remedy to the evils
which that evidence alone can satisfactorily prove
the existence and extent of. Without that re-
port and that evidence, I aver this House is not
qualified to act. The House has, if not directly,
yet by the broadest and most unmistakable im-
plication, declared it could not act—it was not
qualified to act—without it. Why send for it at
all r What was the object of the House in pass-
ing the resolution and raising the committee?,
Why, sir, one side of the House alleged that
the code of laws enacted in Kansas was enacted
by a Legislature that was not elected by the inhab-
itants of Kansas, but was tyrannically imposed
upon Kansas by men, cilizens and inhabitants of
the State of Missouri. This allegation was flatly
denied by the other side of the House, and so
the parties were at issue, and there was no proof
to establish either the allegation or denial, and
hence the committee was raised to take the proof
and report it to the House. Now, this House
being the only tribunal to judge of the facts, to
determine what they are, and to make them the
basis of its action, it seems to me—and I have
had some experience in the judical investigation
of facts—that it should wait and hear the proof,
then determine what facts it establishes, and after
that apply the proper remedy. Knowledge should
precede action: a trial upon the facts should pre-
cede judgment in this case. Such a course would,
ill my judgment, be sensible, discreet, and orderly.
And yet gentlemen here seem to insist upon going
on pell-mell, without consideration, without any
authentic information, and without any of the
proofs which they admitted to be necessary by
ordering them to be taken—to legislate upon this
very important subject. Sir, I protest against
this course. 1 advise the House to avail itself
of the benefit of the investigations of the com-
mittee, to act in the light of the troths there
revealed, and not trust itself to the dark and
shadowy guide of telegraphic reports, and the
extraordinary newspaper announcements which
have been pressed upon us day after day, and
month after month, since the passage of the act
erecting the Territory.
After their searching investigation, if that com-
mittee lay before us testimony that satisfies us—
that would satisfy reasonable and fair men—that
persons, not inhabitants of Kansas, but being
citizens and inhabitants of, and living in, the
State of Missouri, or of Massachusetts, or of
South Carolina, have intruded into that Terri-
tory, and, upon the tabula rasa there, to use a
phrase somewhat famous when the Kansas bill
was passed, have written their laws, and by force
or fraud have prevented the inhabitants of Kan-
sas from writing their own—if the testimony
establishes these facts—I hold that fair gentlemen
on the other side of the House will b^fstopped
from their denials, and will fee! bound to get up
and say, "This is not in the spirit and tone, nor is
it according to the letter or general character, of
the act creating the Territory;" and, unless they
are utterly shameless, will agree that such for-
eign laws, written by foreign and unauthorized
hands upon the tabula rasa, shall be rubbed out—
- be blotted out, and that the actual inhabitants of
the Territory shall, according to its organic law,
for themselves, and by themselves, be allowed
to regulate their concerns, domestic and general,
in their own way. Why, sir, an y other course
94
would be monstrous, and wholly in violation of
the principles of self-government, and against the
instincts of every American citizen.
As I have said elsewhere, I would not hold a
man responsible for drowning a cat in fhe Terri-
tory of Kansas, under laws which the men of
Missouri, of South Carolina, and of Massachu-
setts imposed upon her. If on the other hand it
turns out,from this investigation, and the proofs
which that committee shall lay before us, that
there has been no irruption from abroad into that
Territory, no frauds or irregularities, or none
except those which are incident generally to new
settlements and to the disorganized state of soci-
ety which ordinarily belongs to them—if it turns
out that that is the state of the case, then I hold
it equally clear that the gentlemen on this side of
the House will be estopped from then- allegations,
and that the code of'laws enacted for the Terri-
tory are wholly unobjectionable for any such
cause.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man allow me to make a suggestion >
Mr. HAVEN. I will, Mr. Speaker, with a
great deal of pleasure; but 1 beg leave to sgy to
the gentleman here, that I shall resume what I
was saying just where I left off, without paying
the least attention to his suggestion at present—
although 1 will be happy to hear him.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 do not know that it is
a very material matter to me where the gentle-
man may take up his remarks. 1 simply rose to
make a suggestion, in the spirit of kindness,
touching the points which he is just now discus-
sins:. If be is disinclined to hear it, I will not
propose to inflict it on lum.
Mr. HAVEN. I am not in the least disinclined
to hear it, but I merely meant to advertise the
gentleman that I was not to be thrown off my
regular tack until 1 get through with what I do-
sired to say upon the subject which I was dis-
cussing. I intended no discourtesy by the remark.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I certainly had no design
of interrupting my friend at all. I desired to
make the suggestion only as pertinent, I think,
to the argument. The committee of investiga-
tion which has been sent out to Kansas by this
House has limited powers. _ It cannot, m my
judgment, go beyond the requirements of the les-
'olution under which it acts; and, as I understand
it, its inquiries are to be directed as to the right
of two contesting gentlemen to a seat as a Dele-
gate representing Kansas on this floor, and the
validity of laws made by theLegislature; matters
which, in my opinion, have no direct bearing on
the question as to whether the people there have
not aright to form a State constitution, independ-
ent of that resolution.
Mr. HAVEN. The suggestion of the gentle-
man from Ohio is a very proper one, and I shall
say a word about it before I get through, if 1 can
carry it along in my mind.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that I was remarking
that if, on the other hand, it turned out that there
had been no improper irruption of men from
foreign States into Kansas, and that the actual
residents there, the citizens of Kansas, had been
exercising their right of franchise uninterruptedly
and unawed by any improper influence from
abroad, that then gentlemen on this side of the
House ought to, and would fairly, say that they
were estopped, and that their mouths were closed
on that subject, and that the people of the Terri-
tory of Kansas who had acted so without restraint
or control, and so without interruption or foreign
inteiference, shoOld-be, and were, the best judges
of their own necessities, conveniences, and wants,
and of the legislation best adapted to their condi-
tion and circumstances. I may dislike their leg-
islation—others may like it; but it is for them,
and not for me. So as that it is their own, and
not an infliction—an imposition upon them witb-
'out their consent, and against their will, that is
all I desire to know; and 1 think, with a knowl-
edge of that fact, many gentlemen here would be
content, who would otherwise be willing and
anxious to interfere in the matter.
Now, sir, it is wholly foreign from my purpose
to undertake to pronounce any judgment upon
the stat<j,of affairs in that Territory to-day. 1 do
not feel myself competent to express any opinion
upon the subject. I have not the information to
enable me to pronounce any such opinion. It
was for the purpose of obtaining that informa-
tion, that early in the session I voted for the
broad and comprehensive resolution of my friend
from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] to send a commission
to Kansas. And when that commission reports,
I feel that very much of the crimination and re-
crimination between gentlemen on this side of
the House and the other side of the House will
be avoided. Let us have the facts before us in an
authentic form, and then I hope we shall be able
to provide a remedy.
I have nothing to say in reference to this bill in
the present stage of proceedings, and before I get
the facts as to the condition of affairs in Kansas.
It has been asserted on one side, though the tele-
graphic reports for the last eight or ten months
have not corroborated that opinion, that there has
been no irruption into Kansas; that everything
there has been conducted with regularity; thatthe
Legislature of that Territory was elected by the
free, out-spoken acts of the inhabitants of the
Territory.
If that statement be true, then no action is
needed on the part of this House. But that is the
precise question. Who can tell me whether that
statement is true or not? It is denied on this side
of the House. If it was known to be true, you
certainly sent out your committee on a fool's
errand, to use a very homely phrase. If it was
not known to be true, or if it was not known to
be false, had we not better await the arrival of the
proofs that we ordered on that point before we
assume to decide the question ?
When the report comes, if it turns put that no
injustice "or illegality has prevailed, I shall cer-
tainly vote agamfft this hill; but if, on the con-
trary, the report be a fair one, and it establishes
the fact with reasonable certainty—that kind of
certainty which would be satisfactory to a fair-
minded juror in passing .upon a case between
man and 'man—that the elections held in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas have been carried by violence
against the wishes of the people of the Territoiy,
b°y outside interference, coming from Missouri,
Alabama, South Carolina, or Massachusetts, then
I am prepared to say—not that I would vote for
this bill to admit her as a State under the Topeka
constitution—but that I would vote for what
seems to me the only sensible and effectual remedy
and right in such a case—1 would vote to wipe
out—to annul everything that has been done under
or in pursuance of those elections—every enact-
ment, every resolution, eveiy law. I would leave
no excuse to compel the men of Kansas to obey;
the laws made effectual by the votes of Missouri
01- Alabama, any more than 1 would compel
Massachusetts to obey the laws of South Caro-
lina, or South Carolina to obey those of Massa-
chusetts. I would not even stBp to inquire whether
they were repugnant or oppressive to those upon
whom they were sought to be imposed.
But, sir, this House is not prepared to act upon
this subjectunderstandingly. [tlias said so itself.
It said so when it sent out the commission, else
it would not have sent it. Let us have a fun- un-
derstanding of the subject, and then let us act.
So far as I am concerned, I am influenced by no
party bias; 1 have no party upon the subject. I
can only carry out what are the sentiments I
entertain. Whatever course I pursue will he the
result of my own individual judgment—of my
ji own honest conviction.
; Now, sir, in reference to the bill before the
ij House, let me say that to me it is immaterial
" whether it is sent to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, or whether it is consid-
ered m the House. The course 1 should suggest
would be, that it be postponed until a day certain ,
for the reason that the House is now unprepared
1 to act upon it. Let it be postponed until the:
i! committee we iiave.sent to Kansas snaL haveuatl
