1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
, Robbins, Ruffin, Rust, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Stanton, Stewart,
Talbott, Tappan, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Waldron, Walker,
Warner, Ellihu B. Washburne, Wells, Winslow, Woodruff,
Woodwortii, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Howeli Cobb, Day, Haven, Hous-
ton, George W. Jones, Knight, Knox, Letcher, Matteson,
Smith Miller, Moore, Phelps, Ready, Rieaud, Savage, Scott,
Sneed, Spinner, Trippe, Underwood, Vail, Valk, and Wal-
bridge—24.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. GALLOWAY stated that he had paired
off for the day with Mr. Sandidge.
Mr. WHITNEY stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Bliss.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts stated that his
colleague, Mr. Davis, was detained from the
House by sickness; and had paired off with some
gentleman upon the other side.
Mr. QUITMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed, and to
lay the motion to reconsiderupon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move^ to amend the title
of the bill by striking out the word " Fayette-
ville" and inserting in lieu thereof the words
" North Carolina;5' so that it shall read, " Joint
resolution relating to the public land appertaining
to the Springfield and Harper's Ferry armories,
and the North Carolina arsenal."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make a report from the
Committee on Public Lands, in order that it may
be printed,
Mr. KEITT, I object.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for th6 regular order of
business.
SUFFRAGE IN WASHINGTON.
The SPEAKER. The business before the
House is the consideration of the bill reported
by the Committee for the District of Columbia,
defining the rights of voters, and the duties of
commissioners of elections, in the city of Wash-
ington, and for other purposes. Upon that bill
the House has ordered the previous question; and
the House having refused the motion to recom-
mit the bill to the committee, a motion to recon-
sider that vote has been made by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. McCarty,] and the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] has moved
that the motion to reconsider lie upon the table.
That is the first question to be decided.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to make a report-
from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Several Members. I object.
The SPEAKER. Upon the pending motion
the House has ordered the yeas and nays.
Mr. LANE. 1 desire the indulgence of the
House to state the reasons why the gentleman
from Ohio should be permitted to repoit his bill
—reasons relating to the condition of affairs in
Oregon.
Mr. PHELPS. I object.
Mr. LANE. I desire to say that the portion
of country which I represent has no vote upon
this floor.
Mr*. MEACHAM. I object to this discussion.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from
Oregon will not press his matter. After we shall
have disposed of this bill, he will have an oppor-
tunity to make the statement he desires.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
, cidedin the negative—yeas 78, nays 79; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barclay, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Bil-
linghuist, Cocock, Bowie, Boyee, Branch, Brooks, Burnett,
Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie, Clingman, Ilowell Cobb,
Williamson It. W. Cobb, Oolfax, Ciaigc, Ciawloid, David-
son, Day, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Elliott, English, Faulk-
ner, Flagler, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddings,
Goode, Gieenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Thomas L.
Hams, Herbert, Thomas R. Horton, Houston, Huglistou,
Geoige W. Jones, J. Clancy Jones, Kent, Kcfcey, Kid-
well, I.en*her, Lumpkin, Mace, Samuel S. Marshall, Mat-
teson, Maxwell, McMullm, McQucen, Mcaeham, Smith
Miller, Millson, Mott, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Peek,
Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ruffin, Rust, Savage, Shorter,
Spinner, Stewart, Tdlbott, Vail, Warner, EiUhu B. Wash-
burne, Watson, Wells, Window, and John V. Wright—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Alli.-on, Ball, Baibour, Benson, B^hop,
Bradshaw, Broom, Bulhnton, James H. Campbell, John P.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carhle, Bayard Clark,
Clawson, Comins, Cox, Cragm, Damrell, Ilenry Winter
Davis, Dick, Durfee, Edwards, Emne, Ktheridge, Eustis,
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harns, Haven, Iloff-
70S
man, Valentine B. Horton, King, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Lake, Humphrey Marshal], McCarty, Kilhan Miller, MiH-
ward, Moore, Norton, Parker, Pearce, Pfclton, Pennington,
Perry, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pringle, Puryear, Reade, Ready,
Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Sneed, Stanton, Tappan, Todd, Trafton,
Trippe, Tyson, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Walbridge,
Waldron, Walker, Welch, Woodruff, Woodworth, and
Zollicoffer—79.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WADE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Bliss, had paired off with Mr. Whitney.
Mr. SEwARD stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Dayis, of Massachusetts.
The question then recurred upon the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the House re-
fused to recommit the bill to the Committee for
the District of Columbia; and the question being
taken thereon, there were—yeas 83, nays 83, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ball, Barbour, Benson, Bishop,
Bradshaw, Broom, ButSnton,Bur)ingame, James H. Camp-
bell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carhle, Bayard
Clark, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Comins, Cox, Cragm, Cum-
back, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis, Dick, Durfee, Ed-
wards, Emrie, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Robeit B. Hall,
Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Haven, Hoffman, Valentine B.
Horton, Kennett, King, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lake,
Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Killian Miller,
Millward, Moore, Norton, Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Penning-
ton, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pringle, Puryear, Reade, Ready,
fticaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Sabin, Sage, Sapp,-Scott, William
R. Smith, Sneed, Stanton, Tappan, Todd,Trafton, Trippe,
Tyson, Underwood, Valk, Walbridge, Waldron, Walker,
Welch, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zollicoffer—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Barclay, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Bil-
linghurst, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Burnett,
Cadwalader, Caruthers, Caskie, Clingman, Ilowell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Craige, Crawford, David-
son, Day, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Elliott, English, Faulk-
ner, Flagler, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddrngs,
Goode, Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Samp-
son W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Thomas R.
Horton, Houston, Hughston, George W. Jones, J. Glaney
Jones, Keitt, Kelsey, Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Macc,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullm, McQueen, Mea-
cham, Smith Miller, Millson, Mott, Nichols, Andrew Oliver,
Orr, Peek, Perry, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ruffin, Rust,
Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,William Smith, Spinner,
Stewart, Talbott, Vail, Wade, Warner, Elhhu B. Wash-
burne, Watson, Wells, Wmslow, and John V. Wright—83.
The Speaker voted in the affirmative; so the
motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. HERBERT stated that his colleague, Mr.
Denver, was detained from the House by indis-
position.
The question recurred upon the motion to re-
commit the bill to the Committe&for the District
of Columbia.
Mr. CLING-MAN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McCARTY. I would inquire of the Chair
whether it is in order to move instructions?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, inasmuch
as the previous question has been ordered.
Mr. MEACHAM. May I be allowed to make
an explanation in relation to the position of that
bill in the committee?
The SPEAKER. All debate is out of order
except by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 75; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ball, Barbour, Benson, Bishop,
Bradshaw, Broom, Buffinton, Burhngame, James; 11.
Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carhle,
Bayard Clark, Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax, Comins, Cox,
Cragin, Cumbaek, Damrell, Ilenry Winter Davis, Dick,
Durfee, Edwards, Emrie, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Flagler,
Gilbert, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Haven,
Hoffman, Valentine B. Horton, Kennert, King, Kmght,
Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Humphrey Marshall, 'Matteson,
MaCagy, Killian Miller, Mdlward, Moore, Norton, Parker,
Ppy Pelton. Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pi ingle,
Puryear, Reade, Read}, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Sabin,
Sage, Sapp, Scott, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith,
Sneed, Stanton, Tappan, Todd, Trafton, Trippe, Ty&on,
Underwood, Valk, Walbridge, Waldron, Walker, Welch,
Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zollicoffer—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Batclay, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Bil-
lmghuiftt, Bowie, Boyee, Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Cad-
walader, Caruthers, Caskie, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Craige, Crawford, Davidson, Day,
Denver, Dodd, Dowdell, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddinjp, Goode, Greenwood,
Grow, Augusts Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, Heibeit, Thomas R. Horton, Houston, Hughston,
George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, l(eitt, Kelsey, Kidwell,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Mc-
Mullm, McQueen, Meacham, Smith Miller, Millson, Mott,
Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Peek, Perry, Phelps, Powell,
Quitman, Ruffin, Rust, Savage, Spinner, Stewart, Talbott,
Vail, Wade, Warner, Eliihu B. Washburne, Watson,
Wells, Winslow, and John V. Wright—75.
So the House decided to-recommit the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House has just decided to recom-
mit the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to lay
that motion upon the table. - - -
Mr. CARLILE. I rise to a question of order.
The motion of the gentleman from Tennessee
cannot be entertained. It is not in order, be-
cause the House has just reconsidered the mo-
tion by which it refused to recommit the bill, and
have determined that they would recommit the
bill. The motion certainly cannot be in accord-
ance with any parliamentary law.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I wish to say a
word upon the question of order, and to make a
suggestion to the gentleman from Virginia, as
well as to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee will state his question of order, and the
Chair will decide it.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman from Virginia
raises a question of order, that my motion is not
in order, because the House had just reconsid-
ered the vote by which it refused to recommit
the bill. _ Do I understand the Chair to decide
my motion to he in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair made no decis-
ion upon it. The Chair understands the gentle-
man from Virginia to make a question of order.
Mr. CARLILE. I stated my question of
order, and I ask the decision of the Chair upon
it?
The SPEAKER. The" Chair is of opinion that
the point of order is well taken, and that the
motion to reconsider cannot be entertained at this
time.
Mr. CRAIGE. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to make a suggestion,
but not to debate this question. The House
first refused to recommit the bill, and then a
motion was made to reconsider that vote. That
motion was carriod; and then the House, upon
the motion to recommit, decided that the bill
should be recommitted. Now, I make the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was recommitted. There has been no motion
made to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
recommitted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that a
motion to recommit a bill can be considered but
once.
Mr. SMITH. It has never been considered.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether, at any stage of the proceedings on this
bill, a motion has passed recommitting it?
Several Members. Never.
Mr. KEITT. And then, if no motion haa
been made 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. KEITT. But I rise to a questiSn of
order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from South Carolina to yield to me a mo-
ment.
Mr. KEITT. No, sir; the gentleman must
keep his seat. I rise to a question of order, and
the gentleman cannot take the floor from mo.
Mr. CARLILE. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a word ?
Mr. KEITT. No, sir; I desire to state my
question of order.
Mr. CARLILE. But I wish to withdraw my
objection.
iVtr. KEITT. Then I yield.
Mr. CARLILE. I withdraw my objection to
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. Then the motion of the gen-
tleman trom Tennessee will be entertained.
Mr. CARLILE. 1 move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. STEWART. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. CARLILE. Can that motion ba enter-
tained at this stage of the proceedings ?
