1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1491
settle and adjust the expenses incurred in defend-
ing the frontier settlements of Nebraska against
the Indians during the year 1855. Referred to
'the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill for the construction of a road in the Ter-
ritories of Kansas and Nebraska. Referred to
the Committee on Territories.
POLYGAMY IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
make a report from the Committee on Territories.
In whatever Biood the bill which I am about to
report may be j^iscussed—and I have no idea that
it win be discussed in any other than an amiable
rnflB—I trust we shall have a serious vote upon
it. "T am permitted to say that the preamble to the
bill received the unanimous support of the com-
mittee, and that there was but one of those pres-
ent who gave a reluctant dissent to the bill. The
committee ascertained, from the general notoriety
of the facts, and from the admission of the gen-
tlemanly and courteous Delegate from Utah, that
certain practices prevail, in at least one of our
Territories, which it is very desirable t^uppress.
The only question of any difficulty seems to be
one of power. All admit the imperious necessity
of legislation upon the subject, and are anxious
to find authority for it in the Constitution. Va-
rious parts of the Constitution are relied upon.
Some are satisfied with the miscellaneous part
found in the preamble, for the promotion of the
'' general welfare,'' under which the United States
Bank so long reposed; others in the article which
nrotects every State " against invasion, and domes-
tic violence," or in the article which declares,
" the citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens m the sev-
eral States.'' Some have suggested that we have
the control over the subject under the power to I
" regulate commerce;" or, at least, that we have
the power to punish a breach of the privileges of
this House. Without relying upor, any of these
mooted points, or even that which gives to Con-
gress " power to define and punish offenses
against the laws of nations," I would point to
the article which gives the power " to make all
needful rules and regulations respecting the Ter-
ritories." That, I think, is our sufficient war-
rant. Those who hold that we have power to
acquire territory by treaty, must admit that we
have the power to govern any such acquisitions.
The only supposed application of this bill will
be over territory acquired by treaty. Those who
did not object to the treaty are in no position to
object to the bill.
But so great is the necessity for some decisive
legislation, if there are any who hesitate, I would
say to them, as did Jefferson, at the time Louis-
iana was acquired, that they should " throw
themselves on their country"—" casting behind
them metaphysical subtilties, and risking them-
selves like faithful servants."
There is no purpose to interfere with the most
absolute fieedom of religion, nor to intermeddle
with the rights of conscience; but the sole design
is to punish gross offenses, whether in secuiar
or ecclesiastical garb; to prevent practices which
outrage the moral sense of the civilized world,
and to reach even those "who steal the livery of
the court of Heaven to serve the Devil in."
Mr. WALKER. 1 rise to a question of order.
Is this debate m order?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. The gen-
tleman from Vermont can report the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, then reported a bill to punish and pre-
vent the practice of polygamy in the Territories
of the United States, and other places; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. WHEELER. I should like to know
what " other places" the bill refers to ?
Mr. WAIiEMAN. I ask that the bill be read.
The bill was read. It provides that if any per-
son or persons, being married, and inhabitants
of the Territories of the United States, or other
places over which *the United States possess
exclusive jurisdiction, shall intermarry with any
person or persons, or cohabit with, or live with,
any person or persons as partners, acknowledging
the conjugal relation, the former husband or wife
being- stilf living, he or she so offending stall, on
conviction, pay a fine notexceeding §500, and be
imprisoned not less than two nor more than nve
years; provided, that nothing contained m the
bill shall apply to any person or persons whose
husband or wife shall absent him or herself, one
from the other, for a space of five years, 6ne of
them not knowing the other to be living during
that time, nor to persons who shall have been
legally divorced.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and be printed.
Mr. PHELPS. I have no objection to the
reference of the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; but, as I understand
its provisions, it proposes to legalize polygamy
when the husband and wife have been separated
for five years, although not divorced. I think it
ought to go to the committee.
The question was taken; and Mr. Morrill's
motion was agreed to.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. GROW. I offer the usual resolution to
close debate in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, upon tlic bill making appro-
priations for the completion of military roads in
the Territory of Oregon, in five minutes after its
consideration shall be again resumed by the com-
mittee.
The resolution was adopted.
ADMISSION OF THE STATE OP KANSAS.
Mr. GROW. I stated to the House the other
day that I would give one day's notice of the time
when I intended to call the previous question on
the bill for the admission of the State of Kansas
into the Union. I announce now, that if I can
get the floor on Saturday, I propose to call the
previous question on that bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will not
do that.* The House may be m session" only a
short time to-morrow, and it may be impossible
for us to discuss that bill.
Mr. GIIOW. Well, I will give the notice. I
move now that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WHITNEY. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. GROW. I cannot yield any further.
Mr. WHITNEY. I intend to offer a substi-
tute for the bill for the admission of Kansas, and
I desire to introduce it now, in older that'it may
be printed, and be before the House before there
is any further discussion on that measure.
The SPEAKER. It can be received only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. MATTESON. I object, unless it be first
read.
Mr. GROW. I object to its being read, though
I have no objection to its being printed.
Mr. MATTESON. I object.
Mr. GROW. Then I insist upon the motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. STEPHENS. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to say, that the day
after to-morrow he will move the previous ques-
tion ?
Mr. GROW. I will state to the House that I
do not propose to call it before three o'clock oil
that day.
Mr. STEPHENS. Let us understand ! To-
morrow will be Friday—private bill day. Does
the gentleman propose to go on with this busi-
ness to-morrow ?
Mr. GROW. The whole week is set apart for
territorial business.
Mr. STEPHENS. Itis to be understood, then,
that on Saturday the gentlemen will move the
previous question ?
Mr. GROW. Yes, sir.
ARMS TO UTAH AND NEW MEXICO.
Mr. KENNETT. I move a reconsideration
of the vote by which the resolution with, refer-
ence to sending United States arms to the Terri-
tories of Utah and New Mexico was passed yes-
terday.
The motion was received and entered.
The. motion was then taken on Mr. Grow's
motion to suspend the rules; and it was agreed to.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS IN COMMITTEE.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the "Whole
i oa the state oT the Union, (Mr. Lester in the
I chair,) and resumed the consideration of House
bill (No. 2) making appropriations for the com-
pletion of military roads in Oregon Territory—
the pending question being oil the substitute re-
ported by the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 desire to occupy
five minutes jj>n this bill. It is within the knowl-
edge of the House, that afew days ago the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories opposed a.
measure for the building of a penitentiary in
Kansas, on the ground that Kansas was about to
be admitted into the Union as a State. I ask that
gentleman now on what principle itis that he can
vote for an appropriation for Oregon, when Ore-
gon is about to be admitted as a State; when, in
truth, Oregon is more likely to be admitted as a
State than Kansas is ? Oregon comes here under
very different auspices from Kansas. She comes
without there being a single hostile feeling to-
wards her in this House. Here is the chairman
of the Committee on Territories patronizing this
appropriation in respect to a Territory which has
such fair prospects of becoming a member of
this Union. 1 have nothing more to say on that
subject.
But I have another point, and I wish it to ba
undersfood by the House, and by the country.
It is distinctly averred by gentlemen of this com-
mittee that they will starve Kansas out; that, in
the appropriations which are designed to be made
to the Territories, tliey will not be governed by-
considerations of public duty. _
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. This
would lead to endless discussion^
The CHAIRMAN. Tile gentleman is address-
ing his remarks to the question of the Territo-
ries, and there is no doubt of his being in order.
Mr. SMITH. I am very glad the gentleman,
raised the point of order. I think it is well taken
as a point of order, inasmuch as it shows the
whole proceeding to be altogether out of th&
legitimate scope of the rule of conduct which
ought to govern the action of the committee in this
House, and that instead of being governed by
those considerations of right, justice, and pro-
priety, they are governed by their passions, in
refusing to one Territory what they are about to
grant to another.
Mr. GROW. I will answer the gentleman's
first inquiry, as I suppose it is pertinent.^ He
complains that we recommend an appropriation
for Oregon, and refused to recommend one for
the penitentiary in Kansas. I will state to the
gentleman that the Committee on Territories re-
ceived no petition asking for a penitentiary, or
anything else, in Kansas. We had no applica-
tion before us. This bill is not reported by the
Committee on Territories, but from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. Having had nothing
before us in reference to Kansas, it was not to
be supposed that we would recommend an ap-
propriation on our own instance. In addition, I
said, that as our proposition was to admit Kan-
sas into the Union as a State, and as she would
then'build her own public edifices, and take care
of herself, it was not for us to come in and build
her penitentiaries and roads.
I think I have answered the objection of the
gentleman -to this bill. Its merits I know nothing
about. It comes from the Committee on Military
Affairs, and the members of that committee, and
the Delegate from Oregon, know the facts, and
can state them.
Mr LETCHER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words, •' For the con-
sti action of the road from Astoria to Salem, the
sum of $10,000." We have heard a good deal
said, Mr. Chairman, about roads for military pur-
poses, and for other purposes, and that the con-
struction of such roads was within the purview
of the Constitution of the United States. Now,
sir, I have proposed to strike out this item because
I find that ill the original bill reported to this
House that the item was introduced as- $55,000.
I find that the Military Committee cut off §45,000.
Now, how comes this? If this is a military road,
what military engineer surveyed it? Under what
order of the military department of the Govern-
ment was it surveyed ? What agent of the War
Department of this Government hjis furnished
the estimate in regard to one dollar for did eon- .
struetion of a military road from Astoria to oa«
lem? "■ ' "
Mr. LANE. I think the geB&sman from Vir-
ginia had better let me answer Ww now, ana save
