1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
and context of the same and with this act and the
treaties of the United States, be deemed and taken
to include and apply to all the consular officers as
though all such officers were specially named
therein; and the said offcial designations in con-
templation^ all such acts and parts of acts, and
of this act, shall be deemed and taken to have
the respective meanings hereinafter assigned to
them—that is to say, " consul general," " con*
sul," and " commercial agent," shall be deemed
and taken to denote full, principal, and perma-
nent {i consular officers," as distinguished from
subordinates and substitutes; " deputy consul"
and " consular agent" shail be deemed and taken
to denote " consular officers" subordinate to
such principals, exercising the powers and per-
forming the duties within the limits of their con-
sulates or commercial agencies respectively, the
former at the same ports or places, and the latter
at ports or places different from those at which
such pnncjpals are located respectively; and
" vice consuls" and «* vice commercial agents"
shall be deemed and taken to denote " consular
officers" who shall be substituted, temporarily,
to fill the places of " consuls general," " con-
suls," or " commercial agents," when they shall
be temporarily absent or relieved from duty;
and the term ii consular officer," as used in this
act, shall he deemed and taken to include all
such officers as are mentioned in this section,
and none others; and the term <£ diplomatic offi-
cer," as used in this act, shall be deemed and
taken to include all the officers mentioned in the
first section of this act, and none others.
Sec. 32. And be it farther enacted, That if any
consular officer shall willfully neglect or omit to
perfoi m seasonably any duty.imposed upon him
by this or any other act, or by any order or m-
siruction made or giv^n in pursuance of this or
any other act, or shall be guilty of any willful
malfeasance or abuse of power, or any corrupt
conduct in his office, he shall be liable to all pert
sons injured by any such neglect, or omission,
malfeasance, abuse, or corrupt conduct, for all
damages occasioned thereby; and for all such
damages by any.such officer, he, and his sureties
upon his official bond, shall be responsible there-
on, to the full*amount of the penalty thereof, to
be sued in the name of the United States for the
use of the person or persons so injured: Provided,
That such suit shall in no case prejudice, but
shall be held in entire subordination to, Lhe inter-
ests, claims, and demands of the United Stales,
as against such officer, under such bond, for every
willful act of malfeasance or corrupt conduct in
his office; and if any such officer shall refuse to
pay any draft, order, or warrant which may be
drawn upon him by the proper officer of the
Treasury Department for any public moneys of
the United States in his hands, or for any amount
due from him to the United States, whatever the
capacity in which he may have received or may
hold the same, or to transfer or disburse any such
moneys promptly upon the legal requirement of
any authorized officer of the United States, he
shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be pun-
ished by imprisonment not to exceed ten years,
nor less than one year, or by fine not to exceed
two thousand dollars nor less than two hundred
dollars, or both, at the discretion of the court;
and any such officer so offending may be charged,
proceeded against, tried, convicted, and dealt
with, m any district in which he may be arrested
^>r in custody.
Sec.33. And be it further enacted, That the fifth,
sixth, and seventh sections of the act hereinbe-
fore mentioned, approved July twentieth, eigh-
teen bundled and forty, and all of the act entitled
"An act to remodel the diplomatic and consular
systems of the United Slates," approved Maich
first, eighteen hundred and fifty-live, and all
acts and parts of acts whereby any such fees as
are contemplated by the seventeenth section of
this act are iixed or allowed, and any usage or law
wh-jrebv ony attache is or may be allowed to any
locution other than such as arfi provided m this
act, ot requiring any secrotaiy of legation to be
employed otherwise than as provided bjr this act,
and all other acts and parts of acts, so far as the
same are inconsistent with this act, be, and the
same are hereby, annulled and repealed; and no
attache shall be allowed in any case, nor any
secretary of legation, otherwise than as provided
by this act. *
Sec. 34. Andbeit further enacted, That this act
shall take effect on the first day of January next,
and not before.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
Public, LX.—An Act to authorize the Circuit
Court of the District of Columbia to decree the
sale of Real Estate in certain cases.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in all cases in which real estate
within the District of Columbia shall have been
limited heretofore, or shall be limited hereafter,
by the provjpions of any deed or will, to, one or
more, for life orlives, with a contingent limitation
over to such issue of one or more of the tenants
for life as shall be living at the death of their
parent or parents, and the said deed or will con-
taining the limitation shall not prohibit a sale, the
Circuit Court for the District of Columbia, upon
the application of the tenants for life, shall have
power to decree a sale of such real estate, if, upon
the ])roofs, it shall be of opinion that it is expe-
dient to do so, and to dccree to the purchaser an
absolute and complete title in fee simple.
Sec. 2. And'oeit further enacted, That applica-
tion for the sale of such real estate shall be by
bill in equity, verified by the oath or oaths of the
party or parties, in which all the facts shall be
distinctly set forth, upon the existence of which
it is claimed to be expedient thM such sale
should be decreed; which facts shall De proved by
competent testimony. Such of the issi# contem-
plated by the limitation as shall be in existence
at the time of the application for the sale of such
real estate shall be made parties defendant to the
bill, and if minors, by guardian ad litem, togeth-
er with all who would take the estate in ease the
limitation over should never vest. Such of the
parties defendant as shall be of the age of four-
teen years or more shall answer in pioper per-
son, on oath, and all evidence shall be taken upon
notice to the parties and to guardian ad litem.
Sec. 3. And be it Jurther enacted, That the pro-
ceeds of the sale of such real estate shall be held
under the control, and subject to the order, of the
court, and shall be vested, under its order and
supervision, upon real and personal security, or
in Government securities; and the.same shail, to
all intents and purposes, be deemed real estate,
and stand in the place of the real estate from the
sale of which such proceeds have arisen, and, as
such real estate, be subject to the limitations of
the deed or will.* This act shall be in force from
its passage.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
Public, LXI.—An Act to authorize Protection to
be given to Citizens of the United States who
may discover deposits of Guano.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That when any citizen or citizens of
the United States may have discovered, or shall
hereafter discover, a deposit of guano on any
island, rock, or key, not within the lawful juris-
diction of any other Government, and not occu-
pied by the citizens of any other Government,
and shall take peaceable possession thereof, and
occupy the same, said island, rock, or key, may,
at the discretion of the President of the United
States, be considered as appertaining to the
United States: Provided, however, That noticc be
fiven bv such discoverer or discoverers, as soon
as practicable, to the State Department of the
United States, of such discovery, occupation,
and possession, verified by affidavit, describing
said island, rock, or key, and the latitude and
longitude thereof, as near as may be, and snow-
ing that such possession was taken m the name
of the United States, and that satisfactory evi-
dence be furnished to the State Department that
such island, rock, or key, was not, at the time of
the discovery thereof, or of the taking possession
and occupation thereof by the claimants^, in the
possession or occupation of any other Govern-
ment, or of the citizens of any other Govern-
ment.
Sec. 2. JIni'b'e it further enacted, That the said
discoverer or discoverers, or his or their assigns,
being citizens of the United States, may be al-
lowed, at the pleasure of Congress, the exclusive
right of occupying said island, rocks, or keys,
for the purpose of obtaining said guano, and of
selling and delivering the same to citizens of the
United States, for the purpose of being used
therein, and may be allowed to charge and receive
for every ton thereof, delivered alongside a vessel
in proper tubs, within reach of ship's tackle, a
sum not exceeding eight dollars per ton for the
best quality, or four dollars per ton in its native
place of deposit: Provided, however, That no guano
shall be taken from said island, rock, or key,
except for the use of the citizens of the United
States, or of persons resident therein, as afore-
said: And provided also, That said discoverer or
discoverers, or his or their assigns, shall first enter
into bonds, with such penalties or securities as
may be required by the President, to deliver the
said guano to citizens of the United States, for
the purpose of being used therein, and to none
others, and at the price aforesaid, and io provide
all necessary facilities for that purpose within a
time to be fixed in said bond. And any breach
of the provisions thereof shall be taken and
deemed a forfeiture of all rights accruing under
and by virtue of this act.
Sec. 3. And be il further enacted, That the in-
troduction of guano from such islands, rocks, or
keys, shall be regulated as in the coasting trade
between different parts of the United States, and
the same laws shall govern the vessels concerned
therein.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That nothing
in this act contained shall be construed obligatory
on the United States to retain possession of the
islands, rocks, or keys, as aforesaid, after the
guano shall have been removed from the same.
Sec. 5. Andbeit further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States is hereby authorized,
at his discretion, to employ the land and naval
forces of the United States to protect the rights
of the said discoverer or discoverers or their as-
signs, as aforesaid.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, until
otherwise provided by law, all acts done, and of-
fenses or crimes committed on every such island,
rocks,or keys, by persons whomayiand thereon,
or in the waters adjacent thereto, shall be held
and deemed to have been done or committed on
the high seas, on board a merchant ship or vessel
belonging to the United States, and be punished
according to the laws of the United States relat-
ing to such ships or vessels and offenses on the
high seas; which laws, for the purposes afore-
said, are hereby extended to, and over such
islands, rocks, or keys.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
Public , LXII.—An Act to extend the Jurisdiction
of the Corporation of the City of Washington
over the lower Eastern Branch, or Navy-Yard
Bridge, and to regulate Travel upon the upper
Eastern Branch, or Bennmg's Bridge, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by tlte Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the bounds of the corporation of
the City of Washington be, and the same are
hereby, extended so far as to comprehend the
lower Eastern Branch, or Navy-Yard bridge;
and the said corporation is hereby empowered to
adopt rules and regulations for the safety and
security of property and of the persons crossing
the said bridge.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall
not be lawful for any person or persons to ride,
drive, or lead any horse, mule, or other animal
over the wooden part of the upper Eastern Branch,
or Benning's bridge, at a faster gait than a walk;
or to discharge any gun or other fire-arm on or
under the said bridge^ or from the causeway lead-
ing thereto: and all persons violating either of the
provisions^ this section shall forfeit and pay,
for each and every such offense, a penalty of not
more than ten nor less than five dollars, to be
recovered in the name of the United States before
any magistrate of the county of Washington and
District of Columbia, the money wh«n collected
