766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
The SPEAKER. The motion is a privileged
one.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays.
Th« yeas and naya were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ball, Barclay, Bell, Hendley S.
Bennett, Benson, Jii&hop, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Brooks, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Bayard
Clark, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Clingman, Howell Cobb,
Comms, Craige, Crawtoid, JJavidson, Henry Winter Davis,
Day, Dick, Dickson, Durfee, Elliott, Eustis, Evans, Faulk-
ner, Flagler, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gilbert, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Robert B. Hall, J. Morrison
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haven,
Herbert, Hoffman,Thomas R. Ilorton, Valentine B. Horton,
Houston, Hughston, George W.Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Keitt, Kennett, King, Knox, Letcher, Lumpkin, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, Mc-
Queen, Meacham, Miilson, Millwaid, Moore, Nichols,
Norton, Orr, Peck, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Phelps,
Powell, Quitman, Kicaud, Robbins, Rufnn, Rust, Sabm,
Sage, Savage, Scott, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William
R. "Smith, Stewart, Talbott, Trippe, Tyson, Underwood,
Walker, Warner, Winslow, and John V. Wright—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Barbour, Bilhnghurst, Bradshaw, Buf-
finton, Burlingame, James IT. Campbell, John P. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile, Caskie, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Colfax, Cox, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Denver,
Dodd, Dowdeil, Emrie, English, Etheridge, Giddings, Grow,
Harlan, Kelsey, Kidwell, Knight, Knowlton, Lake, Mace,
Matteson, KiUian Miller, Smith Miller, Mott, Andrew
Oliver, Parker, Pearce, Perry, Pike, Puryear, Ritchie, Sapp,
Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Tappan, Todd, Trafton, Vail,
Walbridge, Ellihu B. Washburtie, Watson, Welch, Wells,
WoodrulF, Woodworth, and Zolhcoffer—58.
So the House agreed to adjourn over.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. VALK stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Wade.
SUFFRAGE IN WASHINGTON—AGAIN.
The question recurred on the motion to lay on
the table the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was recommitted to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ball, Barbour, Benson, Bishop,
Bmdili.nv, Broom, Buftinton, Burlmganic, James H. Camp
bell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carlisle, Chf-
fee, Bayard Claik, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comms,
Cox, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis,
J)u*k, Dickson, Durfee, Edwards, Emrie, Etheridge, Eustis,
Evans, Flagler, Robert B. Hall. Harlan, J. Mornson Harris,
Haven, Hoffman, Valentine B. Hoiton, Kennett, 'Knight,
Knox, Luke, Humplm-y Marshall, Matteson, McCarty,
Kilhan Miller, Millward, Moore, Parker, Pearce, Penning-
ton, Pettit, Pike, Poiter, Prlngle, Puryear, Iteade, Rieaud,
Ritchie, Robbing, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Seott, William R.
Smith, Sneed, Stanton, Todd, Trafton, Trippo, Underwood,
Wallmdge. Waldron, Walker, Welch, Woodruff; Wood-
worth, and Zoliicoffer—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Baiclay, Boll, Hendley S. Bennett, Bil-
linghurst, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brook*, Burnett,
Cad walader,Caruthers, Clingman, HowellCobb, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Craige, Crawford, Day,Denver, Dodd, Dowdeil,
Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Goode, Greenwood, Glow, Augustus Hall, Sampson W.
Harus, Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Houston, Hughston,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy .Tone*, Kent, Kidwell, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Maishall, Maxwell, McMulhn,
MeUueeihMeAcham, South Miller, Miilson, Mott, Nichols,
Andicw Olivci, Oir, Peck, Pern, Phelps, Powell, Quitman,
Rufthi, Rim, Savage, Shoit*>r, Samuel A Smith, Spmncr,
Stewart, Talbott, Vaii, Warner, Elhhu B. Washburn?,
Watson, Wells, Winslow, and John V. Wright—72.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, stated that Mr.
Davidson had paired off with Mr. Norton.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. RUST. I ask the unanimous consent of
tho E-Iousc to introduce a bill, which is merely a
local one, and of which previous notice has been
given. I will be absent from the House for a
month after to-day, and I therefore ask to have
the bill received for reference.
There being no objection, a hill to facilitate the
selection of swamp lands in the State of Arkansas
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
this day being, under the rules of the House, set
apart for the consideration of private bills, bills
of that character on the Speaker's table are now
regularly m order for consideration. The first
bill is that reported from the Court of Claims,
on which is pending a motion to commit to the
Committee of the Whole House, and on that
question the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Jones] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask leave to re-
port some bills -from the Committee of Ways and
Means.
There being no objection, Mr. C. reported the
following bills; which were severally read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed:
A bill making appropriations for certain civil
expenses of the Government, for the year ending
June 30, 1857.
A bill making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment, for the year ending June 30,1857.
On motion by Mr. CAMPBELL, House bill
(No. 70) " making appropriations for the pay-
ment of invalid ana other pensions of the United
States, for the year ending June 30, 1857," was
taken up from the Speaker's table, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands a bill " to enable the United
States to make use of the solar compass in the
public service."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
AFFAIRS IN OREGON.
Mr. LANE. I ask leave of the House to make
a statement.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I would like
to ascertain whether I have the floor or not?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor, and does not lose
his privilege if the gentleman from Oregon be
allowed to make his statement. Will the gentle-
man from Oregon state his purpose, and the Chair
will take the sense of the House upon it?
Mr. LANE. My purpose, Mr. Speaker, is to
make a statement of the condition of things in
Oregon Territory.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection made to
the gentleman from Oregon making a statement?
Mr. LANE. I hope there will not be.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I merely wish
to understand how this matter is. I have no de-
sire to occupy the floor at all, either to-day or to-
morrow; but I do not want to have this business
passed over. The Court of Claims has reported
a number of cases which are now lying on the
Speaker's table, and the Committee on Claims
are without a single case. It is important that
this bill should be referred, so that the committee
may have business. I do not propose to occupy
a minute. I ask the Speaker what is the pend-
ing motion in regard to these reports?
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is to
commit the bill reported from the Court of Claims
to the Committee of the Whole House, and print.
Mr. JONES. I merely ask now that it may
be referred to the Committee on Claims; and if
there be no objection to that, I shall certainly not
say a word.
Mr. PRINGLE. I shall object to that.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
to commit it to the Committee of the Whole
House; then the sense of the House will be taken
on committing it to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOUSTON. In that view of the case, I
hope the gentleman from Pennsylvania will yield
to the gentleman from Oregon for a short time.
Mr. JONES. 1 have no objection at all, if it
do not interfere with this business.
Mr. HOUSTON. It docs not.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania does not lose the floor by yielding it to
the gentleman from Oregon. He will be entitled/
to the floor when the gentleman from Oregon
shall have closed.
Mr. JONES. Then I yield the floor. ~
Mr. LANE. Territorial Delegates, Mr. Speak-
er, occupy a peculiar position in this House.
They are not entitled to vote, and raiely have
the privilege of speaking. I do not now ask this
privilege. It is no time to make a speech. We I
have no vote here; and what is, perhaps, more '
unfortunate for us, we have no voice in President-
making. We take no part in the general policy
of the country in this House. The interests of
the Territories which we represent are the only
objects we look to on this floor. As for myself, at
least I can say, they are the only interests that I
have to look after here. I have occupied my seat
here every day since the commencement of the
session, except a very few, as faithfully as if I
were entitled to vote, m the hope of obtaining an
opportunity of making known to the House and .
to the country the condition of affairs in the Ter-
ritory which I represent. This is the first time
I have had an opportunity of occupying the atten-
tion of the House during the present session,
which has continued now five months.
. The news by the steamer which has recently
arrived in New York, is only a continuation of
the news, announcing to us murders—massacres
of the most horrible description having been per-
petrated, week after week, in the Territory of
Oregon, and not only there, but in the adjoining
Territory of Washington. And yet, sir, not a
thing has been done successfully by any depart-
ment of the Government. Nothing effective haa
been done by the Administration, notwithstand-
ing the desire which they no doubt have to afford
us the protection to which we are entitled. But I
must be permitted to say, that no step has thus
far been taken that has been of any service what-
ever to us. The regular forces assigned to the
duty of the protection of these settlements have
utterly failed; they have failed to afford that pro-
tection which the people of the Territory expected;
and but for the prompt and efficient services of the
volunteers in the two Territories, the whole coun-
try would now be a desolate waste, or in the pos-
session of the savages.
I will give a dispatch which I have just re-
ceived by telegraph from New York:
"Dates from Puget's Sound to21st February. Large
force of Indians landed at San Juan Island. Whidby'a
Island attacked, and custom-house robbed. Another out-
bieak on iiogue river; twenty-five reported as killed."
They have taken possession of the custom-
house. Whether they will undertake to appoint
custom-house officers, I will not attempt to say.
But, sir, we have the news of thirty families being
j>ut to death—tomahawked, led to the stake and
tied, the fagots piled round them and set on fire,
and there they are compelled to witness the torture
of each other. The child is compelled to hear
the death-screams of the mother, and the mother
of the child.
I make this statement, Mr. Speaker, that the
House may know the condition of affairs in the
Territories of Oregon and Washington. The
most horrible sufferings are undergone; and if
measures are not speedily taken to prevent these
outrages by the Indians, the settlements will be
soon wiped out. The people will have fallen under
the tomahawks of the savages, and their scalps
hung up in their wigwams. Our people are es-
sentially a peaceful people; but their homes, which
are the homes of civilized and Christian families,
will soon become the haunts of savages.
And, sir, hostilities commenced there in such
a way as ought to have convinced every man who
had the slightest knowledge of the Indian char-
acter, or of that country, that that entire country
was to be invaded by Indians. On the 8th, 9th,
and 10th days of October last, depredations com-
menced in the southern portion of the Territory
of Oregon, and extended to the northern portioa
of Washington, a distance of over six hundred
miles. That fact was of itself sufficient to have
convinced any one who had the slightest knowl-
edge of that country, or of the Indian character,
that a combination had been formed by all the In-
dian tribes in that region; and that war was to be
made upon the settlements; for the purpose, as
they say, of reclaiming their lands, by destroying
the white people who now occupy those lands.
Mr. Speaker, our people are, principally, an
agricultural and grazing community; their wealth,
their means, consist, to a very large extent, in
cattle and stock; but the Indians have taken care
to possess themselves of the stock of a large por-
tion of the Territory. They have driven off and
are living upon them, while the white people of
the settlements are deprived of the means of sub-
sistence.
As I said before, the fact that these hostilities
commenced, almost simultaneously, through a
range of six hundred miles east and west of the
Cascade Mountains, ought to have been sufficient
to have satisfied any man, knowing anything of
the country, or of the Indians, that a war of
extermination had commenced by the Indians
against the*white settlements. It is not an exag-
geration to say, that the force of these various
tribes of Indians muster at least twenty-nine
