32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
to be handed over to the levy court, and by them
applied to such repairs and improvements of the
road, leading to the bridge, as from time to time
may be required.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
Public, LXIII.—An Act to reimburse the State
of Vermont the Expenses incurred by her in
paying her Militia, called out in eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-eight and eighteen hundred and
thirty-nine, to preserve the neutrality of the
country.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to the State of Vermont, out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of four thousand and nine dollars and eighteen
cents, the same being the amount expended by
said State in paying and subsisting her militia
called out'to preserve the neutrality of the United
States, then involved in the troubles on the Can-
ada frontier.
Arrito\im, August 16, 1856.
Public, LXIV.—An Act for the Improvementof
the Navigation of the Patapsco River, and to
render the Port of Baltimore accessible to the
war-steamers of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Tfouse of Repre-
sentative (fthe United States ofJmei iea in Congress
assembled. That the sum of one hundred thousand
dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropilated
out of any money in the Tieasury not otherwise
appropriated, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of War, m deepening the chan-
nel of the Patapsco river, and m iendeuug the
purl of IJallnnoie accessible to the steam-frigates
and other war vessels of the United States.
In the Sf.mate of the Us'inm States, Jlugust
16, 1856.
The President of the United States having re-
turned to she Senate, in which it originated, the
hill entitled "An at t for the impiovement of the
navigation of the Patapsco river, and to render
the port of Baltimore accessible lo (he war steam-
ers of the United States," wilh his object,tons
th<-iefo, the Si nate pt oecedi d, m pui xuanee of the
Constitution, to leeonxider the sane-; and
Resolved, That the said hill do pass, two thirds
of t lie Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: ASiiURY DICiviNS, Secretary.
I\r Tin: TlorsK of Repuesevt\tives or the
Uviri.n Spates, 16, 1856.
The House of Representatives having been
notified by the Senate that the bill entitled ''/Vn
act fur the improvement of the navigation of the
Paiapseo n\«T, and to render the port of Balti-
more accessible to the war steamers of the United
Si.ues,'" had been returned by the President,
Willi his objections, to the Senate, in which it
o) lgiiiat< d,and that the Senate having proceeded,
i n pursuance of the Const nut ion, to reconsider the
same, had "Rewind. That the said bill do pass,
two thuds of the Senate agieeing to pass the
same,"' the i loose of Representatives proceeded,
in pursuance of the Constitution, to reconsider
the said hill; and
fiiwlvedy That the said hill do pass, two thirds
of tin- IJoiifcO of Representatives agreeing to pass
the saiiie.
At Li st: WAI. CULLOM,
Clerk Jfou^e Representative*.
putedfrom the dates on which the lands became |j
subjcct to private entry, after the first or original
offering of the same.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
PriiEic, LXV.— \n Act to fix the Graduation
IVriods of Lands in the Greens burg District, in
the State uf Louisiana.
tic it e)iacled by the Senate and House of Repre-
se nta'ivfi nf ike X'nited States of America in Congress
assembled, That m classifying the unsold and
unappropriated public lands m the ^hstrict of
Gtveasburg, subject to sale, m tin1 State' of Louis-
iana, under the act entitled '• All a''t to gradu-
ate and reduce the price of the public lands to
actual settlers and cultivators," approved August
fouitli, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, the re-
spective periods therein referred to shall be com-
Public, LXVI.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Naval service for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimericain Cortgress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven:
For pay of commission, warrant?, and petty
officers and seamen, including the engineer corps .
of the Navy, three million four hundred and
twenty-one thousand seven hundred and eighteen
dollars.
For provisions for commission, warrant, and
petty officers and seamen, including engineers
and marines attached to vessels for sea-service,
eight hundred and forty thousand four hundred
and fifty dollars.
For increase, repair, armament, and equipment
of the Navy, including the wear and tear of ves-
sels in commission, fuel for steamers, and pur-
chase of hemp for the Navy, two million seven
hundred and ninety-nine thousand five hundred
dollars.
For ordnance and ordnance stores, and small-
aims, includflfcg incidental expenses, two hundred |
and twenty-one thousand dollars. [
For contingent expenses that may accrue for |
the following purposes, viz: freight and trans- )
portation, pnnting*iml stationery, advertising m 1
newspapers, books, maps, models,and drawings, ■
purchase and repair of fire-engines and machinery, I
repairs of and attending to steam-engines in navy- ;
yards, purchase and maintenance of horses and
oxen, and drawing teams, carts, timber wheels, j
and the purchase and repairs of workmen's tools, ;
postage of public let Lei s, fuel, oil, and candles i
for navy-yards and shore-stations, pay of watch- 1
men and incidental labor, not chargeable to any i
other appropiiation, transportation to and labor
attending the delivery of provisions and stores |
on foreign stations, wharfage, dockage, and rent, ;
traveling expenses of officeis and others under 1
ordeis, funeral expenses, store and office rent, I
statioueiy, fuel, commissions and pay of clerks 1
to navy agents and storekeepers, llags, awnings,
and packing-boxes,preiiuunMand othei expenses
of recruiting, apprehending de,;erteis, pei diem
pay to persons attending courts-martial and courts
of inquiry, and other services authoi i/ed bylaw,
pay to judges-advocate, pilotage and towage of
vessels, and assistance tu vessels in distress, bills
of health, and quarantine expenses of vessels of
the United States Navy m foreign ports, eight
hundred and fifty-nine thousand seven hundred
and fifty dollars: Provided, That the expendi-
tures under the foregoing appropriations shall be
so accounted for as to show the disbursements
by each bureau, under each respective appropii-
ation.
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to publish
the ehaits of the explorations of La Platte river,
and the charts of the surveys of Behnng's Straits
Expedition, twenty-six thousand two hundred
:j and eighty-six dollars.
;| That cach puiser attached to a sloop-of-war or
i1 other vessel smaller than a fngate, shall be au~
f thonzed to appoint a clerk in lieu of the steward
!, heretofore alio wed, subject to the approval of the
!' commanding officer of such vessel; and such clerk
' shall have the privileges allowed to the clerk of
! the commanding offiei r, and his yearly compen-
satioii shall be four hundred dollars and one ration
i; per day.
• \ Jtlarine Corps.
| For pay of the officers, non-commissioned
i officers, musicians, and privates, clerks, mes-
j sengers, stewards, and servants, for rations and
i clothing for servants, subsistence, and additional
' rations for five years' service of officers, for
; undrawn clothing and rations, bounties for reen-
i hstments, and pay for unexpired terms of pre-
I vious seiMce, three bundled and twenty-three
thousand two hundred and thirty-three dollars
and ninety-four cents.
For provisions for marines serving on shore,
forty-thousand nine hundred and thirty-four dol-
lars and seventy-five cents.
For clothing, fifty-five thousand two hundred
and sixty-four dollars.
For fuel, twenty thousand one hundred and
eighty dollars and sixty-two cents.
For military stores, repairs of arms, pay of
armorer, for accouterments, ordnance' stores,
flags, drums, fifes, and musical instruments, nine
thousand dollars.
For transportation of officers and troops, and
expenses of recruiting, twelve thousand dollars.
For the erection and completion of marine bar-
racks at Brooklyn, New York, ninety-six thou-
sand dollars.
For the erection and completion of marine bar-
racks at Pensacola, Florida, sixty thousand dol-
lars.
For repairs of barracks, and rent of temporary
barracks and offices, eight thousand dollars.
For contingencies, viz: freight, ferriage, cart-
age, and wharfage, compensation to judges-advo-
cate, per diem for attending courts-martial and
courts of inquiry, for constant labor, house rent
in lieu of quarters, burial of deceased marines,
printing, stationery, postage, apprehension of
deserters, oil, candles, gas, forage, straw, furni-
ture, bed sacks, spades, shovels, axes, picks,
carpenters' tools, keep of a horse for the messen-
ger, pay of matron, washerwoman, and porter at
the hospital headquarters, and for the building of
two cisterns at headquarters, thirty-two thousand
five hundred dollars.
navy-yauds.
For the construction and completion of works,
and for the current repairs at the several navy-
yards, viz:
. Portsmouth, New Hampshire.—For completing
launching ways to ship house number foui, pitch
house, tools for machinists and smiths, timber
slip, dredging, fcnccs, completing the extension
of ship house number four, repairs of all kinds,
seventy-eight thousand two hundred dollars.
Boston.—For stonewall and filling around ma-
chine shop, battery, and ordnance quay, paving,
pile-wharf, gas-pipes and burners for yard and
officers' quarters, cleaning out timber dock, braid-
ing machine, fittings for hide cutter, bobbins for
ropewalk, and strop gauging machine for block
shop, dry-dock engine's, (deficiency,) completing
shear wharf, engine for gun carriage shop, steam
pump for watering ships, and for repairs of all
kinds, one hundred and twenty-one thousand
three hundred and fifty dollars.
*Yev% York.—For building and completing store-
house, building and completing coal house, ex-
tending quay wall,launching ways in ship houses
D and E, dredging channels, repairs of cob wharf,
dry dock, paving and flagging, permanent fix-
tures for heating saw mill, improvement of new
purchase for site of manne barracks, and piling
for the same, if necessary filling low places, com-
pleting water pipes,lightning conductors,extend-
ing sewcis, completing steaming house and ma-
chinery, completing oakum picking machine, and
1 engme for the same, stable for commandant's
horse, and for repairs of all kinds, four hundred
and twenty-one thousand four hundred and
twenty-two dollars.
For deficiency for castings for engine house,
1 one thousand four hundred and sixty-six dollars^
and fifty-eight cents.
Philadelphia.—For steam-house and stoves,
dredging channels, repairs of dock, basin, and
railway, building and completing guard houses,
building and completing offices, and repniis of all
kinds, sixty-four thousand five hundred and twen-
ty dollars.
Washington.—For completing extension of boil-
er shop, completing conversion of old ordnance to
machine shop, timber shed, pavements, drains,
and gutters, grading and filling, dredging, exten-
sion of iron foundcry, machinery and tools, and .
for repairs of all kinds, two hundred and twenty-
one thousand and eight}-eight dollars.
For completing repairs of brass foundery, de-
stroyed by fire, five thousand five hundred and
fifty dollars.
