1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
thousand warriors; and, as I hare said, they are
rnassacreirig whole families.
Now, it may be asked, why do I make this
statement now when there is no bill—no propo-
sition of any description before the House for
the relief of our people. It will be borne in
mind that the first bill introduced into the House
the present session, was a bill providing for pay-
ing volunteers and expenses incurred by our peo-
ple in defending the settlements; which bill was
referred to.the Committee on Military Affairs, of
which committee my gallant friend from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Quitman] is chairman, consequently
the bill is not now before the House.
The army, sir, under the command of General
Wool, has failed to protect the settlements or to
inflict that punishment upon the Indians which
their offenses deserved. All the protection af-
forded the settlements, and the punishment given
to the Indians, so far, has been done by the vol-
unteers. General Wool, whom I know to be a
brave man and a gallant officer, is found to be
unequal to the task of repelling the depredations
of these Indians, unequal to the task of coping
with them in their mode of warfare, in the mount-
ains, in the valleys, and in the forests. He has
not been able to overtake and punish them for
their conduct.
We have had a bill introduced for raising a regi-
ment of mounted volunteers, for the protection of
that country, by the gentleman from Washington
Territory, (Mr. Anderson,] which is also in the
hands of my friend from Mississippi, the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs. In
the deficiency bill which passed this House, went
to the Senate, and was passed there with sundry
amendments, there should be provision for an
appropriation of $300,000, for the purpose of de-
fending the settlements in Oregon and Washing-
ton Territories, a portion of which country has
now fallen into the hands of the Indians. The
United States custom-house there has been taken
possession of by them. This appropriation was
recommended by the President, in a message sent
to us, which, on my motion, v/as sent to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. The vote by which
that reference was had was afterwards recon-
sidered, and the message was sent to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. The same disposition
of the message was made in the Senate that was
made of it in the House—it was sent to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. The chairman in that
body stated that he did not feel it to be his duty to
ask that the appropriation should be made in an
amendment covering the amount I have indicated,
for the reason that he believed the subject had
taken a wrong course.
I mention these things, Mr. Speaker, for the
purpose of calling the attention of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means particularly
to the matter. This deficiency bill, with the Senate
amendments, is now before that committee. By
the last mail we have an account of an engagement
atPuget's Sound between the Indians enlisted on
our side and those who were our enemies. This
$300,000 appropriation is to enable the agents to
secure the services of these friendly Indians. By
Indians can Indians be hunted to their lair with
much success. They can go where the white
man cannot readily go. I have had some expe-
rience in this thing. I have traveled, I have
hunted, and I have been in battle with the Indi-
ans. I think that I am a good Indian fighter; and
I have a great inclination to go out to Oregon and
assist its people in their defense.
If the Indian hostilities continue until another
mail arrives, I do not know but I will do this.
Let that he as it may—I know enough of the
Indian character to be satisfied that the Indians
at war with our people cannot be effectually put
down during the summer. They have in that
country hiding-places; they have mountains to
which they can fly for refuge, which are of the
steepest ascent. Tliey can put themselves beyond
the reach of the gallant old hero of Buena Vista
and his forces. If they could be brought to a
general engagement, they would be utterly de-
feated; but they will not do so. They evade a
general conflict. It is not the way they fight.
They dash, of a sudden, into the settlements,
raise havoc, and scalp women and children, and
then flee to their hiding-places, where the old
General cannot reach them.
Mr. Speaker, while I have been speaking, the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
has had the kindness to prepare a bill to carry out
the object which I have in view. No time ought
to be lost in the matter; and I have risen in order
to have something done. I wish some measure
of relief passed for the people of Oregon in time
to let them know of it by the return mail. The
bill is for an appropriation of $300,000, the amount
recommended by the President; and I hope it will
be passed and the money sent to the people of the
Territory as soon as possible. I ask leave to in-
troduce the following bill:
A bill making appropriations for the suppression of Indian
hostilities m the Territories of Oregon and Washington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
in Congress assembled, That the sum of" .*300,000 be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated; to be expended by
the President of the Unitea States in suppressing Indian
hostilities in the Territories of Oregon and Washington.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the in-
troduction of the bill ?
Mr. CARLILE. When does the mail return
for HR-egon and Washington ?
Mr. LANE. The mail closesatNew York on
the 5th of April, and in Washington at two
o'clock, on the 3d of the same month.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Does the gentle-
man from Oregon introduce his bill for reference
merely ?
Mr. LANE. I ask that it may be now con-
sidered and passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It contains an appropria-
tion, and under the rule must go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. The
deficiency bill is before the Committee of Ways
and Means; and if the House resolves itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union during the next week, we may consider
and pass the amendment of the Senate to which
the gentleman referred.
Several Members. We can suspend the rules
by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. They can be suspended by
unanimous consent. The gentleman from Or-
egon asks unanimous consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman proposes
to refer his bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means, or the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, I will interpose no objection
to its introduction. It does seem to me to be an
extraordinary way of passing appropriation bills,
to pass them by unanimous consent, without un-
dergoing the usual order of proceedings, on uncer-
tain rumor in reference to difficulties on the fron-
tier. I appreciate fully the feelings of the gentle-
man "from Oregon. I have no doubt that he speaks
truly; but may not there be some mistake in
reference to this subject? Let the bill go to the
Committee of Ways and Means, or to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and I will make no objection.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman from
Ohio object?
Mr. CAMPBELL. If it is proposed to put the
bill on its passage, I object. I feel it to be my
duty to do so as chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. LANE. Mr. Speaker, I have no desire to
do anything in this House which will incur the
displeasure of any member. I wish to extend to
each gentleman the courtesy which belongs to
him. I wish to have subjects of legislation take
the usual and regular course. But let me tell the
gentleman from Ohio that what I have stated to
the House are no tales of fiction. I will never
rise here to make a statement of the truth of
which I have the least doubt. I have in my scrap-
book the numbers, and many of the names, of
those who have been so foully slaughtered by the
Indians.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. What is the difficulty
in the way of the President's directing troops to
be levied at once in order to suppress insurrection
without appropriation of money?
Mr. LANE. In response to my friend from
Kentucky, I will say that the reason for this par-
ticular appropriation is, that it was recommended
by the Secretary of the Interior for the very pur-
pose I mentioned a short time since—to retain the
friendship of a certain portion of the Indians on
and around Puget Sound and in portions of Ore-
gon; and that, if this money was placed in the
hands of the Governors of Oregon and Wash-
ington Territories, they could secure the friend-
ship of a sufficient portion of the Indians of that
country to enable them to assist the volunteers to
defend the settlements against the depredations of
the warlike tribes. You cannot keep the Indians
in your service upon a promise merely. You
must make good to them every word you say.
When you tel! him he shall be paid, it. must be
done, and there must be no failure.
I say, then, it is absolutely necessary that this
appropriation should be made, so that the inform-
ation may go by the next mail, if possible. But
I do not wish to incur the opposition of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, or
of any other gentleman. But this appropriation
ought to be made, and the money ought to be sent
out by the return mail, for that country is being
literally laid waste. *
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire the permission
of the gentleman from Oregon to make a sug-
gestion , which will perhaps obviate the difficulty
interposed by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. LANE. Certainly.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I am aware, indeed I
know, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and those who are associated with ,
him, would consent to consider a proposition of
this sort immediately, if they were of the opinion
that the necessities were such as to require it. I
suggest, then, that the gentleman from Ohio with-
draw his opposition to the introduction of the
bill, and that the gentleman from Oregon move
that the bill be read a second time and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means; and that
at the next session of the committee he appear
before them, and show the necessity of action
upon this bill at once, without awaiting the tardy
process through which the regular appropriation
bills have to pass. Under such circumstances,
the committee may be induced to report the bill
on Monday, and then the House can take imme-
diate action upon it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Of course I have
had no opportunity to confer with my colleagues,
upon the Committee of Ways and Mcans;andin
speaking to-day I speak for myself only, as chair-
man of the committee. If the gentleman from
Oregon desires to introduce that bill and have it
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
I think I may be justified in saying that, after
having heard the statement of the gentleman from
Oregon in reference to the condition- of affairs
in that Territory, that coirypittee will meet this
evening with a view to consider his bill in con-
nection with the deficiency bill, which is now be-
fore the committee, with the amendments which
have been placcd upon it by the Senate. I have
labored every day, as the House well knows, to
press forward the business of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and I say for my colleagues,
that, from the time the committee was organized,
we have been constantly laboring every morning
with a view to bring forward the bills.
Mr. LANE. If the gentleman will allow me to
interrupt him, I will put an end to this matter. I
am inclined to think that the suggestion made by
the gentleman from Arkansas, and the gentleman
from Ohio, as to the course which this bill should
take, is the best which can be adopted. 1 have
never felt that the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means has ever been negligent in the
discharge of his duties in any manner. On the
contrary, I believe he has been, and will continue
to be, faithful in the discharge of his duties as
chairman of that committee.
I am very much indebted to the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman,"] the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, for suggesting
this bill, and I will accept the suggestion of the
gentleman from Ohio, and ask that the bill be
read a second time, and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means; with the hope, Mr. Speaker,
that the chairman of that committee will be able
to present the bill, and have it acted upon, in
time to have the instructions go to the superin-
tendents of Indian affairs, or to the Governors
of Oregon and Washington Territories by the
mail of the 5th of April.*
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will state that I will con-
* Since the foregoing speech was deliveied, I have re-
ceived news of tile murder of from twenty to thirty persons
near the mouth of ltogue river, in the" southern part of
Oie on Territoiy. These persons weie farmers, and a
smaTl portiou of a volunteer company stationed to defend
tliem. They were attacked suddenly, and after fighting
