1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Norfolk.—For grading and draining, iron rail-
way and cars, dredging, continuing quay wall,
timber landing and slip at saw mill, masting
shears, engines, tools, cranes, and lighters, com-
pleting and extending saw mill, and for repairs
of all kinds, two hundred and six thousand five
hundred dollars.
Pensacola.—For completing permanent wharf,
deep basin and dredging, completing rail tracks,
completing removal of sunken caisson, complet-
ing extension of granite wharf, dredging and piers
in front of basin, mast shears, kitchen to ordinary
quarters, repairs of dock, basin, and railway,
completing wharves, paint shop, lightning con-
ductors, and for repairs of all kinds, one hundred
and seventy-seven thousand nine hundred and
thirty-four dollars.
San Francisco.—For four houses for officers,
steam box, pitch kettles, wharf, with stone wall,
saw mill, artesian well, grading, completing
smithery, joiners'shop and timber shed, store-
house, and wharf, three hundred and twenty-
two thousand dollars.
Hospitals:
For the construction and completion of works,
and for current repairs of the several naval hos-
pitals:
Boston.—For building and completing surgeon's
house, and for repairs of all kinds, sixteen thou-
sand seven hundred and fifty dollars.
JVeio YorL.—For biick building, machinery, and
fixtures for warming and ventilating hospital, for
filling andgradmg cemetery, repairs of laboratory
buildings, repairs of all kinds, twenty thousand
six hundred and fifty dollars.
Naval Asylums:
Philadelphia.—For painting and repairing main
building, governor's anil surgeon's houses, iron
roiling for southwest wall, repairs of furnaces, I
grates, furniture, cleaning and whitewashing, gas, j
water rent, and miscellaneous repairs, eight thou- i
sand nine hundred dollars.
Jforfollc.—For repairs of all kinds, six thou-
sand dollars.
Pensacola.—For wall around burial ground,
steam boiler, pump and reservoir, draining and
filling ponds, and for general repairs, eighteen
thousand five hundred dollars.
Magazines:
For the construction and completion of works,
and for the current repairs at the several naval i
magazines:
Portunouth, Nem Hampshire.—For ordnance
building, shell house for loaded shells, gun skids
and shot beds, forty thousand dollars.
Boston.—For repairs of all kinds, one thou-
sand dollars.
Aeic York.—For altering gunners' to store-
house, shot beds, skids, powder boat, dredging,
and repairs of all kinds, sixteen thousand dol-
lars.
Washington.—For building and completing iron
shed for ordnance purposes, twenty-two thousand
dollars.
JS'orfolk.—For repairs of wall at Fort Norfolk,
shot beds, gun skids and crane, new machinery
and tools, eleven thousand dollars.
Pensacola.—For brick wall around shell house,
and for current repairs, two thousand six hundred
dollars.
For pay of superintendents, naval construct-
ors, and all the chil establishments at the several
navy-yards and stations, one hundred and twenty-
five thousand seven hundred and eighty-two dol-
lars.
For the purchase of nautical instruments re-
quired for the use of the Navy; for repairs of the
same, and also of astronomical instruments; and
for the purchase of nautical books, maps, and
charts, and for backing and binding the same,
twenty thousand dollars.
For printing and publishing sailing directions,
hydrographic'al sun eys, and astronomical obser-
vations. fifteen thousand dollars: Provided, That
the charts shall be sold when completed, and the
instruments used be of American manufacture.
For continuing the publication of the series of
wind and current charts, and for defraying all the
expenses connected therewith, eighteen thousand
dollars.
For models, drawings, and copying, postage,
34th Conk.—1st Sess.—3,
freight, and transportation, for working litho-
graphic press, including chemicals, for keeping
grounds in order, for fuel and lights, and for all
other contingent expenses of the United States
Naval Observatory and hydrographical office,
twelve thousand dollars.
For the wages of persons employed at the
United States Naval Observatory and hydro-
graphical office—viz: one lithographer, one in-
strument maker, two watchmen, and one porter;
three thousand one hundred and sixty dollars.
For erection, improvement, and repairs of
buildings and grounds, and support of the Naval
Academy at Annapolis, Maryland, thirty-nine
thousand five hundred and ninety-five dollars and
twenty-two cents.
For preparing the American Nautical Almanac,
twenty-five thousand seven hundred and thirty-
two dollars and sixty-four cents.
For Stevens's war steamer, eighty-six thou-
sand seven hundred and seventeen dollars and
eighty-four cents.
For completing basin and railway at the navy-
yard at San Francisco, three hundred and five
thousand dollars.
For completing coal depot at Key West, Flor-
ida, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That out of
the sum of thirty-one thousand five hundred dol-
lars, appropriated by " Act making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,"
approved third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, "For contingencies of the Marine Corps,"
there be allowed and paid any expenses which
have been incurred for the purpose of introducing
gas into the quarters and hospital head-quarters,
and for lighting tlie same.
Approved, August 16, 185G.
Public, LXVII.—An Act to regulate the Com-
pensation of Members of Congress.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the compensation of each Senator,
Representative, and Delegate in Congress shall be
six thousand dollars for each Congress, and mile-
age as now provided by law for two sessions only,
to be paid in manner following, to wit: on the first
day of each regular session each Senator, Repre-
sentative, and Delegate shall receive his mileage
for one session, and on the first day of each month
thereafter, during such session, compensation at
the rate of three thousand dollars per annum
during the continuance of such session, and at
the end of such session he shall receive the resi-
due of his salary due to him at such time at the
rate aforesaid still unpaid; and at the beginning
of the second regular session of the Congress,
each Senator, Representative, and Delegate shall
receive his mileage for such second session, and,
monthly during such session, compensation at
the rate of three thousand dollars per annum till
the fourth day of March terminating the Con-
gress, and on that day each Senator, Represent-
ative, and Delegate shall be entitled to receive
any balance of the six thousand dollars not there-
tofore paid in the said monthly installments as
above directed.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the Senate pro tempore, when there shall
be no Vice President, or the Vice President shall
have become President of the United States, shall
receive the compensation provided by law for the
Vice President; and the Speaker of the House
of Representatives shall receive double the com-
pensation above provided for Representatives,
payable at the times and in the manner above
provided for payment of the compensation of
Representatives.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That this law
shall apply to the present Congress; and each
Senator, Representative, and Delegate shall be
entitled to receive the difference only between
their per diem compensation already received
under the law now in force, and the compensation
provided by this act.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That m the
event of the death of any Senator, Representative,
or Delegate, prior to the commencement of the
first session of the Congress, he shall be neither
entitled to mileage or compensation; and in the
event of death after the commencement of any
session, his representatives shall be entitled to
receive so much of his compensation, computed
at the rate of three thousand dollars per annum,
as he may not have received, and any mileage
that may have actually accrued, and be due and.
unpaid.
Sec. 5. Jlnil be it further enacted, That if any
books shall hereafter be ordered to, and received
by members of Congress by a resolution of either
or both Houses of Congress, the price paid for
the same shall be deducted from the compensa-
tion hereinbefore provided for such member or
members: Provided, however, That this shall not
extend to books ordered to be printed by the pub-
lic printer during the Congress for which the said
member shall have been elected.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That it shall
bo the duty of the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House
and Secretary of the Senate, respectively, to de-
duct from the monthly payments of members as
herein provided for, the amount of his compen-
sation for each day that such member shall be
absent from the House or Senate, respectively,
unless such Representative, Senator, or Delegate,
shall assign as the reason for such absence the
sickness of himself or of some member of his
family.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it f urther enacted, That all acts
or parts of acts inconsistent with, or repugnant
to the provisions of this act, be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
Approved, August 16, 1856.
Public, LXVIII.—An Act to amend the Acts
regulating the Fees, Costs, and other Judicial
Expenses of the Government in the States, Ter-
ritories, and District of Columbia, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That hereafter, before the accounts of
the United States marshals, district attorneys,
and clerks, are presented to the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury Department for settlement,
they shall be examined and certified to by the
district judge of the United States in the district
in which the officers presenting the accounts offi-
ciate, whether in the States or Territories, and
the same shall be subject to revision upon their
merits by said accounting officers, as in case of
other public accounts: Provided, however, That
no accounts of fees or costs paid to any witness
or juror, upon the order of any judge or commis-
sioner, shall be so reexamined as to charge any
marshal for an erroneous taxation of such fees or
costs.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
accounts of the commissioners of the United
States circuit^courts shall be examined and cer-
tified to by the district judge of the district in
which they are appointed, previous to their pre-
sentation to, or revision by, the accounting olfi-
cers of the Treasury Department.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in no
case shall the fees of more than four witnesses be
taxed against the United States in the examina-
tion of criminal cases before the commissioners of
the United States circuit courts, unless their ma-
teriality and importance shall first be approved
and certified to by the United States district
attorney for the district in which *the examina-
tion shall take place, subject to revision, as ill
other cases.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That in all
these cases before mentioned, an appeal shall lie
from the decision of the accounting officers to the
Secretary of the Interior. •
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the judges
of the supreme court in each of the Territories,
or a majority of them, shall, when assembled at
their respective seats of government, fix and ap-
point the several times and places of holding the
several courts in their respective districts, and
limit the duration of the terms thereof: Provided,
That the said courts shall not be held at more
than three places in any one Territory: And pro-
vided further, That the judge or judges holding
such courts shall adjourn the same, without day,
at any time before the expiration of such terms,
