1856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
75?
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
and their associates, or men of the same princi-
ples. At all events, no man who has the least
regard for the rights or dignity of the free States
at heart, will consent to put liberty under the
guardianship of our present President. It would
be to make Kansas a slave State without a strug-
gle, and to give the robbers, plunderers, and con-
querors of Kansas, the full benefit of the war they
have so unjustly waged against the rights of
freedom. For one, I will never submit the fete
of Kansas to a contingency. She must be a free
State. Before they were conquered, the free-State
men, and all others, met in fair convention, and
made a free constitution. It was the fair expres-
sion of the will of the people by a vast majority,
and under it Kansas should be admitted as a free
State into the Union; and nothing leas than this
should satisfy the people of Kansas or the free
States.
And no reason exists now why all should not
vote for their admission. The old plea was, that
there were not a sufficient number of inhabitants.
This is now given up. In short, this last bill
of the committee will surrender the Territory,
bound hand and foot, into the hands of the slave-
holders, give the border ruffians the benefit of
their crimes, and certainly make a slave State of
Kansas. I, for one, will never submit to it; let
the Territory rather go back into the hands of the
savages. I shall therefore vote- against this bill,
and in favor of the Constitution. It can be ad-
mitted in an hour, as a free State, and then all
will be peace; or the Territory may be kept in a
state of turmoil, bloodshed, and civil war, for a
time longer, in the vain hope that it will yet be
made a slave State. Mr. President, I hope that
the effectual and peaceable remedy will prevail.
Mr. BIGGS obtained the floor.
Mr. PUGH. Will my friend allow me to say
a few words at once in reference to what my col-
league has said of me ?
Mr. BIGGS. I yield the loor for that pur-
pose.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I regret the ne-
cessity of accepting the kindness of the Senator
from North Carolina; but it can hardly be ex-
pected that I should allow the remarks-of my
colleague to pass- without some observation. I
am surprised at the course of those remarks; I
am surprised at the temper with which ray col-
league delivered them; and I am surprised at the
length to which he has gone.
My colleague undertakes to lecture me for not
obeying the resolutions of the present Legisla-
ture of Ohio. When did my colleague fall in
love with the right of instruction ? He was elected
to the Senate in February, 1851; and from the
day on which he took a seat in this Chamber until
January last, almost, or quite, two thirds of each
House in the Ohio Legislature have been utterly
opposed to him; and yet, sir, he neither respected
their opinions, nor resigned. I appeal from this
Legislature to the people; and before that august
ami final authority, at the proper time, I mean
to be heard. To all the taunts, therefore, in
which my colleague has indulged so frequently
since this sessionbegan, I now tell him, fully pre-
pared for the consequences, that neither before
our common constituency, nor here, nor any-
where else, da I fear him or any of his allies. I
believe that the people of Ohio are attached-to
the Constitution and the Union; and I believe,
also, that when the tide of fanaticism which
swept over so many northern Spates shall have
ebbed away—as, thank God, it is now fast" ebb-
ing—the people will read with amazement, with
indignation, the resolutions sent hither hy the
Legislature.
My colleague cannot have been disposed to do
me justice in any particular. At the outset, al-
most, of his remarks, turning to the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] and myself, as we hap-
pened to be sitting next each other, he said that
" honorable" Senators from the southern States
disdained to use certain arguments which some
Senators from the northern States employed—•
or, in substance, that we had gone hither and
yon, through this debate, like scavengers, to pick
up the offal which our betters disdained. Now,
sir, that was not witty; it certainly was not
respectful, nor even decent. Itwao^not languor
that became a Senator; it was not language that
became any gentleman.
I have never used a word, heretofore, of any
Senator, reflecting upon his motives in the least
degree. Let my colleague examine all the
speeches I have made—those which were made
with deliberation, and- those which were made
upon the spur of the moment, and he will not
find a sentence calculated to wound the honor of
any Senator, or any person whomsoever. And
yet he has risen here this day, to assert that I
do not speak and vote according to the dictates
of my own judgment, and under the^>bligation of
my oath, but so deport myself only to secure the
favor or the smiles of Senators from the southern
States. Mr. President, if you, and I, and others
like us, have been able to attain a position equal
to that of my colleague, entertaining sentiments
which (as he declares) are obnoxious to two
thirds of our constituents, how much more could
we not have attained if we had imitated his course,
and endeavored to stimulate the prejudices of our
several sections? Let my colleague think of that.
Unintentionally, while engaged in abusing them,
he has conferred on his opponents the nighest
compliment he can bestow. He has admitted
them to be men who achieve success, not by run-
ning with the wind, but against it.
What, sir, can these southern Senators do for
us? What favors, beyond those which one gen-
tleman bestows upon another, can my friend
here {Mr. Mallory] bestow on me ? He cannot
vote for my reelection; he can exert no influence
at all in that regard. And so, of every man in
his State. I have nothing to expect from the
citizens of Florida; but as they are my country-
men—entitled to equal rights, with me, under the
Constitution—I will not tolerate any injustice
towards them. If I were anxious for popularity
at home—that popularity which alone could con-
fer office or benefits upon me, I should pursue
the very course which my colleague regrets (as
he says) I have not pursued. It was within my
choice, sir, to have abetted the violent assault
now-made against the southern States, and I
should have been quite as acceptable an ally,
perhaps, as my utmost vanity could desire.
My colleague demands of me, personally,what
certain gentlemen (whom he names) had aonejn
Kansas, that they should have been killed or
abused? Has my colleague heard me justify, or
even apologize, for any homicide or other violence
committed in Kansas? If he can find a paragraph
or sentence of that character in my spcech, let him
now point it out. He has heard nothing from me
on that subject except in deprecation of the vio-
lence upon both sides; and throughout! this> dis-
cussion I have endeavored not to increase the
bitterness, but to allay it—not to render the con-
sequences more serious, but to provide a remedy
which shall be just, reasonable, and conducive to
peace and general satisfaction.
My colleague asserts that, in my heart of hearts,
I love slavery, and hate liberty. That sir, is a
hard accusation. Who constituted him my judge?
By what authority does-my colleague assume to
himself the awful prerogatives of Omniscience ?
On what meats has he so fed, that he should read
not only the speeches, but the hearts of men—
that he should stand here, day after day, to utter
the condemnation of others? You would almost
imagine, from his language and gestures, that he
was the only accredited representative of Ohio in
Confess—nay, sir, that he impersonated all the
northern States, and, indeed, all human nature.
And now, not contented with all these assump-
tions, he affects, to be theequal of the Deity in attri-
bute, and tells me that, whatever my professions
or protestations, I love slavery at heart, and hate
liberty with a'l the hatred of which I am capable.
Of that accusation, also, I say that it was neither
witty, nor respectful, nor appropriate. It did
not become my colleague; it aid not become this
presence, northis occasion.
He affirms, also, that I have arraigned all the
other members of the Ohio delegation in Con-
gress. Where? On what occasion? With what
words ? When did I ever arraign my colleague
himself? I ask the Senate tot>ear witness—I de-
mand of the Representatives of Ohio, inthe other
House, on$ and all—where, in the whole course
of my career as a member of. Congees*, have I
uttered a syllable which could be construed as
expressing the least censure, or any sentiment,
indeed, other than cordial respect. That accusa-
tion was wanton; it was wholly gratuitous. I
cannot imagine—I am lost in endeavoring to im-
agine, what pretext my colleague could have for
this assault to-day when I had just returned to
my seat, and had not opened my lips in debate.
Then, sir, my colleague thinks it matter of
high condemnation that I should have adverted
to a legal principle—familiar (he says) to every'
justice of the peace—that the acts of an officer it
! facto are valid, as respects the public, although
j his title to the office may be baa. I thank my
i colleague not only for admitting the correctness
of this doctrine, but for declaring that even jus-
tices of the peace are familiar with it. He can-
not accuse me, certainly, of an attempt to acquire
credit for mere learning, or unusual-investiga-
tion. He berates me, however, for the citation
of English authorities. Sir, he is too fast; I cited
no English decision, although I might properly
have done so. I stood upon the decisions of the -
. supreme court of Ohio, and gave the names of
those decisions. I did not seek the authority of -
the English courts. I went to the highest court
of the State which he and I alike represent; and
the cases decided in that tribunal were of such
remarkable appropriateness, so far in advance of
any other illustration to be found in the books,
that I selected them. If any gentleman interested
in the question will refer to those cases, the titles
of which are printed in the report of my speech,
he will find that they bear directly upon the prop-
osition.
Then my colleague thinks it was foolish in me
to attach any importance to the certificates of the
territorial Governor. What document admitted
my colleague to a seat on this floor ? What was
the talisman before which your Doorkeeper gave
| way, and which, upon its presentation, induced
| you or your predecessor to administer to him
I an oath of office1, and allow him to sit here and.
vote, in exclusion of those gentlemen who fill the
galleries? It was a Governor's certificate; nothing
more nor less. That is the evidence by whicn
Senators and Representatives are recognized; and
I believe, notwithstanding the sneers of my col-
league, it must be considered as a document of
some importance.
My colleague charges me, alto, with having1
extolled two sections of the penal statutes of Kan-
sas. I did nothing of this sort. He has misap-
prehended* the whole tenor of my remarks. I
said that the legislation was not unexampled—
that was my proposition. There are statutes of
similar import in many of the States. There are
statutes even more severe than these. I said of
them, sir, that they were couched in terms not
1 readily intelligible; andl paid,as I say now, that
I in so far as the eleventh section provided a pun-
; ishment for the offense of exciting an insurrec-
j tion of slaves, it could be defended anywhere,
j As to the twelfth section, to which niy colleague
1 specially referred, I condemned that in broad
terms, and said that it ought to be annulled; and
furthermore,. I gaye nay full assent to the sug-
gestion of the venerable Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass,] that Congress should so amend the
organic law of the Territory as to supersedere
tests established by the Legislature. I bad, in
fact, done more. I had then prepared, and have
now in my desk, a joint resolution to annul these-
very objectionable provisions; and I should have
asked leave to introduce it this morning, but for
the fact, that the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Clayton] has, during my absence, introduced a
bill to the same effect.
Where, then, doe* my collaague jind a pretext
for his railing accusations ? Is it necessary to
the expression or defense of his - own opinions,
that he should select me as a particular antago-
nist, and asperee my conduct and motives in this
harsh manner? He refers also to the indictment
ofReeder, Robinson, and their associates, for trea-
son. HeSilie heard me sty le any man in Kansas
a traitor? Can he find that word even in any
speech I have delivered? No, sir, he cannot. I
b^eve that, those men instigated a serious resist-
ance to the execution of the laws; and such of
them as took arms- in their hands were guilty of
Miiuii mill iuji.ru rnnintnwft ButXam.fieetttsay,
