768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31.
vene the committee, contrary to our understand-
ing this morning, on to-morrow morning. We
will then consider the subject of the bill; and if
the committee conclude to report it, they will re-
port it on Monday morning, and then the House
can, if they choose, go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and consider the
bill.
JSTo objection being made, the bill was then read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
KANSAS INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
Mr. WALKER. I ask leave to present the
following resolution:
Resolved, That, in the judgment of this House, it is not
proper for the Kansas investigating committee to pioceed to
that Territory to enter upon their inquiries until the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary reportupon the resolution offered by
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,J instructing
them to ascertain whether the said Kansas committee have
the power to coeice the attendance of witnesses and punish
for contempt.
Mr. MATTESON. I object.
Mr. WALKER. Allow me to say one word,
and I think the objection will be withdrawn.
Mr. MATTESON. The objection will not be
withdrawn.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to allow me to make
a report on behalf of the Hon. M. Taylor, from
the Committee on Claims, in order that it may
be referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and printed.
A Mem«eh. I object.
Mr. HAVEN. I submit that this being pri-
vate bill day, it is in order to make a report from
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is in order
when the committees are called in order for re-
ports.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I should like
to have a little parliamentary question settled be-
fore I go any further; and that is, when the floor
is assigned to one member upon one subject,
upon what principle another member is recog-
nized by the Chair, and takes his place upon
the floor, and asks the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce a resolution? I merely ask
the Speaker for information. I am under the
impression that, by the rules of the House, after
the Speaker has recognized a member, no other
person can supersede him, unless he rises to a
point of order, or to privileged question. Do
I understand that objection is made to the pre-
sentation of this report?
The SPEAKER. The Chair assigned the floor
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania on the report
from the, Court of Claims. That question is be-
fore the House. The gentleman, however, has not
the floor for the purpose of presenting the report
which he asks to present; and gentlemen on the
left objected. The question before the House is
on the bill reported from the Court of Claims—
and ihc. immediate question is, what reference
shall be made of it? On that question the gentle-
man from Pennsylvaniahas the iloor. The Chair
desires to say, in reply to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, that almost invariably, when gen-
tlemen address the Chair, while another member
has the floor, he asks for what purpose they rise.
Mr. WALKER. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield the floor for a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. JONES yielded the floor.
Mr. WALKER. Well, I am satisfied this
business will lead-to debate; therefore, 1 move to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
three o'clock and fifteen minutes,) the House
adjourned till Monday, at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 31, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Danikl Waldo.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
bravely and call.mtly for about ten hours, were overcome
by stipes tor foiee< pf Indians, and almost every man <dam.
Their houses were then burned, and many of then childien
butchered. The Indians in that legion, as throughout the
Termor}, a\e said to have declared their determination to
exterminate all the whites in the country, J. L
is the motion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Donn,] that the rules of the House be suspended,
so as to enable him to move that House bill (No.
157) be made the special order for the second
Tuesday in June next, and from day to day there-
after till the same be disposed of.
Mr. HAVEN. Is there a motion now to sus-
pend the rules
The SPEAKER. That motion is pending since
last Monday.
Mr. HA YEN. Then I desire to have the floor
on that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Indiana, who made that motion, has been
detained from the House by sickness for several
days. I do not see him in his seat this morning;
and I propose, as he is not present, that the mo-
tion be informally passed over until he_ be present.
I do not suppose it should be acted' on without
his being here.
The SPEAKER. It will be passed over in-
formally. «L /
THE BUFFALO CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I desire to have the leave
of the House to introduce a joint resolution in
reference to the custom-house, court-house, post
ofSee, &c., at Buffalo. Papers relating to the sub-
ject have been laid on members' tables some time
ago. I would like their attention generally, and
that of my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] in
particular.
The Clerk reported the resolution, as follows:
Joint resolution for enlarging the custom-house, post office,
and courthouse, at Buffalo, New York.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of the Treasury he, and he is hereby, author-
ized to extend the budding now in progress of construction
at Buffalo, for a custom-house, post office, court-rooms,
&c., not exceeding twenty-five feet in length, and erect
proper vaults therein, if, in his discretion, the public inter-
est requires the same: Provided, That such extension can
be completed at an expense not exceeding $33,000, includ-
ing ten per cent, for contingencies; which sum, or so much
thereof as shall be necessary, is hereby appiopriated out of
any money remaining in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated : -And provided further, That no money shall be paid
under this joint resolution untrtthe Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall contract for the completion of said budding so ex-
tended, at a cost within the sum heretofore, and hereby,
appropriated.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
received its first and second readings.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire the consent of the
House to introduce that resolution, and to have it
considered now, without subjecting it to the rule
requiring an appropriation of money to be first
considered in Committee of the Whole House.
There being no objection, the resolution was
introduced, and ordered to be put upon its passage.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I believe that the rule re-
quires a resolution appropriating money, or lead-
ing to debate, to lie over one day before it can be
considered.
Mr. HAVEN. No; it is notnecessary under
the rule to have it referred to the Committee of
the Whole, inasmuch as I asked unanimous con-
sent to introduce it,, and to have it considered now
without subjecting it to the rule requiring an
appropriation of money to be first considered in
Committee of the Whole—consent having been
given when I asked it—the gentleman is, there-
fore, too late now with liis suggestion, and the
whole question is now properly before the House
for consideration. The papers on the subject
from the Secretary of the Treasury and Postmas-
ter General, were introduced some time since,
laid on the table at my request, and have since
been printed and placed in the pigeon-holes or on
the desks of gentlemen. I wish gentlemen to
read these papers, or I will have them read from
the Clerk's desk if that be preferred. I wish to
add a few words, and then I will leave the matter
with the House.
An appropriation for this building at Buffalo
was made the year before last. The Secretary
of the Treasury made his contract for completing
the building entirely within the limitations and
restrictions of the act under which that appropri-
ation was made. There is npthing asked for now
in the shape of a deficiency. The existing con-
tract is for the completion of the building within
the existing appropriation.
The Secretary has fairly discharged his duty.
He has conducted the business so that nothing is
required for deficiency. This is simply for an
enlargement of the building, which is now eighty-
five feet long and sixty feet wide; and the propo-
sition is to make it twenty-five feet longer, which
can be done, if done now, without any additional
expense, with the single exception of placing one
of the end walls of the building twelve and a half
feet further east, and the other twelve and a half
feet further west than they are to be under the
existing contract. It does not even change the
length of the timbers, or iron rafters, &e. There
is nothing but the simple expense of giving that
additional length, which will be of very great
consequence in the room it will afford.
The joint resolution is so framed as to require
that the Secretary of the Treasury contract for
this enlargement within the limits of this reso-
lution. His estimates are here on the tables of
members, and the appropriation in the resolution
is based upon them. The resolution requires, in
substance, that he shall not have the building
enlarged, unless he can do so within that limita-
tion. I need not say anything of my own knowl-
edge on the subject; but the papers which we
have here, go to show that the entire lower part
of the building intended for the post office, would
not afford that amount of accommodation which
the present insufficient building affords.
The enlargement will increase the accommo-
dation of the rooms for the courts in the third
story, and for the custom-house in the second
story; so that it is thought they will be able to
get along with the business, although the rooms,
in my judgment, will then be too small.
I do not stop to dilate on the amount of business
in Buffalo, which requires these conveniences.
But if gentlemen have heard the resolution—and
if they desire it here they can have the documents
from the Secretary of the Treasury and the Post-
master General lead—they will see that the reso-
lution is carefully guarded with all the limitations
and restrictions which were placed, on my own
motion, on the previous legislation on this subject;
and the Secretary must keep within these limita-
tions and restrictions.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not intend to make any
opposition to this joint resolution. I simply
desire to ask a question or two of the gentleman
from New York. I leave to my friends who are
on the Committee of Ways and Means, either to
take up these investigations growing out of the
custom-house estimates, or to let them alone,
just as they please. The question which I wish
to propound is this, on whose specification or
recommendation was the present size of this
custom-house adopted or determined upon ?
Mr. HAVEN. Perhaps the gentleman had
better ask me one question at a time in this way,
and I will answer him more clearly. It was pure-
ly, as I understand it, on plans originating in the
office of the Secretary of the Treasury here. But
1 should do him injustice, however, if I did not
say—what my friend from Alabama, I think, well
understands, and which I want every gentleman
of the House to hoar—that when a movement on
this subject was made two years ago, and appli-
cations were made for custom-houses at some
eight to twelve places, and when it was very de-
sirable on my part, and also on the part of the
Secretary of the Treasury, to keep these applica-
tions within certain restrictions and limitations,
he made, I believe, estimates for three classes of
buildings, perhaps four; one class at an expense
of, I think, $40,000; another class at an expensa
of some $fi0,000; and the third class at an expensa
of some ^80,000. And without taking any advice
from me, without my having any communication
with him in any way or shape, the Buffalo appli-
cation was reported, and placed in the bill in the
Senate m the condition in which it now appears
in the statute.
If my friend from Alabama will excuse me, I
desire to say one thing more. Pie has referred
to the present Committee of Ways and Means,
and to these applications generally, now pending.
Now, I would like to have this whole thing sep-
arately considered; and I am willing to say to my
friend, that there is a case from Chicago which,
in my judgment, peremptorily demands that the
building there be increased in size. There are,
also, applications from other places where the
business is not very large, and where the com-
merce of the place does not require that extent of
accommodation required at Chicago and Buffalo.
There are some other places which I should also
