34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
whenever in his or their opinion the farther con-
tinuance thereof is not necessary.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all costs
and fees for services rendered by the clerks of
the several courts in the District of Columbia,
chargeable to others-than the United States, shall
be payable immediately after the services are
performed, and shall be collected by such rules
and regulations, not incompatible with law, as
may be prescribed by the courts in which such
services are rendered, but shall in no case be paid
by the United States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the sev-
eral circuit and district courts of the United States,
the district courts of the Territories, and the
criminal court of the District of Columbia, shall
have the power to discharge the grand juries of
the respective courts whenever they shall be of
opinion that the public interests will not be sub-
served by a further continuance of the session of
said grand jury.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no offi-
cer of the United States courts, including the
bailiffs, guards, or deputies of the United States
marshals, whether in the States, Territories, or
District of Columbia, shall be entitled to witness
fees, cither before a court or commissioners where
he is officiating.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the Uni-
ted States shall hereafter be liable to the justices
and constables of the county of Washington, in
the District of Columbia, for their fees and ser-
vices in cases of felony only; and so much of the
fifteenth section of the act of 3\Iay seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight, entitled " An
act to continue, alter, and amend the charter of
the city of Washington," as provided otherwise,
is hereby repealed; said fees shall be paid by the
United States marshal, upon the approval of the
judge of the criminal court of the District of Co-
lumbia, subject to the revision of the accounting
officers of the Treasury, and to appeal to the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of each of the judges of the supreme
court of the respective Territories of the United
States to designate and appoint one person as
clerk of the district over which he presides, where
one is not>aIready appointed, and to designate and
retain but one such clerk where more than one is
already appointed, and only such district clerks
shall be entitled to a compensation from the Uni-
ted States, except for fees taxable to the United
States.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That so much
of the third section of the act of Februmy twen-
ty-six, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, entitled
44 An act to regulate the fees and coats to be al-
lowed to clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the
circuit and district courts of the United States,
and for other fmrposes," as requires " that when
the compensation of any clerk sfiall be less than
five hundred dollars per annum, the difleivncc as-
certained and allowed by the proper accounting-
officers of the Treasury shall be paid to him
therefrom," is hereby repealed.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That all ac-
counts of the United States district attorneys for
•erviccs rendered in cases instituted in the United
States or State courts, when the United States is
a party in interest, but not of record; or m cases
instituted against the officers of the United States,
or their deputies or duly appointed agents, for
acts committed or omitted or suffered by them
in the lawful discharge of their duties, shall be
audited and allowed as in other cases, assimilat- j
ing the fees, as near as may be, to those provid-
ed by said act of February twenty-six, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, for like or similar ser-
vices. ♦
Sec. 13. And he it further enacted, That no
marshal, or deputy marshal, of any of the courts
of the United States, shall hold or exercise the
duties of commissioner of any of said courts, nor
receive compensation therefor.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That, when-
ever, from any cause, it may be impossible for
the district attorney to attend at court, it shall be
his duty to see that a meet and proper person,
learned in the law, residing as near the place
where the court is held as possible, does attend
to such business as may appertain to the duties
of his'office; and in all such cases, the fees and
charges to be paid shall be only such as the dis-
trict attorney would have been authorized by law
to charge, had he personally attended and per-
formed the service: Provided, however, That be-
fore any such substitution is sanctioned, or pay-
ment made, the necessity thereof shall be shown
to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the In-
terior.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That all
provisions of law inconsistent with this act are
hereby repealed.
Approved, August 36, 1856.
Public, LXIX.—An Act making Appropriations
for Fortifications and other Works of Defense,
and for repairs of Barracks and Quarters, for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembted, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
construction, presei vation, and repairs of certain
fortifications, barracks, and quarters, for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-seven:
For Fort Montgomery, outlet of Lake Cham-
plain, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Knox, at the Narrows of the Penob-
scot river, Maine, sixty thousand dollars.
For Fort Winthrop, Governor's Island, Boston
harbor, ten thousand dollars
For Fort Richmond, at the Narrows, New York
harbor, seventy-live thousand dollars.
For Fort Warren, Boston harbor, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For Fort Delaware, Delaware river, one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Carroll, Baltimore harbor, one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
ForFortCalhoun,entrance to Hampton Roads,
Virginia, fifty thousand dollars.
For Foit Sumpter, Charleston harbor, South
Carolina, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Pulaski, Savannah river, Georgia,
nineteen thousand dollars.
For Fort Clinch, entrance to Cumberland
Sound, Florida, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort McRee, and preservation of its site,
Florida, twenty-live thousand dollars.
For Fort Barrancas, IVnsacolaharbor, Florida,
twenty-five thousand dollais.
For Foit Gaines, Dauphin Island, Alabama,
fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Jefferson,Tortugas, Florida, one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
For fortifications at Alcatraz Island, San Fran-
cisco bay, California, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For fortifications at Foit Point, entrance of
San Francisco bay, Califorma, thiee hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
For repans of Castle Pinckney, Charleston
harbor, ten thousand dollars.
For repairs of Fort Jackson, Savannah river,
fourteen thousand dollars.
For repairs of Fort Morgan, mouth of Mobile
bay, Alabamn, twenty-live thousand dollars.
£\>r extension of Battery at Fort Jackson,
Mississippi rivir, ten thousand dollars.
For repairs and extension of Fort St. Philip,
Mississippi river, thirty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of fortifications not
herein mentioned, the preservation of sites, the
protection of titles,and repairs of sudden damages
to forts, thirty thousand three hundred dollars.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
Public, LXX.—An Act to continue the Land
Offices at Ymccnnes, Indiana, and to ascertain
and adjust the Titles to certain Lands in the
States of Indiana and Illinois, formerly in-
cluded within the Vincennes Land District.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembledf That the register and receiver of the
' land offices at Vincennes, to be appointed, together
' with a fit and proper person learned in the law,
and a citizen of Indiana, to be appointed by the
1 President of the United States, are hereby consti-
! tuted commissioners to ascertain and acljust the
! title of any claimant to any tract of land, or any
j part or subdivision thereof, granted by the reso-
( lution of Congress of the twenty-ninth of August,
seventeen hundred and ninety-one, entitled "An
act for granting lands to the inhabitants and set-
tlers at Vincennes, and the Illinois country, in
the territory northwest of the Ohio, and for con-
firming them in their possessions," and the sev-
eral acts in aid of and supplementary thereto.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, Thatevery such
claimant to any tract of land sogranted, or any part
or subdivision thereof, shall, within three months
after the publication of the notice herein provided
for, file his claim in writing with the said regis-
ter, in which he shall specifically set forth such
facts as shall be required m the instructions of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office: Pro-
vided, That in any case in which good cause may
be shown why the claim was not filed within the
period stipulated, such claim may be presented
and acted upon at any time before the expiration
of the commission.
Sec. 3". And be it further enacted, That such re-
gister, upon the receipt of such instructions, shall
give notice in the several newspapers of general
circulation within said district and in the vicinity
of said lands, by publication, of his readiness to
receive applications of claimants, to which notice
shall be appended the instructions of the com-
missioner and a copy of this act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That said com-
missioners shall meet immediately after the time
allowed for filing such claims, and shall hold their
sessions at the town of Vincennes. They shall
have power to issue subpenas, and compel the
attendance of witnesses, administer all necessary
oaths, and to hear and decide, in a summary man-
ner, all matters respecting such claims. Minutes
of the proceedings, decisions, meetings, and ad-
journments of the boaid, shall be regularly entexed
in a book kept for that purpose.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That every
claimant to any tract of land so granted, or any
subdivision thereof, who can produce to such
commissioners a regular chain of title from the
original confirmee or donee to himself, or who
can show to their satisfaction a continuous and
connected possession in himself, and those under
whom he claims, for a period of twenty years or
more next preceding" the filing of his claim, or
can show such a claim or title as would, in the
courts of Indiana, bar an action of ejectmcnt,
such claimant shall be confirmed in his title.
Sec. 6. And he it further enacted, That said
commissioners shall, m one year from the date of
organizing said commission under this act, or
sooner, if the cases on the'r docket are all dis-
posed of, transmit to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office a tianseript of their decis-
ions in favor of claimants, which shall contain a
fair statement of the evidence oil which each re-
spective claim is founded; and also a transcript of
their decisions against claimants, with a like state-
ment of the evidence, and the reason of such
rejection.
Sec.7. And be it further enacted. That the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, upon the
receipt of such transcript of their decisions, shall
issue a patent to such claimant so confirmed in
his title by the said commissioners; and where
any such claims have been rejected, the said
commissioner, upon application of the proper
person, shall have power to revise such decision
of the said board, and may, if in his opinion the
evidence warrants it, reverse such decision, and
issue a patent therefor to such claimant: Provided,
That this right to revise shall not extend to those
claims rejected, where the same lands have been
confirmed by the said board to some other claim-
ant: And provided further, That the patents so
issued shall only be a relinquishment of the title
of the United States, and shall not be considered
or construed into an abridgment of the rights of
third uersona.
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted, That imme-
diately after the passage of this act the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office shall give direc-
