1494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26j
break out in our midst, what would be our means
of defense? I think it advisable for us not to be
panny-wise and pound-foolish. Is it not better,
by the expenditure of a few dollars now, to pre-
yent the shedding of blood and the expenditure
of.millions ? The Commissioner of Indian Affairs
has said that by constructing these roads money
would be saved to the Treasury. Is not that of
itself enough to satisfy the House of the pro-
priety of making this small appropriation? Cer-
tain gentlemen here hold up their hands in holy
horror if a dollar is to go out of the Treasury;
and if thousands arc to be saved, and a Territory
benefited, their opposition is equally certain.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I
have not myself examined all the statutes, to see
what appropriations have been made since the
foundation of the Government, nor have I exam-
ined them for the purpose of ascertaining what
appropriations have been made to the Territory
of Tennessee, or to the State of Tennessee, for
the purpose of constructing roads. Of one thing,
however, I am perfectly conscious; and that is,
that but precious little of the money of this Gov-
ernment has ever been expended within the limits
of Tennessee.
Here, sir, is a statement from the State Depart-
ment, made a few days ago to this House, in
which there is not one dollar put down to Ten-
nessee for roads or public buildings when she
was a Territory, nor do I suppose that it will be
pretended that a dollar was ever appropriated to
construct roads therein while she was aTerritory;
and it is news to me that this Government ever
appropriated one dollar for opening or construct-
ing any road within the Kmita of that State. The
gentleman from Minnesota says it is true. I
should be glad to see where, and when, and for
what particular roads, those moneys were appro-
priated.
I know that th« portion of the country where
I have lived for the last forty yeais, and wheie I
now live, was not settled until within nine or ten
years after the Territory was admitted into the
Union as a State. The Territory was then cov-
ered with as dense and heavy a forest us any por-
tion of the great valley of the Mississippi; and
liot only was U covered by a dense foiest, but it
was also covered with a cane which grew fifteen
or twenty feet high, and so thick that it was al-
most impossible—and in many places quite im-
possible—for a man to go through it. The pio-
neers of that country, as I have learned from
them, were poor men when they emigrated to the
Territory, as are the pioneers now of thuTcrritory
of Minnesota. When they came there, they
came through these dense lbiests and cane, and
were compelled to pack their wives and children,
and all their goods, upon one or two little Indian
ponies, and then to travel, not along ajoad, hut
along an Indian trail, the greater poi tion of which
was so narrow as only to permit them to travel
in the old style, Indian file.
And not only this, but when they had located
their families, and had ercctcd a shelter for them
in the shape of a rude cabin, they had then tore-
turn through the Indian country, seventy-live or
one hundred miles, to obtain corn and grain for
their wives to make bread, until they could clear
a little spot to raise it for the next year. And
for their protection they had to depend upon their
best friend, the riile, which they always carried
with them.
Mr. READY. ' In order that my colleague
may understand the facts, and m order that jus-
tice may be done to all, I will call his attention
to the fact' that there were three or four small
appropriations made for the construction of
roads in Tennessee. There was an appropria-
tion of $6,000 for the construction of a road from
Nashville to Natchez in Mississippi, the greater
portion of-which was expended in Mississippi
Territory. There was an appropriation of &10,UU0
made for the purpose of opening a road from
Columbia, in 'iennessee, to Madison, in Indiana,
n^very small portion of which was expended in
Tennessee. There was another appropriation of
§4,000 made for the purpose of opening a road
to connect with the'Natchez road, a very small
portion of which was expended in Tennessee.
Mr. RfCE. I ask the gentleman to permit me
to say that I made allusion to these appropria-
tions only to show that appropriations had been
made for the purpose oi constructing roads in
the Territory of Tennessee. 1 regret deeply that
they were not larger.
Mr. JONES. I am aware that there was a road,
or rather a trail—for it always we'nt under the
name of the Natchez trail—frorrvthe neighbor!) ood
of Nashville, passed through the western portion
of Tennessee to Natchez, in the State of Missis-
sippi. My impression is, that it was marked out
by blazing the trees to let the next person see
where the trail passed. I think the first time this
trail was ever used by the Government was after
the treaty with France in respect to Louisiana, m
1803. It was cither then, or when General Jackson
marched the Tennessee volunteers down through
this country to Natchez, in December, 1812, and
when he received orders to disband and leave his
troops there, and leave them without money,
without provisions, and without clothing, to get
back, as best they could, through the Indian
country five or six hundred miles. Sir, he refused
to do it, and, like all other occasions of his life,
he took the responsibility; and time has showed
that he was right. But, sir, at the time these
appropriations were made, all the eastern portion
of Tennessee was Indiau country, and Tennessee
had no jurisdiction over it. The Indian title had
not been extinguished, nor was it extinguished m
the northern part of Mississippi until 183G, when
the Chickasaw lands were purchased.
But, sir, if Congress exceeded their powers in
making these appropriations to Tennessee, is
that any reason why we should follow the pre-
cedent? I doubt not that, if you will go back
and examine the argument and debate, you will
find that these appropriations were allowed to
pass because they were regarded as small and
inconsiderable, and, in consideiation of the ne-
cessity for them, without any regard to the con-
stitutional point. Should that act now be relied
upon for the constitutional power to construct
roads in all the Territories ? Wo should at all
times and under all circumstances be careful how
we initiate legislation when we have but a doubt-
ful power; for the time will come, and come
speedily, when it will he relied on as a precedent
1 and authority for still further legislation of a like
character.
The gentleman from Minnesota referred to the
quantity of land sold, and the laiice amount of
money, as proceeds of the sale, that was poured
into the Treasury. My friend from Viiginia
well remarked that those lands belonged to the
United Slates. The money paid for them was
not earned by Minnesotian*, but by people of
the States. The people of the older States in-
vested their money m Government lands, and
thousands crowded there to settle them. Now
the Territory comes up and claims these lands,
and that whatever is paid for them is so much
received from it by this Government. There are
gentlemen of the new States who chum that their
States paid large amounts of money into the
Treasuiy of the United States for their land.
Where have they any land ? Whence did they
obtain any? The lands belong to the United
States; and it does seem to me, that when gen-
tlemen come here and claim them, they ought to
remember what is told us by the good book, that,
on a certain occasion#the Savior of mankind was
taken up, by a certain individual, into a high
mountain, and was promised all the kingdoms
of the world before him if he would fall down
and worship him. He would not do so, for he
knew that he who offered them had not the one
millionth part of a title to them.
Mr. GROW. I move that the committee rise.
I make the motion with a view to close debate
on this bill.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
"fc>o the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Leiter reported that
thn Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, accoiding to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
bills of a territorial character, and had directed
lum to report back a bill (H. R. No. Q) making
appropriations for the completion of military
roads in Oregon, with an amendment; and a bill
(H. R. No. 4^2) providing for the construction
ef a military road between Fort Stcilacoom and
iSelhngham Bay, in the Territory of Washington,
without amendment. Also, that they had under
consideration a bill (H. R. No. 428) making
appropriations for the bridging of streams and
opening of roads in Minnesota Territory, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. GROW moved the usual resolution, that
all debate in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the bill making appro-
priations for bridging of streams and opening
roads in Minnesota Territory be closed within
five minutes after its consideration shall be again
resumed by the committee; which motion was
agreed to.
Mr. G. moved that the rules be suspended, and
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. LETCHER called for a division.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes 97,
noes 27.
BRIDGING STREAMS AND OPENING ROADS IN
MINNESOTA—AGAIN.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Leiter in the chairand resumed
the consideration of the bill making appropria-
tions for bridging streams and opening roads in
Minnesota Territory. ^
Mr. GROW moved that the bill be laid aside, SB
and reported to the House with the recommenda- *
tion that it do pass.
The question was taken; and on a division,
there wore—ayes 97, noes 9; no quorum voting.
Mr. SAPP demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. StiianahaN
and A. K. Marshall were appointed.
The (question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 110, noes not counted.
So the bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN WASHINGTON TERRI-
TORY.
The committee then proceeded to consider
House bill (No. 41G) making appropriations for
the erection of public buildings in Washington
Territory.
The bill appropriates $50,000 for a territorial
capitol atOlympia, and £30,000 for a penitentiary
at Vancouver, provided that said amounts shall
complete the buildings, including all costs for the
same.
On motion of Mr. GROW, the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
TERRITORIAL LIBRARIES.
The committee next proceeded to consider
House bill (No. 419) for the increase of the ter-
ritorial libraries of Minnesota, New Mexico,
Oregon, Utah, Washington, Ivansas, and Ne-
braska.
The bill appropriates $500 for each of the said
Territories, and provides that the appropriations
shall be exclusively confined to the purchase of
such standard legal works as shall be needed,
and that a list of the books furnished, and the
prices paid for them, shall be reported to Con-
gress.
Mr. GROW. I move that the bill be laidaside,
to be reported to the House with a leeommcnda-
Uon that it do pass.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know how
much has been appropriated for the purchase of
libraries heretofore?
Mr. GROW. I think the sum originally ap-
propriated was $5,000 for each Territory. At
the first session of the last Congress, §500 addi-
tional was appropriated to each of two of the
Territories. That is all that has boon appropri-
ated. The purchases under this appropriation
arc to be confined to law books.
Mr. LETCHER. They have heretofore or-
dered what books they pleased?
Mr. GROW. Yes, sir.
Mr. LANE. I do not wish to embarrass this
bill, and if the committee think that my proposi-
tion will do so, I will not make it. My friend
from Pennsylvania says that heretofore $5,000
has been appropriated to each Territory, for the
purpose of purchasing a library. We received
that amount in Oregon, and invested it m books.
A room was found for our library in the capitol.
Mr. LETCHER. Did you buy law books ?
Mr. LANE. Weboughtgoodstandard works;
and none that were not good. Well, sir, our
