758
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 2,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Biggs.
Senate.
Mr. President, that I do not believe their offense j
amounts to treason. I have always understood
that the crime of treason was defined in the Con-
stitution of the United States for the purpose of
excluding the constructive treason, so called, of
the English law. There is a vast difference, in
ray opinion, between resistance—even armed re-
sistance to the law, and the levying of war agaiust
the Government of the United States.
My colleague has said a great deal about cer-
' tain secret and oath-bound societies, which ex-
isted (as he says) in Missouri. Mr. President,
that is a new but certainly not an unexpected,
revelation. The emigrant aid company wasa pub-
lic affair. We could ascertain its existence, and,
to some extent, the nature of its operations. At
a later stage of this controversy, when the Com-
mittee on Territories laid before us the evidence-
evidence rendered indubitable when the Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] produced certain
original documents—that a secret and oath-bound
association, military as well as political, had been
established, previous to March, 1855, for the
purpose of overturning the territorial govern-
ment in Kansas, some counter-accusation became
necessary, and was expected. At the eleventh
hour, therefore, with a great flourish of words,
my colleague assures the Senate that there was
a similar society on the other side. This would
seem rather too transparent—as though it were
invented to eke out a very desperate cause. I do
not believe that it will command any credence,
except from those who have already engaged, to
their utmost, in this sorrowful contest. There
might have been such an association—I cannot
say there was not—but I never heard it men-
tioned until within a few months, and have seen
no testimony, as yet, which induces me td believe
the assertion.
My colleague is now armed, however, with an
abundance of proofs to maintain all his assertions,
past and present, in reference to the Kansas dis-
pute. There was room for doubt in that partic-
ular, he admits, heretofore. But now, sir, we
who have been groping in the dark, feebly, with
the aid of such facts as the Committee on Terri-
tories could ascertain, with the aid of such docu-
ments as the President of the United States could
furnish, are to be suddenly enlightened. My
colleague has, at last, obtained the evidence. He
has prayed for it a long while, but it did not
• come. But now, sir, it has come—so says my
colleague—and where is it? In the report, for-
sooth, of the special House committee which
was sent to Kansas ? Does my colleague imagine,
really, that impartial men will confide in that re-
port? Sir, in my opinion, it is to the House com-
mittee we owe the late fearful disturbances in the
Territory. The President had restored peace by
hi* proclamation—a proclamation earnestly in*
voked by the inhabitants of Lawrence themselves.
There was peace, I repeat, when the committee
airived; but soon afterwards, very soon, there was
civil war. The advent of the committee, with a
fund of $10,000, ready money, in search of evi-
dence to prove facts already asserted—attended
by its clerks, reporters, messengers, and satelites
of every degree, was calculated to stimulate, and
did stimulate, an insurrection which had just
been quelled. Thus were the embers of discord
and civil war fanned at a convenient season.
The report of the committee, in my opinion,
will make no difference. There is not a man,
within the sound of my voice, who did not know,
when the committee left Washington, what its
report would be—not the details, of course, but
the conclusion. We knew the purpose for which
the committee was sent, and that its members
bad sufficient ability to answer all reasonable ex-
pectations.
Now, *'r  I do not mean to reflect on the char-
acters or the motives of the gentlemen who com-
posed the House committee. I mean to say that
they were partisans like the rest of us, and sub-
ject to the in£rmities of human nature. I ex-
Ed they would report exactly what my col-
e says they have reported; that an elaborate
se would be made for the insurrection,which
was contemplated and organized before the elec-
tion of the Territorial Legislature. But, sir, it is
too late. This great cause has gone to the people ,
for determination, and will be determined upon 1
principles too profound to be affected by all the
I reports, the affidavits, the depositions which can
| now be invented. It is the question, finally,
whether the people of the northern States will
remain contented in the enjoyment of their own
rights, or will insist upon subjugating the south-
ern States, trampling on the Constitution, and
thus destroying the Union. Tlmt is now the
real question; and my colleague might as well
abstain from all other controversies.
Mr. President, I am sorry to have thus detained
the Senate, and apologize for any undue heat or
temper 1 may have displayed. I was altogether
taken by surprise at the course of my colleague,
and especially as I conversed with him this morn-
ing in reference to his addressing the Senate, and
received no intimation that 1 was to be the subject
of such an assault.
Mr. WADE rose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from North .Carolina [Mr. Bicos] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. BIGGS. I should readily yield to the
Senator from Ohio on the other side of the Cham-
ber, [Mr. Wade,] but this is a personal matter.
He has made the attack: it has been replied to
l by his colleague, [Mr. Pugh.] I think a more
i important subject is before the Senate, and there-
! fore I decline to yield the floor to continue this
j matter further.
1 Mr. President, I know the Senate desires to
obtain a vote to-day on this bill, and I therefore
feel much hesitancy in proceeding, after the time
which has been occupied by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade.1 But since the adjournment
yesterday, it has been pressed upon me as a
public duty to say something in this debate;
and although the short time allowed has very
much embarrassed me, yet, as one of the Commit-
tee on Territories, I feel constrained to obtrude
some remarks upon the consideration of the Sen-
ate, crude as they may be. Perhaps it may be
concluded it is presumption on mv part, after the
protracted and able debate on this subject, by
other Senators more experienced and better quali-
fied to enlighten the Senate and the country. I
trust, however, I shall make some amends for
intruding my views by an attempt at brevity as
far as practicable.
I shall not attempt an argument upon the con-
troverted questions of congressional or popular
sovereignty in the Territories. I propose to con-
sider the question impartially, and, as I hope, in
a practical point of view, and certainly with more
calmness than has been manifested by the Sena-
torfrom Ohio, [Mr, Wade.] I know thatsouth-
l em men are represented at the North as violent
and rash; but I hope a fair comparison can be made
here this day between blind fanaticism,guided by
passion, threatening to rule or ruin, and the calm
suggestions of those who, knowing their rights
undera written Constitution, boldly, firmly, but
calmly, address the reason and judgment of the
Senate and the country. From those who have
heard the Senator from Ohio, can it be disguised
that there is an evidentforeshadowingofadeterm-
ination on his part, and those sympathizing with
him, if they cannot succeed at the ballot-box, to
pull down this fair fabric of human liberty con-
secrated by the blood and sacrifices of our fore-
fathers? 1 hope it will not be expected of me to
follow him in his tirade of denunciation. The
great general principle involved in the Kansas-
Nebraska act is the right of a people in a Terri-
tory to determine for themselves all questions of
domestic policy preparatory to admission into the
Union as a State.
The legislation of the country has arrived at
that point, after many efforts to settle a different
policy. If it be said that the principle is subject
to some qualification, I shall not deny it,because
the Federal Government assumes the power,
without question, of aiding or assisting to some
extent) in carrying out this general principle in
the means used and necessary to that end. All
power, therefore, of evert/ kind, is not vested in
the people, or in the Legislature, of a Territory.
If this were so, then how is it that we have a
right to pass a law to authorize the people of a
Territory to form a State constitution ?. But with-
out troubling ourselveo with inquiries about
abstract rights, it must be admitted that, by the
principle of the Kansas act, the right of the people
of that Territory to settle the question of slavery
| (the great matter of contention) in their State
I organic act, is clearly asserted. Now, is it desir-
able for the peace or prosperity of the country
that this policy should be abandoned ? Would
it be more safe or prudent to assert and insist
upon_ the power of Congress to determine this
question? It may suit the purposes of those.who
: boldly maintain that no more slave States shall
ever be admitted into this Union, but I submit it
i is a dangerous concession to be made by the South.
Permit the people in the Territories to determine
, that nuestion, and admit new States with or with-
out slavery, as tluy may decide, and let this be
the settled policy of the Government, and then
the South, tne minority of this Confederacy, may
hope for some show of equality and justice on
this distracting question; and it is a principle
suitable to all times and circumstances. Abandon
this policy, and substitute the unlimited discretion
of Congress, and what can the South expect,
and what can the country hope for, but continued
agitation, estranged feelings, fraternal discord,
endless disputes, tumult, disorder, and an ulti-
mate dissolution of the Union ? As a remedy for
the disorders now existing, will any Senator pro-
pose that Congress shall assume ana exercise this
power? If there ever was a time when the legiti-
mate power of Congress ought to be exercised,
and all its wisdom invoked to suppress disorder
and restore quiet, certainly this is the time. And
will any sane man hazard his reputation in declar-
ing that such a remedy is at all proper or feasible?
• Sir, much has been said about the sanctity
of the Missouri restriction, and unmeasured de-
nunciation has been heaped upon those who re-
realed that restriction. The Senator from Ohio
Mr. Wade] to-day has forcibly contended that
no unjust measure could be permanent; and he
has obviously exposed the spirit of the Black
Republican party of which he prides himself upon
being a member. By an application of his argu-
ment, how could it be expected that such a meas-
ure as the Missouri restriction could be maintained
which enforced an inequality between States and
citizens of the same country. I know in my own
State it was by many considered an unwise policy,
because, said they, the North would have been
content to let it remain. Such persons argue
| from wrong premises. Is it not evident now to
! them, if it has not been before, that all the clamor
! heretofore had by what is now known and recog-
nized to-day as the Black Republican party, about
the sanctity of the "Missouri compromise," is
sheer hypocrisy, as exemplified by avowals this
day? The legislation of 1850 had disregarded the
restriction, which was approved by the great
Whig and Democratic parties of 1850 The lead-
ing men of this new party had always been its
: most inveterate opponents. Do they now, when,
I by deception, they have increased their numbers
i atthe North, propose to restore it? Notatall. The
cry is now, as heretofore, no more slave States
north or south of 3(i° 30'.
And now, Mr. President, a few words as to
this disturbing element, slavery. Do those who
denounce the institution with so much bitterness
act from motives of philanthropy to the master
or slave ? If their motive be to benefit the master,
is it not a kind of intermeddling with other peo-
Ele's affairs that is improper, not to say insulting ?
i this the course they adopt about their neigh-
bors'affairs at hqme? I venture to say, whenever,
in any community at the North, such a rule of
action obtains, nothing but discord and strife pre-
vail. And in our intercourse, as political commu-
nities, can it be expected that a different result
will foUow? Is it believed that slavery isalsin,
and, as moralists or religious exemplars, you
ought to reform the moral condition of the South ?
I respectfully but earnestly suggest that you first
reform all tne immoralities nearer home, before
you start as missionaries to foreign lands. Can
you hope for success, by legal enactments and the
strong arm of the law, to enforce such a great
moral reform ? I have often said, and I now repeat,
that all attempts to legislate men sober, prudent,
or religious, will end in abortions. A higher
power than the arm of vain and feeble man is
required for such great results.
