1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1405
Capitol, for which you had appropriated money
alt>0, with the entire library, was swept off by
fire, and our library was entirely lost, together
with our records and everything else.
Now, if my friends think it will not embarrass
this bill, I desire to offeran amendment to appro-
priate.to Oregon Territory, for the purpose of
replacing that library, just half what you gave us
before, to wit, $2,500. We are now left without
any library in our capitol. I ask the chairman,
and the members of the Committee on Territo-
ries, if they will not consent to give us half the
amount that was given us in the first instance to
replace, as far as possible, the library we have
lost?
Mr. GROW. X do not like the system of adopt-
ing things here that have not been before the com-
mittee for examination. The committee do not
want to be responsible for anything which they
have not investigated. The gentleman, however,
can offer his amendment, and. ask for a vote upon
it.
Mr. LANE. X am sure that my friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, and
this committee, will agree with me that we ought
to have §2,500 appropriated for the purpose of
replacing our lost library. Our loss was much
heavier than the library alone, and we have, not
a single book left. X offer the amendment I have
indicated.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not think the amend-
ments ought to be adopted. The Government
gives $5,000 to buy a library, and when that
library is destroyed, the Government is to be
placed in the position of an insurer to replace it.
Mr. LANE. A large portion of the library is
for the benefit of the United States courts. The
law books and reports necessary for them are
lcept in the library for their use. I do not want
to detain the committee by talking, but it is
necessary for the United States that the books
should be there, and that the courts should have
access to them. The supreme court holds its
sessions at the seat of government. But I will
say no more. I ask for a vote on my amend-
ment.
Mr. LETCHER. On the principle contended
for by the gentleman from Oregon, there is not a
judge of a Federal court, or a United States dis-
trict attorney, who has not just as much right to
claim to be supplied with books as these judges
in Oregon.
Mr. LANE. You do furnish them with books.
Mr. LETCHER. We furnish them only with
books published here. You do not undertake to
furnish a law libiary to every Federal judge or
district attorney in the United States.
The question was taken on Mr. Lane's amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
On motion of Mr. GROW, the bill was then
laid aside, to be reported to the House.
MILITARY ROAD IN UTAH.
The committee then proceeded to the consid-
eration of a bill (H. R. No. 423) providing for
the construction of a military road from Bridger's
Pass, in the Rocky Mountains, to Great Salt Lake
City, in the Territory of Utah.
The bill was read. Tt appropriates $3,000 for
the purpose of constructing a military road from
Bridger's Pass, m the Rocky Mountains, to Great
Salt Lake City, in the Territory of Utah; and
provides that the road be constructed under the
direction of the Secretary of War, pursuant to
contracts to be made by him.
Mr. GROW. I move that the bill be laid aside,
to be reported to the House.
Mr. LETCHER. How long is that road to
be' What is the distance ?
Mr. GROW. I am unable to tell the gentle-
man. Xt comes from the Military Committee.
Mr. BERNHISEL. The distance is about
two hundred miles. The estimate js made by the
„ Secretary of War, and the amount is to be ex-
penned under his direction.
Mr. LETCHER. Three thousand dollars to
make two hundred miles of road, when it takes
g2,000 a mill- for others !
it'-. BERNHISEL. At the last session of Con-
gress an appropriation of ^50,000 was made for
the construction of a military road from Bridger's
Pass through the Rocky Mountains. Unless
that road foextended to Great Salt Lake City,
the first part of the road will be entirely useless.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Virginia whether he objects to this be-
cause the road is to be made cheap.
Mr. LETCHER. No; but I say that where
two hundred miles of road is to be made with
$3,000, it will be nothing more than the begin-
ning, and they will come here for more money.
Mr. QXfiTMAN. I am not very familiar with
the case before the committee,but I will state, for
the information of the gentleman from Virginia,
that this is probably one in which it is ascer-
tained by survey or examination that there are
but very slight obstructions to the transportation
of military supplies. Tf X recollect aright, in this
case the Secretary of War reports that there is
but a partial obstruction to the transportation
of military stores from one point to another. A
considerable part of the line of the proposed road
may be practicable for the conveyance of military
stores and supplies, without further work or re-
pairs, and in such eases neither the Secretary of
War nor the Military Committee would recom-
mend anything more than the removal of obsta-
cles. This, I suppose, is one of the cases where
but a small expenditure is nccessary. I think
that the sum of $3,000 would be sufficient to place
an ordinary wagon road in a condition for the
passage of troops and the transportation of muni-
tions of war.
While I am up, as X was not present when the
other bill for the construction of a military road
in Oregon was before the House this morning, I
will take the opportunity of saying a single word
m the way of personal explanation, in regard to
my remarks on that bill when it was up for dis-
cussion yesterday. I am reported in the Globe to
have said, that "Where, ill the Territories, the
sovereignty is m the Government, it may remove
obstructions," &c. This is a mistake. X lay no
blame on the reporters. I know that from my
place it is difficult to be distinctly heard, especially
when, as now, rny voice is affected by a severe
cold. I rather wonder at the general accuracy
of the reports; but this is a mistake, and T may
as well correct it now. I have never conceded to
the Government of the United States the posses-
sion of sovereignty over the Territories. My
position is very different from that. I said, yes-
terday, that the sovereignty over the Territories,
until they are admitted into the Union as States,
remains in the United States, that is, the States
jointly, not m the Government.
1 am reported to have admitted, in answer to
an argument of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jokes,] that this Government has sover-
eignty over the Territories. I made no such
admission. I will take a more appropriate occa-
sion to express my opinion on the subject as to
where that high power—which is denominated
sovereignty, and which must exist in every Gov-
ernment on earth'—does rest in this complex sys-
tem of ours. X shall endeavor to show that that
ultimate sovereignly under our system rests, not in
the Federal Government, nor in the State govern-
ment, but m a higher sphere; that it rests in the
people of the States as distinct political commu-
nities.
In the case of the Territories, that sovereignty
resides in the Stales, and there it remains, until
under the power to admit new States, Congress,
the common agent of the States for that purpose
—for the States and not for the Government—
relinquishes this sovereignty to the people of
the Territoiies upon their admission into the
Union. These views present the theory of our
system of Government clear and harmonious in
its operation. With any other construction all
is obscurity and confusion.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of 0;iio. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Mississippi a question. X
understood him to assert that he believes the
sovereignty over the Tenitones belongs to the
people of the several United States?
Mr. ClUITMAN. No, sir; m the people of
the several States !
Mr. CAMPBET.L. In what other body ex-
cept Congress are the people of the United States
represented ?
Mr. ClUITMAN. X will answer the gentle-
man with a good deal of pleasure. I am only
surprised that a gentleman who has made our
political system so much his study would ask
such a question. Sovereignty may be properly
defined to be that political power which controls
all other political powers. This high power
must exist in every politieal community. It
arises the instant the social compact is entered
into. It is supreme and indivisible. It cannot
be parceled out. It may be exercised through
different agencies.
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) I ask him
through what channel other than the Congress
of the United States can the people of the United
States, or of the several Stales, exercise or assert
their sovereignty over the Territories?
Mr, ClUITMAN. I recognize no political
sovereignty in the aggregate people of the United
States, nor is there in our system any constitu-
tional channel through which they, as a mass,
can speak. In the formation of this beautiful
but somewhat complex system of government,
our fathers, who established it, never intended
that the sovereignty which existed in the Statas
should be relinquished. The theory of our po-
litical organism, when fully comprehended, is
plain and philosophical, and in entire harmony
with the continuance of sovereign power in the
States. It is necessary for me to answer the inquiry
of the honorable gentleman, [Mr. Campbell,] to
say further that the States—the sovereign States
of this Union exercise their sovereign power by
the means of two systems of government; one
is the Federal Government, and the other the
State governments. Neither of these govern-
ments possesses sovereignty: both are merely the
agents of the States within their respective spheres
to exercise the powers which, under the Federal
and State constitutions, are delegated to them. It
follows, therefore, as an inevitable conclusion,
that the sovereign States of this Union, not the
thirteen original States alone, but all the States,
including those which have since been admitted
upon an equal footing in all respects whatever
with the original States, retain and possess joint
sovereignty or ultimate dominion over the com-
mon territory. This joint sovereignty, under our
i system, is exorcised by them, through their com-
j mon agent, the Federal Government, but only in
the cases provided for by the Constitution, and
subject to all the restrictions, limitations, and
qualifications imposed on the Government by that
instrument. The error into which gentlemen fall
is, in attributing to the Federal Government ori-
ginal vitality or intrinsic powers within itself not
derived from the Constitution which brought it
into being, and constantly cestricts and limits its
operation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understood the distiH-
guished gentleman from Mississippi a moment
ago to admit that the sovereignty over the Territo-
ries was vested in tlio people of the various States
of this Union. My question was, through what
channel other than tiie Congress of the United
States can that sovereignty be proclaimed over
j these Territories? I do not propose to go into
any argument upon the subject, knowing that it
would not be in order pending the disiyission of
this territorial bill; but I desired also to ask him
whether, in the history of the Government from
its origin up to the passage of the Nebraska bill,
the right of Congress to exercise jurisdiction ov'er
the Territories has not been asserted by every
portion of the country—fiom the portion of the
country from which the gentleman comes, as well
as that which I represent, and by every political
party, that to which he has belonged, as well as
that to which X have belonged?
Mr. ClUITMAN. One word more in reference
to this subject, although I am aware that it is not
strictly in order; but I am not responsible here or
elsewhere for the course the debate has taken.
Although I am aware that this debate is not
strictly in order, yet, with the permission of the
committee, I will add a few words more in reply,
and answer the honorable gentleman's question
explicitly. The highest political power of the
country—sovereignty—resides in the Slates of
this Union, or in the people of the States, r,ot in
I the people of the whole country as oti aggregate
i mass; and there also rests the sovereign power
i over the Terntones. The political powers ex-
i erciscd by Congress over the Territories muss
| therefore be derived from the giants of power
given m the Constitution; within tliem, and sub-
; ject to the restrictions and limitations imposed,
\ Oonsrass is the channel through which the States ■
exercise political power over the Territories. But
I again repeat, having no scrvwsig* powers of
