1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Biggs.
Senate.
But do you desire to better the condition of the
slave? It was well said the other day, by the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Evans,] that,
npon an examination of the history of the world,
there is no African population anywhere on the
face of the globe, in as great numbers, that are
better cared"for, better fed, or who have attained
as high a state of civilization, as the slaves in the
southern States; and this remark is concurred in
by the Senator from Pennsyl vania, [Mr. Bigler,]
so far as a comparison is thus instituted between
• the free blacks of the North and the slaves of the
South. Then, is it desirable to adopt a policy
which, instead of benefiting, would inevitably
injure the persons for whom your sympathies
are excited. But the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] yesterday took occasion to
remark that his course on the jfresent question
was not dictated by sympathy for the negroes,
but his sympathy was now excited for the white
Saxon bees swarming from the New England
hive. It is true he wished it understood that he
had not lost all sympathy for the blacks, being
reminded, as he said, of the gratifying token of
regard he had received from the negroesin Boston,
for his fervent efforts in their behalf in connection
with the execution of the fugitive slave law, soon
after it was passed by Congress.
But let us see the result of this policy of the
Senator. It is injurious, as he thinks, to the New
England man to emigrate to Kansas, if it is a
slave Territory. Why injurious ? Slavery there,
says he, would be very detrimental to his inter-
est. The Senator, with his opinions—although, I
presume, he would not interfere directly for that
purpose—woufd, no doubt, be glad to see slavery
abolished in the States. Suppose his policy
adopted, then, and his wishes gratified, as his
sympathy is now excited for the whites, would
he hereafter invite the free blacks from the South j
into Kansas, or would he prohibit them, as is
done by several of the non-slaveholding States?
The colored race, he says, is objectionable as in-
habitants of a Territory, because they are slaves.
The whites need protection! And yet, when the
blacks become free, they become more degraded,
and you exclude them from your free States!
According to this code of ethics the colored race
is unfit to live in the same community with the
whites; and all this lamentation over the wrongs
and oppression of the poor African is downright
hypocrisy. The sympathy for the poor negro,
therefore, is only to be manifested when political
agitation can be had, and political ends attained, j
by great professions of philanthropy over a run- j |
away or stolen negro, who has been arrested
under the fugitive slave law. Of course I do not
intend to make myself a personal application of
this expression, but properly and forcibly to char-
acterize the spirit and tendency of the arguments
of political agitators everywhere.
But not to pursue this further, all the South
asks is to be let alone, to bear the sin and evils,
if any, of slavery, well assured that, if our med-
dlesome neighbors had theirown way, they would
not improve, but greatly injure, the present condi-
tion of things, not only for the whites, but for the
blacks. It is only necessary to say to those who
reverence the Constitution, and the venerated
worthies who framed it, that slavery existed in a
large portion of the States at its formation; was
recognized and protected by that instrument; and
degenerate sons should never be permitted to re-
pudiate the solemn compacts of worthy sires.
And now I would ask, with the opinions which
the Fremont party entertain on this subject at the
present day, if we were in a convention to forma
new constitution, and their leaders were the repre-
sentatives of the northern people, would they agree
to the provisions embraced in the present Consti-
tution? Why not? Are they more virtuous,more
patriotic, more humane, and more wise than their
venerated fathers? And while we hear a strong
disclaimer, once in a while, (as from the Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Foster] the other day,)
of all wish to interfere with slavery in the States,
yet, with his views of the horrors and evils of
slavey, if it were now a question of the first im- }
pres3ion, would he or could he ever consent to :
enter into a confederacy with such a blighting j
curse, and agree to all the guards and guarantees |
of the present Constitution in relation to that I i
institution ? I apprehend not. Then what is the
conclusion ? These men are tired of the Consti-
tution which was formed by our pure and revolu-
tionary ancestors; and, instead of acting in that
conciliatory and fraternal feeling which prompted
the compromises of the Constitution on a subject
upon which there was a difference of opinion,
tunc every plan is resorted to to evade its sanc-
tions, anu to embarrass its action, with the hope
of crushing out an institution which they, in
their intensified philanthropy, suppose wrong;
and, Pharisee-like, they " thank God they are not
! like other men."
| It is not true that the South desire% as propa-
j gandists, to spread the institution of slavery
j everywhere, as they have been often charged; but
it is true that the South desires to stand upon a
perfect equality with the North, notwithstanding
she has a domestic institution not recognized by
the North in their State organizations; and he
must be a miserable fanatic who desires to make
a distinction between the States of this Union,
and refuse equality of political rights to an indi-
vidual or a State in this Union, because such in-
dividual is a slaveholder, or such State tolerates
slavery. Could it be expected for one moment
that this happy Union of ours could be cherished
by any individual or State which placed him or
her in a position of inferiority ?
I have said thus much on slavery, because it
cannot be disguised that this subject underlies
all the agitation which renders necessary the
passage of the bill under consideration as an effort
to restore the quiet of the country which has been
disturbed.
And now, Mr. President, the remedy to be
adopted by Congress is narrowed down to two
propositions according to my conception. The
Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] leading
the way for others to follow, has proposed the
remedy of admitting Kansas as a free State under
the Topeka constitution, by way of amendment
to the bill first reported by the committee. It is,
however, due to the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Colxamer,] to state that, in his minority report
of March 12, 1856, he suggested—
" There is, however, another way to put an end to all
this trouble there, and in the nation, without retracing steps
or continuing violence, or by force compelling obedience to
tyrannical laws made by foreign force, and that is by admit-
ting that Territory as a State with her free constitution."
Is it possible that it can be seriously contended
that this remedy would put an end to all this
trouble? It seems so; and is urged with all the
sanctions of the Black Republican convention
recently held in Philadelphia. This is a distinct
issue, and requires the advocates of Mr. Fremont
to take a position entirely consistent with the gen-
eral principles by whicn they are governed. I
assume they are opposed to the Constitution of
the United States; for I again ask, if they were
now called on to form a new one, with their
avowed principles, would they ever agree to the '
compromises of the present? Being opposed to !
the fundamental law, it is not surprising to see !
them countenance and support the violations of
the laws of Congress and of the Territorial Legis-
lature. It cannot be said, with any semblance of
truth, that the whole people of the Territory of.
Kansas had an agency in the formation of the ,
Topeka constitution. The movement originated j
with a faction; the avowed object was the sub-i
version of the legal authority in the Territory, in i
defiance of, and against the wishes of, the Terri- j
torial Legislature. The election for delegates was
held without authority of law, with none of the j
usual securities against fraud and illegal voting, i
and the whole conducted by a party with no one ;
differing in opinion to correct, detect, or expose ,
the frauds or irregularities that may have been
practiced. It is claimed that a majority of the
legal voters in the Territory voted on the adop-
tion of the constitution; but what reliable in-
formation have we of the fact claimed ?
Many of those who now sustain this Topeka
constitution have been engaged in the severest
reprobation of " squatter sovereignty-," and the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] yes-
terday was delighted with a discovery he sup- !
posed he had made, that the bill now under con- ]
sideration had extinguished what he denominated j
"squatter sovereignty;" but the only real prop- II
!| osition to assert and exemplify " squatter sov-
ji ereignty," with all the proper objections thereto,
in naked deformity, is the Topeka constitution,
j And it seems it is recently attracting opposition
from a source least expected. From indications
I here and elsewhere I infer it is too great an out-
i j rage upon " popular sovereignty"—the true prin-
; | ciple of the Kansas bill—to be swallowed by all
j those even who countenance this anti-slavery
crusade against the constitutional rights of the
i South. Is it to be so soon abandoned after form-
ing the great plank in the Blaek Republican plat-
llform? They resolve, "That Kansas should be
I! immediately admitted as a State of the Union
j with her present free constitution." While the
j! Senator from New Hampshire started several
| objections to the bill under consideration, yet it
I is a significant fact, that he did not venture to
i place tne " present free constitution" in compe-
; tition with it. I am gratified to find a returning
j sense of law and order among those who but a
II short time since were urging vehemently the adop-
tion of a measure so subversive of all the safe-
guards for the security of civil liberty, and so
entirely revolutionary and rebellious in its char-
acter.
Opposed to this is the bill reported from the
committee, the material features of which are
taken from the bill introduced by the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] That provides
for a fair and impartial enumeration of the bona
fide voters of the Territory; makes stringent
provisions to secure the purity and entire freedom
of the ballot-box; rejects all test oaths as a qual-
ification for voters; declares all laws in conflict
with the freedom of speech, the liberty of the
press, and the other fundamental principles of
American liberty, found in the Constitution of
the United States, to be of no force; prescribes
heavy penalties for illegal voting, for intimidation
or improper interference with the free right of
suffrage, and permits the bona fide voters thus
protected to elect delegates to a convention, who
are to determine whether it be or be not expedient
to form a State constitution; and if they determ-
ine in the affirmative, they are authorised to
form such constitution with or without slavery,
; as they may determine, for the purpose of being
admitted into the Union as a State. And it is
j1 further provided, that the President is clothed
j; with power to employ the military force, if ne-
cessary, to secure a faithful execution of the act.
J Can those who favor the Topeka constitution
j complain of the provisions or this bill? They
claim that the majority of the people are for a
free State; that is denied. They complain that
by fraud and violence they have been prevented
from voting in the Territory; this bill makes
ample provisions to avoid that. They complain
of the effect of the Kansas act, which allows a
few squatters to control the destinies of the State;
and vet, will they vote against a proposition
which proposes to obtain a fair expression of the
opinions of double the number of bona fide in-
: habitants than was there when the Topeka con-
j stitution was formed, and, in addition to that,
j enables the whole people, and not a mere party,
; to form the organic law.
There can be but one objection that I can see.
| They must be unwilling to leave the question to
I the people of the Territory from a fear that a ma-
I jority will not think as they do on the question
of slavery. Is it desired by them, and have we
come to that point, that the rights of the people
are thus to be contemned ? that this country is to
be convulsed on all occasions with the assump-
tion of congressional supremacy, and the right
asserted and enforced that no other slave State is
to be admitted in this Union ? It is fearfully true
that this is the tendency of the action of what is
j now a large party at-the North. I confess it
, with pain and mortification; but still, as I am a
I hopeful man, 1 will anticipate a different conclu-
' sion from the sober, reflecting masses of my
, northern fellow-citizens. Nothing can be ex-
1 pected from those politicians who blindly rush to
I the precipice, and who attempt, from vaulting
1 ambition, to lead the public sentiment of the
North. I am proud to say, and feel the highest
gratification to know, that amidst all this storm
and furor, patriotic men are still found at the
North who cling to the Constitution their fathers
