36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
second of thirty installments of annuity in
money, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten
thousand six hundred and sixty-six dollars and
sixty-six cents.
For second of thirty installments of annuity in
goods, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight
thousand dollars.
For second of thirty installments for purposes
of utility, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand dollars.
For second of twenty installments for purposes
of education, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-fixe, three
thousand dollars.
3?or sccond of five annual installments for the
purchase of powder, shot, lead, twine, and to-
bacco, per third article treaty twenty-second Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six hun-
dred dollars.
For sccond of five annual installments for the
hire of six laborers, per third article treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-live,
two thousand four hundred dollars. .
For second of fifteen annual installments for
support, of tsvo smiths and smiths' shops, per
- third article treaty twenty-second February, eigh-
teen bundled and fifty-five, two thousand one
hundred and twenty dollars.
Chippcioas of Saginaw, Swan Cict7r, and Black
River. — For first of five equal annual installments
for educational purposes, under the direction of
the-President, per second article of the treaty of
second August, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
four thousand dolkus.
For fust of five equal annual installments for
agricultural implements and carpenters' tools,
household furniture, and building materials, cattle,
labor, and necessary useful articles, per second
article of the tieaty uf second August., eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five thousand dollars.
For first of ten equal annual installments in coin,
to be distributed per capita, in the usual manner
of paying annuities, per second article of the
treaty of second August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-live, tun thousand dollars.
For first installment for the support of one
blacksmith shop, for ten years, per second article
of the treaty of second August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, twelve hundred and forty dollars.
For building a grist and saw null, purchase of
necessary fixtures and machinery, construction
of dam, race, and other appurtenances, per sec-
ond article of the treaty of second August, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, eight thousand dol-
lars.
For purchasing a saw mill; and repairs and
fixtures to be erected and locate?!, m pursuance of
the fust amendment of the Senate to the second
artidi; of the tieaty of second August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, four thousand dollars.
For the payment of the present just indebted-
ness of said Indians, in pursuance of the second (
amendment of the Senate to the second article of
the treaty of seeond August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-Jive, twenty thousand dollars.
Chickasaws.—For permanent annuity in goods,
per act of twenty-fifth February, seventeen hun-
dred and ninety-nine, three thousand dollars.
For payment to the Cluckasaws in full consid-
eration for their interest in the lease provided for
in the ninth article of the treaty of twenty-second
June, oightecnhunclrcd and fitty-live, in conform-
ity with the provisions of the tenth article of said
treaty, two hundred thousand dollars.
For expenses of commissioners who signed the
treaty 011 the part of the Chickasaws, in coming
to, leturmng from, and while remaining in,
"Washington city, per twenty-second article of
the treaty of twenty-second June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, seventeen hundred and sixty-
six dollars.
Chippewa?, Jlfcnomonees, Ifinnebagoes, aoul *Yeio
York Indiam.—For education, during the pleasure
of Congress, per fifth articlc treaty eleventh Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and twenty-seven, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
ChncUncs —For permanent annuity, per second
article treaty sixteenth November, eighteen hun-
dred and five, three thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of light-
horsemen, per thirteenth article treaty eighteenth
October, eighteen hundred and twenty, six hun-
dred dollars.
For permanent provision for education, per
second article treaty twentieth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, six thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith, per
sixth article treaty eighteenth October, eighteen
hundred and twenty, six hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel, per
ninth article treaty twentieth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, three hundred and
twenty dollars.
For reappiopriation of unexpended balance,
per act of fourth June, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two, on account of cattle delivered up to
the agents of the Government, carried to surplus
fund per warrant number twelve, dated thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, per six-
teenth article treaty twenty-seventh September,
eighteen hundred and thirty, one thousand and
seven dollars and fifty cents.
For part payment to the Choctaws for their
relinquishment and lease of lands, in conformity
with the provisions contained in the tenth and
thirteenth articles of the treaty of twcnty-second
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For interest on five hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, for education and other bene-
ficial purposes, to be applied under the direction
of the general council of the Choctaws, in con-
formity with the provisions contained in the tenth
and thirteenth articles of the treaty of twenty-
second .Turn*, eighteen hundied and fifty-five,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For inteiest, from the twenty-second of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, to the thirtieth of
June, eighteen bundled'and fifty-six,011 five hun-
dred thousand dollars, at five per centum, for
education and other beneficial purposes, to be
applied under the direction of the general council
of the Choctaws, in conformity with the provis-
ions contained in the tenth and thirteenth articles
of the treaty of twenty-sccond June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, twenty-live thousand six
hundred and sixteen dollars and forty-three
cents.
For expenses of commissioners who signed the
tieaty on the part of the Choctaws, m coming to,
returning from, and while remaining in, Wash-
ington city, per twenty-second article of the treaty
of twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three thousand nine hundied and sixty-
one dolkus and fifty cents.
Christian Indians.—For permanent annuity in
money, per acts twenty-sixth j\Iay, eighteen
hundred and twenty-four, and twentieth May,
eighteen hundred and twenty-six, four hundred
dollars.
Creeks.—For permanent annuity in money, per
fourth article tieaty seventh August, seventeen
hundred and ninety, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article trexty sixteenth June, eighteen hundred
and two, three thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity 111 money, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and for shop and tools, per eighth article
treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen hundred
and twenty-six, eight hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, two hun-
dred and seventy dollars.
For the last of twenty installments for two
blacksmiths and assistants, and shops and tools,
per thirteenth article treaty twenty-fourth March,
eighteen hundred ar^d thirty-two, one thousand
six hundred and eighty dollars.
For the last of twenty installments for iron and
steel for shops, ptr thirteenth article treaty twen-
ty-fourth March, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, five hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for the pay of a wheel-
wright, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth
January, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, six
hundred dollars.
For twenty-sixth of thirty-three installments
for education, per thirteenth article treaty twen-
ty-fourth March, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, and fourth article treaty fourth January,
eighteen hundred and forty-five, three thousand
dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty installments for edu-
cation, per fourth article treaty fourth January,
eighteen hundred and forty-five, three thousand
dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, and shop and
tools, during the pleasure of the President, per
fifth article treaty fourteenth February, eighteen
hundred and thirty-three,eighthundred and forty
dollars.
For iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of the President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, two
hundred and seventy dollars.
For wagon-maker, during the pleasure of the
President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, six
hundred dollars.
For assistance in agricultural operations, dur-
ing the pleasure of the President, per eighth arti-
cle treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty six, two thousand dollars.
For education, during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, per fifth article treaty fourteenth February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one thousand
dollars.
Delawares.—For life annuity to chief, per pri-
vate article to supplemental treaty twenty-fourth
September, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine,
to treaty of third October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, one hundred dollars.
For life annuity to chief, per supplemental arti-
cle to treaty twenty-sixth October, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-two, one hundred dollars.
For interest on forty-six thousand and eighty
dollars at five per centum, being the value of
thirty-six sections of land set apart by treaty of
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine for education,
per resolution- of Senate, nineteenth January,
eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, two thousand
three hundred and four dollars.
For third of eight equal installments for pay-
ment of five chiefs, per sixth article treaty sixth
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou-
sand two hundred and fifty dollars.
Florida Indians, or Seminoles.—For thirteenth
of fifteen installments in goods, per sixth article
treaty fourth January, eighteen hundred and
forty-five, two thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of fifteen installments in money,
per sixth article treaty fourth January, eighteen
hundred and forty-five, and fourth article treaty
ninth May, eighteen hundred and thirty-two,
three thousand dollars.
Iowas.—For interest in lieu of investment on
fifty-seven thousand five hundred dollars, to the
first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, at
live per centum, for education or other beneficial
purposes, under the direction of the President,
per second article treaty nineteenth October, eigh-
teen hundred and thhty-eight, and ninth article
treaty seventeenth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand eight hundred and sev-
enty-five dollars.
Kuiibas.—For interest in lieu of investment on
two hundred thousand dollars,at five per centum,
per second article treaty fourteenth January, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six, ten thousand dollars.
Kaskanklas, Peorias, TFeas, and Pianfceshaws.—
For payment of the last of three installments in
money, of thirteen thousand dollars each, for pur-
chase of former permanent annuities, and relin-
quishment of claims and damages, per sixth arti-
cle treaty thirtieth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, thirteen thousand dollars.
For the third of five installments for support
of blacksmith and assistant, per sixth article
treaty thirtieth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, seven hundred and twenty dollars.
For the third of five installments for the pur-
chase of iron and steel, per sixth articlc treaty
