770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
Pgsx Office Department, March 8, 1856.
Sir: In compliance with the resolution of the House of
Representatives, of the 28th ultimo, requesting information
in relation to tfte building in process of construction at Buf-
falo for a custom-house, po&t office, &c., I have the honor
to inclose herewith copies of two letters from the post-
master at Buffalo, and a copy of a statement made by the
collector at Buffalo, the postmaster at Buffalo, and the
United States district judge of the northern district of New
York, as furnishing all the information in possession of this
Depaitment on the subject. *
X embrace this occasion, however, to add, that in the
passage of laws for the erection of buildings for post offices
in the large cities, it is highly important that provision be
made not only for the present, but the future wants and
accommodations of the .citizens.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, JAMES CAMPBELL,
Postmaster Genet ah
Hon. N. P. Banks, Jr.,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Speaker, I have had
the misfortune for four years to oppose those
custom-house appropriations; and 1 have met
with such uniform bad luck, that I do not think
I shall be guilty of meddling; with them in fu-
ture.* I have never yet known one to be finished
since I have been m Congress, and I have not
the first idea that one ever will be finished under
the management of the present Secretary of the
Treasury. [Laughter.] "We are asked to make
appropriations every year "for completing," and
this has been done ever since I have been here.
We are now to take a new start. *We are not
asked for appropriations to complete; but, after all
contracts have been made on the recommenda-
tion of the Treasury Department, we are asked
to make appropriations to begin again and build
larger houses.
1 merely callod for the reading of the letters
from the departments, to show that the building
was estimated for and recommended by the Treasury
Department. I had another reason. Shortly after
the adjournment of the last Congress, I saw an
article winch attempted to cast the odium for
large expenditures on the Congress of the United
States by stating that so much had boon appro-
priated on estimates, so much had been {subse-
quently asked for by the Departments, and that
Congress appropriated the residue without con-
sulting the Departments at all. Since the esti-
mates are in, and the soddle is upon the li^ht
horse, I dismiss the subject without further re-
mark.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire ihis subject to have a
definite and final determination, so that the con-
tracts may be at once operated on; and therefore
move to reconsider the vote by which the reso-
lution was passed, and that that motion be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS, ETC., IN THE MAILS.
Mr. BALL. I oiler the following resolution:
Resolved. That thtitfL'onmuitco on the Post Olfic* and
Post lload> be, ana heWn- air. instructed to inquire whejhi't
any legislation h neet>x:u\ to jnevent postmasters <>i their
deputies, or orhei pei^on.- nuvin^ .lcre^ to the mails of the
United States riorn fann-z envelopes and opening public
documents or ^eeds, fioiu the Talent Oifiee, whieh may be
Jsent out Lhroi'/lt the mail - l>\ nr inbers of Coneve^ and di-
rected to per-Ofi-. other tluii saul postmasters deputies, &c.;
and that -aid •■ouimuiee have leave to lepott h> lull or
olhenvi^e.
Mr. JOTSTKS, of TenneJke. I wish to have an
amendment of the resolution before it is adopted.
I ask that these words he added to it: uAnd that
the committee also inquire ?s to the propriety and
expediency of prohibiting the transmission of
>jeeds through the mails."
^ Mr. BALL. lw:oVt ihc amendment as a modi-
fication of my reflation.
The resolution, us modified, was adopted.
lA'DIAA" HOSTILITIES.
Mr. FAULKNER introduced the following
resolution: which was read and adopted: 1
Resohei', That, tlie Pi^idcntoi !; m Unit:1!! St;'!"- be. and
Ite )-■ !h-t( by. reque.-t sil lo eouimniiicatt; to this fEnu -c, (it*
uQt incompatible with the public intercuts) iiS! official let-
ters and other information tii In: po.^e^iuii, not lieictolbic
communicate.! to Con^ros^ m Ins 1 a-t: a.inunl
iouclim.it the ong.n. nt-o^ress, and Dresent condition ot' Jn-
duui hostihnsi? m tiie. Tciiitoiie-j ot Oregon and H .Isling-
ton, and aUo the mer^ure-* winch have been adopted to
I^seivv peace and to mvp protection to the inhabitants of
said Tei ritoiivs
FOREIGN COMMERCIAL REGULATIONS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I am in-
structed by the Committee on Commerce to re-
port a bill to amend an act entitled " An act
requiring all foreign regulations of commerce to
be laid annually before Congress," approved
August 16, 1842. I move that the bill be read
a first and second time; that the bill and accom-
panying report be printed; and that they be re-
committed to .the Committee on Commerce. The
bill is reported from the committee in obedience
to a resolution of the House.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the committee
have fully prepared their bill, I move that it be
referred to the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union; and that the bill and accom-
panying report be ordered to be printed. I will
say that I am opposed to committees, after they
have prepared bills, moving their recommittal,
and that they, together with the accompanying
reports, be ordered to be printed with the view,
at some subsequent day, of reporting them, and
forcing them to their passage to the exclusion of
other business. Unless the committee want a
recommittal in order to alter the provisions of the
bill, I move that it be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
takes precedence of the other motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mr. Speaker, I will state
the reason why I move a recommittal of the bill
to the Committee on Commerce. Since the Com-
mittee passed upon it, amendments to it have been
suggested, which, I think, ought to be considered
and acted on before the bill is brought into the
House for action. Therefore it is that I have
moved that the bill be recommitted, and, with the
report, be printed.
Mr. JONES. Then I suggest thattherg is no
necessity for the order to print until the bill is per-
fected and brought here for our consideration. If
the bill is to be recommitted for the purpose of
having it revised and perfected, I think it would
be best not to print it until it has been so revised
and perfected, and reported here for the purpose
of putting it on its passage.
Mr. CAMPKELL, of Ohio. Ifit is the inten-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois to put the bill
on its passage when it is again reported, I shall
interpose objection to the motion now made.
Otherwise I will not.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The bill is one to which
perhaps there will be lio particular opposition by
the House. Whether it shall meet with none,
and it shall be the general sense of the House to
pass it? or whether it shall meet with opposition,
it is y ei completely under the control of the House;
and the House can, when it is reported back by
the committee, refer it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I therefore ask
that my motion be agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I think the best
plan is to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole Mil the state of the Union.
Mr. RICHARDSON, The bill can be per-
fected in Committee of the Whole just as well as
bv the committee.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
motion, and it was agreed to.
Wo the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed, together with the accompanying re-
port.
JCRORS IN THE DISTRICT OV COLUMBIA.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take from the table Sen-
ate bill (No. HO) to amend an act entitled "An
act to regulate the fees and costs to be allowed to
clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the circuit and
district courts of the United States, and for other
purposes." It is a bill winch was before the
House some time since, and upon the third read-
ing of which the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Joxes] called for tellers, but liefo'-e it was acted
upon the House adjourned. I will state to the
House that the bill contains a single section,and
proposes one single eie-et. The jurors who serve
in the circuit courts of the United States are now-
paid two dollars a day. When tiie act was passed
increasing the rate of pay to two dollars a day,
the circuit court of the District of Columbia, for
some reason or other, was not embraced in the
bill; and the only object which this bill proposes
to attain, is to give the jurors who serve in the
circuit court of this District the same compensa-
tion. which jurors receive in the Federal courts in
the several States. A term of the circuit court
of this District opens this morning, and, if the
act passes at all, it is just and fair that it should
pass at once.
Mr. LETCHER. I want to say a word or
two in opposition to this bill.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to taking up the bill ?
Mr. LETCHER. I want to understand dis-
tinctly how this matter is, and I want inform-
ation from the gentleman from Kentucky upon
this subject. There was a bill in regard to the
fees of marshals and clerks of the United States
courts passed by this House in 1853. That bill
I opposed, but it was forced through this House
under the operation of the previous question.
The effect of that bill has been to lead to abuses
in all the United States courts to such an extent
as to induce the Secretary of the Interior to sug-
gest the necessity of having the bill reviewed for
the purpose of saving the immense amounts of
money which are now being constantly squan-
dered under that bill. I am opposed to the intro-
duction of this bill, because I want that abuse
corrected. The House will see the necessity of
some such action when I tell them, that in twelve
months' time the expenses of the district courts
of the United States have run up from $700,000
to §1,000,000; and that there is now before the
Committee of Ways and Means an estimate of a
deficiency of $200,000, in addition to the $800,000
appropriated last year to meet expenses up to the
30th of June. '
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not know what has
been the operation of the bill to which the gen-
tip tyl vi vp tp r <2
Mr. LETCHER. For the reasons which I
have stated I object to taking the bill from the
Speaker's table.
Mr. MARSHALL. I hope the gentleman will
not object.
Mr. LETCHER. X am willing that the bill
should be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, because \ want them to consider these
communications from the Comptroller of the
Treasury and the Secretary of the Interior, in
order that they may see if they cannot remedy
the evils to which I have referred.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will state, for the benefit
of the gentleman, that this bill has passed the
Senate: it came to this House, was read twice,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
that committee reported it back without amend-
ment. The bill has no relation to the fees of
marshals and clerks; it relates only to the pay of
jurors in the circuit courts of the United States,
and affects no other object in the world than to
give to jurors in this District the same compen-
sation which jurors now get in every State of
the Union.
Mr. LETCHER. One of the very complaints
made is in regard to the expenses of the judiciary
of this District. The Comptroller of the Treasury
and the Secretary of the Interior say, that the
expenses arc now monstrous. Then, besides,
how did this bill get upon the Speaker's table,
when it was reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary?
Mr. MARSHALL. The manner in which it
got upon the Speaker's table is this: it was
reported, by the committee, and when it came up
for consideration, and was upon its third reading,
there not being a quorum present in the estimation
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
lie called for tellers; and pending the call for toll-
ers, the Speaker entertained a motion to adjourn,
and the House did adjourn; and under the rules
of the House the hill went upon the Speaker's
table. 1
I move to suspend the rules to allow me to sub-
mit a motion to take up the bill.
The motion was not agreed to, two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
SUPPRESSION OF INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN
OREGON.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to;
