1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO® .
761
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kanaas—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
to refuse to vote, and deprive the Senate of a
quorum ?
Mr. BROWN. Who are they ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Fessentosn,] and the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Vr ilson.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
will read the 16th rule of the Senate.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" When the yeas and nays shall be called for by one fifth
of the members present, each member called upon shall,
unless for special reasons he be excused by the Senate,
declare openly, and without debate, his assent or dissent to
the question."
Mr ADAMS. That is the point I made.
The PRESIDENT pre tempore. The Chair had
overlooked that rule.
Mr. BAYARD. The practice of the Senate on
that subject, however, has not been coercive.
They have always supposed that every Senator
•who was present would, when necessary for the
purpose of making a quorum, record his vote.
Th<* is no doubt that it is a plain violation of
the rule of the Senate for a Senator to refuse to
role when he is not excused. By courtesy we
often pass it over where the enforcement of the
rule is not absolutely necessary; but still I know
of no coercive measure which we can adopt, if
Senators will not vote.
If, as I understand from the remarks of the
honorable Senator from Missouri, when the yeas
and nays are taken, and no quorum votes, there
is no record made upon the Journal of those who
do vote, 1 think it is wrong, because when the
yeas and nays are called, lieyond all question
the vote ought to appear on the Journal, in order
to show that there was not a quorum voting, and
who are the parties that occasioned the non-
existence of a quorum. I care not whether the
question voted upon {lasses or does not pass; but
certainly the Journal is not a truthful representa-
tion of the proceedings of the Senate, if it does
not show the fact which is essential to exhibit
that there is no quorum. When the yeas and
nays are called, the name cf every man that votes
ought to be recorded, and of course that would
show who refused to vote.
Mr. YULEE. I should suppose that up to
the point where we are arrested for the want of
a quorum, it is part of the proceedings of the
body, and ought properly, uneer the requirement
of the Constitution, to be recorded.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Such has not
been the practice of the Secretary in making up
the Journal, as he informs the Presiding Officer,
but if it be the pleasure of the Senate, that order
can be made hereafter.
Mr. HUNTER. - In regard to the making up
of the Journal, I believe it has never been the
practice of either House to enter on the Journal
votes, but only what is done or refused to be done
l>y the body. The case in which the names of the
minority would be entered is where less than &
quorum is enforcing the attendance of the other
members by calling for them. Then the votes of
the other members will appear on the Journal,
because for that purpose less than a quorum may
act; but it has not been the habit, in making up
the Journal in either House, where less than a
quorum votes, toenter that vote, because it decides
nothing.
Mr. BAYARD. Such may have been the prac-
ticc, but 1 submit that it is a wrong practice, be-
cause, by the rule of the Senate, every member,
when called upon, is bound to vote; and when a
quorum does net vote, how can you know it
officially ? Have you a right to trust the Secre-
tary to say there is no quorum voting, and enter
it so on the Journal? Is he not bound to take
down the names as they vote; and ought it not to
appear on the Journal that there is no quorum
when the yeas and nays are called? Strictly
speaking, I cannot doubt that it in a violation of
the rule of the Senate. When the yeas and nays
are called, whether a quorum votes or does not
vote, the names of those who vote ought to be
taken down, because it cannot officially appear
otherwise that there is no quorum voting, and you
must take the mere statement of the officer that
there is no quorum. What right have you to
take that? You are bound to take the yeas and
nays as called, and they will show on the face of
the record that no quorum voted, and they will
also show who were the parties who did not
vote.
1 The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That question
i is not now before the body.
I Mr. DOUGLAS. Under the rule making it
I the duty of Senators who are present to vote,
: I ask that the name of the Senator from Massa-
] chusctts be called.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
1 will call the Senator from Massachusetts.
I The Secretary. Mr. Wilson,
1 Mr. WILSON. Nay.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask that the name of the
Senator from Maine be called.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really wish to know
whether, by a rule of the Senate, I am obliged to
vote ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the 16th
rule of the Senate the Senator is required to vote
unless the Senate excuse him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I obey the rules. I have
! no sort of objection to voting. In fact, I was pre-
pared to vote; but when thediseussion sprang up
i on this matter, 1 took time to hear what the dis-
I cussion might be. I vote yea,
! Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin is now present.
Mr. DODGE. J vote nay.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Would it be in order to
discuss the proposed amendment of the Senator
from Mississippi?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not while the
yeas and nays are being called.
Mr. BROWN. "The Senator can proceed by
leave of the Senate.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I should like to
know whether the deeree that has gone forth to
sit out this bill to-night, is irrevocable and unal*
terable ?
Mr.DOUGLAS. Ishouldlike to know whether
this decree that has gone forth to break up the
session for want of a quorum, is irrevocable and
unalterable ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Does the gentle-
man allude to me, in any conspiracy of that sort?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Does the gentleman allude
to me in any conspiracy of that sort ? <
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do allude to the
honorable Senator from Illinois; but then I ask
him if he means to say that I have any interest
in postponing this question ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not know, but too
many of us have heard, and we cannot close our
ears to what has occurred, that the breaking up
of a quorum was to occur. We have had notice
of it. It was known to several Senators, It
was talked over among us before it did occur.
What we overhewd and could net help hearing
has transpired.
Now, in regard to the Senator's question, as
to whether this decree is inexorable. We have
occupied forty days out of the ninety-four daysof
this session, since the organization of the House
of Representatives, on this question. Never
has there been as much time given for debate on
any question as on this. We have urged the
other side to allow it to come up and speak upon
it, so as to haye the debate finished. When, on
Monday last, it was- well known by the arrange-
ment of the previous week that the subject was
tocomeup, not one of thoseScttators waufdspeak.
We asked them to do so; hut they refused to
engage in the debate, and- now- they complain of
want of time to-day.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hove no expla-
nation to make in regard to myself, if the eentte-
man alludes to me. I do not know whether he
does allude to me. The series of bills now before
the Senate was reported by the committee only on
last Monday, I do not stand here to explain or
to defend the conduct of gentlemen of any party.
What 1 asked was a civil and parliamentary ques-
tion. The honorable Senator seems to think that
my interrogatory was put with a purpose to bol-
ster up some views of other gentlemen. Now,
I desire to say that I think—Ido not know—but
I can undertake to conjecture, that those gentle-
men would just as soon the bill was passed as
not. They will vote against it probably, but they
have no great objection to its passage. There
are some Senators here who would desire that
that bill .^huWdunder^ wme ajtepatio*,.and tkejr
would be very much pleased to present their views
fullv enough to be comprehended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
under the impression that the debate is out of
order.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I'will conclude
with a motion that will make it in order, and par-
liamentary, I think.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
call of the roll now gotng on, and no motion ia
in order except to adjourn.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I can move to ad-
journ. If there is any object in any honorable
Senator, or in the President of the Senate, cutting
off any remarks of mine, I will stop at once. I
have nothing unfair to disguise. I am most anx-
ious that this proposition shall pass, but in a
shape somewhat different from that in which it
is now presented. I say that much in justice to
myself. I have no doubt there are honorable
j Senators who think I have some scheme in my
head in order to defeat the views of the majority,
i I have none such, and thoy do roe the grossest
injustice by thinkingso. Even if I had the inten-
tion, I have not the power to carry it out; but I
hope the honorable Senator from Illinois has no
I such suspicion with regard to my views. If he
' has, I can only inform him he does me the grossest
injustice. If I could see any importance in press-
ing this bill through, amended, or without being
amended, and deciding the question to-night, I
would not ask for any delay; but I do not ask it
on my own account. 1 do not mean to be under
any obligation&to anybody under such circum-
stances.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There ia a quorum now
present.
Mr. ADAMS. Let the «ynendment be read.
The Secretary again read the amendment.
The following gentleman now voted: Mr. Al-
len, Mr. Weller, Mr. Foster, Mr. Skwars,
Mr. Coxa am eh, Mr. Crittenden, and Mr. Clay-
ton.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the amend-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi 22 have
j voted in the affirmative, and 15 in the negative.
I Those who voted were as follows:
! YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee,
Biggs, Brodhead, Brown, Clay, Clayton, Col lamer, Crit-
tenden, Fessenden, Fitzpatnck, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hun-
ter, Fverson, SfaJIory, Mason, Reid, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, and Yulee—•&
NAYS — Messrik Alien, Bitter. Bright, Cass, Dodge,
Douglas, Evans, Jnnea of (owa, ['ugh, Sewaid, SUdeU*
Toombij, Welter, Wilson, andW'right—15.
So the ameadment was agreed to.
Mn WILSON. I move to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill, and insert the fol-
lowing in lieu of it:
That  H nets passed by the begtelntim of Santas, or bf
any assembly acting as such, be, and the same are hereby,
abrogated, and declared void SjiiI of no effect.
Mr. REID called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. This is so extraordi-
nary a proposition, that it seems to me it ought
to be accompanied with some explanation. The
posture of affairs in Kansas, according to the con-
ception of.every one, requires some remedy.
This remedy, which the gentleman proposes, is
completely and entirely to abolish all the laws of
the Territory. The-complaint heretofore made
was of the violation of the laws; but there will
certainly be no violation of laws hereafter, if the
remedy of the gentleman prevail, for'there will
be no law. Are we to remedy the condition of
things there, by our own acts creating a lawless
stale of society ? I cannot understand it, and I
am sure I must misunderstand it, if such be it.
How does it remedy the present violence, by
authorizing and extending impunity to every act
a man can dol There is no malum prohibitum,
and no provision for the punishment of future of-
fenses, even those malum in se. I cannot con 
ceive what the gentleman's object is. *
Mr. WILSON. The proposition ia a very
plain and simple one, and I take it that every
member of the Senate >vill readily comprehend its
entire scope and meaning, The proposition is
to strikeout the entire bill, which, in my judg-
ment, is a bill to make Kansas a slave State, and
to repeal the laws of that Legislature which was
fo«CB<t,Ujpon.the peAgle-of iUowMt by foui: that*
