1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1497
man that the bill now under consideration has
nothing to do with any that has been heretofore
passed.
Mr. McMIXLTJN. Well, how much has been
expended on that Cascade Mountain road?
Mr. ANDERSON. Upon the Cascade road,
for which the blank was filled with $8,000 just
now, $25,000 lias been heretofore expended, with
a recommendation by the officer under whose
charge the road was constructed, that §10,000
more be appropriated to complete the road, and
that a sum be also appropriated for the purpose
of paying the citizens for work done by them to
the amount of about $8,000.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am not disposed to be at
all illiberal in my legislation for the Territories,
but it does seem to me that there ought to be a
stopping place somawherc.
J\Ir. GROW. This is the last road.
Mr. McMULLIN. There have been several
others that ought te have been the last. It occurs
to me that our legislation for the Territories has
become entirely too loose, it strikes me that
gentlemen are doing gross injustice to themselves,
and particularly to their constituents.« All that a
gentleman has to do is to present a claim for a
road, or any work,-to get it passed, save and ex-
cept the Delegate from Kansas.
Mr. GROW made a remarks which was en-
tirely inaudible to the reporters.
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman refused
to vote for the penitentiary for Kansas.
Mr. LETCHER. Will my colleague let me
interrupt him for a moment? Does not the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories know the
fact that, by his own action in part, the Delegate
from Kansas was sent from this House to the
Territory, and was thereby prevented from blink-
ing his proposition before the committee?
♦Mr. GIIOW. Memorials from the Territorial
Legislatures v/cre scntto this House, and referred
to our committee: but no such application was
made by the Legislature of Kansas, or by any
person in Kansas, to our committee.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask my friend from Penn-
sylvania whether, if that recommendation had
come from the committee, he would have voted
for an appropriation to build a penitentiary in
Mr. GROW. Certainly I should.
Mr. McM ULLIN. Well, I will try to get the
committee to make a report; and now I leave the
committee to determine whotherit will give what-
ever is asked for to all the Territories except
Kansas ?
On motion of Mr. GROW, the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
EXPENSES m UTAH, IN SUPPRESSING IN-
DIAN HOSTILITIES.
The committee then proceeded to the consider-
ation of a bill (H. R. No. 42G) to reimburse the
Temtory of Utah for certain expenses incurred
by the Territory in the suppression of Indian
hostilities in the year 3853.
The hill was read. The firstsectionauthorizcvs
and directs the Secretary of War to adjust and
settle with the proper authorities of the Territory
of Utah the accounts and claims of said Territory
for necessary or proper expenditures incurred
and paid by said Territory in the suppression of
Indian hostilities therein, m the year 1853. The
second section enacts that the amount so ascer-
tained and settled by the Secretary of "War, not
exceeding $76,017 40, shall be paiH to the proper
authorities of said Territory, out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. CIU1TMAN. In reference to this bill, I
would state to the committee, as it is proper that
some explanation should be made, that in 1853
there were no United States troops within the
Territory of Utah, nor within five hundred miles
of that Territory. Some Indian hostilities broke
out, which seemed to require the Governor of
Utah to call out the militia force, in the absence
of the United States troops, to suppress Indian
hostilities. It has been my duty, as one of the
committee, to examine very carefully the orders
given by Governor "Voung, and also into the ex-
pensesincurred; and, in my judgment, the orders
given to the volunteer troops called out by him
were very proper.
The Governor seemed very anxious to main-
tain peace with the Indian tribes; and in the j{
absence of the United States troops, the employ-
I ment of militia was absolutely necessary to drive
| out the Indians. The accounts have all been
I paid by the territorial government, and it seems
I to me to be right and proper that the amount
| should be refunded. The only question left
I somewhat in doubt by the evidence is, whether
some portion of these troops might not have been
called out for some other purpose than the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities. In order to pro-
tect the Government of the United States from
lending its aid to the Territory of Utah for any
other purpose than the. legitimate purpose of
defense against the hostilities of Indian tribes,
the committee will perceive that the bill is very
carefully worded—providing that the Secretary
of War and the other accounting officers shall
examine into the necessity and propriety of
calling out these troops, and into the expendi-
tures; instead of the House assuming the respons-
ibility. The amount is not large. I will add,
in justice to the territorial authorities, that the
accounts are presented in full; are very intelligible,
and appear to be based upon very reasonable
expenditures.
Mr. BERNHISEL. X would say, in reply to
the gentleman fiom Mississippi, that the troops
were employed for no oiher purpose than for the
suppression of Indian hostilities. The policy of
the people and government of that Territory
towards the Indians has been pacific and concil-
iatory. In 1853 the Indians committed depreda-
tions, and the militia were ordered out in the ab-
sence of the United States troops, and were kept
: in service for some considerable length of time.
I They acted entirely on the defensive, and suc-
: ceeded in their efforts to conciliate the Indians
j and to restore peace.
I On motion of Mr. GROW, the bill was laid
i aside, to be leported to the House with a recom-
! mendation that it do pass.
I REGISTER OF LA.KD OFFICE, OREGON CITY.
I The committee then proceeded to the consid- i
| eration of a bill (H. R. No. 427) for the relief of '
the register of the land oflice at Oregon City,
Oregon, and for other purposes.
The first section enacts that, upon the rendi-
tion by the register of the land office at Oregon
City, to the Secretary of the Interior, of an ac-
count, duly verified, exhibiting an actual pay-
ment or payments by the register of the land of-
fice at Oregon City, Oregon, for clerk hire in his
office, supported by vouchers verified under oath,
with evidence showing satisfactorily that the ser-
vice paid for and performed was indispensable to
the proper transaction*of the public business in
the land office aforesaid, it shall and may be law-
ful for the Secretary of the Interior to ordter the
adjustment of said accounts, if not exceeding
^3,000, which sum is appropriated as a fund out
of which such actual payments, when ascertained
us aforesaid, may be made.
The second section appropriates for similar
services in the land offices in Oregon', should such
hereafter be found necessary, the sum of $6,000,
to be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior at such points in said Terri-
tory as the public interests may require; pro-
vided, that such cleiks as it may be found neces-
sary to employ shall only be paid by the day,
and for such time as their services are actually
required.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move that the bill be
laid aside, and reported to the House.
Mr. STANTON. I move that it be laid aside,
to be reported with a recommendation that it be ;
referred to the Committee of Claims. It is a i
private claim, and has no business here. _ !
Mr. LANE. No, sir; it is not a private claim, j
There is a letter from the Commissioner of the :
Land Office m reference to the matter. I
Mi. WALBR1DGE. I ask for the reading of.
that letter. It is one from the Commissioner of ;
the Land Office, stating that these services had ;
been rendered; that the clerks have been em-
ployed by the land office in Oregon, and the cir-
cumstances under which it was necessary and
proper that they should be employed; and stating 1
further, sir, that a like number of clerks will be .
required, and that that appropriation is necessary.
Mr. STANTON. The objection that I make j
is, that the bill should not be here at all. We
are engaged in territorial business, and this is' a
private bill for the payment of indivduals for
services heretofore rendered, and not provided
for by existing law. I propose to move to strika
out the section providing for the payment of past
services.
The question was taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. GROW moved that the bill be laid aside,
to be reported to the Bouse.
The motion was agreed to.
EXPENSES OF INDIAN WARS IN OREGON
AND WASHINGTON.
The committee next proceeded to the consid-
eration of House bill (No. I) to authorize the
Secretary of War to settle and pay the expenses
of the war with the Indians in the Territories of
Oregon and Washington, in the years 1855 and
1856, and for other purposes.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move that the com-
mittee rise; I want to look into that bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Leiter reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bills
Nos. 428, 41G, 419, 423, 424, 42G, and 427, and
joint resolution No. 20; and had directed him to
report the same to the House, without amend-
ment, with a recommendation that they do pass;
That they had also had under consideration
House bill (No. 420) making appropriations for
the construction of territorial roads in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska, and had instructed him to re-
port the same to the House, with a recommend-
ation that it do not pass;
And that the committee had also had under
consideration the bill of the House (No. 1) to
authorize the Secretary of War to settle and pay
the expenses of the war with the Indians in the
Territories of Oregon and Washington, in the
years 1855 and 1856, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. LETCHER, (at
ten minutes to four o 'clock,) the House adjourned
until to-morrow, at twelve o 'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Fridav, June 27, 185G.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo , Chaplain to the
House of Representatives.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills
and resolution; which thereupon received the
signature of the President pro tempore:
An act granting to certain citizefls of the Stats
of Missouri the right to enter certain lands in the
Plattsburg district, m that State;
An act authorizing the settlement of the ac-
counts of Charles P. Babeock, late Indian agent
at Detroit, in the State of Michigan;
An act to change the times of holding the United
States courts in Tennessee;
An act to authorize the issue of a register to the
bark Tropic Bird; and
A resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Interior to settle the accounts of Oliver M. Wo-
zencraft.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of citizen.*
of Arkansas, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Holly Point to Monticello, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Poet Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of citizens of Eagle Town, in
the Choctaw nation, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from the Hot Springs, in
Arkansas, to Paris,in Texas; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of the heirs
of Uri Emmons, praying for an extension of the
patent issued to him for improvements!!! planing
machines; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Lewis
J. Williams, a passed assistant surgeon m the
