1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
thirtieth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
two hundred and twenty dollars.
Kickapoos.—For third installment of interest at
five per centum on one hundred thousand dollars,
for education, per second article treaty eighteenth
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five thou-
sand dollars.
For the payment of this sum as the third in-
etallmentupon two hundred thousand dollars, per
second article treaty eighteenth May, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, twenty thousand dollars.
Menomonees.—For first of twelve installments
for continuing and keeping up blacksmith shop
and providing the usual quantity of iron and steel,
per fourth article treaty eighteenth October, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-eight, and third article
treaty twelfth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, nine hundred and sixteen dollars and sixty-
six cents.
For first of ten installments of annuity upon
two hundred thousand dollars, balance of three
hundred and fifty thousand dollars for cession of
lands, per fourth article treaty eighteenth Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, and third
article treaty twelfth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, twenty thousand dollars.
J\Iiamies.—For permanent provision for black-
smith and assistant, and iron and steel for shop,
per fifth article treaty sixth October, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, and fourth article treaty
fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine
hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for miller, in lieu of
gunsmith, per fifth article treaty sixth October,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifth article treaty
twenty-third October, eighteen hundred and thir-
ty-four, and fourth article treaty fifth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dol-
lars.
For sixteen installments in money, per second
article treaty twenty-eighth November, eighteen
hundred and forty, and fourth and sixth articles
treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
twelve thousand and five hundred dollars.
For interest on investment of two hundred and
twenty-one thousand two hundred and fifty-seven
dollars and eighty-six cents, at five per centum,
for Miami Indians of Indiana, per Senate's amend-
ment to fourth article treaty fifth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, eleven thousand and sixty-
two dollars and eighty-nine cents.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at five
per centum, for educational purposes, per third
article treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand five hundred dollars,.
For third of six equal annual installments to
Miamies residing on ceded lands, for purchase of
former perpetual and other annuities and relin-
quishment of claims, per fourth article treaty fifth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, thirty-one
thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine dollars
and eleven cents.
Mamies—Eel River.—For permanent annuity
in goods or otherwise, per fourth article treaty
third August, seventeen hundred and ninety-five,
five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third article treaty twenty-first August, eigh-
teen hundred and five, two hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third and separate article to treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and nine, three hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
Auvajoes.—For fulfilling treaty stipulations with
the Navajoes, pursuant to the requirements of the
tenth article treaty ninth September, eighteen
hundred and forty-nine, five thousand dollars.
Jfisqually, Pwjallup, and other tribes and bands
of Indians.—For fulfilling the articles negotiated
twenty-sixth December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, with certain bands of Indians of Pu-
get's Sound, Washington Territory:
For second installment, in part payment for re-
linquishment of title to lands to be applied to ben-
eficial objects, per fourth article of treaty twenty-
sixth December, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
three thousand dollars.
For second of twenty installments for pay of
instructor, smith, physician, carpenter, farmer,
and assistant if necessary, per tenth article treaty
twenty-sixth December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, four thousand five hundred dollars.
Omahas.—For second of three installments, in
money or otherwise, of forty thousand dollars
each per annum, per fourth article treaty sixteenth
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, forty
thousand dollars. ,
For second of ten installments for support of a
miller, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dol-
lars.
For second of ten installments for support of
blacksmith and assistant, and iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine hundred
and forty dollars.
For second of ten installments for support of
farmer, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dol-
lars.
Osages.—Fornineteenth of twenty installments,
as annuity, in money or otherwise, per second
article treaty eleventh January, eighteen hundred
and thirty-nine, twenty thousand dollars.
For nineteenth of twenty installments for two
smiths' establishments, per second article treaty
eleventh January, eighteen hundred and thirty-
nine, two thousand dollars.
For interest on sixty-nine thousand one hun-
dred and twenty dollars, at five per centum, be-
ing the value of fifty-four sections of land set
apart second January, eighteen hundred and
twenty-five, for educational purposes, per Senate
resolution nineteenth January, eighteen hundred
and thirty-eight, three thousand four hundred
and fifty-six dollars.
Ottoes and Missourias.—For second of three in-
stallments, as annuity, in money, or otherwise,
per fourth article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, twenty thousand dollars.
For second of ten installments for pay of miller,
per seventh article treaty fifteenth March, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
For second of ten installments for blacksmith
and assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per
seventh article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, nine hundred and forty
dollars.
For second of ten installments for farmer, per
seventh article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
Ottawas.—For permanent annuity in goods or
otherwise, per fourth article treaty third August,
seventeen hundred and ninety-five, one thousand
dollars.
For permanent annuity in money or otherwise,
per second article treaty seventeenth November,
eighteen hundred and seven, eight hundred dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty twenty-ninth August, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-one, one thousand dollars.
Otto was and Chippewas of Michigan.—For pay-
ment of the present just indebtedness of said In-
dians, in accordance with the last amendment of
the Senate to the first article of the treaty of
thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
forty thousand dollars.
For first of ten equal annual installments for
educational purposes, to be expended under the
direction of the President, according to the wishes
of the Indians, so far as may be reasonable and
just, per second article of the treaty of thirty-first
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight thou-
sand dollars.
For first of five equal annual installments m
agricultural implements aud carpenters' tools,
household furniture, and building materials, cattle,
labor, and necessary useful articles, per second
article of the treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, fifteen thousand dollars.
For first installment for the support of four
blacksmith shops for ten years, per second article
of the treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, four thousand two hundred and forty
dollars.
For first installment of principal payableannu-
ally for ten years, to be distributed per capita, in
the usual manner of paying annuities, per second
article of the treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For interest on two hundred and nihety-six
thousand dollars, unpaid part of the principal sum
of three hundred and six thousand dollars, for one
year, at five per centum per annum, to be dis-
tributed per capita, in the usual manner of paying
annuities, per second article of the treaty of thir-
ty-first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four-
teen thousand eight hundred dollars.
For first of ten equal annual installments, in
lieu of former treaty stipulations, to be paid per
capita to the Grand River Ottowas, per^second
article of the treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars: Provided, That no part of the appro-
priations for the Ottowas and Chippewas of Mich-
igan shall be expended until the assent of said
Indians to the Senate amendments to said treaty
shall first be obtained.
Ottowas of Kansas,—For their proportion of the
permanent annuities in money, goods, or other-
wise, payable under the fourth article of the treaty
of third August, seventeen hundred and ninety-
five, second article of the treaty of seventeenth No-
vember, eighteen hundred and seven, fourth article
of the treaty of seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, fourth article of the treaty
of the twenty-ninth August, eighteen hundred
and twenty-one, two thousand six hundred dol-
lars.
Pawnees.—For agricultural implements, during
the pleasure 'of the President, per fourth article
treaty ninth October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
three, one thousand dollars.
Pottawatomies.—For permanent annuity in sil-
ver, per fourth article treaty third August, seven-
teen hundred and ninety-five, one thousand dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third
article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and nine, five hundred dollars.
For .permanent annuity in silver, per third
article' treaty second October, eighteen hundred
and eighteen, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty twentieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-eight, two thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per second
article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-nine, sixteen thousand dollars.
For life annuity to chief, per third article treaty
twentieth October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, two hundred dollars.
For life annuity to chiefs, per third article
treaty twenty-sixth September, eighteen hundred
and thirty-three, seven hundred dollars.
For education, during the pleasure of Congress,
per third article treaty sixteenth October, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-six, second article
treaty twentieth September, eighteen hundred
and twenty-eight, and fourth article treaty twen-
ty-seventh October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, five thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for the payment of
money, in lieu of tobacco, iron, and steel, per
second article treaty twentieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-eight, and tenth article
of the treaty of the fifth and seventeenth June,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, three hundred
dollars.
For permanent provision for fifty barrels of
salt, per second article treaty twenty-ninth July,
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For interest on six hundred and forty-three
thousand dollars, at five per centum, per seventh
article of the treaty of the fifth and seventeenth
June, eighteen hundred and forty-s v, thirty-two
thousand one hundred and fifty dollars.
Pottawatomie> of Huron.—For permanent an-
nuity in money or otherwise, per second article
treaty seventeenth November, eighteen hundred
and seven, four hundred dollars.
Quapaws.—For education, during the pleasure
