772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
Second, m my judgment, the Illinois river is (for its
length) the best navigable river in the United States. _ in
surfiflner* (being only obstructed by sand bars;,) it is continu-
ally used hv the smaller class of boats, which then ply
upon it. While the fi osts of winter obstruct other northern
rivers, the Illinois has frequently been open every month in
the year; and for twenty years (having been engaged in
merchandise, I speak from knowledge) it has not, in the
average, been closed by tee one m twelve months. This
river, with the Michigan and Illinois canal, form the connect-
ing hnks b'etween the lakes and the gu^,furriShing a chan-
nel of commerce through the richest agricultural portion
of our State. This canal, you know, was built by the aid
of the General Government, and has given to the river a
•national importance, by connecting the commerce of the
lakes with that of the Mississippi, below the rapids.
Peoria, by the census of 1855, has a larger population
than any city m our State, Chicago excepted. The steam-
boat arrivals at its port cannot, I think, fail below a thou-
sand m the last year, and her merchants import goods from
abroad.
It is urged, as a reason for the speedy passage of the hill,
that several thousand tons of railroad iron are in a few
weeks exported at New Orleans, to be used in extending
railroads eastward and westward from Peoria. The build-
ing of these roads will be facilitated by the early shipment
of this iron to Peona; and it will largely benefit the parties
interested therein, if the duties on the iron can he paid at
Peoria, during theppnng and summer, as it may be used.
Pray excuse the length and haste of this note.
Your obedient servant, J. KNOX.
Hon. E. B. Wasiiburne,
Chairman Committee on Commerce.
The committee, being satisfied that the public interest
will be subserved by making Peoria a poit of delivery,
report back the bill referred to them without amendment,
and recommend its passage.
# Mr. GREENWOOD. I do not propose to ob-
ject to the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois; hut I desire to know what compensation
is provided for the surveyor of the port he pro-
poses to constitute r
Mr. WASHBURNE. Three hundred and fifty
dollars per annum, with the emoluments.
Mr. GREENWOOD. What do the emolu-
ments amount ro f
Mr. WASHBURNE. That depends upon
the amount of business transacted at the place.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would suggest to the
gentleman that he should merely provide that
his compensation shall be §350, without reference
to the emoluments.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will state to the gen-
tleman that this merely allows the emoluments
which are ahvoys allowed in such bills.
Mr. KNOX. 1 hope the gentleman from Mis-
souri will accept the amendment which has been
proposed. I will say that, since the action of
the Committee on Commerce on this subject, and
since the recommendation of the measure by the
Secretary of the Treasury, 1 haw received a very
long meruoiml from the*merchants and business
men of the city of Peoria, urging the importance
of this provision. Peoria is one hundred and
sixty miles from Chicago, which is the nearest
port ot delivery in that direction*, and some two
hundred and thirty miles from St. Louis,the next
nearest. The Illinois river is connccted with the
lakes by the Michigan ami Illinois canal, forming
a complete chain of water communication between
the gulf and the lakes. Peona is the second city
of the State of Illinois. It has a largely increas-
ing commerce. As was stated by my colleague,
f several thousands of tons of nulroad iron are now
'lying at the port of New Orleans, and we wjsIi
that they may be delivered at Peoria. Other
railroads are in the process of construction in the
State of Illinois, and it will be for their conveni-
ence to have this city established a port of deli very.
For these and other reasons, which might be
stated, I trust that the gentleman from Missouri
will accept the amendment, and that it, together
with the bill, may pass.
Mr. BURNETT, I move an amendment to
the amrndm''iu as a third section, in piecisely
the same t^niU", with the exception of substitu-
ting for " Peoria ''the words Columbus, in the
state of Kentucky
Air. KRXN E'LT. 1 will say to the gentleman
from Kentucky, that there is a general bill in
regard to these ports of delivery before the Com-
mittee Oil Commerce. We shall take up these
propositions, and submit them to the proper
officeis of the Government, that they may report
on them. The amendment olFerod by the gentle-
man to the amendment will only kill the present
bill, which jtis iiapoiuint should be passed now.
There are no reports in regard to it from the
proper offices, i hope, then, that the gentleman
\flil withdraw his amendment; and that he will
let the bill and the amendment in regard to
Peoria, which 1 accept as a modification of my
measure, be put upon their passage. There are
urgent reasons, as the House has been informed,
in regard to the expected arrival of railroad iron,
why these two places should be now made ports
of delivery. The others can wait. They will
receive prompt and proper attention from the
Committee on Commerce when they are proposed
and referred in the usual manner.
Mr. BURNETT. The same reasons which
are urged by the gentleman from Illinois why
Peoria should be made a port of delivery, equally
apply to the case of Columbus. The Mobile and
Ohio railroad must terminate, for some time at
least, at that point. They are looking for a large
amount of railroad iron to be delivered there; and
it was for this reason that I offered the amend-
ment to the amendment. It is not submitted with
any view to the defeat of the bill. I have no such
intention.
Mr. KENNETT. Has the gentleman any
communication from the Treasury Department
in regard to the proposition?
Mr. BURNETT. I have not. The only com-
munication I have is from those who are inter-
ested in the road.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I wish
to say a word in relation to this matter. I trust
that the gentleman from Kentucky will not em-
barrass the bill by insisting on his amendment. I
am willing to go with him for his proposition
when it properly comes before the House. He
and the House will perceive that his proposition
stands in a different position from that reported
by the committee in the case of Peoria. A bill
making that city a port of delivery has been laid
upon our tables. Peoria is the second city in
Illinois. It has some twenty thousand inhabit-
ants. There are fifteen to sixteen hundred
steamboat arrivals there annually. An immense
amount of direct importation is done by it$ mer-
chants. The facts on which the recommendation
rests in the case of Peoria arc known to the whole
country. They are particularly well known to
the Secretary of the Treasury. He makes the
recommendation. The proposition of the gentle-
man from Kentucky emanates entirely from him-
self. There are no facts to inform the House of
its propriety. When it is recommended, if it
stands withm a gunshot of the proposition now
before us, 1 will go with the gentleman to accom-
plish what he desires. As it now stands, it is a
measure about which we have no information.
Wc are well informed in reference to the case of
Peoria, m the State oflllinois. There are several
wulroads in that State in process of construction;
some of them are already graded and ready to
receive the rails. The iron is purchased and about
arriving, or isorrivod, at New Orleans. It is desired
to have it delivered at Peoria. If the delivery
is made at New Orleans, the company will be
subjected not only to the risk of the loss of their
iron by accident on the Mississippi, but to the loss
of the duties. Other ports all over the Union
have received these accommodations. The com-
pensation for officers is trifling, merely nominal.
1 am willing, if this proposition is carried, to help
to accommodate any gentleman who has one of a
similar character, who asks, where it is desired,
the same sort of protection.
I appeal to the gentleman not to press his
amendment. Thellouse cannot vote on it under-
standmgly; and I am sure that he does not wish
to have the interests of his constituency prejudiced
by a vote cast in the dark. I hope ho will with-
draw his pioposiuon, and have it referred to the
Committee on Commerce. Lot the bill and the
amendment be passed. I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw my amendment.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment ottered by Mr. Wasiibuiinis, and it was
agreed to. *
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was subsequently read the third Ume
and passed.
Mr. KENNETT. I move to amend the title
so that it shall read, A bill to constitute Hanni-
bal, m the State of Missouri, and. Peoria, in the
State of Illinois, ports of delivery."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and also to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to,
REEDY ISLAND, DELAWARE.
Mr. TYSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to enlarge and complete the harbor
of Reedy Island, Delaware river, Delaware; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
JOHN ROBERTSON.
Mr. MILLSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to ask that they may be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition of John Robertson, and that it may be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so ordered.
GEORGE D. DOUSEMAN.
Mr. WELLS. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Claims to ask that they may be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
George D. Douseman, and that the same maybe
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
I It was so ordered.
P SOLAR COMPASS IN PUBLIC SURVEYS.
Mr. WALBRIDGE., from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill enabling the United
States to make use of the solar compass in the
public surveys; and moved that the same be re*
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House and •
printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is not a
private claim, but a general bill. There is no
claim under the bill at all, I think, and it ought
to go to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. It is for the settlement
of a private claim.
Mr. JONES. It is no claim against the Gov-
ernment. As I understand it, the gentleman
named in the bill has invented this solar c6mpasst
and now proposes that the Government shall pay
him for the right to use it, and that they shall be
permitted to use it in the surveys of the public
lands. The public lands are surveyed by deputy
surveyors appointed by the surveyors general;
and the deputy surveyors who do the work have
to furnish their own compasses; and they can
purchase these compasses, if it is necessary that
they should have them m order to do the work
under their contracts, or, if they can do the work
without these compasses, then they can purchase
those of another kind. Then, sir,ifl understand
the matter aright, the bill is a proposition that
this Government shall buy the patent right. I
ask the gentleman if the Government has ever
furnished compasses to any persons who have
contracted to survey the public lands?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I will say one word in
explanation of the matter. About the year 1836
this claimant invented this instrument, which has
been used in the public surveys from that time to
this. A large portion of the public lands never
could have been surveyed correctly and properly
without it. It was patented in 183G; but the
patentee has never received from the Government,
or from any person in the employ of the Govern-
ment, any compensation whatever for the use
of this invention. The Government, as shown
by the report of the Department, has absolutely
saved, by the use of this solar compass, mere
than a million of dollars in making the public
suiveys, besides being enabled to make tl ose
surveys authentic and right. Now, this ind vid-
ual asks the Government to pay him a fair com-
pensation for the use which they have had of his
invention; at the same time permitting the Gov-
ernment to use it hereafter, as they have used it
heretofore. Now, if this is not a proper matter
to go upon the Private Calendar, it is difficult to
conceive any njattcr which is.
Mr. JON&S. I wish to ask thegentleman who
reported this bill, if the private contractors, the
deputy surveyors, in the new countries, are not
now using this compass5
Mr. WALBRIDGE. The Government insists
that they shall use this very instrument, and that
they shall not make the surveys with any other.
Certificates from the surveyors general, from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
from various other individuals in the employ of
the Government for the last twelve years, show
