762
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
34th Cong....1st Skss.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
sand nine hundred invaders from the State of Mis-
souri. A Legislature was, on the 30th of March,
1855, forced upon them, and the proof of it in
the other branch of Congress is beyond all ques-
tion or doubt. I say a Legislature was forced
upon the people of Kansas, and they have passed
inhuman and unchristian enactments, which have
occasioned all the trouble and all the difficulty in
that Territory. Now, sir, I propose to repeal
those laws; to abolish that Legislature altogether;
to fall back on the original act of Congress; and
then to pass such other legislation as shall protect 1
these people in their rights, and punish all of them
who violate the laws of the country. That is the.
proposition, plain, simple, and distinct.
Mr. WELLER. I think the proposition is
■imply to repeal all laws now in force for the
government of Kansas, and to make a direct ap-
peal to the use of Sharpe's rifles.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly; that is the way it
is proposed to settle it. I
Mr. WILSON. No, sir.
Mr. WELLER. The repeal of the existing
laws, and the settlement of the difficulty by
physical force, I understand to be the proposi-
tion.
Mr. TOOMBS. Nobody objects to that.
Mr. SEWARD. Let us hear the amendment :
again.
The Secretary read the amendment accordingly.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall, with the greatest
fleasure in the world, vote for this amendment.
agree with the honorable mover of it, that the
present bill has no other tendency, and can have
no other effect, than to crown with success the
object of the law of 1854, which abrogated the pro-
hibition of slavery contained in the Missouri com-
promise act, and thijjs to form a slave State out
of Kansas. Against that I was committed then;
I commit myself now; I stand committed forever.
1 admit that the bill, as it would stand after the
adoption of the amendment, would not leave in i
the Territory of Kansas a code of municipal laws.
But, in that shape, this bill, if passed, would be
only a congressional declaration of what I hold
to be a solemn political fact, already established
and known, namely: that there is no law, there
are no laws, there is no code, there is no legal
society in Kansas, otherwise organized or gov-
erned, than by the organic act passed by Con-
gress in the year 1854.
Sir, I hold now, as I have already shown to the
Senate and to the country, on a former occasion,
that what is called the Legislature of Kansas is a
usurpation, and that the code which it has estab-
lished is a tyranny. Lapse of time during our
long debate has not changed their character. I
hold that there is no legal obligation, as there is
oo moral obligation, upon any man, whether he
is a citizen of that Territory or otherwise, to treat
that Legislature or that code with the least re-
spect. If the Legislature be a usurpation, all men
must admit this consequence to be just. When
we had this subject in debate at an earlier stage
of the session, with only confused and informal
evidence before us, it was denied that the Legis-
lature of the Territory was a usurpation. That
fact is completely established now by the report
of a committee appointed by the House of Rep-
resentatives, to investigate all the circumstances :
of the case, and they show beyond all manner of I
doubt, that no sooner had Congress authorized
the inhabitants of the Territory of Kansas tocon-
stitute_ for themselves a civil government, in a
prescribed form, than an armed body of invaders
from the State of Missouri, and from other States
and Territories, took possession of the polls,
drove away the voters, and holding the Territory
in fact under martial law, waged by seditious
men, created and constituted this Legislature of
Kansas.
From this most unwarrantable proceeding has
followed the imbroglio in which the country
finds itself involved. The President, holding
that he had no power to correct the evil—that he
had no right to pronounce at all on this fact thus
questioned—assumed then it was his duty to
execute the laws of that Legislature, while he very
properly addressed himself to Congress on the
subject. Congress was appealed to; has had the
subject under discussion three months; and the
House of Representatives, more wise, more just,
more true to freedom, than the Senate has been
to the cause of civil government and civil and
religious liberty, sent a commission to Kan-
sas to ascertain the truth of the case involved.
Their report has been made to the House of Rep-
resentatives; and it establishes, beyond denial, i
and even beyond ail question, that there has been
no legitimate election, no constitutional election,
no legal election in the Territory, and that there
is, of course, no Legislature, and there are no
laws there.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is a rule of the Senate
in reference to Senators speaking of the proceed-
ings of the House. I have no objection to it,and
shall not call anybody to order for it. I only
claim the privilege of referring to that commis-
sion—it is against the rule of the Senate; but I am
content to give him my notes.
Mr. SEWARD. Of course the questions I
raise are open to legitimate discussion.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is out of order, but I wish
the Senate to notice that I shall use them.
Mr. SEWARD. It strikes me that, after being
at sea for the last three months, this proposition
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts is
the very first one which seems to give us a hope
of finding any land. It shows us a safe port.
The proposition distinctly is to abrogate the pre-
tended laws of that usurping ana tyrannical
i Legislature.
Sir, I do not say that simply this measure will
I give peace to Kansas; 1 do not say that nothing
: more will be necessary to give peace and rescue
I liberty in Kansas; but I <lo say that, so far as it
goes, it would be an advance—the first one that
would have been made towards either of those
important objects during the last three months.
I am prepared at once to give my support to it.
When we shall have abolished that tyranny and
its laws, we shall then be in a condition to see
whether there is not something more which can
be done.
Talk, sir, about that being a Legislature and a
government which can exact obedience from the
people of Kansas! It has not the strength in
itself to stand a day, nor an hour. It is upheld
by fhe bayonets of the Army of the United States.
Talk, sir, about these being laws obligatory on
the citizens of Kansas, when they were made by
invaders from the State of Missouri! Talk, sir,
about these pretended enactments as being laws
which ought to be respected and obeyed — laws
which disfranchise the legal profession, the first
element of constitutional liberty in every Govern-
ment of the Saxoivor anglo-Saxon race ! Talk,
sir, about laws to be upheld which deprive per-
sons accused of crime of trial by a fair and im-
partial jury, and which establish a test of opinion
as qualifications not only for the exercise of the
ballot-box, but also for the jury-box ! Talk,
sir, about these being laws which are obligatory,
and are to be maintained for a day or for an hour—
enactments which deprive men of the liberty of
speech! Talk, sir, about those being laws which
are entitled to obedience anywhere under the
Constitution of the United States — laws under
which the press, the palladium of civil and re-
ligious liberty, is indicted, tried, convicted, and
suppressed as a nuisance. Sir, I beg honorable
fentlemen to consider well the pass to which they
ave brought things in this country. They have
brought the country to the verge of civil war.
They propose now a compromise. The day for
compromises 
Mr. TOOMBS. It is none, sir—it is no com-
promise.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
allow me to complete my sentence.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly he will. The day
for compromises is ended.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am glad of it, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator is
glad of it, and so am I. We shall henceforth take
our stand in all these questions upon the Consti-
tion of the United States,and those of us whoget
our foot truly on it will stand firm. Those who
happen not to^get that safe footing will find they
may have a slippery and unsubstantial foothold.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think so when they get on
the higher law.
Mr. SEWARD. The question, the honorable
Senator says, which is proposed by his bill, offers
no compromise. I beg to correct the honorable
gentleman. The original proposition was, that
Congress should be left under the territorial gov-
ernment established by the Missouri Legislature,
that it should be left subject to all the statutes
of that Legislature, and that it should not be
admitted in the Union until it should be able to
number ninety-three thousand seven hundred
people.
Mr. BROWN. Ninety-three thousand four
hundred and twenty.
Mr. SEWARD. I stand corrected, and the
correction reminds me of the careful accuracy of
my honorable and excellent friend—now dead—
Mr. Gideon Lee, who was a member of the
House of Representatives from the city of New
York at the time the great fire occurred there.
When an application was made for the remission
of duties on account of the fire, an honorable
member, in speaking in support of the applica-
tion, said that yesterday morning the suiWose
upon a city that was crowded and compact with
the dwellings and warehouses of a great com-
mercial city, and the sun of the same day sat upon
, a city of which fifty acres were in ashes; my hon-
orable friend (Mr. Lee) corrected the honorable
member by saying fifty-two acres and a half.
[Laughter.]
! But, whether it was ninety-three thousand four
hundred and twenty, or ninety-three thousand
seven hundred, the practical question was the
same. It was the amount necessary in one of the
States to entitle a district to a Representative in
Congress. What have we to-day, sir? The
proposition of the committee now is, that the Mis-
] souri Legislature shall remain in force—so far
the same; but that all laws passed by the Legis-
lature subversive of the freedom of speech—all
laws subversive of a trial by jury—all laws sub-
versive of citizenship, shall be abrogated; and
finally that, without waiting for the ninety-three
thousand, and that odd fraction, whatever it may
be, that State shall be admitted now into the
Union immediately upon the election of a conten-
tion, and the organization of a State constitu-
{ tion.
i I beg my honorable friend from Georgia to con-,
, sider whether this is not a compromise. I cer-
! tainly understand that it is offered as such, and
I that it has been accepted as such, not by that
Cordon of the Senate among whom I belong, but
y others who could not be prevailed upon to
vote for the bill in the shape in which it was
originally proposed.
I do not know that it is in my power to state
a proposition which would commend itself in my
judgment more thoroughly to the purpose of
settling the whole of this difficulty than the prop-
| osition of the honorable Senator from Massa-
! chusetts to abrogate the laws. I would have
' preferred that his amendment had gone further,
I and declared the Territorial Legislature itself to
be illegal, and therefore abrogated it. When
! you shall have once done that, you will then
! nave removed all of thfe existing grounds of
contention. You will have then discharged all
these prosecutions for constructive treason under
which men, who have assembled according to the
! Constitution, and according to the settled prece-
, dents and customs of the country to petition Con-
I gress for redress, have been indicted and are held
in close confinement to be tried for treason. You
will then have abolished all (hose criminal pro-
ceedings in which editors, who have maintained
I the cause of justice and civil liberty in that Ter-
! ritory, have been indicted,and are held in duress
to be subjected to punishment in the penitentiary
for maintaining (what is true, in my judgment)
thatslavery is not, and cannot go, into the Terri-
tory of Kansas by virtue of the Constitution or
any existing law of the United States. Then you
will have at last restored the people to the pos-
session of their liberties, and it will then be time
enough to. see what we shall do to give them a
well-digested system of civil government and
municipal laws. . , , . ,
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to detain the
Senate on this proposition. As the Senator from
New York has stated all that I could say on this
subject, I am willing to let the vote be taken at
once.
