1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For second of ten installments for the pay of a
blacksmith and furnishing shop, per sixth article
treaty twenty-ninth .November, eighteen hundred I
and fifty-four, one thousand and sixty dollars.
For second of fifteen installments for the pay of
a physician and purchase of medicines, per sixth
article treaty twenty-ninth November, eighteen
hundred ana fifty-four, one thousand dollars.
For second of ten installments for the pay of a
farmer, per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth No-
vember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hun-
dred dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the pay
of a teachcr and purchase of books and station-
ery, per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred ancl fifty-four, seven hun-
dred dollars.
Fulfilling the articles negotiated tenth January,
eighteen hundred andfifty-five, with certain bands
of
Calapooias, Molala, and Clackamas Indians, of
Willamette Valley.—For second of five install-
ments of annuity for beneficial objects, per second
article treaty tenth January, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For second of five installments for pay of phy-
sician, teacher, blacksmith, and farmer, per third
article treaty tenth January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, two thousand two hundred and
sixty dollars.
Utalis.—For fulfilling treaty stipulations with
the Utahs,pursuantto the requirements of eighth
article treaty thirtieth December, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-nine, five thousand dollars.
Winnebagoes.—For twenty-eighth of thirty
installments as annuity in specie, per second ar-
ticle treaty first August, eighteen hundred and
twenty-mne, eight thousand dollars.
For twenty-fifth of twenty-seven installments
as annuity in spccie, per third article treaty fif-
teenth September, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, ten thousand dollars.
For twenty-eighth of thirty installments for
fifty barrels of salt, per second article treaty first
August, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, two
hundred and fifty dollars.
For twenty-eighth of thirty installments for
three thousand pounds of tobacco, per second
article treaty first August, eighteen hundred and
twenty-nine, six hundred dollars.
For twenty-fifth of twenty-seven installments
for one thousand five hundred pounds of tobac-
co, per fifth article treaty fifteenth September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two, three hundred
dollars.
For twenty-eighth of thirty installments for
three smiths and assistants, per third article treaty
first August, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine,
two thousand one hundred and sixty dollars.
For twenty-eighth of thirty installments for
iron and steel for shop, per third article treaty
first August, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine,
six hundred and sixty dollars.
For twenty-eighth of thirty installments for
laborer and oxen, per third article treaty first
August, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, three
hundred and sixty-five dollars.
For twenty-fifth of twenty-seven installments
for education, per fourth article treaty fifteenth
September, eighteen hundred and thirty-two,
three thousand dollars.
For twenty-fifth of twenty-seven installments
for six agriculturists, puichase of oxen, plows,
and othei implements, per fifth article treaty fif-
teenth September, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For twenty-fifth of twenty-seven installments
for the pay of two physicians, per fifth article
treaty fifteenth September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two, four hundred dollars.
For interest on one million one hundred thou-
sand dollars, at five per centum, per fourth article
treaty first November,, eighteen hundred and
thirty-seven, fifty-five thousand dollars.
For tenth of thirty installments of interest on
eighty-five thousand dollars, at five per centum,
per fourth article treaty thirteenth October, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six, four thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars.
Wyandots,—For second of three equal install-
ments upon three hundred and eighty thousand
dollars, in lieu of former annuities and claims,
per sixth article treaty thirty-first January, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, one hundred and
twenty-six thousand six hundred and sixty-six
dollars ana sixty-seven cents.
Miscellaneous.—For carrying into effect the
object of the act of March third, eighteen hun-
dred and nineteen, making provision for the civ-
ilization of the Indian tribes, the sum of five
thousand dollars, in addition to the sum specified
in said act, to be expended in the manner pro-
vided in said act.
For surveying and marking the boundaries of
the Choctaw and Chickasaw countries, in pursu-
ance of the provisions of the nineteenth article of
the treaty of twenty-second June, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, and for completing
the survey of the Creek boundary, ten thousand
dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pre-
vent trespasses and depredations by Indians sep-
arated from their respective tribes, within the
States and Territories, and to remove and settle
them within the Indian country, five thousand
dollars.
For the completion and construction of a map
of the Indian territories within the United States,
for the use of the Committee on Indian Affairs of
the Senate and House of Representatives, and of
the office of Indian Affairs, two thousand dollars.
For payment to Ann Hyatt, for balance of un-
adjudicated claim for an improvement under the
Cherokee treaty of eighteen hundred and twenty-
eight, as ascertained by the report of the Second
Auditor, one hundred and sixteen dollars.
For compensation of three special agents and
three interpreters for the Indian tribes of Texas,
and for purchase of presents, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting,
and furnishing agricultural implements and stock
for the Indians in Texas, seventy four thousand
six hundred and fifty-eight dollars and fifty cents.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of delivery of annuities, goods, and pro-
visions, to the Indian tribes in Minnesota and
Wisconsin, thirty thousand dollars.
For the employment of temporary clerks by
superintendents of Indian affairs, on such occa-
sions and for such periods of time as the Secre-
tary of the Interior may deem necessary to the
public service, five thousand dollars.
For fitting up and furnishing the rooms occu-
pied by the office of Indian affairs, two thousand
dollars.
To repay to a Choctaw Indian this amount
stolen from him by a soldier in the service of the
United States, forty dollars.
For salary of person in chargc of collection of
statistics and his copyist, two thousand nine hun-
dred and thirty dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of tho In-
dian service in the Territory of Utah, and pre-
sents to Indians in said 'territory, forty-five
thousand dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service m the Territory of New Mexico,
and in making to the Indians in said Territory
presents of goods, agricultural implements, and
other useful articles, and in assisting them to
locate in permanent abodes, and sustain them-
selves by the pursuits of a civilized life, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, forty-seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in California, embracing expenses
of travel of the superintendent and agents and
neccssary subsistence of employes, twenty-seven
thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For the pay of physicians, smiths, carpenters,
and laborers, on the reservations in California,
eighty-two thousand five hundred dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the removal and
subsistence of Indians m California to the res-
ervations in that State, ninety-one thousand six
hundred and fifty dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in the Territory of Washington,
thirty thousand dollars.
For the expenses of adjusting difficulties and
preventing outbreaks in the Territ#ry of Wash-
ington, ten thousand dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in the Territory of Oregon, includ-
ing insurance and transportation of annuities,
thirty thousand dollars.
For adjusting difficulties and preventing out-
breaks among the Indians in tne Territory of
Oregon, ten thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to set-
tle and pay the awards of commissioners for
reservations, preemptions, and for rents and
improvements, under the twelfth, thirteenth, and
sixteenth articles of the Cherokee treaty of twen-
ty-ninth December, eighteen hundred and thirty-
five, five thousand seven hundred and twenty-
four dollars and thirty-six cents.
For purchase of stock and agricultural imple-
ments for the Great and Little Usages, per^ourth
clause of the second article of the treaty of
eleventh January, eighteen hundred and'thirty-
nine, fifteen thousand dollars
For liquidated balance found due the Creek
Indians for losses sustained during the last war
with Great Britain by that portion of the tribe
that was friendly to and cooperated with the Uni-
ted States, to be paid to those individuals now
living, and the legal representatives of those de-
ceased, who are entitled to receive the same, the
amount to be refunded to the United States, when
recovered from the late Creek agent, Philip H.
Raiford, or his sureties, eighteen hundred and
eighty-four dollars.
For the reappropriation of this amount, for the
expenses of revising, preparing, and printing, a
new code of regulations for the Indian Depart-
ment, in connection with all laws and portions
of laws in force in relation to Indian affairs,
duties, and responsibilities, of superintendents
and agents, ana disbursing and accounting for
public moneys, two thousand dollars: Provided,
That the Secretary of the .Interior, out of said
sum, may allow a reasonable compensation to
any clerks or officers he may designate to prepare
the compilation, for actual services rendered in
that duty at such times as will not interfere with
the proper discharge of the regular duties of their
respective stations.
For payment of interest to the children of John
Connolly, deceased, on the sum of two hundred
dollars, secured to said John Connolly, deceased,
by the fifth article of the treaty of twenty-eighth
September, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, with
the Sacs and Foxes of Mississippi, such sum of
money as may be necessary is hereby appro-
priated.
For expenses of surveying the boundaries of
Indian reservations, and of surveying, allotting,
and defining Indian reserves and half-breed lands,
and for other incidental expenses of carrying
into effect the treaties with the Indian tribes in
Michigan, and with the Chippewa Indians of the
Mississippi and of Lake Superior, so far as any
of the said treaties provide for the survey or al-
lotment of lands, or set apart reservations for the
tribes or bands, five thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if any
person who has been removed from the Indian
country under the provisions of the tenth section
| of the act of Congress, approved the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and thirty-four, entitled .
" An act to regulate trade and intercourse with
the Indian tribes, and preserve peace on the fron-
tiers," shall thereafter, at any time, return or be
found within the Indian territory, such offender
shall forfeit and pay the sum of one thousand
dollars.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
act of the twenty-seventh of February, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one, fixing the rate of compen-
sation for interpreters, as far as relates to Cali-
fornia, be, and the same is hereby, repealed; but '
the yearly pay of interpreters in that State shall'
in no case exceed one tnousand dollars.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be required to pay to Spunk
or Bald Frog, alias Joseph Henson, the amount
of four hundred dollars for his valuation of an
improvement under the Cherokee treaty of eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-five, in pursuance of the
provision of the twenty-fourth section of the act
of March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
