1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
778
that the surveys could not possibly be made cor-
rectly without the use of this instrument. There-
fore they compel the deputy surveyors to use,it;
and they buy them of the manufacturers, at the
manufacturers' cost prices, and nothing is paid to
the inventor for his patent at all. Nothing has
been paid to him. If compelled to pay the paten-
tee a compensation for his invention, they could
not purchase the instrument to survey the public
lands with at the price they now do. The Gov-
ernment uses his instrument emphatically for its
own purpose, without giving him any remunera-
tion.
Mr. JONES. Before the gentleman from
Michigan concludes his remarks I wish to pro-
pound this inquiry. He says that certain lands
cannot bg surveyed without this compass.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I say so.
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman if any lands
can be surveyed without a compass, and if every
deputy surveyor is not necessarily compelled to
have a compass before he can execute his contract
when he gets one ? Then, because he must have
a compass, must the Government buy a compass
for him in addition to the price paid him for sur-
veying these lands ? Again, sir, if our mineral
or other lands can be surveyed with no other
compass than this, and if the Government require
its use, why, that very fact of itself creates a de-
\ JPaiUl f°r thatiiistrument., and affords the gentle-
^pnan who holds the right to make it a monopoly
to that extent for its sale. It is on the same prin-
ciple, I take it, that the celebrated case is based,
which you have had here for some years, of pay-
ing $200,000 for the application of chloroform,
because it has been used by some surgeons of the
Anny and Navy of the United States.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I wish to say, in reply
to the gentleman from Tennessee, that a compass
is necessary ill making any survey. The gentle-
man from Tennessee propounded the question to
me distinctly, whether lands could well be sur-
veyed without a compass ^ J say that, according
to my understanding, they cannot. I am not very
much of a surveyor, but I believe that to be the
fact. I know, however, from the reports which
I have submitted, that the mineral lands of this
country, the mineral lands of Lake Superior, the
'mineral lands of Oregon and California, and the
mineral lands of Arkansas, cannot be surveyed
with the requisite correctness by the use of any
other instrument now known. They cannot be
made by the ordinary transit instrument; nor can
they bo made by the ordinary magnetic compass.
They cannot be correctly made except with this
instrument. It is so certified by the surveyors
general, by the acting surveyors, and by the geol-
ogists, and the Commissioner of the Land Office,
time after time, that it was impossible to make
these surveys without the use of an instrument on
just this principle. The Government has used it,
and has paid to the patentee literally nothing—
not a penny. He now comes and asks for com-
pensation from the Government for the use it has
made of his invention, which has benefited them
millions of dollars, and for which he has received
nothing.
Mr. GREENWOOD. This is not the proper
time to discuss particularly the merits of the in-
strument known as the solar compass. The only
question under consideration is as to the refer-
ence of this bill. There can be no question, Mr.
Speaker, bi^t that the true reference of the bill is
to the Committee of the Whole House. It is
evidently a private claim, and the motion of the
gentleman from Michigan was well made. The
object of the bill, as 1 understand it, is to com-
pensate the inventor of this very excellent instru-
ment for the use which Government has made of
it. It is alleged, and I have no doubt shown
clearly, in the report, that it is the only compass
which can be used with any degree of correctness
in the survey of the mineral regions. Previously
to the discovery of this character of instrument,
the deputy surveyors were compelled, in mineral
regions, to run the line by stakes. There never
was, therefore, a correct survey made of the re-
gion in the neighborhood of Hot Springs, in the
State of Arkansas, until after the invention of this
instrument.
As I understand the object of this bill, it is to
pay the inventor of the instrument for the use
which Government has made of it in the mineral
regions, the report alleging that no correct sur-
veys could have been made,without it,, arid also
alleging that no benefit accrued to him as the in-
ventor of this instrument under his patent. I
therefore hope that the motion to commit this bill
to the Committee of the Whole House—without
committing myself in favor of the bill—will pre-
vail, for the reason that that is the proper com-
mittee to refer it to. I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main,question ordered; and, under the operation
there oHttfce bill was referred to a Committee of
the WhiteHouse, and ordered to be printed.
LA$f OFFICE AT KALAMAZOO.
Mr. WALBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back Senate bill (No. 7) to
continue temporarily the land office at Kalama-
zoo, in the State of Michigan, with an amendment.
The bill was read. It enacts that the offices
of register and receiver of the land office at Kala-
mazoo, in the State of Michigan, and the office
itself, continue until such time as, in the opinion
of the President, the same can be discontinued
without prejudice to the public interest. The
second section directs that the compensation of
such officers shall be allowed them, according to
law, during the time of their discontinuance un-
der the existing order.
The committee reported the following amend-
ment, in the shape of an additional section:
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That the provisions of
sections one and two of tins act are hereby made applicable
to the land office at Palmyra, in the State of Missouri, and
the register and receiver thereof.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I simply wish to say to
the House, in relation to the land office at Kala-
mazoo, that some time in the early part of De-
cember the land office was closed by order of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
the officers were directed to remove the papers
of the office from that to the office in an adjoining
district, some one hundred miles off. Under the
representations made by parties concerned, the
removal of the office was suspended; but it was
continued closed, and has been closed from that
time to this. Previously, however, to stopping
business there, some of the notices whicn the.
General Land Office hrts caused to be issued to
parties who purchased lands, and which were to
be issued from that office, were not issued, and
^iave not yet been issued. Persons who have been
notified cannot make their proof at the office,
because the office is closed; and other notices can-
not be issued for the same reason—because the
office is closed. It is very important that the bill
be acted upon immediately, and for that purpose
I coll the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the amendment was agreed to, and the
bill as amended was read a third time and passed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to amend the title by
adding to it, " and at Palmyra, in the State of Mis-
souri;5' so as to makeit read, 11 An act to continue
temporarily the land offices at Kalamazoo, in the
State of Michigan, and at Palmyra, in the State
of Missouri."
The motion was agreed to; and the title was
so amended.
Mr. WALBRIDGE moved that the rote by
which the bill was passed be reconsidered, and
that the motion to reconsider belaid on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL. .
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the consent
of the House to report back from the Committee
of Ways and Means the bill of the House
making appropriations to supply the deficiencies
m the appropriations for the various Departments
of Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1856. The committee recommend that
some of the amendments of the Senate be con-
curred in without amendment, that others be con-
curred in with amendments, and that others be
non-concurred in. I ask that the bill may be re-
ferred to the Committee of the "Whole on the state
of the Union, and, with the amendments, be
printed.
There was no objection, and the bill was re-
ported back.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will call the attention of
the gentleman from Ohio to a single matter in
connection with this bill, which may haveescaped
his attention, and -which is of some importance
In facilitating the action of the House upon it.
I would suggest the amendments of the Senate
to be printed at precisely the'place in the bill tit
which they occur, so that the members may -un-
derstand them at a glance. That course was
adopted at the last session, and very much facili-
tated the action of the House.
Mr. CAJjLPBELL. I will adopt the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Alabama, and follow
the course he has indicated, which I recollect was
found to be very convenient at the last Congress.
The bill was then referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and, with
the Senate amendments, ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union for the purpose of taking up the bill
reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means, relative to the Indian depredations in
Oregon and Washington Territories.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. PORTER. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw that motion for a moment, to
enable me to submit a resolution which I am in-
structed by the Committee on Private Land
Claims to oiler,- authorizing that committee to
employ a clerk.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will witlid raw the mo-
tion for that purpose, as I suppose it will occupy
but a moment.
Mr. PORTER then, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land ClaiiAS
be authorized to employ a clerk for such portion of the
present session as they may think proper, on the same
terms as were amhouzed by tiie resolution of this House
of January 5,1855.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend the reso-
lution by authorizing the Committee on Naval
Affairs to employ a clerk on the same terms.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by authorizing the appointment of a clerk
for the Committee on the Militia. I understand that
committee has not held a meeting since 1802, and
a vast amount of business must have accumulated
in that time, requiring the services of a clerk
[Laughter.]
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] be added to that
committee, so that he may take part in the trans-
action of that business. [Renewed laughter.]
The amendments were severally disagreed to;
and the question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to so modify his resolution as to pro-
vide specifically what amount this clerk is to re-
ceive, as all the other resolutions of a similar
character have done, and not refer to some former
resolution.
Mr. PORTER. I understand the compensa-
tion is $4 per day.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then why not say so in
your resolution.
Mr. PORTER. I have no objection. At the
suggestion of the gentleman from Alabama, I will
modify the amendment by providing that the
clerk shall receive anerdiem compensation of $4.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 should like to know of the
gentleman from Missouri \vi*at necessity there is
foremploying a clerk for the Committee on Claims,
especially since we have established a Court of
Claims, which very much diminishes the busi-
ness of that committee '
Mr. PORTER. It is for the Committee on
Private Land Claims that I ask for the appoint-
ment of a clerk; not the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SANDIDGE. 1 am a member of the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, and as a member
of the House I am ready to go as far as any other
member m any measure of economy for the pro-
tection of the national Treasury. I stand here
ready to discharge my duties, but I am compelled
to employ a clerk for the transaction of my own
private business as a member of this body; and
while I am ready to devote all the time in my
power, yet I cannot, as a member of the commit-
tee, devote as much time to the investigation of
many bills which have been referred to our com-
mittee as is demanded, in order that they may be
piesented in a proper shape to the House. _ I
nave now in my desk half a dozen bills, which
have been referred to me by the committee for
