1956.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
763
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
Mr. CRITTEND EN. I am always reluctant,
sir, to impose myself on the attention of the Sen-
ate' and 1 feel particularly so at this late hour of
the'dav, and «'he" I am aware °f 'he impatience
of the "Senate to act on this subject.
I re<nvt, exceedingly) what I have heard from
the honorable Senator from New York, [Mr.
Sewa* .] He considers this as a proposition for
a compromise; but he says the day of compro-
mises has gone by. Mr. President, I am sorry
to hear that sentiment expressed. The gentle-
man, and those who are ordinarily politically as-
sociated with him here, have, during the session,
been making complaints of wrongs and injuries
done to Kansas; they have been professing an
anxious desire to see these wrongs corrected, and
peace and government restored. He says now,
the day of compromises is past. He will not
accept "the offer of that compromise which, he
says, according to his own interpretation, is
made. Sir, how could an offer of compromise be
made more broadly, and more generously than
this? The terms of the bill may not be altogether
satisfactory to the gentleman, but it has been
offered to him with a liberal spirit, and a declared
and avowed intention to accept any amendments
on the basis and principle of that bill, which shall
render it more satisfactory. How have gentle-
men met it? How will the country look upon
it? Here is an evil in the country; great injus-
tice, it is said, has been done, and I doubt not it
has to a deplorable extent; however exaggerated,
I have no doubt it exists; it deserves correction.
It is our duty to correct it, and to restore justice
and government to-a Territory under oar juris-
diction, and within our power. Here is a means
offered of accomplishing that result—a means
offered in a form which it was supposed would
be most acceptable to the gentleman and those
with whom he politically acts; but, if it be not so,
the declaration was made that " all amendments
you may offer contributing to render it more sat-
isfactory, preserving only its principle, will be ac-
cepted; make the terms what you please." How
do gentlemen receive it ? How, I mean, does the
gentleman from New York receive it?
The honorable Senator who sits next to me,
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,]
has objected to this bill. He has acknowledged,
however, that it is offered with proper intentions,
and in a proper spirit. The objections he has
made to it are such as he may wisely obviate
by amendments. I was pleased to see the man-
ner in which he treated the subject; but how does
the Senator from New York object? "This is a j
compromise, and the day of compromises is past! {
I will not even offer my own terms of compro-
mise in that bill!" The proposition Vhich is now
made by the Senator from Massachusetts is not
Rn amendment to the bill. Its object is to anni- '
hilate the bill, and to substitute a repealing clause
of all law in Kansas. That is all; that is the sum
total which the gentleman proposes! Is this any
remedy?
Mr. President, I have no passion on this sub-
ject; 1 have no prejudice. I wish to see justice
done. 1 wish to see ample, generous remedies '
proposed. I will vote for them. My object will |
, be to accommodate myself, as far as I can, ac-
cording to any sense of justice, to the views of |
gentlemen on this subject. But if I understand I
the course now indicated by this amendment—the
course indicated by the gentleman from New
York, it is a total and absolute rejection of every-
thing like a settlement of the question; a settle-
ment of it upon any equal, equitable, or just prin-
ciple. A simple repeal of all the laws of Kansas
is what gentlemen propose; and to sustain this,
we hear nothing but the thrice-repeated declara-
tion of the usurped government that exists in
that Territory.
Suppose that is so, sir; suppose it all so—I do
not enter into that question now: is your object,
is your remedy, for the restoration of peace, to
repeal all law? Y<jp say you will propose some
other law. We are now late in the session. Why
do you rfot propose it now? You have been in-
vited to do it. Here is a remedy proposed. If
that is not a right one, offer one yourselves which
shall cover the whole case; but this, instead of
being a remedy for existing evils, is increasing
to a boundless extent those that do exist. You i
have made & question, whether there is any law
in Kansas. You question the authority of the
Legislature by whom they were made. You
bring in doubt that question, but your remedy
proposes to remove all doubt and declare by the
sovereign authority of this Government that there
is no law there. Is that to restore peace ? Is that
' to restore government? Gentlemen cannot desire
that sort of anarchy which must ensue from the
success of these propositions. I will not impute
to them the purpose of producing anarchy there
—of making mischief there—for any political
effects on the country. 1 will ascribe to them
what 1 feel myself—a single motive and a single
purpose to redeem the country from all the dis-
turbances which the Kansas affair has produced.
And out of this bill, if not by this bill, 1 hope
the means may be made of effecting that object.
If I were to judge—if the world were to judge,
from all that has been now said, and all that is
now offered as a substitute for this remedy of
the evil and this proffer of peace, what would be
the decision? If a legalized lawlessness of every-
thing that has been done, or can be done, in Kan-
sas, is all that you have to offer, gentlemen, what
will the world infer? What must they infer?
And what becomes of Kansas, the victim of this
political controversy? What becomes of Kansas
in the mean time ? All sort of sympathy has been
betrayed for Kansas. You say men nave been
murdered, and women and children driven from
their homes: and what is your remedy for this?
A repeal of all laws ! Does that better their con-
dition ? Does that fulfill the terms of all the pro-
claimed and professed sympathies which gentle-
men have declared on this floor? Have you
nothing more for the remedy of all those wrongs
which exist there, and those still more exagger-
ated accounts of them which we have heard pro-
claimed here ? Does your sympathy evaporate
in the single proposition to remove all color of
law, and withdraw from the Territory the protec-
tion of any color of law whatever? Is that what
you mean ? Is that the result of your sympathy
for Kansas, and now for our whole country ?—
| because, Mr. President, this is not a question
1 that affects Kansas only, but it has gone abroad j
through the whole land, threatening to distnrb [
the union and fraternity of the people of this
country. Is that all you have to oner for the
restoration of that peace and that tranquillity
which all have proclaimed so ardently as the
object of their desire and the object of their legis-
lation here? Is- this what you have to offer?
Fruitless, indeed, is your sympathy, if this be
all.
Mr. President, I stand here with an anxious
desire to do impartial justice. I desire, and I
stand here to promote, as far as in me lies, the
restoration of peace, and more than that, the
restoration of justice—the restoration of fraternal
feeling between every section of this Union. Here
1 can hear nothing but sections—will the North
stand this, and will the South stand that? Sir,
this is language grown fatally familiar since I
was before a member of this body. There was
once a people of the United States—there was
once a common country that filled and swelled
the hearts of patriots here to take care of that—
to preserve it all proudly—to embrace it as a
treasured ideal that the whole was our country,
and that it was our proud duty to preserve it.
That was the language and the sentiment here
formerly.
But now I am told that the Senator will do for
a part of my country nothing at all. I will com-
promise '• to the last syllable of recorded time,"
to preserve this Union, so long as I can preserve
it in its integrity and in those sound principles on
which it originally rested. I am for that. That
is my ground. It is there I stand, on the Con-
stitution and the union of my country, and its
common and great interests. I have just as much
interest and just as much obligation upon me to
protect the people of Kansas and every part and
nortion of them, as the honorable Senator from
New York or any other Senator-has to protect
them all—not pro-slavery men or anti-slavery
men, but to protect them all as my countrymen,
and as the inhabitants of a Territory in part under
my government. It is intrusted to me to do jus- :
tice; and I am not only willing to do it, but 11
have no earthly motive to refuse it. If I had, I
am under an obligation above all little, petty
schemes of aggrandizement, and all the interests
of one section or another section. 1 have feelings
that prevail over all these considerations. Neither
you, sir, nor any Senator here, is more desirous
j than I am, to do justice, and perfect justice, to
the people of Kansas. They were promised by
; the organic act a free and fair election by which
' to determine the question of the admission or the
i exclusion of slavery; and so far as my vote can
go they shall have it. Only, gentlemen, propose
the means yourselves, if you are not satisfied
with this. If in any particular they do not
accomplish the purpose according to your views
of justice, suggest and offer amendments. You
shall find no Senator, here more ready than I am
to accede to everything that you will venture to
offer, as just, or eauitable, or fair.
In this state of tne ease, how are you placing
yourselves in the eyes of the country? How will
the Senate stand in the eyes of the country, if, on
the one side or the other, al 1 compromise is rejected,
all remedies thrown aside ? Let it not be said that
we are ruled and governed here by passion, by
prejudice, or by selfishness of some sort or other.
Have we nothing to give to our country, nothing
to do for our country, but everything to do for a
particular side of a particular question ? No, sir;
it is the duty of every man to settle this question
by compromise, if he can do it in no other wise,
: and that compromise founded on the principles of
justice, of union, and of the Constitution. These
fundamental principles afford ample ground for
the exercise of our discretion; and when the peace
of our country is to be pacified, when the state of
things not only in Kansas but in our whole Union
seems to contribute to blacken that dark sectional
line which is attempted to be drawn, is it not our
duty to do everything we can for peace and har-
mony? When I utter these sentiments, do I
speak for or against Kansas ? No, sir; I speak for
the majesty of the people of the United States; I
| speak for the Constitution; I speak for those great
! bonds of Union which unite us, and which ought
J to bind us to a common course to settle every
j difficulty that arises in our path.
i When a measure is offered to gentlemen here,
; intended as a measure of peace—intended as a
; measure of pacification, they spurn it. You offer
them'bread, and they cast at you a stone. It
offers them a remedy, and they answer you with
provocation. Is not that the "state of the case ?
Mr. President, it does not become me, perhaps,
to say so; no one can ascribe to me an humbler
position in this body than that which I will as-
sign to myself; but I think, on this dangerous
and difficult subject, we have indulged altogether
too much, on the one side and the other, in crim-
ination and recrimination. What does it amount
to? Is it any remedy? Is it by angry words
that the wisdom of deliberative bodies isadvanced?
Is it by harsh words and invectives, personal and
sectional, that we are rendered better fitted to
discharge the great tasks of common care, com-
mon vigilance, and ommon regard for the whole
Union ? Instead of these acrimonious debates,
would it not be more profitable to turn our atten-
tion to the real evil wnich now exists, in all mod-
eration, in all conciliation, in the best of tempers,
to endeavor to find a remedy, and stay that cur-
rent of discontent and ill-feeling which is spread-
ing more and more over the land ? What at last
is our duty as Senators of the United States ?
There are certain purposes which another course
might serve; and besides, I can make ample
allowances for the heat that one provocation, a
' retaliation, and a retort upon- that, produce here
on the feelings of gentlemen who, I know, in
their sober moments, think of this subject with
all the seriousness, with all the earnestness, and
with all the patriotic intentions that I do. But
we should turn ourselves aside from these heated
debates, these heated personal controversies, to
that sole and only consideration which ought to
engage us, namely: what is best for our common
country, and what is best to stay and put down
that tide of discontent which is now raging. In
this spirit, as I verily believe, my friend, the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,J has
offered this bill. It is sought to gain no sectional
advantage. No such thing can be imputed. That
