704
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
34th Cong....Vst Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr, Clayton.
Senate.
is. not its purpose. AH such purposes are dis-
avowed; and those who are not satisfied with it
are called upon, if there be any such feature in it,
or if, in the nature of things, it may tend to pro-
duce any such result, to change those features,
to change those- provisions, and make them what
you please. If the time proposed for this con-
vention is an unsuitable one; if the time proposed
fhr the election is an unsuitable one; if it be too
soon or too late, say so, gentlemen; amend it,
make it acceptable to yourselves, and it will be so
to us, for all our object is the restoration of law,
order, 'peace, and justice to Kansas.
Sir, 1 do not intend to occupy the time of the
Senate, but I believe that a crisis has come which
demand* of every Senator here a serious and
solemn consideration of thisisubject. We stand
at all times upon our responsibility to our whole
country. This ^hole country is mine. I am
proud of it all. I will endeavor to preserve die
union of it all* and 1 know of no means more
effectual for that than to do justice to all its parts
and to every one. That is the ground on which
I stand—upon which I will stand, and upon which
I will vote on this subject. But 1 confess I
almost despair when gentlemen from whom we
had a right to expect so much, seem prepared to
do so little. What do you want? The evils that
have occurred in Kansas are not irrevocable. We
know them now in their whole extent. Is it
material that we inquire, by comoMtteeB or other-
wise, or that we establish by argument or crim-
ination, to whom this state or things is attributa-
ble, and in what degree attributable ? What would
that avail us for any purpose of legislation ? For
purposes of personal controversy—for purposes
of rebuke and abuse to the individuals who were
engaged in the outrages committed in Kansas—it
might l>e necessary; but we do not sit here to
adjudicate the crime* committed there. That is
not our province. We sit here to exevcise ail the
legislation that may be necessary to put a stop
to the current evils, and to provide against their
recurrence. That,is all our business. We know
the 84ate of the evil that exists. In our hands
is a remedy for it. Let us apply it. That is
all.
That which youoffer as an amendment is no
remedy. It makes the disease worse. It is giving
poison instead of salutary medicine. It is calcu-
lated to increase the convulsions of your patient;
and yet you say this is taking one step! Ay,
a fatal and terrible step it is, to plunge that whole
community into a state of lawless anarchy! That
is- the first step of your remedy. What in the
name of God is the last to be, if the first is so
bad? When your patient is in extremities you
apply this fatal remedy of anarchy.. The only
reinedy afterwards, it seems to me, would be to
employ an undertaker to finish the work. This
is not the way we should perform our duties to
this nation, in preserving the peace, and in pre-
serving the unity of its people-—a unity which
depends a  much upon a proper appreciation of
each other, a proper appreciation of sections of
each other, as upon laws or upon, constitutions.
The people of this- country know how to judge
us* aad will judge us -for all we do on this subject;
aM if we fail to apply the proper remedies here,
if we allow the.disease to go on, we ought to be,
and we shall be, held to'aecount.
Mr. President, it seems to me that the simplest
, «uad the way least calculated to- involve ua
in a y personal arguments-or personal reflections
on this sabjeot, is just to take the evil as it exists,
astheugh it had been cast upon us by an acci-
dent, if sueh a thing were possible, without a
retrospect for its.causes, except so far as may be
necessary to prepare a proper remedy for the evil
dispassionately, deliberately, and justly, for the
sake of the whole Union, for the sake of justice,
to apply the proper remedy for this Kansas case.
Give them freedom, guard tliem against further
inroads and further outrages by all the means in
your po wer, and you ha*e the power of fulfilling
that pledge perfectly. There is no means within
the competency of this Government that I will
not use for the purpose of securing them that fair
and free exercise of all their rights. If you say
the results or the consequences of the disorders
there have been- to drive off a certain portion of
tha population whaae. ryNMonwnr* moat in coo.
formity with your own, take a longer time for
their return, or for the course of a fair emigration
to fill up the Territory, from whatever quarter it
may come, and I am satisfied. [
* Here are various proposit ions* before you—one j
proposed by my friend from Georgia to remedy't
the evils, and, as is supposed, to conform most
exactly to your wishes by bringing it into the
Union. Here is another, by my friend from Dela-
ware, and by nay friend from Missouri, proposing
to guard all those rights in the election of another
Territorial Legislature, and to continue in that
course until a more propitious time for admission
into the Union. Is none of these acceptable?
Furthermore, this very bill proposes to declare
certain principles as the laws of that Territory,
which will, by operation as repugnant, annul the
very statutes which you declare to be obnoxious
to the Constitution. But nothing of all this re-
medial provision will be satisfactory. If you re-
peal all the laws, it must be some time before you
could get another Territorial Legislature into op-
peration, and the interim would be a complete
interregnum of law; the reign of all law would
be suspended; the reign of law would cease for
the time.
I hope, sir, that we shall consider this matter
in a temper and spirit,and with a moderation, in
my opinion, demanded by this great national
crisis. It is the spirit in which I have approached
it, with an impartial desire to do justice, and to
see justice done, just as much on one side of your
imaginary line as on the other. What is justice
in one place is justice in another place. I, as far
as my understanding will enable me, will be its
humble minister everywhere and anywhere. I
esteem them my countrymen on both sides, and
on every side of every fine that runs within our
borders. We, though, are diverted from this fair
consideration by the impeachments of one section,
" slavery,"and " freedom,"and all these things.
The one side, we are told, is for freedom, and Uie
other is supposed to be all for slavery. Have
not the white people as much freedom in the
South as in the North? Just as much. If you
mean that people are held in servitude in a certain
portion of the Union, it is true. It was true when
you made the Constitution. We were accepted
as brethren in this great community of States with
that institution. We began our political lives
with that difference between our institutions.
1 Now, it has become a subject of complaint, and
of crimination to such an extent, and with such
feelings, as really to disqualify us from any dis-
| passionate or temperate consideration of any
political question affecting that matter.
I wish we would turn aside for a moment, in
respect to this great question, from all these con-
siderations, and settle it, leaving the other just
where it is, Y ou propose not this remedy merely,
but, in another bill, the immediate admission of
Kansas on her Topeka constitution, as I believe
it is called. Now, every gentleman must feel
the-injuatice of that measure. It is a constitution
avowedly made by but one portion of the people,
with no one participating in it except a portion
of the inhabitants entertaining peculiar opinions
of their own. Would you impose such a consti-
tution a  that? Would that be just? You com-
plain of it as a cause of rebellion and resistance,
and shame the man who would not resist laws
passed by a Legislature which you consider has
boen illegally and improperly elected. If you are
right in that, will you, in apparent contradiction
to your own principles, impose upen a people
who had no participation in its making, a con-
stitution made by a particular part of the people
and no others? You will be imposing on them
what exactly you say ought to be resisted by your
own political friends in respeet to a law passed
by this so-called illegitimate Legislature. It-can-
not be serious] v and gravely contended, that there
would be anything of justice or principle to war- !
rant us in imposing that Topeka constitution, as j
a fundamental law, on the whale people of the !
Territory. It would violate all the principles on j
which the argument on the other side is founded .
against the Kansas laws. j
What, then, can you do to settle the question ? >
In this way, in a legitimate form, to admit her
into the Union as speedily as possible; or, if you
prefer it for -any in the case, i
to continue her territorial existence under such
guards as shall insure a free and perfect exercise
of the right of suffrage. These are the only reme-
dies that embrace the whole case. I beg gentle-
men, then, to consider, and take hold of these
bills which are now offered as measures of peace.
P®/?1""1 them, give us your own amendments, and
1 think you will find that the object of the ma-
jority of the Senate is to please and satisfy you,
the movers of all this. That is my object ami my
wish, for I want justice to be done and peace to
be restored.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, as I now
find a large majority of the Senate present, I must
be pardoned for addressing them on the topics
connected with this bill. I feel deep anxiety on
these subjects. I have neverknown a period, from
the first day I entered this Hall, when I thought
the country in as much danger as 1 believe it to
be at the present moment. It is my most anxious
desire to offer whatever I can to gentlemen on
both sides of the Chamber, to induce them to
compromise the differences between the northern
and southern sections of the country. " Com-
promise !" Alas, sir, this day I have heard that
j word, which always heretofore was dear to every
true American statesman, spoken of with con-
tumely and contempt. I have been this day told
the period for compromising is past. Sir, if the
period for compromising is past, this Republic
will soon pass away with it. The Constitution
of this country itself was but a compromise. We
have been told by the fathers of the country that
no one man came out of the convention which
formed that Constitution who had not opposition
to some section or clause in it. Sir, the whole
world is full of compromises, and chaos would
come again without them. Every law we pass
is but a compromise.
No man in civil society—no man even in a des-
potic Government, has ever yet been permitted
to have every thing his own way. No man in this
nation, not even the Father of his Country,
was ever permitted to dictate his own terms in
every particular in the passage of any measure
in Congress or convention. We vote every day
for some measure, to some portion of which we
have objections, but we vote on every proposi-
tion in view, and are governed by the considera-
tion of the good to be derived from the whole of
it. Every treaty made between two nations is
but a compromise. Men could not live together
in civil society—they could not associate in pub-
lic or in private life, without compromising every
day; and if we have arrived at the determination
that we will never again compromise, we may as
well throw t>ur Constitution to the winds, and
consider the Republic at an end.
Sir, I hope the honorable gentlemen from New
York and Massachusetts will yet take the true
and only legitimate and proper view of the ques-
tion which is now really before ua. They say,
and for the sake of the argument, though I know
nothing officially of the faets, I mean now to ad-
mit, that the Legislative Assembly of Kansas was
| elected by the people of Missouri. They say
that, outof six thousand two hundred votes, four
thousand nine hundred were from that State, and t
that one thousand four hundred and twenty were
from the Territory itself. Now grant all that,
yet does it follow, as a legal inference or as a fair
Mid just one, that you must for that reason strike
' out of existence all the laws passed by that Legis-
lature? You say the Legislative authority in
Kansas was a rank usurpation. Grant it.
What hits been the rule that has governed those
ancestors from whom we have derived not only
our descent, but our common law, and all those
peat fundamental principles upon which we
nave built up our own Government ? What has
been the rale in our own country, as well as in
England, in regard to laws passed by bodies
usurping power, or whose power had been sub-
verted ? Go back even to the time when the Nor-
man conquered the Saxon, anff produced an entire
revolution in England. When the Plaittageneta
ascended the throne of England, were all the
Anglo-Saxon laws abolished and swept away ?
Not at all. They were reformed, but their au-
thority as laws was solemnly recognized and
confirmed. The historian informs ua that " the
