40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government.
Sec 5. And be it further enacted, That, in
addition to the number now allowed by law, the
President be authorized to appoint one Indian
agent, east of the Ilocky Mountains, at a salary
of one thousand five hundred dollars.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be authorized and required
to cause an investigation to be had of the claims
for depredations by Indians in the Territory of
New Mexico that may have been heretofore
made and filed in the Department of the Interior,
and report to the next session of Congress, or as
soon as practicable, the facts in each case, and
particularly enumerating such as come within the
provisions of the intercourse law, and for which,
in his opinion, indemnity should be provided by
Congress: Provided, That nothing herein con-
tained shall be construed to bind the United
States to make payment of said claims.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to pay the amount of six-
teen thousand and twenty-four dollars and eighty
cents, the unclaimed balance of the Choctaw
orphan fund, arising from sales of lands under
the nineteenth article of the treaty of eighteen
hundred and thirty, to tire Choctaw national
authorities, to aid in the establishment of orphan
schools and asylums in that nation, on condition,
nevertheless, that said nation shall refund at
any time, on the demand of the Secretary of the
Interior, such amount as may be necessary to
pay any claimant, his heirs or assigns, who may
hereafter claim and establish a right to the same
to the satisfaction of the said Secretary.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
Public, LXXII.—An Act providing for a neces-
sary increase and better organization of the
Medical and Hospital Department of the Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be added to the medical
department of the Army four surgeons, and eight
assistant surgeons, to be appointed in accordance
with existing laws.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized
to appoint, from the enlisted men of the Army,
or to causc to bo enlisted, as many competent
hospital stewards as the service may require, not
to exceed one for each "military post. The said
hospital stewards to be mustered and paitl on
hospital muster-rolls, as non-commissioned staff
officers, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of
a sergeant of ordnance, and to be permanently
attached to the medical and hospital department,
under such regulations as shall be prescribed by
the Secretary of War.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That soldiers
acting as cooks and nurses in hospitals be, and
are hereby, allowed the extra pay authorized to
soldiers on fatigue duty by "An act to increase
the pay of the rank and file of the Army," ap-
troved August fourth, eighteen hundred and
fty-four.
Approved, August 16, 1856.
Public, LXXIII.—An Act supplemental to an
Act entitled " An Act to amend the several acts
respecting Copyright," approved February
third, eighteen hundred and thirty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That any copyright hereafter granted,
under the laws of the United States, to the author
or proprietor of any dramatic composition de-
signed or suited for public representation, shall
be deemed and taken to confer upon the said
author or proprietor, his heirs or assigns, along
with the sole right to print and publish the said
composition, the sole right, also, to act, perform,
or represent the same, or cause it to be acted,
performed, or represented on any stage or public
place, during the whole period for which the copy-
right is obtained; and any manager, actor, or
other person acting, performing, or representing
the said composition, without or against the con-
sent of the said author or proprietor, his heirs or
assigns, shall be liable for damages, to be sued
for and recovered by action on the case, or other
equivalent remedy, with costs of suit, in any
court of the United States; such damages in all
cases to be rated and assessed at such sum not
less than one hundred dollars for the first, and
fifty dollars for every subsequent performance,
as to the court having cognizance thereof shall
appear to be just: Provided, nevertheless, That
nothing herein enacted shall impair any right to
act, perform, or represent a dramatic composition
as aforesaid, which right may have been acquired,
or shall in future be acquired, by any manager,
actor, or other person, previous to the securing
of the copyright for the said composition, or to
restrict in any way the right of such author to
process in equity in any court of the United
States, for the better and further enforcement of
his rights.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
Public, LXXIV.—An Act for continuing the
improvement of the Des Moines Rapids, in the
Mississippi River.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be, and is hereby, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of two hundred
thousand dollars for continuing of the improve-
ments of the Des Moines Rapids, in the Missis-
sippi river, to be expended under the superintend-
ence of the Secretary of War.
N. P. BANKS,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
J. D. BRIGHT,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
In thf. IIouse of Representatives of the
United States, August 11, 1856.
The President of the United States having re-
turned to the House of Representatives, in which
it originated, the bill entitled " An act for con-
tinuing the improvement of the Des Moines rapids,
in the Mississippi river," with his objections
thereto, the House of Representatives proceeded,
in pursuance of the Constitution, to reconsider
the same; and
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, two thirds
of the House of Representatives agreeing to pass
the same.
Attest: WILLIAM CULLOM,
Clerk House of Representatives.
In the Senate of the United States, August
16, 1856.
The Senate having proceeded,in pursuance of
the Constitution, to reconsider the bill entitled
"An act for continuing the improvements of the
Des Moines rapids, in the Mississippi river,"
returned to the House of Representatives by the
President of the United States, with his objec-
tions, and sent by the House of Representatives
to the Senate, with the message of the President
returning the bill:
Hesolved, That the bill do pass, two thirds of
the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: ASBURY DICICINS, Secretary.
congress of the united states.
In the House of Representatives, August 16,
1856.
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be directed to present to the Secretary
of State the act entitled "An act for continuing
the improvement of the Des Moines rapids, in the
Mississippi river," together with the certificates
of the Clerk of the House of Representatives, and
Secretary of the Senate, showing that the said act
was passed by a vote of two thirds of both Houses
of Congress, after the objections of the President
thereto had been received, and after the reconsid-
eration of said act by both Houses of Congress,
in accordancc with tlio Constitution.
Attest: WILLIAM CULLOM, Clerk.
Public, LXXV.—An Act to amend an Act en-
titled " An Act requiring Foreign Regulations
of Commerce to be laid annually before Con-
gress," approved August sixteenth, eighteen
hundred and forty-two, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in addition to the changes and
modifications in the commercial systems of other
nations now required, of said act, it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of State to lay before Con-
gress annually, within sixty days after the com-
mencement of each ordinary session, as a part
of said report, all other commercial information
communicated to the State Department by con-
sular and diplomatic agents of this Government
abroad, or contained in the official publications
of other Governments, which he shall deem suffi-
ciently important.
Sf.c. 2. And be it further enacted, That to enable
the Secretary of State to make said report, it is
hereby declared to be the duty of consuls and
commercial agents of the United States in foreign
countries, to procure and transmit to the Depart-
ment of State, authentic commercial information
respecting said countries, of such character, and
in such manner and form, and at such times, as
said Department may, from time to time, pre-
scribe; and it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of State in said annual report, to specify the
names of any of said officers who may have been
remiss in their duty enjoined by this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of State be, and is hereby, authorized and
required to appoint one clerk, who shall have
charge of statistics in said Department, and shall
be called "Superintendent of Statistics," and
shall receive a salary of two thousand dollars per
annum,and shall be allowed, as an assistant, one
clerk of the third class, which clerk the Secre-
tary of State is hereby authorized and required
to appoint.
• Apprqved, August 18, 1856.
Public, LXXVI.—An Act making an Appropri •
ation for the Survey of the Southern Boundary
Line of Kansas Territory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress •
assembled, That to enable the President of the,
United States to execute the act entitled " An act
to authorize the President of the United States to
cause the southern boundary line of Kansas Ter-
ritory to be surveyed and marked," the sum of
thirty-five thousand four hundred dollars is here-
by appropriated out of any money in the" Treas-
ury.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
Public, LXXYII.—An Act to establish certain
Post Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following be established aa
post roads:
alabama.
From Burnt-Corn, via Andalusia, Elba, In-
digo Head, Hawkridge, Westville, Daleville,
Newton, Abbeville, to Fort Gaines, Georgia.
From Clayton, via Louisville, Justice's Store,
Rocky Head, Haw-Ridge, Indigo Head, to Elba.
From Burnt-Corn, in Monroe county, to Fort
Gaines, Georgia.
From Elba, via Old Town, to Almaranti, in
Florida.
From Elba, via Indigo Head, and Rocky
Head, to Louisville.
From Greenville, via Starlington, to Sparta.
From Elba, via Indigo Head, Rockyhill, and
Louisville, to Clayton.
From Greenville, via Milleville, Cook's Store,
Greenland, to Elba.
From Genoa, via Barber's Ferry, to Anda-
lusia.
From Andalusia, to Williams's Mill, in Cov-
ington county.
From Eufala, via Fort Browden, Spring Hill,
Enon, to Tuskagee.
From Jonesboro' to Mudd Creek.
From Jonesboro' to Waldron's Mill.
