1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
that appropriation to this bill, in order that the
War Department may avail itself of an early-
appropriation, so as to have the powder taljen
there at an early period in the season. They have,
therefore, taken the item from the regular appro-
priation bill, and appended it to this, believing that
it is the best place for it, and that the public ser-
vice requires it should be done. The reason why
a sufficient supply of powder has not been sent to
that coast is because there were no proper facili-
ties for keeping and preserving it after it was
taken there. These are thinly items in the
bill; and that is all I deem lfllbcessary to say in
reference to them at present.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not desire to interpose
any obstacle in the way of the bill reported by
the committee; but there are some facts in connec-
tion with the difficulties in Oregon which should
be known to the committee. The Governor of
the Territory has called out a large force, at a
very great expense, and this force is, I believe,
at present in the field. It strikes me, therefore,
with all deference to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, that there is no great ne-
cessity for haste in this matter. If gentlemen
will look at Senate executive document, No. 26,
they will find a communication from General
Wool, who is chief in command in that depart-
ment, which develops a state of affairs there that
astonishes me, and will, I think, astonish every
member of the House. It appears that the Gover-
nor of the Territory refuses to act in conjunction
with the commanding general df that department,
and has drawn out a powerful force; and it is
charged by the agent of Indian affairs, and by the
general in command, that these volunteers called
out, and horses purchased, and all the arrange-
ments made, are for the purpose of depleting the
Treasury of the United States. I do not make
these charges, but they are made here by the
regular officers of the Government, acting as the
agents of the Government in the employ of the
Government. These charges, contained m the
regular executive documents, made against the
Governor of the Territory, and against citizens
of Oregon, require explanation. They require, at
the hands of this House, an investigation of the
matter before we make an appropriation. For
instance, I would read one paragraph from the
communication of General Wool, the commander-
in-chief. It is found at page 49. On page 48,
General Wool states that, with the force which
he has under his command, he hopes to be able,
as soon as the season opens for operations, to
bring the war to a close. But I will read from
General Wool's letter to the Secretary of War:
" In my communication of the 25th of December to the
hcatlquaiters of the Army, I mentioned that Governor
Curjy called out but one legunent of volunteer, and pur-
chased or hired one thousand hordes. I have learned since
that he called lor two iegim«nts—one for Washington Ter-
ntoiy, and the other for southern Oregon, both mounted,
and winch lequired about two thou?and horses. The horses
of Colonel Nessmith^ regiment, it is reported by the vol-
unteers, are no longer fit for service, and the Governor
intends (so it is reported) to furnish them with a fressh
relay; the expense of all of which, together with the
enormous prices paid for everything the volunteers have
reeej^ved, wiil amount to more than $2,000,000, some say
$3,000,000 ; and General Adair, collector of customs at As-
toria, says it will amount to $4,000,000."
Under such a statement as this, representing a
general protest against this action upon the part
of Governor Curry, we are called upon hastily
to make an appropriation without, as it seems to
mo, the proper investigation. I would call the
attention of the chairman of the committee which
reported this bill to the House, to the different
communications presented by the proper officers
of the Government; not only the communication
of General Wool, but the communication of the
commissioner of Indian affairs, it seems to me,
warns us to be careful how we hastily make such
an appropriation as we are now asked to make.
Mr. LANE obtained the floor.
j\Ir. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania, rose.
Mr. LANE, f will yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania with pleasure.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have but a word to say.
This appropriation was asked for by the Presi-
dent at an early period in the session, and should
have been properly inserted inthe deficiency bill.
The only change now proposed by the Committee
of Ways and Means is,to place tlie appropriation
!u a separate bill, which they have done on the
ground of the pressing necessity which exists for
making the appropriation. They have' based
their report upon the information received by the
last steamer, which is subsequent to that read by
my colleague from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Allison.]
The information but yesterday found its way into
the public press to the effect that the settlers in
Washington and Oregon Territories are being
murdered by ruthless savages, their wives and
children burled at the stake, and their dwellings
reduced to ashes. There have been incursions
of bands of hostile Indians from Vancouver's
Island, and numerous circumstances to indicate a
general uprising on the part of nearly all the war-
like Indians in Washington and Oregon Terri-
tories.
Under these circumstances it must be evident
to everyone that there is a pressing necessity for
some immediate action upon the part of the Gov-
ernment. We have, therefore,recommended that
this appropriation shall be made, and we hope it
will prove sufficient to enable the hardy back-
woodsmen of Oregon and Washington to repel
these invasions, arid to protect the settlements in
those distant Territories from destruction. We
can, then, after we have first secured the settlers
from extermination, on a proper investigation,
hold the officers of the Administration to a strict
accountability if it shall be ascertained that they
have not discharged their whole duty in the pro-
tection of these settlements, and in maintaining
friendly relations with the Indians of Oregon ana
Washington.
Mr. Chairman, shall we refuse this appropria-
tion, and send back word by the next steamer,
which sails on the 5th of April, that wo are not
willing to protect the peaceable settlers in the
Territories, because some of the officers of the
Government have been remiss in the discharge
of their duties, though I am not prepared to say
that they have been remiss? Shall we say that,
because they have not taken every means in their
power to prevent hostilities, we will be remiss
in the discharge of ours ? Shall we pause to
investigate the conduct of officers of the Govern-
ment, and refuse our aid when the people of those
distant Territories—men, women, and children—
are being burned at the stake ?—when fierce tribes
of Indians are rushing in and wiping out whole
settlements of white American citizens?—when
they have murdered families by the score, and
have devastated a large section of country? I
trust not.
Now, sir, this bill provides, in the first place,
for feeding the friendly Indians, and maintaining
friendly relations with them, and thus preventing
them from joining the warlike tribes. If neces-
sary, the settlers can be organized into volunteer
companies; the hardy riflemen of the wilderness
will carry the Indian method of warfare into the
mountain fastnesses, and into the almost inac-
cessible forests of the Territory, and drive back
these fierce marauders.
I understand there are largenumbers of friendly
Indians in the Territory who can be maintained
in their friendly relations to the whites, and, if
necessary, can be used in repelling the incursions
of the warlike tribes from Vancouver's Island
and the adjoining British possessions. Nojv, sir,
I hope most earnestly that, in view of the urgent
necessity there is for immediate action in refer-
ence to this matter, the House will not delay in
making the appropriation. The object of the
appropriation is to restore peace without recourse
to arms, if possible.
I am reminded by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of the fact, that the
committee have changed, by an amendment they
have recommended, its character from a simple
warlike measure to one which is to have a direct
tendency to cultivate peaceable relations with the
friendly Indians. This is all I desire to say upon
the subject.
Mr. READY. I am gratified, Mr. Chairman,
that the Committee of Ways and Means have
changed the character of the bill which the House
has been asked to consider and pass upon this j
subject; and I am not disposed to throw any
obstacle whatever in the way of the progress of
the bill, as reported by the committee. I hope
the event may prove that the newspaper reports
we have received of the Indian depredations and
massacres committed on our Pacific coast, are
exaggerated; but whether it be so or not, it is
enough for me to know that massacres have been
committed. Even if one life had been sacrificed
by the merciless hand of the savage, I should
hold it sufficient to prompt the speedy and effi-
cient action of the Government to protect our
citizens from the dangers which, are impending.
The bill, as it has been reported, as I under-
stand it, adopts perhaps the most precautionary-
measures that could well be resorted to. It pro-
poses to place a fund of $300,000 in the hands of
the President, to be expended by him as in his
judgment may be deemed proper, for the purpose;
of maintaining and preserving friendly relations
with the Indian tribes in Oregon and Washing-
ton Territories. I know of no better jnethod that
could be adopted for the expenditure of this
money. It vests, to be sure, a large discretion
in the President of the United States; but still he
is the proper recognized officer of the Govern-
ment, m whom that power and discretion ought
to reside. He is the officer to whom we should
look for the faithful disbursement of the fund;
and if we cannot rely upon his discretion and
judgment, X know of no other officer in the coun-
try on whom we can rely.
But, Mr. Chairman, my object in addressing
the committee was principally to call its attention
—and especially the'attention of the honorable
Delegate from Oregon—to certain newspaper pub-
lications which have appeared recently in refer-
ence to the operations of our army, arid the vol-
unteers in the Territories of Oregon and Wash-
ington. I do not call his attention and the atten-
tion of the committee to them be'eause I place
confidence in their truth, nor because I think that
mere newspaper, reports are entitled generally, to
claim the deliberate consideration of this com-
mittee, or this House; but I think that it is due
to the people of the Territories of Oregon and
Washington, that it is due to the volunteer forces,
and that it is due to the honorable Delegate who
represents Oregon Territory upon this floor, that
the facts should be understood, and that he and
those he represents should stand right on this
subject. I call the attention of the committee
to a communication which I find published inthe
Louisville Democrat of the 26th of this month.
I will read the following extract:
"The volunteers, however, who were already at the
Dalles mounted, and very anxious to exterminate the In-
dians, could not wait, and after asking and being refused aid
by General Wool, whose chief wish was to get them to go
home and attend to their farms, pushed off, and not being
able to get at the really hostile Indians on account of the
snow in the mountains, finally did succeed in getting the
Walla-Walla Indians arrayed among the enemies who are
to be whipped this spring by the troops. The chief of the
Walla-Wallas came to the camp of the volunteers under a
flag of truce, was taken prisoner by them, and after a day
or two intervening, was murdered, with some three others
who had accompanied lnm, and his hands and ears cut off,
and with some twenty scalp-* sent into Portland. You are
at lihei ty to draw your inference as to my opinion of Oregon
volunteeis.
"The Oregon papers abuse General Wool for refusing to
aid the volunteers, and for not having gone at once into the
field. The tacts in the ease, however, are, that General
Wool did not want the aid of the volunteers, and had too
much sense to make himself a party to the enormous bill of
some three or more millions which the Governor has run up,
and which he expects the Genet al Government to pay;
wlnle there being not a single white within reach of the In-
dians, he could very well wait until his forces were prop-
erly prepared to go into and keep the field. The old gentle-
man did just as he should have done ; only I should have
liked him to have ordered the volunteers homo ; and in ca&e
of their refusal, I, for one, would have been glad to have been
sent to drive them in."
Here is an extract from a letter to the editors
of the National Intelligencer. It is said to be
from a reliable source:
" In October last, twenty-tive Indian*, of whom eighteen
were women and children, were met by Major Lupton and
lib paitv of volunteers, and all wete liarbarouslyinurdered.
These were trier,dly Indians, going to the military reserva-
tion for protection. In December last, two similar massa-
cres by volunteeis were committed on the norUi and south
side of Rogue river, n«ar Butte Greek, about fifteen miles
fiom Fort Lane, Sftieh conduct causes alt the difficulties
winch General Wool has to contend with.
" In southern Oregon there are nottoexceedtwohundred
warriors in arms against the whites, although tile citizens
report tlnee hundred. To meet these, in a few days the
Geneial will have :i\" hundred and fifty regulars m the
held. With Lieutenant Colonel Buchanan and Major Gor-
nctt in command of the forces in the Rogue Eiver Valley,
the General anticipates the most favorable results, pro-
viding the citizens of Oicgon will abai,don tueir determina-
tion to exterminate the Indians, and give up private war,
and withdraw the volunteers from the field."'
Mr. aUtTMAN". Is not the letter from which
the gentleman has read an extract from an anojiy-
mous correspondent?
Mr. READY. I do not endorse the troth of
