1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
#1
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United State;,.
From Port Gaines, Georgia, via Abbeville,
Newton, Daleville, Indigo Head, Elba, Anda-
lusia, Sparta, to Burnt-Corn, Alabama.
From Louisville, in Barbour county, via Jus-
tice's Store, Rocky Head, to Indigo Head, in
Coffee county.
From Woodshop, in Dale county, to Newton.
From Elba, via Greenland, Cook's Store, Mill-
ville, to Greenville.
From Abbeville, via Flag Pond, to Big Creek,
in Dale county.
From Andalusia, in Covington county, to Uch-
eana, Florida.
From Perote, in Pike county, to Monticello.
From Mount Meigs, via Lime Creek, Bruce-
ville, Arbor Vitse, Perote, Indian Creek, to Mount
Andrew.
From Waverly, via H me, to Wind Creek.
From Oxford, via Arbachoochu, Bowdon, and
Cawatton, (Georgia,) to Newman, (Georgia.)
From Benton, by Pleasant Hill, Cantonville,
and Richmond, to Camden.
From Greenville, via Oaky Streak, to Anda-
lusia.
From Marion, Perry county, by Burrough's
Ferry, on the Cahaba river, Ford's Mill, and
James Griffin's, to Randolph, Bibb county.
From Abbeville, via Flag Pond, to Big Creek.
From Newton, via William Britt's arid Bark-
er's Mills, to Genoa.
From Andalusia to TJcheana, (Florida.)
From Beaverton to Orin Davis's, (at Thorn-
hill.)
From Eufaula, via Fort Browden, Springhill,
Enon, to Tuskegee,
From Winchester, on Mobile and Ohio railroad,
to Linden, Merango county, Alabama, via Jersey,
Butler, Mount Sterling, and Tompkinsville, in
Choctaw county, Alabama.
From Thornlull, Hancock county, to Moscow,
Marion county, via Greene Haley's.
From the Lauderdale Springs, in the State of
Mississippi, via Livingston, in Sumpter county,
Alabama, Demopolis, Springhill, Dayton, and
McKjnley, in Marengo county, Orville, Cahaba,
to Selma, in Dallas county, Alabama.
From Oak Level, via Pumpkin Pile, Georgia,
to Cedartown, Georgia.
From Wetumpka, via Buycksville, Travelers'
Rest, Weogufka, Marble Valley, Talladega
Springs, and Fayctteville, to Syllycogga.
From Columbiana, via residences of James M.
Walhn, Henry Webster, and E. Cook, to Cross-
ville.
From Asheville to Levi C. Blair's.
From Crawford, via Waughtula, to Society
Hill.
From Van Buren to Ashville.
From Gadsden, via Fan-view, Lookout Moun-
tain, Hendrixville, to Bellefonte. _
From Ashville, via Chesallyric, to Blounts-
ville.
From Ashville, St. Clair county, to Blounts-
ville,via Chepultepec, Blount county. ^
From Wedower, via Haywood, K. B. Short's,
to Franklin, Georgia.
From Mount Meigl, via Line Creek, Bruce-
ville, Arbor Vitse, Perote, Indian creek, to Mount
• Andrew.
From Jacksonville, viaNance s creek, to Cedar-
town, Georgia.
From Shippersvilie, via Summer Hill, to INew-
t°n.
From Oak Bowery, via Kendall s -j-Roads, to
Dudleyville.
From Newton to Woodslioss. _
From Newton, (eastof the river,) via William
Buitt's, Barker's Mill, to Genra.
From Perota, via Monticello, to Troy.
From Shippersvilie, in Dale county, to New-
t°n.
From Fredonia, via Hickory Flat, to Roanoke.
From Jasper, by Thornhill, to Russelville. ^
From Mobile, via Hollywood, to Donnelly s
Mills, Baldwin county. .
From Crawford, via Waughtula, to Society
Hill.
ARKANSAS. .
From Pocahontas, via Cherokee, to Poplar
Bluffs, Missouri.
From Pocahontas, by James D. Cross s, in
Randolph county, to Doniphan, in Missouri.
From St. Charles, viaDe Witt, to Brownsville,
in Prairie county.
From London to Jones, St. Francis county.
From Danville, up Dutch Creek, to Waldron.
From Dessare, Prairie county, to Oakland, St.
Frances county.
From Chienla, Yell county, via Pleasant Val-
ley, Shoals Creek, Morrison's Bluff, to Rose-
ville, Franklin connty.
From Mount Ida, Montgomery county5< by
Maddox Sulphur Springs and Big Bend, to Paut-
tier, Polk county.
From Dessare, in Prairie county, to Cotton
Plant, in St. Francis county.
From Holly Point, Ashley county, by Haz-
zard's Store, Newport, Cooper's Store, and D.
P. Stevens's, in Drew county, to Monticello.
From Hot Springs, via Howell's, P. P. Pytch-
lin's, Robinson, in Polk county, Sucksata, and
Wright's"Ferry, on Red river, to Paris, in Lama
county, Texas.
From Pine Bluff, in Jefferson county, to Aber-
deen, in Prairie county.
From Salmora, Izard county, to Locust Grove,
in Leary county.
From Pocahontas, in the State of Arkansas,
via Cherokee Bay, to Poplar Bluffs, in the State
of Missouri.
CALIFORNIA,.
From Placerville, to Genoa, Carson county,
Utah Territory.
From Trinidad, in Kalamalk county, by Or-
leans, Bar Forks of Salmon river, and Restville,
to Petersville.
From Orleans Bar, by Happy Camp, to Yreka,
in Liskyion county.
From Nelson Point to Q,uincy Court-House,
Phimas county.
From Post of San Francisco, by sea, direct to
Humboldt Bay.
From San Diego, via El Paso, to San Antonio,
Texas.
From Pitulena, in Sonora county, to Fomaies.
From Stockton to San Bernardino, via Miller-
ton, Visalid, and Fort Lyon.
CONNECTICUT.
From Litchfield, by Milton, Warren, and East
Kent, to Kent.
FLORIDA.
From Pensacola to Greenville, Alabama,
From St. John's River, on the Bellamy road,
via Danielsville and the Sand Hills, to Newmans-
ville.
From Sosschoppy by way of Governor Call s,
to White Bluff.
From Orange Spring to Cedar Key.
From Cluincy, via William Winderwerdler's
and D. B. Rich's to Ridleysville, in Gadsen
county.
From Mariana to Osheesee, extending the
route from Columbia, Georgia, to the latter place.
From Fort Yates, via Liola, Orange Lake,
Fort Brane, Flemington, Wacoopootee and Shell
Pond,-to Long Pond, Levy county.
From Ferdandina to New York city, in steam-
61 From Cedar Key to New Orleans, in steamers.
GEORGIA.
From Beakley, via Colquitt, the site of Miller,
to Bainbridge.
From Ohemibba, byTerrill Court-House, Do-
ver, and Morgan, to Colquitt, the county site of
Miller.
From Roswell, by Cherokee Line,Troy, Field s
Cross Roads, Freemansville, and Hickory Flat,
to Canton.
From Tennville to Mount Vernon.
From Calhoun, via Floyd's Springs, to Rome.
From Jacksonville to Trader's Hill, (Georgia,)
via Josiah Lewis's, on Mill Creek.
From Colquitt, via Milford, to Newton.
From Vienna, via Pennsboro', and Hahira, to
Troupville.
From Reidsville, in Tatnall county, Georgia,
to Hinesvillc, in Liberty county, Georgia.
From Mount Pleasant, in Glynn county, to
Pendarvis's store, in Wayne county, Georgia.
From Cook's store, in Appling county, via
Daniel Morrison's, in Coffee county, to Douglas,
the county site of Coffee county.
From Canton, via Sharpe Top, Rich Mountain
Copper Mines, to Jasper, Pickens county.
From Preston, via Richland, Lumpkin, and
Bladen creek, to Eufaula, Alabama.
From Cartersville, via Dallas, to Villa Rica,
Haralson county.
From Marietta, via Dallas, Vanvert, to Cedar-
town, Polk county. ^
INDIANA.
From Decatur, in the county of Adams, in the
State of Indiana, by way of Oakes, Bluffton, and
the Salamono, in Wells county, to Warren, in
Huntington county.
From Frankfort to Reece's mills, to Lebanon,
thence to Danville, via New Brunswick, Eliza-
bethtown, and Jamestown.
From Noblesville, in Hamilton county, to
Andersontown, by Str&wtown, Perkinsville, and
Hamilton.
From Le Gras, in Wabash county, via Dora,
New Holland, and Mount Etna, to Warren, in
Huntingdon county.
From Renssalear, in Jasper county, to Mo-
mence, in Kankakee county, Illinois.
From Anderson to Noblesville.
From Crawfordsvilie, via Jacksonville, Har-
veysburg, Lodiville, and Eugene, to Georgetown,
in Illinois.
From Sullivan, via New Lebanoil, Merom, in
Indiana, and Palestine, to Robinson, in Illinois.
From Rensselaer, via Pilot Grove, and Mo-
rocca, to Kankakee city, Illinois.
From Lexington, in Scott county, to Little
York, in Washington county, via Camargo,
Wooster, New Frankfort, and Austin.
From Leavenworth, in Craw county, to Paoli,
in Orange county, via Magnolia, English, Mount
Prospect, and Williamsburg.
From Richmond to Union City, via Middle-
borough, Hillsborough, Bethel, Arba, Spartans-
burg, Bartonica, and Salem.
From New Providence, in Clark county, to
Martinsburg, in Washington county.
From Williamsport, via West Lebanon, to
Danville, Illinois.
' From Austin, via New Frankfort, and Woos-
ter, and Camargo, to Kent, in Jefferson county.
From Salem to Little York, via New Phila-
delphia.
From Princeton, via Mount Carmel, to Olney,
in Illinois.
From Spencer, Owen county, Indiana, by way
of Cataract, to Cloverdalc, in Putnam county.
ILLINOIS.
From Avon, via Greenbush, to Monmouth.
From New Boston, High Point, Aledo, Viola,
Oxford, and Bishop's Hill, to Galva Station.
From Mangom, via Ellicott's Mills, Truro, and
Victoria, to Walnut Grove.
From Ridge Farm, via Indianola, New Homer,
and Sydney, to Urbana.
From Kankakee City, via Limestone, Kiniza,
and Essex, to Gardiner.
From Cluincy, via Mill Creek, to Douglasville.
From Macomb to Canton.
From Mount Carroll, via Rock Creek, Elk-
horn, Milledgeville, Genesee Grove, Mount
Pleasant, New Genesee, and Emline, to Sterling.
From Mount Carroll, via Argo and Bluffville,
to Fulton City.
From Polo, via Mount Morris, Oregon, and
Daysviile, to Franklin.
From Carrolton, via Pearl P. 0., Monument
P. 0., and Pleasant Hill.
From Elgin, along Fox river, to Aurora.
From Aurora, via Batavia, Geneva, St. Charles,
and Clinton, to Elgin.
From St. Charles and Clinton to Elgin.
From Crawfordsvilie, via Jacksonville, Har-
veysburg, Lodiville, Eugene, Georgetown, In-
dianolo, Hickory Grove, and New Albany, to
Piscatum Station. _
From Lewistown, via Cuba, Fiatt, and tiliis-
ville, to Avon.
From St. Mary's to Fountain Green.
From Huntsville to Putnam.
From De Kalb to Dorset P.O.
From Mount Vernon, Indiana, via Carmi and
Fairfield, Illinois, to Xenia, Illinois..
From Mount Leansboro', via Lovilla, to
Mount Vernon.
