1850.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
765
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
statutes of the Anglo-Saxon kin-a, with the pro-
vincial customs, were acknowledged and repeat-
edly confirmed." When Uie Plaiitagenets ceased
to exist—when Richard III. fell upon the field of
Bosworth, and the Tuilora came into power, did
they, though they considered Richard a usurper,
for that reason abolish all the laws he bad made?
On the contrary, did they not continue all the just
laws of that and other reigns, although the gov-
ernment of the new king was predicated upon the
belief that the reign of Richard was a usurpation j
from the commencement to the close of it? Com- j
ing down, then, in the history of England to ,
the days when the Stuarts were first driven from
the throne for usurpation and tyranny; when
Charles I. was beheaded; when Oliver Crom-
well succeeded him, though that government
was treated as a tyranny, yet did they abolish
all the laws made during that tyranny? Take
• still stronger and plainer case, and more anal-
ogous, if you choose: when Cromwell died, and
Charles II. succeeded him, did those who had
considered the government of Cromwell as a
sheer usurpation, from the beginning to the end
of it, abolish all the laws passed in the days of
the Protectorate? Though Cromwell was, at the
time, universally denounced as a traitor and
usurper, and his dead body was disinterred, sus-
pended on a gibbet, and then buried at the foot
of it, no one offered to abolish all the laws enacrted
during the Protectorate. And such has been the
result of every revolution in England. In 1688,
another revolution occurred. A more abhorred |
tyrant was never driven from a throne than the j
last of the Stuarts. Yet all the laws and ordi-
nances of his reign were not swept away. When
the American Colonies achieved their independ-
ence, their revolution was not'followed by the
abrogation of all laws which had been enacted
during the existence of the British domination.
The rule among nations and statesmen is, that
when laws considered salutary and useful to
society have been passed by a usurper or a tyrant,
instead of what is now claimed, that the legiti-
mate consequence of the usurpation or tyranny
is the abrogation of all the laws, the just conse-
quence is, a repeal of all the unjust and oppressive
laws, and a retention of all that are just and sal-
utary. Suffer all to stand thatare deemed by you
for the benefit of the public, and reform those that
you consider unjust, oppressive, or inexpedient.
Sir, that is the true principle by which we should
be guided and governed now.
I cannot, therefore, concur with the-honorable
gentlemen from Massachusetts and New York in
abrogating all the laws of Kansas. If they should
prove by thousands of witnesses, that the Legis-
lative Council was elected exclusively by Missou-
rians, and that there was not a single inhabitant
of Kansas at the election, still, for the good of
the whole country, and especially for the benefit
of the people of the Territory, we must suffer
those laws that are for the public good to remain.
Otherwise, we abandon all the precedents, and
disregard all the wisdom of our British ancestors
and of our own fathers, and. leave the Territory
in anarchy.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to emulate the
spirit of my honorable friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden,] and to speak in perfect kind-
ness to gentlemen from both sections of the coun-
try. If this proposition to abrogate all the laws
of Kansas be voted down, as I trust it will be, I
entreat Senators to annul all such laws now exist-
ing there as are manifestly unjust, amending
the bill. I propose to follow the example of other
men, and the precedents to which I referred, to
the end. I Will take, for instance, the nineteenth
section of the act to regulate elections, which pro-
vides in express words, that every man who offers
to vote in the Territory of Kansas shall be pre-
sumed to be entitled to vote. I acknowledge,
without hesitation, that this is, as it is contended
by northern men to be, amostunjust and oppress-
ive enactment. It reverses the whole rule of
law and evidence at elections. Under that, five
thousand men from Missouri, or any other State,
appearing unknown at the polls, would -be entitled
to vote prima facie, if no man present knew and
could prove their true residence. The rule of
{aw is, in all cases when a man offers to vote, he
is hound, when called upon, to show his title to
it. Here the whole principle is reversed, and that
law for that reason is manifestly unjust.
Now 1 hope the honorable Senator from Illinois,
the Committee on Territories, and the honorable
Senator from Georgia, never intended to retain
such a clause as that. They may suppose that,
under the provisions of the Dili as it now stands,
the law established in Kansas will not apply; but
the question ought not to be left in any doubt.
It would be contended, undoubtedly, I think, if
you should refuse to abrogate the nineteenth sec-
tion of the act to regulate elections—and that, too,
by professional gentlemen—that, as the clause in
the Kansas act stands well (to use the lawyer's
phraseology) with the law we are about to pass,
describing the requisites for voting, they should
both stand; and, although no man could yote
except one coming within the designations of the
Kansas act, he should also be within the limita-
tions of this bill, that every man who offers to
vote shall be presumed entitled to it. However
gentlemen may construe this bill, nothing is more
apparent than that it will be liable to be miscon-
strued by connecting that act with the bill reported
by the committee. But now I will point out other
grossly unjust and oppressive laws of Kansas to
which I respectfully ask the attention of honor-
able gentlemen. I do aver that, according to my
best judgment, that law which provides that 
Mr. TOOMBS. Do I understand the Senator
to say it is a bad law that a man who offers to
vote in the Territories shall be presumed to be
qualified ?
Mr. CLAYTON. I say that a man ought not
to be presumed to be qualified, but should prove
his right, if'questioned.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hold it to be the law of
the whole United States of America, as far as I
know. I never knew of any other.
Mr. CLAYTON. Let us see what must be
the inevitable effect of that law which the Senator
says is the law of the whole United States. A
man offers to yote; he is not known; he is from
Missouri. Five thousand men from Missouri
may offer their votes, and they are not known.
Some person who never saw them before chal-
lenges one of their votes, and says, " I object to
that man's vote; I challenge it." He turns upon
him and says, " What objection have you? state
your objection." The answer is, " I know noth-
ing about you, and never saw you before." Then
the judge would say, " That is no objection; the
rule of law is that he who offers to vote is pre-
sumed to be entitled to vote; and, consequently, if
you can show no exception to him, he must vote,
unless you choose to receive his own testimony
in his own favor." The honorable gentleman
from Georgia, I think, is totally mistaken in re-
gard to the laws of the States of the Union. I
say you may thus bring up five thousand unknown
men, and they may all vote on their own evi-
dence, merely because they are unknown tq the
people of the Territory. Of course a whole army
of men, regardless of law, might vote under this
, provision. The burden of proof is on the wrong
j I party; and, therefore, the law is clearly and mnn-
!. ifestly unjust and oppressive. Why, sir, when,
j; in any State in the Union, you challenge a man
at the polls, and say, " I object to that man's
vote," he is compelled to show himself to be
within the laws which regulate the right of suf-
frage. If you say, " show yourself to have paid
taxes,'' and taxes are reqnired, he must show that
he has paid them. If you say, M Show yourself
to be twenty-one yeara of age — show yourself
: to be a citizen," he must sustain his claim by
; proof, and not merely by his own word, or his
| own oath to the exclusion of all other proof.
! I If that which the gentleman from Georgia sup-
■' poses to be the rule, were the rule of law, every
foreigner could vote without showing his natural-
ization papers. He would call the other party
to prove that he was not a naturalized citizen; he
would call on him to prove a negative; and. I hope
the law of no State of this Union calls on any
man to prove a negative. There could -be no jus-
tice in elections with such a provision as that in
the bill. Repeal this, which is an clement of
excitement, not for the sake of any one section,
but for the sake of the character and honor of the
Sonate—for the sake of the justice of the country, j
Now, sir, I come to another subject, and that i
is the matter on which I was about to touch when
I was interrupted by the honorable Senator from
Georgia.
Mr. YULEE. Before the Senator leaves that
point 1 beg to suggest to him that he is totally
mistaken in the state of the law in Kansas; that,
although there is such a clause as hehas *ead,
he will find another clause which requires, upon
| objection being made, that the party shall be put
i upon his oath to answer in respect to the objec-
| tion; as is the case in the States.
S Mr. CLAYTON. I have seen and am well
| aware of the provision to which the gentleman
j alludes. But a brief examination of it will show
| the Senator how he has misconceived the meaning
j and effect of it. The act to regulate elections, on
1 page 263 of the acts of Kansas, provides:
" Sec. *9. Whenever any person shall oflfer to vote, he
shall be presume)] to be entitled to vmp."
Mr. WELLER. I am ve^ sure the honor-
able Senator does not intend to misstate the elec-
tion law.
Mr. CLAYTON. Certainly not. The next
section in connection with this exposes the very
injustice I complain of.
Mr. WELLER. I think justice requires that
the succeeding section should be read.
Mr. CLAYTON. Certainly. Read it.
Mr. WELLER. The section immediately suc-
ceeding that read by the honorable Senator, is:
"Sec. 20. Whenever any person offers to vote, his vot#
may be challenged by one of the judges, or by any voter,
ami the judges ot° the election may examine him touching
his right to vote ; and, if so examined, no evidence to con-
tradict shall be received. Or the judges may, m the first
instance, receive other evidence; in which eventthe appli-
cant may, if he desire it, demand to be sworn,but bis testi-
mony shall not then be conclusive."
If the Senator from Delaware had read this, the
whole question would have been properly before
the Senate.
Mr. CLAYTON. I should have read it if the
gentleman had waited, and I shall comment on it,
and show its connection with the preceding sec-
tion, which fixes the construction of the whole
law on this subject.
Mr. WELLER. I believe there is scarcely
any State of the Union that does not prescribe the
order of proceedings when the right of a person
to vote is challenged. The judges are required
to adnynister an oath, and if, on hearing the oath,
the judges are satisfied that he is a competent
voter, they are required to receive his vote. This
I understand to De the purport of this section,
that, when the right of any person offering to
vote is challenged, the judges shall proceed to
hear evidence, and decide according to it.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 have heard the gentle-
man's commentary, and now I will submit mine,
j He has entirely mistaken the meaning of the
1 Kansas act. In the first place, I say he cannot
show, on the statute-book of any State of this
Union, or of any Terntory besides this, such a
clause as that which I read in the nineteenth sec-
tion of the Kansas election law. Now, let us
see how the twentieth section mends it:
" Whenever any person offers to vote, his vote may be
challenged by one of the judges, or by a voter, aad the judges
1 of the election may examine him toaching his right to vote ;
and if so examined, ito evidence to contradict him thall it
received."
Pray tell me, sir, is that just like the laws of
: the States ? In what part of the civilized world
is an election conducted on this principle ? R"
the proof of the false voter's perjury be at hmd,
yet nis vote must be received.
Mr. WELLER. The man who swears falsely
is guilty of perjury.
Mr. CLAYTON. What security is that?
Have not thousands of illegal votes been sworn
in at every presidential election ? If a thousand
, men come and offer their votes, the jud£e, when
■ they are challenged by a voter, may swear them,
and admit them all on their own oaths, though
the challenger may hold the evidence ready that
they are not legal voters. But the worst of it all
is, the law presumes all illegal, as well as legal,
voters to be entitled to vote; and if you should
■ attempt to punish for perjury, you are met in
limine by this presumption in support of the
i perjurer and his oath. An alien, for example,
indicted for perjury in swearing in his vote, need
! not, on the trial, produce any naturalization
