766
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Clayton.
[July 2,
Senate.
papers. His prosecutor must prove that he has
none?
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to correct the gentle-
man's General statement as to what is the Taw of
the civilized world. I believe the State of Georgia
is part of the civilized world, and the voting law
thev, from the Revolution to the present day, is
precisely the same as in Kansas. The only evi-
dence required to establish a man's right to vote
there is his own oath.
Mr. CLAYTON. I agree with the gentleman
that Georgia is in the civilized world; but, if
what he has stated of her legislation be correct,
which 1 very much doubt, I think they have a
very uncivilized sort of law there. [Laughter.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is precisely the law of
Louisiana.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is also part of the civ-
ilized world,
Mr. BENJAlmN. A man's right to vote in
Louisiana is settled by his oath, at the polls. It
is recorded, and, afterwards, he is punished for
perjury, if he has voted improperly.
Mr CLAYTON. A man votes, as a matter
of course, whether entitled or not?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The presumption is, that
he is entitled.*
Mr. CLAYTON. Well, sir, if my learned friend
is correct in this, it is so manifestly unjust, and so
gross a reversal of the general rule of evidence,
that I hope the Senate of the United States will
not imitate the legislation of Louisiana, but
repeal a provision so grossly designed for fraud
in Kansas. If the judges examine the man who
offers to vote, no other proof can be received!
His statement must be taken! The presumption
all the time is, that he is entitled to vote; there-
fore, if he himself does not show, on his exam-
ination, that he is not entitled to vote, he must
vote! Is that just? Again:
"Or the judges ijiay, in the first instance, receive other
evidence; in which event, the applicant may, if he desire
it, demand to be sworn; but his testimony shall not then
be conclusive."
The judges may, in the first instance, receive
other evidence; but all the time they are receiv-
ing other evidence, the presumption is, that the
man offering to vote is entitled to vote; and, if
there is no other evidence conclusive against it,
this act of the Territorial Legislature ^uts the
whole right of suffrage in his hands, and no other
evidence in the world can prevent a perjured man
from voting, though he may leave the Territory
forever immediately after it, if he chooses to sus-
tain himself by an oath! There is no such pro-
vision for recording his peijury, or enabling a
prosecutor to convict him, such as is to be found
in the States which allow a voter to swear to his
qualifications; and the presumption created in his
favor by the nineteenth section would make it
hopeless to prosecute him, if he should stay in
the Territory to be tried':
But, sir, I come now, in this connection, to
another unjust and oppressive law of Kansas
which ought.to be repealed, and which this bill
omits to repeal. I demand the amendment of the
bill in t}jis particular. I think it will not be
doubted that it is an unjust law which compels
every voter to swear to support the fugitive slave
law. Yet that is the provision in the eleventh
section of the Kansas election act. Is any one
here in favor of it? [Mr. Weller here said,
"No, I believe not. "1 There is not a man, I be-
lieve, in the Senate Chamber, as my friend from
California thinks, wh<ris in favor of that. If so—
if we are all agreed that it is manifestly unjust,
why not repeal it? At this very momeift it is j
the subject of great complaint at the North. Sec-
tional feeling is excited to a violent degree by
suffering this to remain on the Kansas statute-
* I have examined this laws of Louisiana, and find there
is no such section as the nineteenth section of the Kansas
act in Louisiana. No law of that State reverses the rules
of evidence, and presumes a man entitled to vote rneretv
because he offers to vote. The fifty-ninth and one hundred
and fourth sections of the chapter on Elections, in the
Louisiana Revised Code, authorize the com missioners of
elections to receive the votes of none but legal voters. I •
find no law to prevent the receiving of other evidence to
contradict a false oath; and the Louisiana Revised Code
has ample guards to detect and punish perjury which are
not to be found in the Kansas election act. 1 have not been
able to procure the latvs of Georgia.—J. M. C.
book; and we are accused of injustice because it
remains there. It is easy for us to clear our own
skirts of the whole folly and wickedness of it.
We have a right to compel northern men to obey
the fugitive slave law, but we have no right to
go further, and establish a test oath so partial
and so odious in its character. That no man
shall vote who will not take an oath of that kind,
is a principle which I think not only no man in
in the Senate, but probably no man in this Dis-
trict, will stand up to support. I ask then, in
the language of my friend from Kentucky, why
not do justice? Whatever difference of sentiment
there may be between the gentleman from Geor-
gia, the gentleman from California, and myself,
in regard to the other matter, here is one about
which we are all agreed; here is one which is a
great topic inflaming the public mind. Why
should we suffer the public mind to remain in-
flamed on such a subject? Why should we not
quiet the country if we can? Why should we
not assure men North, as well as South, that we
mean, in this Territory of Kansas, to do justice,
and nothing but justice? If we do that, we shall
gain the confidence of the North; we shall get
the goodwill of good, just, and conservative men
everywhere; but if you suffer such laws as these
to remain on the statute-book, the excitement,
which is already great and alarming, will continue
to augment from day to day, to the imminent
peril of the peace and safety of the Union.,
There are other laws in Kansas, besides this,
which ought to be repealed. One of these—the
twelfth section of the act to punish offenses
against slave property—I have on a former occa-
sion alluded to. I do not know that the honor-
able Senator from Georgia concurs with me, but I
think it wrong, and I submit now for his con-
sideration, that his bill, and the bill before the
Senate, submitted by the Committee on Territo-
ries, are fatally defective in not repealing this,
and the other unjust' enactments, which are all
repealed by the bill I proposed. I do not object
to that part of the law which would punish per-
sons who entice away slaves; but this is the
twelfth section to which I refer:
" Sec. 12. If any free person, by speaking or by writing,
assert or maintain that persons have not the right to hold
slaves in this Territory, or shall introduce into this Terri-
tory, print, publish, write, circulate, or cause to be intro-
: duced into this Territory, wiitten, printed, published, or
i circulated in this Territory, any book, paper, magazine,
! pamphlet, or circular, containing any denial of the right of
persona to hold slaves in this Territory, such person shall
be deemed guilty of felony, and punished by imprisonment
at hard labor for a term of not less than two years."
! If a man deny the right to hold slaves in that
j Territory, he is to be punished with not less than
j two years' hard labor. I remember very well
; the opinion of Mr. Calhoun, who was thought
to-be a very able man in his day. He enter-
j tained the opinion decidedly that slavery could
| not be prohibited by a Territorial Legislature.
| He expressed that view in debate here in 1848,
and over and over again afterwards. He thought
that, under the Constitution of the United States,
Congress had not the power to admit or prohibit
i slavery in the Territories, and of course could
not delegate to a local Legislature the power to
prohibit it or to admit it. In the case before us,
a Territorial Legislature has admitted slavery.
If a man thinking like Mr. Calhoun thus far on
this subject, and not conceiving with him that the
' Constitution carries slavery there, g6es to Kan-
; sas and says, " I am of the opinion that this Le-
gislature had no right to pass this law admitting
slavery here," they ewould arraign him on that
ground, try him before a jury, and he would go for
at least two years with hard labor to the penitentia-
ry. The opinion for which he would suffer is
probably that of hundreds of gentlemen who are
slaveholders in this country. It is the opinion
of many eminent and able jurists. Would you
send a fellow creature to a penitentiary at hard
labor for a mere difference of opinion on a ques-
tion of law? Why, sir, cannot we afford to be
liberal enough to allow men in Kansas to discuss
all these questions, as we do here, with the utmost
latitude, when we have provided by the Kansas j
act, that the whole subject of their domestic !
institutions is one for their own peculiar con- |
sideration, and not for ours? If one of them :
there upon the stump choores to address his i
| fellow-citizens, and say, " I am of opinion that
i lawfully slavery was not brought in here by
; the local Legislature," must he for that, and
| that only, go to hard labor in the penitentiary?
| Sir, this law denies the right of free speech to
men in the Territory. It is for that reason only
I that I desire to repeal it. I do not consider it
i worth a blue bird's skin to the people of the
South; yet, though of no worth to them, it is ona
of those things that do infinite mischief to them,
because it is supposed they insist upon this hard
rule against northern men. I do not believe any
considerable number of them want any such
silly pretended advantage of the other side. No,
sir, the honorable men of the South want nothing
but what is fair, just, and right. They desire,
i if they have a fair majority in that Territory,
that they should be privileged to carry their
| slaves there." They do not desire to take any un-
fair advantage, by trick or otherwise, of their
countrymen of other sections, and, I trust, just
men in the North reciprocate that honorable feel-
! ing. I am unwilling to believe that any one por-
1 tion of my countrymen have become so far sepa-
rated from, the rest, and so utterly insensible to
shame, as to desire to practice deliberate fraud on
the other. I still think the bonds of brotherhood
are not ruptured—are not entirely burst asunder,
and that, by the aid of kindness and concilia-
> tidti, caution, and, above all, by an honorable and
i (liberal justice, such as our forefathers al ways used
I towards one" another in their day, we may save
j our country from all the perils with which it is
I environed.
It was with a view to give them all an ample
opportunity of reflecting on this subject, that I
desired J.he final disposition of it, involving with
the admission of Kansas as a State the decision
whether it shall be a State with or without slavery
might be postponed until a Federal population of
at least ninety-four thousand three hundred and
twenty shall exist there, by which distant period,
it might be hoped, mutual good feeling .would
return, reason would resume her empire, and all
parties be prepared to settle the controversy by
the free, fair, and honest vote of the people of the
new State. 1 believe the bill of my friend from
Missouri, [Mr. Gever,] which adopted many of
the principles of my own bill, was, even a wiser
I one in that regard than the one which I offered, as
! herefused to makeany provision for the admission
| of the State, and cautiously retained the whole
, power of fixing the time of final decision of the
; slavery question in the hands of Congress. I made
my proposition out of deference to the Committee
on Territories, (concurring with a resolution of
the American Convention;) which had reported
nothing but a bill to introduce the State when
she should have a Federal population such as I
have mentioned. I felt disposed, when drafting a
bill on this subject, to defer much to the wisdom
of the committee, as they had been engaged in
the examination of the subject for a very long
period; and therefore it was that I sought only
to prepare the Territory, and the people of all
sections in the mean time, before the population
should arrive at the ratio required for a Repre-
sentative in Congress, for the proper ultimate
determination of the great question, and, as
auxiliary to this purpose, to abrogate the odious
and offensive laws now alienating one portion of
the country from the other.
I said, when I introduced the bill which I had
the honor to offer here, that if I had it in my
power to decide whether slavery should or should
not be admitted into Kansas, and the State should
enter the Union with or without slavery, as I
pleased, I would not admit it at such a crisis as
this. This was the'"consideration which ruled
me; and I think it was one of the considerations
which ruled my friend from Missouri. I then
feared, and still fear, the effects of bringing the
State in suddenly, when the country may be in
peril from the violent extremes to which public
men have now gone. I wanted the healing influ-
ence of time to restrain the passion of resentment,
and conciliate kind regard and affection. I wished
this Territory to remain in a state of pupilage,
and not jeopard the safety of twenty-five mil-
lions of people by pressing herself in upon us
either as a slave or a free State. I thought I could
free, and I now do foresee clearly, that if the Senate
