42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
From Mount Leansboro', via the Mill Shoals,
in White county, to Fairfield, Illinois.
, From Caledonia, via Walbridge, to Thebes,
Illinois.
From Emporium City to "Villa Ridge, Illinois.
From Gfollatia, via Locust Grove, Frankfort,
and Malkeytown, to Duquoin, Illinois.
From Caledonia to Valley Forge, Illinois.
From Golconda, via Big Bay, New Liberty,
and Brooklyn, to Actropolis City.
From Equality, Illinois, via Cave-in-Rock, to
Marion, Kentucky.
From Carbondale to Urbane, in Jackson coun-
ty, Illinois.
From Carbondale, via Jacob Millikin's and
Willard's Ferry, to Jackson, Missouri.
From Carlinvillc, via Otter Creek, Greasy, and
Chapman's Point, to Waverly.
From Springfield, via Taylorsvitle and Owam-
co, to Pana.
From Springfield, via Athens,Petersburg, and
Chandlersville, to Beantown.
From Clinton, on East Feliciana, via Darling-
ton, Guwsba, and Kemp's Bridge, to Amita, on
the New Orleans and Jackson railroad, from Lake
Providence, in the Parish of Carroll, thence to
Pecan Grove, in said parish.
From Kankakee City, Kankakee county,
thence to Limestone, Kainosa, and Essex, to
Grundy.
From Mount Carroll, by Rock Creek, Elkhorn,
Milledgeville, Genesee Grove, Mount Pleasant,
New Genesee, Emlme, to Sterling.
From Richmond, Illinois, to Milwaukee, Wis-
consin.
IOWA.
From West Union, Fayette county, to Lodi,
Cook's, Jacksonville, Prairieville, Howard,
Wilksburg, Cardiff, Mitchell, Sr. Aitgar, and Or-
ville, to Jordan and Austin, in Minnesota Terri-
tory.
From Freeman, Floyd county, by Floyd, Gil -
mantown, and Cora, to Mitchelville, Mitchell
county.
From Dccorah, Wineshick county, by New
Oregon, Howard county, Villanovia, and Nute,
to Mitchell.
From Vmton, Denton county, by Yankee
Grove, Collins's Grove, Union Grove, Tama
county, and Green Mountain, to Albion, Mar-
shall county, Dccorah, by Stephensville, Hough-
ton, and Looneysvillc, to Menona, in Wiscon-
sin.
From Jonesville, by Shell Rock Village, Clarks-
ville, and Child's Springs, Butler county, Iheler's
Grove, Hock ford, Floyd county, and Owen's
Grove, Mason county, to Clear Lake city.
From Dubuque, by English Mill, John Gra-
ham 's, Preston, Mount Pleasant, Mopkinton, and
Vinton, to Fort Dos Monies.
From Cedar Rapids, by Sister's Grove, Bish-
op's Grove, Redman, Temaville, Toledo, and
Reedsville, to Albion, in Marshall county.
From Dubuque, by Independence, Wambo,
Bradford, St. Charles, and Floyd Centre, to
Osage, Mitchell county.
From McGregor's Landing,by Fort Atkinson
and Howard, Howard county, to Osage.
From Dyeryville, Dubuque county, by Hickory
Grove, Eads's Grove, Forest Hill, Buffalo Grove,
and Greener's Grove, to Waverly, Brewer county.
From Montezuma, Poweshiek county, by Mill
Grove, Granville, and Peoria, to Peila, in Marion
county.
From Independence, Buchanan county, by
Greely's, Bruch's Point, and Long Grove, to
West Union, Fayette county.
From Cedar Rapids, by Coleman's Hotel, Clin-
ton township, Linn county, Pickaway, Bishop's
Grove, and Salt Creek, in Benton county, to
Toledo, Talma county.
From Clarksville, Butler county, via Hardin
city and Point Pleasant, to Nevado, the court-
house of Story county.
From Lancaster, by Potosi, Wisconsin, to
Dunleith, in Illinois.
From Sioux City, by the Vermillion river,
Minnesota Territory, to Fort Pierre, Nebraska
Territory.
From Sioux City, by L'Edw-quis-cours river,
in Nebraska Territory, to the South Pass.
From Decor&h, by Vernon Springs, Howard
Centre, Jamestown, and Cardiff, to Cora, in Mit-
chell county.
From Abel, C. H. of Dallas county, by Pierce's
Plantation, Paduca, and Ripley, to Jefferson
C. H.
From Lansing, by Dorchester and Bellville, to
Elliota, in Fillmore countv, Minnesota Territory.
From Waterloo, up felack Hawk creek, by
Grundy Centre, to Eldorado, in Hardin county.
From St. Charles, by Freeman's Rock, Creek
City, toShellRock Falls, in Cerro Gordo county.
From Dyersville, by Poultney, Plum Springs,
Yankee Settlement, Honey Creek, Cox Creek,
Volga city, Highland, Elgin, and Clermont, to
Decorrah.
From Rockville, by Cascade, to Canton; "Rock-
ville, by Colony, to Elkador, Old Mission, by
Burr Oak Springs, Vernon Springs, Howard,
Cora, and Mitchell, to Ausgar.
From West Union to Bradford, by St. Charles.
From Phito to Bedford, via Union City and
Lexington.
From Marin«;o Crossing, to Millersburg.
From Chanton to PJattsmouth, Nebraska
Territory, via Oceola, Gtuincy, Frankfort, and
Glenwood.
From Council Bluff to Salt Lake City, Utah
Territory.
From Fort Des Moines to Nevado, thence to
Quebec and Eldora.
From Marietta to Fort Dodge.
From Waterloo to Fort Dodge, via Grundy
Centre, to Eldorado.
From Clear Lake to Algona.
From Council Bluffs and Swing City, in the
State of Iowa, to Fort Laramie, or Great Salt
Lake, in Utah Territory.
KENTUCKY.
From Olive Hill to Portsmouth.
From Woodstick, in Pulaski county, to James*
town, in Russell county.
From Germantown, via Minerva, to Dover,
Monticello, Wayne county, (Kentucky,) to
Huntsville, Scott county, (Tennessee.)
From Maysville, via Minerva, to Dover.
From Cloverport, by Falls of Rough and Ca-
neyville, to Bowling Green.
From Hopkinsville to Greenville, Ceralvo to
Hartford.
Fiom Henderson to Steamport.
From Henderson, by Spottsville, to Owens-
bo ro.
From Calhoun, via Livermore, to Hartford.
From Fort Washington, Chaphnton, via Fair-
field and Bloomington.
From Louisville, via Fairfield, to Bloomfield.
From Padueah, via Benton, VVaidsboro, and
Murray, to Paris, (Tennessee.j)
Fiom New Concord to moutn of Sandy river,
(Tennessee.)
From Canton, via France's Ferry, to Murray.
From Manchester, via Red Bird creek and
Cumberland river, to Mount Pleasant.
From Mount Pleasant, via Isaac W. Huff's,
to Jonathan Richmond's, Lee county, Virginia.
From Manchester, Clay county, by way of
Reuben May's Steam Mill, thence to Red Bird
creek, thence up Red Bird, and with the county
road to the Cumberland river, and up said Cum-
berland river to ILulan Court-House, in the
county of Harlan.
From Jackson, Breathitt county, Kentucky,
main county road, crossing the middle fork of
the Kentucky river, to Proctor, in the county of
Owsley, State of Kentucky.
From Whitesburg, in the county of Letcher,
to the residence of John Lewis, on the poor fork
of Cumberland river, in the county of Harlan.
From Jackson to Boonville.
From Irvine to Boonville or Manchester.
From Manchester to Ilarlan Court-ilouso.
From John Lewis to Whiteburg.
KANSAS TERRITORY.
From Ossawatamie to Neoiha City.
From Cofachique, via Le Roy, to Columbia.
From Fort Scott to Cofachique, via Le Roy,
to Columbia.
From Columbia to Council Grove.
From Sac and Fox Agency to Le Roy.
From Lecompton, via Glendale, to One Hun-
dred and Ten, or Richardson.
From Shermanville to Cofachique.
From Allen to Columbia.
From Topeka, in Kansas, via Nebraska City
county, Mount Pleasant, and Burlington, (Iowa.)
LOUISIANA.
From Vermillionville, via Randolph Cady's,
on the Bayou Gtuene Tortue, and Mier's Settle-
ment, on the Bayou Blanc, to Cottrell's on the
Mermonton river.
From Providence, by Floyd, to Bastrop.
From Pecan Grove to Floyd.
From Marion, via Brook's Store, Cherry Ridge,
Spearsville, Cornic Bluffs, and Lisbon, to Ho-
mer.
From Harrisonburg, in Catahoula Parish, to
Good Water, in Winn Parish.
From Clinton, in East Feliciana, to Prospect
Hill, on railroad, via Darlington, Greensburg,
and Kemp's Bridge.
From Bastrop to Ashton, on the Mississippi
river.
From Columbia to Natchitoches, via Castor
Spy's.
From Louisville (Arkansas) to the Orchard
Grove in the Parish of Bossier, (Louisiana) by
way of F. D. Harris and A. Byrne's.
From Frankhngton, in Washington parish,
to Davidspn, via Charles Knight's and Dunn
Crane's.
From Iluddleston, via Anacoco, Mill creek,
and Manny, to Belmont.
From St. Martinsville, by way of Cote Jelly,
to Vermillionville.
MAINE.
From West Buxton, via Bonny Eage Village
and Rivvel, to Livingston Village.
From Standish, via East Livingston, North
Livingston, Cornish Hiram, and Brownsfield, to
Fryesburg.
From Exeter Corner, via South Exeter and
Stetson, to Etna.
From North Dixmouth, via Dixmont Corner,
to Jackson.
From Pittsfield, by Hartland, St. Albans, and
Ripley, to Cambridge.
From Emery's Mills, via Sharpleigh, to West
Newfield.
From Oxford, via West Poland and North Ray-
mond, to Gray.
From Mattewamkeag to Nicheton, Stark's Vil-
lage, by Anson, to New Portland.
From Lyndon Corner to Island Pond, Vermont.
I^rom Gardner to Damariscotta 
From Sabatus to Lewistown.
MARYLAND.
From Freeland, via Union Meeting House, to
Paper Mills.
From Churchville, by Hartford Furnace, to
Perrymanville, by the most direct public roads.
From Upper Marlboro, via Hill's Bridge, Bris-
tol, and Dunkirk, to Friendship.
From Piscataway, in Prince George's county,
to Pomunkey, in Charles county.
From Cambridge to a convenient point near
Hill's Point.
From Cambridge to a convenient point on the
railroad from Dover to Seaford.
From Cambridge, via Airy's Meeting House,
Bucktown, and Drawbridge, to Vienna.
From Federalsburg to Vienna, via Harrison
and Crotc.lier's Ferry.
From Cambridge, via Church creek, Tobacco
Stick, Taylor's Island, Golden Hill, Lakesville,
to Bladensburg.
From Princess Anne to Fairmount.
From Princess Anne to Deal's Island.
From Princess Anne to Tryaskin.
From Kingston to Shelltown.
MISSISSIPPI.
From Hillsboro, by Shuman Hill, to Garlands-
ville.
From Ocean Springs to Dwier's Ferry, in
Jackson county.
From Okalona, via Redland, to Sarepta.
From Paulding, via Colemanna ana Rearing
Creek, to Ocoha. «
From Oshalono, via Palmetto and Chesterville,
to Eliistown.
From Beaverdam, via Napierand Owenton, to
Erata.
