1856.
vihs eommmmii, ®hmm.
prevent further disturbances. Although ,an agent,
personally known to them, arid from whom they
had received the bounties of the Government,
he was barbarously mianjered; and to give the
strongest possible manifestation of their hostility
$nd exasperation against the whites, they madie
a funeral pile of himself and horse, determined
that not a vestige should remain to tell the t§Ie qf
his savage and inhuman murder.
When the fact of the death of Bplarn was jRade
known, the regular forces at Fort Vancouver ivere
under command of Major Rains, who ordered
Major Haller to proceed to the^tlndi^n country
and chastise them for the inurder of Eiolan and
others. In obedience to the orders received, he
proceeded to the enemy's country, was attacked
by them, surrounded, and narrowly escaped after
a desperate and most gallant defense of several
days duration, with the loss of one fifth of his
command. Here was the first commencement of
hostilities, not by volunteers, but by regular
forces, who were defeated, notwithstanding the
0 gallajitry of their commander, and driven from
the country. This country, you will bear in
mind, lies east of the Cascade mountains, and on
the Washington side of the Columbia river.
Colonel Rains, when he found (.hat Haller had
been driven out of the country, and had only suc-
ceeded in bearing away his wounded, leaving his
"ead behind him, called on the Governor of Ore-
gon Territory for volunteers. It was a call for
, aid and assistance to suppress Indian hostilities,
to punish the Indians; first, for killing our people
and then for driving his gallant ipajor and his
whole force out of the country. To that call
the Governor pf Oregon promptly responded,
lie called for volunteers. They turned out im-
mediately; and having joined withtjie trootis they
marched into the Indian country. The Indians
on thatoccasion avoided the fight. They avoided
a general battle." The force against them was
rather strong.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the position of Major
Haller, at the time he was surrounded by the
Indians and badly whipped, was up on the Co-
lumbia river here, on the northern side of this
river, in Washington Territory, in the country
known as the Yacomac country. This country,
till within a few years past, has not been settled
by white people; but within the last few years
the white settlement has extended east of these
Cascade mountains, into Washington and Oregon
Territories. When General Wool arrived in
Oregon Territory he found the volunteers up in
that country, against the warlike Indians. Now,
I will ask gentlemen and the writer of that letter
which has been read, whether the troops ought
to have been recalled at once from that country,
leaving hundreds of defenseless women and chil-
dren, scattered about on their claims, exposed to
the attacks of Indians who had driven the regular
forces out of the country? If they had, what
would have been the condition of these people?
Would there have been one single family left in
thatcountry? Would there have been one woman
that would not have been burned at the stake, or
one child that would not have been tomahawked ?
General Wool, when he arrived took up his
headquarters west of the Cascade mountains, on
the north bank of the Columbia river, or Fort
Vancouver, [pomtingoutthelocationo'n the map.1
He ordered the regular forces that were engaged
in the Indian country to fall back on Fort Van-
couver. The volunteers did not go up there of
"their own accord. They went out at the call of
an officer of the United States Army. If they
had left tlje country with the regular forces they
would have exposed the life of every woman and
child there to certain death. Ought they to have
done so? Will any man say to the, people of
Oregon that these volunteers should have fallen
back upon the settlements, or gone into quarters
and put themselves undercover, leaving the wo-
men and children of the country to fall under the
tomahawk of the savage? No, sir. It is a slan-
der when it is said that the volunteers of Oregon
went there with a view of making war upon any
other Indians than such as murdered our people,
and as were ready to bury the tomahawk in the
heads of women and children.
What would have been said of the Governor
of Oregon, if he had acted as General Wool did,
and ordered the volunteers out of the country,
leaving it exposed to the savages? So far from
doing it, he maintained his position. Those
troops were pp/ruaaaded by a noble and gallant
young man, by the name of Kelly, who went
out to Territory a few years ago from the
Staite of Pennsylvania. IJe is kno>vn to some
of the members of this House. He is a brave
and gallant man, a lawyer by profession, and a
peaceable, law-abiding citizen. He took the corn-
band of these fcrces in the plape of jpy gallant
friend Neismjth, who was compelled to quit the
$er\ripg Qn acpount of sickness in his family. Soon
after his tailing the comm.and, the Walla-Wallas,
Yapornas, and other tribes of Indians throughout
the whole extent of country east of the Cascades,
ipade a genera! attack upon his command. And,
sir, while fighting for life, when his ammunition
hq.d been^ expended, when he had fired his last
volley, with ammunition almost exhausted, and
scant of provisions—for hp was for four days sur-
rounded with these hostile Indians—I say \?hile
thus fighting for life, under these circumstances,
the regular troops, under the order's of General
Wool, were marching to their winter quarters.
And, as I am informed, when Kelly applied for
powder and other supplies, that officer shut his
magazines and refused the supplies.
Now, sir, shall this man be quqted here against
the pepple of Oregon Territory ? Shall his evi-
dence be used in condemnation of t}ie people of
that Territory, who volunteered to save the wo-
mgn and children of the settlements from massa-
cre? Shall such an argument be introduced here
against the appropriation now asked for ? I hope
not.
Mr. ALLISON. If the gentleman will permit
me for a moment, I desire to say a single word.
He asks, why should we bring the evidence of
General Wool here as testimony in a case of this
kind, under such circumstances? Now, I am
sure the gentleman from Oregon will not object to
an inquiry, such as was propounded to him, for
the purpose of giving him an opportunity of
making the explanation which he is now making
to the House. We find in our executive docu-
ments here, official communications from the
officers of the Government which can alone speak
officially vipon the subject. How is it possible
that we can disregard these communications thus
officially made, unless some explanation were
made to remove the difficulties with which we are
surrounded, in making this appropriation. If we
are to take the statements of these officers, to which
alone we can go for information, we cannot, con-
sistently, make this appropriation. The gentle-
man from Oregon certainly cannot therefore ob-
ject to such a statement being made by a member
of the House, as it will afford him an opportunity
of making such an explanation as will relieve us
from the embarrassments with which we are sur-
rounded in making the appropriation which he
asks for.
Mr. LANE. I am very much obliged to the
gentleman. I have no disposition to cast imputa-
tions upon General Wool. I think as much of
him as any roan in this House, but I do not like
bis conduct in Oregon. Now, Mr. Chairman,
these volunteer forces have been organized and
maintained for the purpose of protecting the set-
tlements in the Territories of Oregon and Wash-
ington, and nobly have they done it, while the
regulars were comfortably 'housed in the snug
barracks at Vancouver.
By the last mail I have received a letter, from
which I will read the following extract:
" Will you please present our thanks to the Secretary of
War for his dispatch in forwarding the Ninth infantry^ How
much it is to be regretted that such promptness litis been
rendered unavailing. General Wool is now m California,
and would have kept that regiment there had he been there
when it arrived. He passed them at sea this side of San
Francisco, and made unavailingetfoits to have the steamer
bringing them return to San Francisco. This, I am in-
formed bv Mr. tloxie, of Jackson county, who was a pas-
senger with General Wool. Mr. Hoxie was sent down by
the quartermaster general, and succeeded m making his
purchase, as he tells me, when General Wool's interference
and influence caused the setlers to decline furnishing the
powder, and Mr. Hoxie caige back empty-handed. Had it
not been for the Hudson's Bay Company, at Vancouver, we
should have been unable to procure this, and other essential
supplies.55 ^
This extract I give with undoubting confidence
in the truth of the statements it contains, know-
ing, as I do, the high respectability of the author,
and simply from a desire to do justice to all con-
cerned, either American citizens or British sub-
jects.
My frien.d from Tennessee, [Mr. READv]-^-an4
I am proud of having the opportunity of answer-
ing his inquiries—I have afwjjp known to exer-
cise the soundest judgment upon all subjects'ex-
cept politics. [i<aughter.] I say, in reply to his
inquiries, that at the time these hostilities com-
menced in the north of Washington Territory,
hostilities also broke out in the Rogue river val-
ley, and in one night the Indians traveled many
miles and killed every man, woman, and chila
on the road, with one or two exceptions; they
burned every hptase except one; they killed every
woman except one—Mrs. Harris—for whom 1
intend to introduces, bill granting a pension. The
savages surrounded her house, killed her hus-
band, and wounded her daughter. She defended
herself in^ her dwelling nobly; she loaded and
fired her rifle eighty times, and made her escape
during the darkness of the night. Every man on
that whole route was killed with the exception of
Wagner, whose wifeand children were murdered,
and who himself fell, on the 22d of February last,
at the mouth of the Rogue river. Since that time
the Indians have proceeded to Umpqua valley,
and murdered people within a few miles of my
own house, and yet General Wool says there is
no war in Oregon! They have driven off tha
cattle of the country. Thousands are shot and
left to decay upon the plains. The last steamer
brought us the ne w^-that the Indians had attacked
the settlements of the white people atthemouthof
Rogue river, and destroyed every house, and
every farm. Every settler—men, women, and
children—was killed, except one, and he saved
himself by hiding.
It is said that the Indians are few, and that they
will soon be forced into submission. Whether
there are two hundred or one thousand of them,
General Wool will not be able to hurt one of
them. I know them. They will fight; but they
will never permit themselves to be attacked by
any considerable force. They will keep out of
the way. The old General has passed the age
when he could overtake the Indians. The coun-
try which is the theater of hostilities is mount- -
ainous, steep of ascent, and affords the best and
most secure hiding-places in the world. How is
he to go there with liis regular forces and punish
these savages? Yet his friends said that it was
for that purpose that he intended to start from
San Francisco. He has not dqne so; and he is
the man that has arraigned the people of my Ter-
ritory !
Sir. the people of Oregon occupy a remote and
far distant part of our domain—a sort of terra
incognita to the people of the Atlantic States. If
their character was known here, as I know it, it
would require no eulogium, much less a vindica-
tion, at my hands. For several years I have
lived in the midst of that people, and I know
them. I have seen them under all the vicissitudes
and circumstances incident to this varied and
chequered life—in prosperity and in adversity,
in affluence and poverty, in the repose and se-
curity of home, m the din of battle, where the
fight raged hottest and the Uullets flew thickest.
They are an enterprising and adventurous people;
or they would never have traversed sterile and
inhospitable wastes, scaled lofty mountains, and
braved the perils and privations of the wilderness
in search of homes on the shores of the Pacific.
That they are brave no one can doubt who has
read of their deeds of heroism in defending their
families and homes from the tomahawk and the
torch of the remorseless savage, Ay, sir, and
they are a patriotic people. Think you that the
men from Missouri, Illinois, Ohio,and Tfe-ntu.cky,
who have made their homes in Oregon, have been
so changed by distance, that their hearts have
ceased to pulsate with patriotic devotion to our
country's flag and our country's honor? _ Believe
it not. They are Americans still—not aliens and
interlopers from foreign lands. Hear it, gentle-
men of the so-called "American" party, you who
oppose this appropriation, your countrymen—-
not foreigners—are imperiled. American blood is
being shed—ay, sir, and on our own soil. Ameri-
cans call on you for succor. Mountains rise
and wide deserts intervene between you and them,
but they are still on our own soil; they have but
changed their chamber in the paternal mansion;
the same banner which waves from the dome of
this Capitol spreads its folds over them. Is it
an emblem of protection which the Government
