1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1508
important Committee on Foreign Affairs. In de-
bate he never indulged in that spirit of acrimony
which too often unfortunately characterizes the
discussions of this body. In"short, sir, he gave
the highest evidences that in him were combined
the elements of the enlightened statesman and
the polished gentleman.
In the circle of that family, now weeping over
this dispensation ofProvidence, and to whom we
are about to tender our condolence, I know that
he showed himself to be the affectionate father
and husband, as well as the kind and forgiving
master.
He has passed over the troubled sea of life,
upon whose billows we are now tossed; and I
trust, Mr. Speaker—may not we all trust?—
that his immortal spirit, now freed from all the
shackles of earth,
" Walks with God, high in the realms of bliss."
The resolutions were adopted unanimously.
When the House (at one o'clock, p.m.) ac-
cordingly adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, m.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 28, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Henrt C. Dean, Chaplain of the
Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of House bill (No.
411) for the admission of the State of Kansas into
the Union, the pending question being on the
motion to refer the bill to the. Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, upon which
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] was
entitled to the floor.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONERS.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Ratfileed, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into tile propriety of granting to
James Herey, a revolutionary soldier, a pension under the
not of 1833, and also to inquire into tile propriety of paying
to Frances and Judy Whelchel the arrearages due them
under the act of March 4,1836.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
Mr. NICHOLS, from the Joint Committee on
Printing on the part of the House, to whom it
was referred to inquire into the expediency of
printing extra copies of the letter of the Secretary
of State, transmitting a statement of the tariff
duties and custom-house regulations applicable
to American cotton abroad, reported, first, that
the total cost often thousand copies of said letter
would be |159 20; and, secondly, reported the
following resolution:
Resolved, That ten thousand exti a copies of said letter
be punted for the use ol the members of the House of
Representatives.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLS, from the same committee, to
•whom it was referred to inquire into the expedi-
ency of printing ten thousand extra copies of the
majority and minority reports of the Committee
on Territories on the memorial of the members of
the Legislature elected under the constitution
framed "by the people of Kansas, reported, first,
that the total cost of ten thousand extra copies
of said report would be §180; and, secondly, re-
ported the following resolution:
Rciolvei, That ten thousand extra copies of said report
be punted for the use t>f the members of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. WALBRJDGE. I move to amend the
resolution, by striking out " ten thousand," and
inserting " twenty thousand."
Mr. NICHOLS. Let me say to the gentleman
that this resolution contemplates the printing of
extra copies of the majority and minority reports
of the Committee on Territories in reference to
the bill now pending before the House for the
admission of Kansas. The committee were unan-
imous m recommending the printing of ten thou-
sand extra copies.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I misapprehended the
object of the resolution. I withdraw the amend-
mcnt.
Mr. SNEED demafided the yeas and nays on
the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to present an ad-
verse report from the Committee of Claims on a
bill from the Court of Claims, that it may take its
place upon the Calendar.
Mr.GIDDINGS. I must object to everything
out of order.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman will
allow the report to be printed. It will take no
time.
9^ Mr. GIDDINGS. It is in order, is it not?
The SPEAKER. It is not in older, for die
reason that the gentleman from Georgiais entitled
to the floor.
Mr. GIDDTNGS. I will not object.
Mr. LETCHER, from the Committee of
Claims, then made an adverse report on the bill
heretofore reported from the Court of Claims,
for the relief of Ahnanson Huston; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks leave to
present reports from the Court of Claims on
various mutters, in order that the bills may be
committed to the Committee of Claims, and the
adverse reports be referred to the Committee of
the Whole House, and placed on the Calendar.
There being no objection, the order was made.
CONDITION OF TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. I must insist now upon the
regular order of business.
Mr. LANE. I rise for the purpose of making
an inquiry. I wish to inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Territories whether, if this
Kansas bill is now taken up, and the balance of
the time set apart for territorial business is con-
sumed in its consideration, he will ask for further
time for the consideration of the territorial busi-
ness which has not now been acted on?
Mr. GROW. I will answer the question, with
the permission of the gentleman irom Georgia
and the House. All the territorial business be-
fore the Committee of the Whole that we propose
action on at this time, has been reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and is on the Speaker's table, except the
bill in reference to Indian hostilities in Oregon.
That can be considered on the Army bill; and
whenever we go to the business on the Speaker's
table, all the territorial bills which have been
reported from the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union will come up.
Mr. LANE. If the House will be willing to
consider the bill in reference to Indian hostilities
in Oregon as legitimate and proper as an amend-
ment to the Army appropnation bill, I should
prefer to have it considered there than in any
other way. But if I am shut off by the ruling of
the House from offering it as an amendment to
that bill, I hope the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will ask for further time for the consider-
ation of territorial business.
Mr. GR.OW. Certainly, I will; but I think
it a proper matter to go in the Army bill.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I give notice that I
do not think it proper to go there, and I shall
object whenever it comes up.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
The House then resumed the consideration of
House bill (No. 411) for the admission of the
State of Kansas into the Union, the pending
question being on the motion of Mr. Doxn to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union; on which Mr. Stephens
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to know
what is the-pending question before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is upon the motion to
commit first to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and then, if that be nega-
tived, to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will not raise any ques-
tion of order, but the gentleman from Georgia
and I have both spoken upon that question. 1
hope it will be the common understanding that I
shall be permitted, if I can succeed in getting the
floor, to address the House upon the merits of
the bill. , T ,
Mr. STEPHENS. The only speech I have
I shall not accept that
I supposed the gentleman
made upon the subject was made when the gen-
tleman had the floor. He asked me if I could
point him to certain things in the rules of the
House, and I did so. I have not occupied the
floor upon the question at all.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Georgia offers a substitute for the
bill as reported from the Committee xm Territo-
ries, and I will ask him to accept an amendment
as an additional section.
Mr. STEPHENS. I will hear itif it is not to
be taken out of my time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman to
accept it as an additional section, with a view to
settle this vexed question.
The amendment was read, and is as follows:
Sec. 18. Jlnd be it further enacted, That so much of the
act entitled <• An actio organize the Territories of Nebraska
and Kansas," as repealed, or declared inoperative and void,
the eighth section of the act pieparatory to tile admission
of Mi&t-ouri into the Union; and all enactment- by any
"Legislative Assembly, whether lawfully or unlawfully con-
stituted, which claim for the people of*said Territories the
right either to admit oi exclude therefrom slavery, or invol-
untary servitude, otherwise than in punishment M crime,
until they shall have formed a State constitution for the
purpose of being admitted into the Union, be, and the tame
are heieby, repealed and declaied inoperative and void.
Mr. STEPHENS.
amendment.
Mr CAMPBELL.
would not.
Mr. STEPHENS. And it is part and parcel
of what I intend to say to the House, to the
gentleman, and to the country, that that bill is
not the " vexed question " that is agitating the
country, as the gentleman says.
Mr. S. moved to amend the motion to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, by adding instructions to strike
out all in the original bill, and to insert, in lieu'
thereof, the amendment of which he gave notice
yesterday.
Mr. S. then addressed the House for an hour
upon the bill under consideration. His remarks
will appear m the Appendix.
At the expiration of the hour, *
The SPEAKER announced that the gentle-
man's time had expired.
Mr. STEPHENS. i*ope the House wilUui-
dulge me a few minutes longer in order to finish
what I have to say on the point I was just
making.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I object, and in explana-
tion I would say, that 1 have seen Mr. Adams put
down on this floor many times.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, was recognized
by the Chair as entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am a friend to freedom
of speech. Idesiie togiveit full and ample scope,
and! beg my colleague to withdraw his objection.
Mr.TRAFTON. 1 ask,Mr. Speaker, whether,
as a matter of justice, the gentleman from Georgia
should not be permitted to occupy as much time
as the gentleman from Ohio deprived him of?
[Cries of "That's right."]
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to say
whether they will allow the gentleman from
Georgia to proceed.
Mi. H. MARSHALL. The rule of the House
is imperative.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The rule of the House is
imperative; and if the gentleman from Georgia#e
allowed to proceed, there will be done, for the
other side of the House, what was never done for
this.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask that, by the courtesy
of the House, I shall occupy a few minutes longer.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman con only
proceed by unanimous consent. If there be no
objection the gentleman will proceed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let us do the thing fairly,
without any dodging.
Mr. STEPHENS. I should have got through
with ray remarks but for the interruptions of the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. CAMPBELL. When I get the floor, I
will give the gentleman as much time as I took
from him.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, took the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will now speak to the
question before the House, if I am entitled to the
floor „
The SPEAKER. The gentleraaft from Mary-
land is entitled to the floor. "The Chatr vvili
state what is the state of the ease. Tae gentle-
