778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
affords to all our people, or a piece of painted
bunting a rag- spread to the winds in derision
and mockery ofmeir perils and their woes?
One trait of character the people of the Ter-
ritory of Oregon possess in common-with their
countrymen, but even this seems to be denied to
them by those whose occupation appears to be to
malign and traduce all that is generous and noble
in a people or an individual—those professional
scribblers, the vultures of the press, who feed
■upon character which has been first polluted and
destroyed by their own poisonous breath, and
who never soar except it be m an atmosphere of
detraction, like those birds of ill omen which are
found in no other country exccpt where grows the
Upas. I allude to that trait in the character of
the Orcgonians so characteristic of the population
of the western States—magnanimity; the chival-
rous sense of honor, the pride, blended with in-
nate generosity, which scorns a mean, a dishon-
orable, or a cowardly action, which revolts at the
idea of oppressing or of being oppressed, which
is quick to resent an insult from an equal or supe-
rior, but bears with meekness and patience the
peevishness, the taunts, and even the deliberate
insults, of mfeuors. In this spirit the people of
Oregon have borne with, patience and forbearance
the injuries and insults of the inferior race by
whicli they are surrounded. They have thought
their mission to be to subdue the proud and in-
tractable spirit of the savage by kindness, to
soften his rude nature by manifesting towards him
a friendly and paternal spirit, to reclaim him from
his savage condition by example—the example
of a life spent in peaceful industry, instead of un-
profitable and wasting wars with each other.
I am sorry that these humane efforts of the
Oregon settlers have not been appreciated by the
savage. Humanity has been mistaken by him
for a tame submissiveness of spirit; forbearance
for pusillanimity. The consequence has been,
that, instead of being benefited by his contact
with the whites, the Indian has brooded over
what he has erroneously deemed an unwarrant-
able intrusion upon his domain, until at length a
general uprising has taken place for the puiposc
of exterminating the intruders, or driving them
from the land. Who that acknowledges the right
of the whtto race to occupy and improve the lands
of the natives, (and 1 know of no one who will
deny it) —who that acknowledges such right will
deny to them the right of self-defense when as-
sailed in their pioneer homes; and who will not
go further than this, and say that, where their
numlnusand their means are inadequate to their
defense, it is the duty of the Government to afford
them protection,and sa\ctbem, uotfiom destruc-
tion merely, but from a destruction by a rcfine-
ment of cruelty, an oxquisitoness of torture
known only m tin- annals of Indian warfare J
1 will have an oppoi tunny of explaining these
tilings more fully at some future time. I will not
consume the time of the committer now. 1 am
prepared to go into the subject fully. 1 have
anticipated, I think, neaily every objection winch
can possibly be nrtule to the conduct of the Ore-
gon volunteers, or of the settlers m that Territory.
I shci'l be pii.pared t^funnsh all the information
on the subject w hieh ^entlcm^n may desire. I
only ask what is right—nothing more; and, if 1
do not greatly mistake the character and feelings
of the membeis of this House, I am sure they will
not refuse my just demand.
The purpose of the appropriation as stated in
the bill is "• to restore and preserve friendly re-
lations with the Indians."
Another object of the appropriation is to fui-
nish the means of ransoming the pnsoners who
have already been taken by, or who may hereafter
fall into the hands of, the Indians. Already
several pnsonei s are in their hands, men, women,
and children, liable at any moment to be put to a
cruet death. Perhaps by a timely appropriation
of the kind asked for, the lives of these pnsoners
may be saved. Docs any one begrudge the appli-
cation of the public money to a purpose so hu-
mane'' Dofs any one dare to say that the whole
^300,000 would be an extravagant price to pay for
the laiisuiri of one—only one of those helpless
infant cuptivcs, whose wailing eiy is music to the
ears <>f bis cruel captors, diunk with the blood
of his slaughtered parents. Theio went from
Missouri, m 1853, a party of nineteen. In
August of that year I saw, in Oregon, two boys,
the only survivors of that party. Where were
the others? They told me where they were—they
had left them among the mountains, father,
mother, sisters—all slain! At my request they
undertook to give me a narrative of the massacre
— to detail the fiendish barbarities of the mur-
derers. I listened while, with the simple elo-
quence of truth—a pathos which only children
can impart to a story of bereavement and sorrow,
they proceeded with the recital of what they saw
and what they suffered. But I did not hear them
to the end; my heart sickened with the revolting
details. I told them to pause; I could hear no
more. Ah! sir, could the members of this House
have stood around those friendless orphans, as
they stood among strangers, relating the story
of their sufferings and their wrongs, there would
have been no occasion for me to speak here to-
day. They would have heard a speech such as
they never heard before, and such as, I pray to
God, I may,never hear again—the speech not of
two untutored, friendless orphans, but nature,
sir, nature speaking to the great heart of the
American people, heaving it up, as with a
giant's power, from its cold apathy into a burn-
ing thirst for revenge, a stern resolve to avenge
the wrongs and defend the rights of outraged
humanity. An attempt was made, as already
stated, to punish the perpetrators of this outrage.
Major Haller was sent forward with several com-
panies of regulars, and succeeded in procuring the
surrender of a few Indians, who were put to death
as the perpetrators of the massacre. But whether
the innocent were surrendered, and the guilty
escaped, is a question I am unable to answer.
From my knowledge of the Indian character, I
would not be surprised if, in this instance as in
others, they had recourse to vicarious punish-
ment—shielding the guilty by substituting the
innocent.
Unless such means are taken as General Wool
will not take—but such only as the volunteers
will take—to put an end to these outrages, set-
tlement m Oregon Territory will be retarded.
Already thousands of acres, once cultivated and
repaying the labors of the husbandman with
abundant harvests, are now in the possession of
the Indians—the houses burnt, the fields desolate.
The eighty thousand people of the Territory are
scattered along the coast, from the mouth of
Columbia river to the southern boundary, on both
sides of the Cascade mountains.
Mr. BOYCE. How many warriors Can these
hostile Indians bring into the field?
Mr. LANE. I am glad that I am asked the
question. In my remarks, published in Satur-
day 's Globe, I am made by a misprint to say, that
the number is twenty-nine thousand. I meant to
say that it was twenty thousand. There are fully
that number in Oregon and Washington. They
are not all at war with us, and wc are thankful
that they arc not. If they were united, they
could sweep off the entire settlements. A portion
of them aie friendly to us. It is the purpose of
this appropnation to preserve their friendly feel-
ings, and to secure amicable relations with such
otheis as may not have joined the war parties.
One word more, and 1 have done. My friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Ready] read an account of
a massacre which is said to have been perpetrated
by the whites. Now, one word of explanation
of that occurrence. In 1853 a general war broke
out between the Rogue river Indians and the
whites. That was broughton by the Indians. I
recollect that, on receiving the news, I mounted
my horse and joined the troops, and on the 2-lth
of the month of August we fought the last battle
that wc had during that war. in that battle my
friend, Captain Aiden, while leading his men to
the charge with that impetuous valor, so charac-
teristic of the American soldier, fell, severely but
! not moitally, wounded. It is due to Captain
1 Aldcn to say (and I cannot permit this oppor-
tunity to pass without bearing my humble testi-
mony to his merits) that, though educated at West
Point, he combines in the highest degree the
qualities which distinguish the American "citi-
zen soldier" fiom the military automatons, the
" fighting machines" of this and all other nations.
Brave without rashness, accomplished, athorou£?h
master of tactics, as taught m the schools, he has
sufficient talen? not to be trammeled by the anti-
quated ideas embodied in the moldy volumes
which plodding dullness and octogenarian imbe-
cility are- wont to consult, as containing all the
mysteries of the military art. In addition to these
qualities, his warmth of heart and ever genial
flow of spirits endear him to his soldiers, as his
valor and conduct inspire them with confidence
in him as a leader. 1 rejoice that to the aggregate
of mischief done by the Indians in Oregon they
have not added that of destroying the life of this
brave and valuable officer.
But to proceed. The enemy asked,for a talk.
I entertained their application, and ordered the
talk; and the insult was, we made a peace. I
then disbandeenny troops for the purpose of pre-
venting further expense, which was every hour
accruing. In this I was sustained by the people,
who did not, and never have desired that troops
should continue under arms longer than was ab-
solutely necessary for the purposes-of defense
and protection. A few of the tribes would not
come in and make- peace, and they have been
making war upon the whites ever since. Last
summer they commenced hostilities against our
people as they were going to or returning from
California. Upon information of this outbreak
being received at Jacksonville, Major Lupton
raised a company, and proceeded to the scene of
trouble. He there found the bodies of the mur-
dered, and pursued the trail of the perpetrators to
their encampment on Butte Creek. These Indians
did not belong to that portion of the tribe who
had made peace. He found stolen property in their
hands. A fight ensued, in which the Major him-
self was killed, and many of the Indians were
slain. They were not peaceable, inoffensive peo-
ple, as has been stated by some of the reports put
in circulation, but a murdering, thieving set, who
were in the habit of waylaying on the road, and
robbing and killing, the unwary traveler.
The Indians who were placed upon the reserve
near Fort Lane were under thfr care of an agent
who had done all in his power to maintain friendly
relations, an'd was ably seconded by an able and
gallant officer of the Army, Captain A. J. Smith,
in command of the fort. A portion of these In-
dians have not since made war upon the whites,
and have not joined the war party. The bands
which did not come into the peace terms have
been waging war ever since, and Major Lupton
was right in punishing them. That was no just
cause of war.
Now, lot me give you an idea of the character
of these Indians, their mode of warfare, and their
ability to cope with our forces. Soon after the
massacre of our people, on the 8th or 9th of Oc-
tober, Captain A. J. Smith, of the army, attacked
the Indians in their position, with about three
hundred, and fifty men. The Indians had about
the same number. He fought them from daylight
until dark, but he was not able to dislodge them;
and at last was obliged to fall back, leaving them
in their position; and the same Indians, with rein-
forcements from other bands, have since attacked
the settlements and destroyed many families; and
they will continue to do so until they are met with
a sufficient force to subdue them. That is the only
way to secure peace with the Indians.
i will here read, for the information of the
House, an extract from the New York Tribune,
presenting a graphic, but truthful, sketch of the
condition of things existing in a portion of Ore-
gon; and I will ask the apologists of General
Wool, after reading this, whether a state of war
exists m the Territory, whether it was provoked
by the aggressions of the whites, and what plea
they can offer in defense of the conduct of Gen-
eral Wool in leaving the Territory a prey to
Indian rapacity and outrage? Understand me,
sir, I am not the accuser of General Wool. The
people of Oregon are his accusers. I will not
say that he stands in the attitude of Hastings,
when accused by the people of India of oppres-
sion and corruption m office; but I will say that
he stands arraigned before the great tribunal of
public opinion; and, as one who was once his
comrade in arms, one who followed where he
led, I sincerely hope that no severer verdict may
be pronounce'd against him than that he has
committed an error of judgment-. Buthere is the
extract:
'• Yc^teuVty (Sunday) moraine we were favored with
the pt.-rus.:l of a letter written by Robert Smith, a settler
up the coast, to Mr. Milter, living m the neighborhood of
Whale-head, informing the latter that on the 92d February,
while William Hea&iy and Mr. Xolaa were driving some
I horse:- toward Rogue ri^r, two shot's were fired at them by
