1856. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
709
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
a formidable blockade ? No, sir, it cannot be.
Then, if you desire to do justice, and to satisfy
the people that such is yonr purpose, the first
thing- for you to do is to commit this act to men
against whose int^rity and justice and fairness
there is not in the minds of large portions of the
country so much suspicion. If this bill is to pass,
why not put off its execution to the incoming j
Administration? Do a majority of this body !
believe that the distinguished citizen of Pennsyl-
vania will be at the head of affairs ? If they believe
so, let them manifest the sincerity of that belief
by devolving on him the high^irerogative which
this bill will then give him, of restoring peace to (
a distracted country. Upon what other field
could he gain such laurels ? What wreath could
his friends bind around his brow that would do
bo much honor to him, and to them, as to let him
eingalize the first year of his Administration by
giving peace to the country, and quiet to this
Territory ?
Mr. WELLER. "What are you going to do
in the meanwhile ?
Mr. HALE. I shall come to that presently.
I do not believe Mr. Buchanan is to be the man.
Mr. WELLER. I am sure he will be.
Mr. B1GLER. I concur in the opinion of the
Senator from California.
*Mr. HALE. Very well, sir, we shall see. .
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The successful candi-
date may be another gentleman.
Mr. HALE I shall not go into that question;
but it is as well to have it understood that there
are different sentiments on that score. I do not
think it will excite any sectional strife to let that
be known. It seems to me that the first step to
be taken is that which I have suggested.
As I have already stated two serious difficulties
which exist in my mind to this part of the bill,
I shall not, at this time, trespass on the patience
of the Senate; for I know that the Senator from
Illinois, who has the bill under his management,
is desirous to have a -vote, and does not wish
speeches longer than are pertinent to the question
before the Senate. If tnis amendment prevails,
I shall be prepared to follow it up with others
carrying out its object. I have one or two other
amendments, which I intend to propose to the
•bill if a disposition be indicated on the part of the
Senate to listen to them. As I am up, I will speak
very briefly to these.
I shall propose to strike out the third section
of the eleventh chapter of the Kansas acts, which
has been commented on by the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware, which provides that—
" Every person obtaining a license shall take an oath or
affirmation to support the Constitution ot the United States,
and to support and sustain the provisions of an act entitled
an act to organize the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska,
and the provisions of an act commonly known as the fugi-
tive slave law."
I shall move to strike this out, because I believe
it is unconstitutional and unjust, and strikes at
the very foundation of liberty, by crippling the
hands of those who might be disposed to act as
"* counsel for persons indicted under these acts. Then
I shall move to amend the bill further, by strik-
ingout sections twelve and thirteen, in chapter 151,
entitled"An act to punish offenses against slave
property," by which it is made a penal offense,
punishable by imprisonment in the penitentiary,
to deny the right to hold slaves in the Territory,
and by which also everybody who entertains sen-
timents adverse to the principles of that act is
prohibited from sitting on a jury. Having indi-
cated these amendments, I rest at present on my
motion to strikeout" the 4th of July, 1856," and
insert " the 4th of July," 1857.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President and Senators,
it was not at first my purpose to add anything
to the observations which I made when I gave
notice of the bill which is substantially the one
now before the Senate. I have never been under
the necessity of making one speech to explain
another. Though that was brief, it told plainly
what I wanted, what I meant to do, and how I
intended to do it. At the same time, I declared
my willingness to accept suggestions from those
"who agreed with me, so as to do tfiese things in
the most effectual manner. With that view, I
accepted with pleasure the few amendments to
the bill proposed by the Committee on Territories,
New Series—No. 49.
and was obliged to them for correcting my own !
errors in matters of detail with which they were
much better acquainted than myself. Nor, sir,
would the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] have altered my determ-
ination but for its being seconded by the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward,] accompanied
with the assignment of reasons so untenable and
extraordinary for his position.
The Senator from New York, in a speech de-
livered some two months since, after recounting
the various grievances of the people of Kansas,
([which had no other foundation than his own
imagination, and the unreliable sources from
which he usually derives his information, sus-
tained not by proof but by intrepid assertions,)
called upon the Senate, and upon the country, to
give peace to Kansas by introducing her as a
State, with the Topeka constitution. The foun-
dation upon which he offered that constitution to
the acceptance of the Senate and the country
was that it was the voice of Kansas, the will of
her bona fide inhabitants. He assumed, enlarged
upon it, and proclaimed it to the civilized world
as a fact, that the voice of Kansas was smothered
by invasion, that her true people were overrun
and conquered by aliens, that their ballot-boxes
were seized, and their liberties were trampled un-
der foot by foreigners, and he demanded that you
should give justice to Kansas by allowing' her
people to make their own institutions. When
he made that demand, though I admitted none of
his assertions to be true—though I denied the
truth of every single fact upon which he based
his demand, I thought I saw in his demand a
basis for a speedy and satisfactory adjustment of
this question if he were sincere in his demand.
I had again and again avowed my purpose to
allow the people of Kansas the right to make
their own domestic institutions, under the organic
law and the Constitution. I stood pledged to
that policy as a public man—a pledge wnich I
have again and again at this session, and at pre-
vious sessions, reiterated my readiness to re-
deem.
Then there was a common point of agreement
between us. It was not upon past grievances;
for there we differed. It was not upon his alle-
gation of frauds or injuries inflicted on the inhab-
itants; for those I denied to the extent stated by
him and his friends. But we agreed that the peo-
ple of Kansas should legislate for themselves,
without the intervention of force, fear, or fraud.
We had but one point to settle—what was the
will of Kansas ? That Senator asserted that the
Topeka constitution was the true exponent of
that popular will, and as such he demanded its
acceptance. He put it to the Senate, the coun-
try, and the civilized world that such was the
fact. I did not think he believed it; I do not
think so now; but I determined to meet him fairly
on that issue, to test the sincerity of these dec-
larations. I was willing to give down-trodden
Kansas, if she be down-trodden, a right to make
her own institutions under the Constitution, ac-
cording to her own will. This is the principle
upon which I supported the Kansas-Nebraska
bill. I stood upon it in no fraudulent or double
sense, but as an honest man ready to maintain it
in the Senate and before the country at any time
and all times. I determined to give peace to the
country, if this would do it. ft was in affirm-
ance and not in derogation of the principles advo-
cated by the friends of the original Kansas bill.
I only required one fact to be established: Is the
Topeka constitution the voice of Kansas? This
is the only question I asked; this is the sole de-
mand I made; this is the sole difference between
my proposition and that proposed by the Senator
from New York. I did not believe he wanted
any settlement of this question, and he has since
satisfied me abundantly of the truth of that belief.
I believe he wanted grievances; I believe he
wanted discord; I believe he wanted anything but
peace; I believe he wanted nothing but revolu-
tion, ora state of things sufficiently near it as to
give power to his party, I will offer the evi-
dence of this belief to the Senate and country.
He and his associates told us this same story,
with all its variations—the Pree-Soilers, the Ab-
olitionists, the two Senators from New York, i
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] and I
others repeated it. I believe the Senator from
Vermont went so far as to suppose that nineteen
twentieths, or some other largo number, of the
Kansas population were all on one side. He told
us, in his report, that Kansas was down-trodden;
that the laws made by the Legislature were not
the laws of Kansas, but were made by represent-
atives of Missouri; that the majority of the people
of Kansas abhorred them; that they were im-
posed on them by force and by fraud.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is the gentleman alluding
to me?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir. In the Senator's
speech he said the 'laws were against the will of
tn£  rpnl
Mr. COLLAMER. I said—and I produced
my proof by reference to the returns—that the
Legislature was elected by Missouri votes.
Mr. TOQMBS. And did not represent the
will of the people of the Territory ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is what I stated.
Mr. COLLAMER. I meant simply that a
large majority of the votes which created the Le-
gislature were cast by people from Missouri.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is what I stated to be
the gentleman's position. Then I am not mista-
ken in asserting that that Senator set forth before
the country, in an elaborate report, the position
that the present government of Kansas was
against the will of the people of Kansas; that a
large majority of those people were opposed to
the laws enacted by the Legislature; that a ma-
jority wanted the Topeka constitution; that the
majority had been invaded, overridden, trampled
underfoot,ravished, plundered, imprisoned, mur-
dered, as we have heard to-day. I did not believe
a word of all this. I did not think those who
said them believed them. I intended to apply a
test to them which would show whether those
Senators would"act as all reasonable men would,
who believed their statements; or whether I was
sustained in my opinion, of their objects, views,
and purposes. I submit that point to the Amer-
ican people and the world. The Senator from
Massachusetts, now absent from his seat, [Mr.
Sumner,] told very much the same story. He
spoke of down-trodden Kansas, overridden Kan-
sas, plundered Kansas. He told us that her
people had, by a foreign invasion, been deprived
of the right which had been promised them, ot
being allowed to select their own institutions for
themselves. However variously ramified, en-
larged, painted, or bedaubed, this was the basis,
the corner-stone, upon which was built all of
their pretended grievances—all of their frantic
agonies.
If these things were true, they demanded re-
dress; but the facts being controverted, the first
step towards any just measure of redress would
be to ascertain the facts—to learn the truth, and
then to act upon it—to act promptly, efficiently.
The measure which I proposed was founded on
that principle. I sought to ascertain the facts in
the best possible mode that my own mind could
suggest, to the end, that if these alleged wrongs
were true, to remove them; and if they were not
true, to demonstrate it to the thousands of honest
men in the Republic who have been deceived and
deluded by falsehoods concocted in the Territory,
and daily transmitted to the public through con-
gressional speeches and reports, in order to conceal
the base metal under the cover of official sanction.
I came forward to offer it, not in a spirit of
compromise, as I said to the Senator from New
York, but in vindication of a principle. I offered
it on principles which have been affirmed by the
great body of American people. I did not expect
to satisfy bad men on any side. When, four
| years ago, the present Chief Magistrate was
I elected—and 1 believe most of these gentlemen
i voted for him, or his prominent opponent, Gen-
; eral Scott—the people of the United States, with
' singular unanimity, declared it to be a sound fun-
damental principle that, when the people of a Ter-
ritory came to be admitted into tne Union, they
should be admitted with or without slavery, as
the bonaJiie inhabitants should determine. This
i was affirmed at Baltimore by the Democratic and
Whig parties; it was affirmed by nineteen-twen-
tieths of the American people. Then, without
going into controverted questions, as these gen-
