THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 2, 1856.
New Series....No.-95;:
But, sir, to illustrate: without going into a dis-
cussion of the question, how far a citizen may
be compelled to acquiesce in the wrongs of the
world, that invade the law of God and defy the
thunder of Jehovah, my country has for years
been bound by treaties not to interfere in certain
matters where other nations saw lit to walk in
the way of wickedness. *
Sir, why did not the venerable gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Giddings] raise his voice, and rouse
this whole nation to interfere against the shocking
cruelties, barbarities, and murders, which for
years have been carried on in the East by the
feritish arms? Why was his voice silent when
Grreat Britain, at the point of the bayonet, com-
pelled. Asia to indulge in the debasing and destroy-
ing: influence of opium?
There are some things that the laws of God,
on account of the peculiar relations that I hear
to others, enjoin me to be silent about; and that
;s precisely true in the easel put the other day,
to which the gentleman from Ohio and the gen-
tleman from Georgia take exception, in regard
to a partition of Texas into additional States,
when she shall be so entitled accoiding lo the
resolutions of annexation. The right of Texas
to have such partition is a closed question. It
rests upon solemn compact; it binds the highest
■and the lowest in the country, involving no ques-
tion of morality, or of slavery extension or pro-
hibition; and I have no right to interfere in that
regard, under existing circumstances, further than
I would have had to invoke a violation of our
neutrality obligations, because of the misconduct
on the part of that Government i have mentioned.
But these are theological questions, and I will
not pursue them Let the doctors settle all such
controversies.
Let that all pass. I aim at something practical.
I want to still the voice of strife in this land. I
want to secure what is just and right upon this
question, and to that point I shall march steadily
and uncompromisingly forward. To that end I
offer what I send to the Clerk's desk, as an amend-
ment to the instructions of the gentleman from
Georgia, as an additional.section.
The amendment was read, as follows:
And be it further enactcd, TJiat  o much of tiie 14th sec-
tion and of the 3'2d section of the act passed at tbc thst ses-
sion of the Thiitv-Thiid Congie^, commonly called the
Kan.-'a? and JMcbtaska act. as ioad-5 as ioilows: "Except
the tth section oi the act preparatory to tn<* adim>-ion of
Mifsotm into the Union, appioved March 6, l&JO, winch,
beam inconsistent with the pnaciple ui uoiwnteivenuon
Uy CoiiffAi'sS Willi slavery m tl^ SVite-, and Teiritr.ii.>, as
recognized by the legislation of ItCi), commonly calk-d the
compromise measures, is heieby declared mop nthve and
void; it being the tiue intent and meaning of tins act not to
Irgis-Iale j-ld\ei\ into unv Stale or Tciniur). ot lo exclude
it theietrom, hut to loave tht> people thoicol peifectly fiee
to form and regulate then domestic institutions in their own
way, subject only to the Constitution ot the United States :
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed
to revive or put 111 force any iaw or regulation which may
have existed prior to the act ofotb Match, J&20, either pro-
tecting, establishing, piohibitmg. or abolishing slavery,"' he,
and the same iaj hereby, repealed, provided that any per-
son orpetbons Uwtully'heid to *eivice within cither of the
Terntoiies named in &aid act shall be discharged fiom such
seivice, if they shall not be removed and kept out of s"ud
Temtories within twelve months hom the passage of this
act.
Mr. DUNN. I will just remark that I have
submitted this as an amendment UMhe proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia, winch is
entirely silent as regaids the question of slavery.
I have offered it in view of what may transpire
hereafter. I wish to restore the state of things
on this subject, as they were prior to the passage
of the Kansas and Nebraska bill. I have, there-
fore, copied identically, in my amendment, the
words which gave rise to all this difficulty. This
amendment is far short of all which m my judg-
ment is required to perfect either of the pending
propositions; but I desire to go as far as 1 have
power, under the rcsuictions which, I fear, are to
be imposed, to calm the heaving waves of popular
excitement, and restore freedom to her rights.
Mr. GROW. I call for the previous question.
I hope that the call for the previous question will
be sustained, and that the House will then adjourn
until Monday.
' 95
Mr. DUNN. What will be the effect, if the
call for the previous question be sustained ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
questions as they are before the House. The
first proposition submitted is the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] to
recommit the bill to the Committee on Territories;
pending which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
JDunn] moved that the bill be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
moved to amend the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana by adding instructions. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Dlnn] uiovtdas an amendment
to the amendment to add an additional section,
v/hich has been read to the House. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania calls for the previous
question. If the main question be ordered to be
put, the first rote will be on the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana to the amendment;
then on the instructions of the gentleman from
Georgia; then on the motion to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and, if that motion be negatived, then on
the motion to recommit.
Mr. WALKER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the Chair will answer
me'one question. Suppose the gentleman from
Pennsylvania withdraws his call for the previous
question, will it be in order then to move to amend
the bill?
The SPEAKER. It will not; a motion to re-
commit precludes amendment.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to make a remark,
by way of appeal to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. There has betii only one argument
made for this side this morning. The gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Evans] stopped before he
reached the middle of his speech. There lias
been more speeches made on the side of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania than on this, and he
will have the right to make the concluding speech.
Mr. GROW. Two gentlemen have occupied
the floor on either side to-day. That is all; and
that is fair. I insist on the call for the previous
question.
Mr. WALKER. And I insist on my motion
to adjourn. I call for the yeas and nays on that
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and Mr. Walker's
motion was decided in the negative—yeas 77,
nays IIS; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, IlcndSey S. Bennett,
Eocock, Bowie. I3o\co, Kianch, Bi00k<. Dmnett, John P.
Campbell, C'ariile, Caruthers. Ca-.kie, Clininnan. Iloweil
Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb. Cox. Cia-ge. Crawsoid,
Denver, iJowdeli, i)unn. Ednmnd-on, Elliott. Ethendge,
Eu-tis, Florence, Thomas J D. Fuller, Goodc. Greenwood,
Au ustu^ Hall. Sampson \V. llaui?., Hanwm, Iloibcit,
Jewett, (ieoigp W. .fone-5,.1. Ghmey.fonc-, Kelly. Kennett,
Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, LurupXm, MaxweP, IUcMu!Hn,
McQueen, Smith Miller, lUilison, Paine, Peek. Phelps,
Porter, Powell, Puiyear, Ouitmun, Ready, RichaiJ-^on,
Ruffin, Ru<t, Samhdge, Seward, ^hoiter. Suocd, Stephen^
tfwopc, Taylor. Tnppe, Und^iwooih W;uk<-;., Wann'i,
W.itkn.s, Wheeler, V/hituev, \Vi!b un>, Window, Daniel
B. Wsurht, and John V Wnaht—77.
NAYti—Messjs. Alhn;ht, Alien, Alteon. Ball, Barbour,
i3aiclav, Iienry Bennett, Ben-.on, Ihl!i<igiiui-.t, Bingham,
Bishop", Jib?,-., Bunk-haw, Bronton, Broom. CufRnton, Bur
h.iiiame, Jame« H. Campbell,LewisD.Campbell, Ohaftee,
Bayard Clatke, Itara Clark, dawson, Collar, Co-mits,
Cra^m. Cumback, Uamicil, Davidson. Timotlu Davi<,
Dean, Do WitE, D'^k, Oi<'k^on, Dodd, De^vc. ICtu'*. K«l-
waid>, Eim le, Fkuher, Giddmirs, Gilbert, Grnnscr, Giow.
Robert B. Hall. Haihn, .1. Moiii.-'on Hani--. Haven. Hick-
man. Oollonay. TIkuims it. Ilot'on, Valentine B. Honon,
Iloward, Hiiu-hVto.u Kent. Kelsey, Kuisr, ICnapp, Kuight,
KuowJton, Knox, Kimkel, Len-r. Humphrey Mnis'nai!,
Samuel S Ma^liall, Mitre-on. Mct^arty. Meaeham. Kiliiau
Miller, Mdhvr.rJ, \f')«ie, JMoig.ui. Moinll, Mnriiiy, Nichol-
Noiton, Andrew Onver, Orr, i'ackei, Parker, Pelton, Pen-
nmstotu Periv, Pettit, Pike, Pi male, Rivers, Roblnas,
Roberts, Robi"-.on, Sabm.  Saj/e, vSapp, Seott, SlKnn.-in,
Simmon®, Wnh.un Smith, Spinnei, Stanto:;, Stewan,
Ptianahan. Talbott. Tappan,T!.onn^tou; Tiuu.-ton. Todd,
Tra^on, Wade, Wakcman. Walbiidire.' Woldron, E[lihu
B. \Vashbumy, J?taol Wu^hbuin, Watson, Welch, Wood,
Woodi uti, and'Woodvvoitit—118.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. UNDERWOOD stated that his colleague,
Mr. A. K. Marshall, had paired off with Mr.
Mace, of Indiana.
Mr. STEPHENS stated that he had paired .off
with Mr.-Dickson. '
Mr. ^VALKER. I move that the bill laid
on the table; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CRAWFORD. * I move that the Hou?e
do now adjourn; and.on that motion I den^arid
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. .
Mi*. SEWAP^D. I understand that, after the
main question is ordered to be put, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will himself move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. WALKER. I want to have an opportu-
nity to speak to the bill.
The question was taken; and the motion to
adjourn was disagreed to.
Mr. WALKER called for tellers on the mo-
tion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. H. MARSHALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas afld nays have
been refused.
Tellers were or%red; and Messrs. Walker
and Kunkel were appointed.
The question was taken; and the motion to lay
on the table was disagreed to, the tellers having
reported—ayes 70, noes 101.
Mr. BOY'CE, (at twenty-five minutes past four
o'clock.) I move an adjournment.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sandidge
and Tappan were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 98, noes 63.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. CARLILE. I would inquire of the Chair,
if we were to adjourn now-, would not the first
question in order on Monday be on ordering the
main question to be put?
The SPEAKER. If the House should ad-
journ without ordering the main question to be
put, other business miaht interfere.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. There is practically
no difference between the position of this matter
now and that which it will occupy after the main
question shall have been ordered to be put. I
therefore trust that gentlemen will allow the main
question to be ordered, and then we can adjourn.
The question was taken; and the main ques-
tion was ordered to be put.
And then, on motion of Mr. GROW,.(at half
past four o'clock, p. m.,) the Houae adjourned
until Monday next, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 30, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD piescnted a petition of inhab-
itants of the town of Collins, "New York, praying
j that the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
: may be Jiereafter applied to the emancipation of
I the slave population of the United States; which
i was ordered to lie on the table.
! Also, a petition of citizens of Chatauque county,
; New York, praying for the adoption of measures
| for the construction of a railroad to the Pacific
I ocean; winch was ordered to lie on the table.
f He also presented additional papers in support
• of the claim of Lewis W. Ludlow, for additional
| compensation for services as a mail contractor;
j which were referred to the Committee on the Post
; Office and Post Roads.
i He also presented a petition of M. R. Talbot,
i in behalf of himself and other chaplains in tho
I Navy, praying that a rank may be assigned by
