1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
From Austin, via up the west bank of the Col-
orado, to Burn's ford, from thence by Mormon
Hill, to Hamilton.
From Nacogdoches, by Rainbalt's, Caledonia,
and Walnut, Hill, to Carthage, in Panola county.
From Austin, via Burleson, to Gatesville. -
From Fort Belknap to Preston.
From Liberty Hill to Lampogas.
From Sabine Pass, via Beaumont and Jasper,
to San Augustine.
From Austin to Benleson.
From Fredericksburg to Austin.
From San Augustine, via Carthage and Brew-
ster'.'? Bluff, to Marshall's.
From La Grange, in Fayette county, to Gal-
veston, via Richmond.
From Austin to Gatesville, Coyell county.
From Huntsville, via Madisonville, Leona,
Centreville, Fairfield, and Corxcanica, to Waxa-
hatchie.
From Tyler, by Hamburg, Brownsboro,
Athens, Buffalo, Taos, to Waxahatchie.
From Anderson, via Kellene's Springs, Lee,
Washbindee's, Wilson's Store, and Hanson's,
to Fail field.
From Alto to Sumpter.
From Cedar City, via Harmon's, Pine Valley,
to Santa Clora.
From Paris, by Wright's Ferry, on Red River,
Lackfatch, Eaglestown, Pytchlin's, Powell's,
Harris's Mill, and Sterritt's, to Hot Springs, in
Arkansas.
utah.
From Cedar City, via Harmony, Pine Valley,
to Santa Clara.
virginia
From Morgantown, via Woffington, Clinton,
Furnace,'and Gladesville,to Kingwood.
From Central Plains to Seven Islands, in the
comity of Fluvanna.
From Boggsville, via Spring Creek, to Run-
ning Spring. •
From West Milford, via New Milton, to Ox-
ford.
From Goshen Bridge, Alum Springs, to Cow-
pasture Bridge-.
From Rock creek, via Mouth Gillut creek, Lit-
tle Halfs creek, and Chearfield fork of Sandy
river, to Lazwell Court-House.
From near Coleman's Store, Jameson county,
via Pond and Luckery creeks, to West Court-
House.
From Penn's Boro to North Bend.
From MidtHebourne, via mouth Elk Fork
creek and Cavis's school-house, to New Martins-
ville.
From Jackson Court-House, via Elk fork of
Mill creek, to Walton.
From Langley, via Lewingville, to Fairfield
Court-House.
From Sweet Spring to Stephen Hook's.
From Blount's store to Sinking creek.
From Central Depot on Virginia and Fred-
ericksburg Railroad to Laurel Fork.
From Madesin, in Rockingham county, North
Carolina, via Smith's store, and Smith & Moore's
store, in Henry county, Virginia, to Horse Pas-
ture store, in the same county;
From Martinsville, via Fraylorsville and Coun-
ty Lino Mills, thence by Magis store and Spa
Brook Station, to Patrick Court-House.
From Elamsville, via Mr. Griffin's store
and Robert Saunder's, to Rocky Mount, in
Franklin county.
From Martinsville, via Rough and Ready Mills
and Palamans, to Mr. Griffin's store, in Frank-
lin county. *
From Leatherwood's store, in Henry county,
by Elger's store, to Shady Grove, in Franklin
county.
From Nevis Ferry, on the Richmond and
Danville railroad, via Pcytonsburg and Raceville,
to Chalk Level, m Pittsylvania.
From Appomatox Depot, on the South Side
railroad, via Oakvillc and Panky and Gray's
store, to Berk Creek.
From Central Plains to Seven Islands, Flu-
vanna county. _
From Amherst Court-House, via Pedler Mills,
to Big Island, Bedford county.
From Jettersville, in Amelia county, to Cum-
berland Court-House.
From Chapmansville, Logan county, by Mrs.
Toney's and. Twelve Miles creek, to Wayne
Court-House.
From Central Depot^irginia and Tennessee
railroad, Montgomery county," Virginia, via
Grayson's Mills, to Indian creek, Floyd county,
Virginia.
vermont.
From Lynden Corner to Island Pond.
wisconsin.
From Sparta C. H., by Burr Oak, Los Ange-
los, Galesville, to Monteville, on the Mississippi.
From Mineral Point, by Linden, Constance,
Highland, Tulaskee, Miscada, and Orion, to
Richland Centre.
From Burlington, in the county of Racine, by
the way of Vienna, Honey Creek, East Troy,
and Troy Center, in the county of Waurester.
From Port Andrew, via Spencer, Petersburg,
and Langdon's, to Lynxville.
From Ontonagon to Superior.
From Heudson, via River Falls, Forestville,
Seely's, to North Pepin.
From River Falls, in Pierce county, to Brook-
ville, in St. Croix county.
From Mineral Point to Orion and Richland
Centre.
From Labrosse, in Jarget, Lake Hokah, San
Jacinto, Houston, Rushford, Chatfield, High
Forest, to Mankata, Minnesota Territory.
From Unleith, (Illinois,) via Potosi, to Lan-
caster, Wisconsin.
From Hayle Green, via Meeker's, North Elk
Grove, and Bethel, to Cottage Inn.
From Wingville, via Sylvester and Knowlton's
Mill, Bascobel, Manhatton, Marietta, Lowers-
ville, to Vieroguar.
From Newport, via Plainville Point, Bluff
Gluincy, Strong's Prairie, Grand Rapids, ftnd
Plover Portage, to Stevens's Point.
From Hudson to St. Paul.
From Hudson, via River Falls and Rush
River, to North Pepin.
From Hudson to Prestcott, (increase,) Prairie
du Chien to Stillwater, (do.)
From Prairie du Chien, by Johnson's Landing
and Waukon, Iowa, to Elliotta, Minnesota Ter-
ritory."-
From Kenamee to Sturgeon Bay.
From Green Bay to Wausau.
From Columbus, via Waterloo, to Jefferson.
From WaupaccaviaSecundinavia.to Stevens's
Point.
From Wyocena, via Pardueville, to Montillo.
From Warsaw to Bayfield.
From Bayfield to Superior.
From Falls of St. Croix to Bayfield, Minne-
sota.
From Berlin, in Marquette county, to Stevens's
Point, in Portage county.
washington territory.
From Cowlitta Landing to Boice Fort Prairie.
From Pacific City to Olympia, via Osterville
and Braceport.
From Cathlampt to Olympia. _
From Oakpoint to Mount Prairie.
From Olympia to Fort Montgomery, via Na-
than Eaton's and Lelm Prairie.
From Steilacoom to Fort Walla Walla, via
Military Road.
From Steilacoom to Seattle;
Approved, August 18, 1856.
PUBLIC RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—A Resolution for the Appointment of
Regents to fill the Vacancies in the Board of
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the vacancies m the Board of
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, of the
class " other than members of Congress," occa-
sioned by the resignation of Rufus Choate, and
the death of John McPherson Berrien, be filled
by the appointment of George E. Badger, of North
Carolina, and Cornelius C. Felton, of Massachu-
setts.
Approved, February 27, 1856.
No. 2.—A Resolution to supply-^ Deficiency in
the Appropriations for Printing for the second
Session of the Thirty-Third Congress.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to apply
so much as may be necessary of the appropria-
tions for the printing and paper of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress to the deficiencies for the same
purposes, ordered at the second session of the
Thirty-Third Congress.
Approved, February 2™ 1856.
No. 3.—A Resolution providing for the final Ad-
justment of certain Cases of Appeal from
Decisions made by the Auditor of the Treasury
for the Post Office Department,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in every case of account or claim
not finally adjusted, upon which the present First
Comptroller of the Treasury, as Auditor of the
Treasury for the Post Office Department may
have decided, which may have been thereafter
reexamined by an auditor ill said office on new
testimony and dfeeidedbyhim on such testimony,
and from whose decision an appeal has been taken
to the present First Comptroller of the Treasury,
it shall be the duty of the Second Comptroller of
the Treasury and the Commissioner of Customs
finally to adjust the same, and in case of disagree-
ment between the said Second Comptroller and
Commissioner of Customs, the decision of the
Attorney General shall be as final as the decision
of the First Comptroller would be, if he had acted
under the eighth section of the act of July second,
eighteen hundred and thirty-six, concerning the
organization of the Post Office Department.
Approved, March 13, 1856.
No. 4.—Joint Resolution for enlarging the Cus-
tom-House, Post Office, and Court-House at
Buffalo, New York.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to extend the build-
ing now in process of constructional Buffalo, for
a custom-house, post office, court-rooms, &c., not
exceeding twenty-five feet in length, and erect
proper vaults therein, if in his discretion the Pub-
lic interest requires the same: Provided, That
such extension can be completed at an expense
not exceeding thirty-three thousand dollars, in-
cluding ten per cent, for contingencies, which
sum, or so much thereof as shall be necessary,
is hereby appropriated out of any money remain-
ing in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated:
Anil provided further, That no money shall be paid
under this joint resolution until the Secretary of
the Treasury shall contract for the completion of
said building so extended, at a cost within the
sum heretofore and hereby appropriated.
Approved, April 5, 1856.
No. 5.—Joint Resolution relating ta the Public
Lands appertaining to the Springfield and Har-
per's Ferry Armories, and the North Carolina
Arsenal.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized to exchange and convey the
unoccupied lands and appurtenances belonging to
the United States, known as the lower water
shops, at the Springfield armory, in the State of
Massachusetts, for such other lands contiguous
to the lands attached to said armory upon the hill
at Springfield, as he may deem necessary and
proper for the improvement and convenience of
said armory, or in his discretion to sell the said
tract known as the lower workshops and appur-
tenances, and to invest the proceeds of the same,
or such part thereof as may be required, in the
purchase of such lots or lands contiguous to the
said armory on the hill, as he may deem suitable
and proper. For this purpose, he is hereby au-
thorized to convey the title of the United States
to the lands and appurtenances hereby authorized
to be sold and conveyed, and to receive from
