46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
haws of the United States.
individuals or corporate proprietors, deeds and
titles to the lands so exchanged, sold, or pur-
chased.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the Sec-
retary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized
to apply so much of the proceeds of the recent
sale of land and lots at Harper's Ferry, as he
may deem advisable, to the purchase of such
other lots at that place, as he may deem neces-
sary to the safety and convenience of the public
buildings belonging to the United States, and that
he apply the residue of the proceeds of said sales
to the improvement of the property retained by
the United States.
Sec. 3. And, be. it further resolved, That the Sec-
retary of War be also authorized to make sale of
such portion of the site of the United States arse-
nal at Fayetteville, North Carolina, as in his
judgment is not required for public purposes, and
apply the proceeds of such sale, or so much as
may be necessary, to the purchase of such addi-
tional land for the use of said arsenal, as he may
deem necessary. He is, for this purpose, author-
ized to convey the title of the United States for
the lands which he may sell, to the purchaser,
and to receive proper deeds and titles for the lands
which may be purchased by him, as aforesaid.
Approved, April 23, 1856.
No. 6.—Joint Resolution for enlarging the Cus-
tom-House, Post Office, and Court-House, at
Cleveland, Ohio.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and lie is hereby, authorised to cause the build-
ing provided by law to be constructed at Cleve-
land, in the State of Ohio, for a custom-house,
post office, and court-house, to be increased in
length over the plan heretofore adopted for that
purpose, not to exceed twenty-five feet, and to
modify and enlarge said plan so as to adapt the
same to such increased length, if, in the opinion
of the Secretary, the public convenience shall
require such modification: Provided, That such
extension and modification can be accomplished
at an expense not exceeding thirty thousand dol-
lars, ana a sum not exceeding ten per cent, on
the said last mentioned sum for superintendence
and contingencies; which sums, or so much
thereof as shall be necessary, are hereby appro
grmted out of any money in the Treasury not
Otherwise appropriated: And provided further
That no money shall bo paid under this joint
resolution until the Secretary of the Treasuty
shall contract for the completion of said so ex
tended building at a cost within the sums hereto-
fore and hereby appropriated therefor.
Approved, May 9, 18f>fi.
No. 7.—Joint Resolution relating to the Appro-
priation for the Improvement of the llarbor at
Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
Whereas, by net of Congress entitled " An act
making appropriations for the improvement of
certain harbors and rivers," approved August
thirtieth,eighteen hundred and fifty-two, tin sum
of ten thousand dollais was appropriated for the
improvement of the harbor ot {Sheboygan, Wis-
consin; and whereas, the city and county of She-
boygan have, from time to tune, made appiopu-
ations for tine improvement of said harbor to the
amount of fifty thousand dollars, to be expended
by commissioners appointed by said Stare; and
whereas, it is desirable that said appropnations
should be expended under one direction: There-
fore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That after the Secretary of War shall
have settled and paid all just charges existing
against the said appropriation of ten thousand
dollars, the balance thereof, together with all
tools, implements, materials, and other property
whatsoever, belonging to the United States, and
used m improving the said harbor, shall be trans-
ferred and turned over by the said Secretary of
War to the commissioners for the improvement
of the said harbor, appointed by the State of Wis-
consin: Provided, That the said commissioners
ehall first give satisfactory security to the Secre-
tary of War for the faithful expenditure of the
money in the improvement of the said harbor.
Approved, May 12, 1856.
No. 8.—Joint Resolution for the Statistics of the
Coastwise Commerce to be included hereafter
in the Annual Reports of the Secretary of the
Treasury on Commerce and Navigation.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury , in
his annual reports on commerce and navigation
hereafter to be made to Congress, cause to be
stated the kinds, quantities, and value of the mer-
chandise entered and clcared coastwise into and
from the collection districts of the United States;
and the said Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to make all rules and orders necessary
to carry into effect the object of this resolution.
Approved, May 14, 1856.
No. 9.—Joint Resolution for enlarging the Cus-
tom-House, Post Office, and Court-House, at
Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized, to extend the build-
ing now in process of construction at Milwaukee,
for a custom-house, post office, court-rooms, &c.,
not exceeding twenty-five feet in length, and erect
proper vaults therein, if, in his discretion, the
public interest requires the same: Provided, That
such extension can be completed at an expense
not exceeding thirty-three thousand dollars, in-
cluding the ten percent, for contingencies; which
sum, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, is
hereby appropriated out of any money remaining
iy the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: And,
provided further, That no money shall be paid
under this joint resolution until the Secretary of
the Treasury shall contract for the completion of
said building so extended, at a cost within the
sum heretofore and hereby appropriated.
Approved, May 15, 3856.
No. 10.—A Resolution authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to modify the Plan of the Cus-
tom-House at Ellsworth, Maine.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and hereby is, authored to modify the plan of
the custom-house in process of construction at
Ellsworth, Maine, provided the increased ex-
pense by so doing shall not exceed the sum of
three thousand dollars. And said sum, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, is hereby ap-
propriated out of any money in the Treasury for
that purpose: Provided, That none of the money
hereby appropriated shall be used until the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has contracted for the
completion of the said work for the sums hereby
and heretofore appropriated.
Approved, August 1, 1856.
No. 11.—Joint Resolution extending the Time
for the Creditors of Texas to present their
claims.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That as, agreeably to the provisions
of the fourth section of the act of 2Sth February, :
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, " to provide for :
the payment of sneh creditors of the late Repnb- !
lie of Texas as are comprehended in the act of \
Congress of September nine, eighteen hundred i
and fifty," notice by public advertisement was
duly given for the space of ninety days, by the 1
Secretary of the Treasury, of the time at which ;
payments of the amount appropriated by the fifth ]
section of said act would be made prorata, on any j
bond, certificate, or evidence of debt of said ;
State, which should be presented at the Treasury i
Department thirty days preceding the thirteenth !
day of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, the !
limit of said notice; and as it is represented by ,
] the said Secretary of the Treasury", that of sai'd !
I bonds, certificates, and evidences of debt, which !
j have been recognized by the State of Texas, the j
1 same, equal to the sum of three hundred and I
eighty-nine thousand six hundred and ninety-
three dollars and seven cents were not presented
to the Treasury Department prior to the said
thirteenth of June: Therefore, in order to do full
justice to the holders of said debt, the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized to pay to the
holders of any of the said bonds, certificates, or
evidences of debt, not presented before the thir-
teenth day of June last, who may present and
prove the same at the Treasury Department be-
tween the thirteenth day of June last and the first
day of January next, and execute the proper re-
leases to the United States and the State of
Texas, their prorata share of the said seven mil-
lions seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars;
and after payment thereof, the said Secretary of
theTreasury is authorized and required to distrib-
ute and pay the residue of the said seven millions
seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars then re-
maining m the Treasury, prorata amongst all the
said holders who may have proved their claims
and executed the proper releases on or before the
first day of January next.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
No. 12.—Joint Resolution giving an increased
Compensation to all Laborers in the employ-
ment of the Executive and Legislative Depart-
ments of the Government l n the City of Wash-
ington.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That instead of the compensation now
allowed by law, there shall be one principal mes-
senger in each of the offices of the Secretaries of
State,Treasury, Interior, War, and Navy, Post-
master General and Attorney General, at an an-
nual salary of nine hundred dollars, and one
principal messenger in each of the bureaus of the
several Executive Departments, at an annual
salary of eight hundred and forty dollars each;
and all other messengers or assistant messengers
now authorized by law to be employed in said
Departments, shall receive an annual salary of
seven hundred dollars; and all laborers in the
employment of the Government, in the Execu-
tive Departments and on the public grounds, in
the city of Washington, shall receive an annual
salary of six hundred dollars each, from and
after the fir^tday of July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, and such sum, in addition to the appro-
priations otherwise provided, as maybe required
to pay the same, is hereby appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury nototherwise appro-
priated.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
PRIVATE ACTS.
No. 1.—An Act to authorize the issuing of a
Register to the Bark Monmouth.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be issued, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, a register
to the bark Monmouth, a Russian vessel, lately
called the St. Harlampy, which vessel was sold
to Daniel Draper and Son, of Boston, and Draper
and Devlin, of New York, to pay for expenses
and repairs incurred on her in the United States:
Provided, It shall be proved to the satisfaction of
said Secretary, that the cost of the repairs, put
upon said vessel in the United States, constitute
three fouiths of her present value.
Approved, February 20, 1856.
No. 2.—An Act authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to change the Name of the French-
built Brig Vigie to Minnie.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre~
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, authorized and directed to change
the name of the French-built brig Vigie, now-
owned by John Commins, of Charleston, South
Carolina, to that of Minnie, and to issue a regis-
ter in that name: Provided, It shall be proved to
the satisfaction of said Secretary, that the repairs
put upon said vessel in the United States shall
