780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
Do we know how the large sums voted last Con-
gress have been expended? We do know that
the commanding^ueral disapproves the general
operations sustained by these .appropriations.
The statements I quote "are not anonymous, or
from the newspapers, of which gentlemen have
complained, but are official, and to be found in
the executive documents before us. Ought we
not to take some little time to examine them more
closely?
If it is time, as we are told, that this state of
hostilities exists in those Territories, while I am
in favor of appropriating whatever amount of
money is necessary, and of taking whatever steps
are necessary for the protection of the citizens
there; yet I think itbccomcsus to take some little
time to examine into the full tenor of these official
reports, and learn the actual state of military oper-
ations there, that we may ascertain whether this
is really as they tell us, a war commenced and
kept up by disorderly whites for the extermina-
tion of the Indians; and that we may conjecture
what sort of use is to be made of the money we
vote. In this view, I now move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. LANE. I would be very much obliged to
the gentleman from Tennessee, if he would allow
me to make a short explanation before he makes
the motiort that the committee rise.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Certainly.
Mr. LANE. It will be recollected, that my
honorable friend from Tennessee called attention
to an extract, in which it is stated,^Riat some In-
dians who were taken prisoners by the troops
under the command of Kelly, were murdered by
these troops. Now, sir, I have the statement of
Kelly himself m reference to this matter in my
room, and it is in substance this : When, these
Indians had fallen into the hands of the volun-
teers, under the command of Kelly, he assured
them that they should be safe under his protection.
He hoped to make' use of them in enabling him
to get a talk with the chiefs of the warlike tribes
for the purpose of making a treaty with them.
They were provided for, took their rest and food
regularly with his troops under the care of a
guardjjlaced over them; but notwithstanding, they
once nearly succeeded in leading his command
into an ambuscade. Still they were protected
from violence, and were assured that they should
be unharmed until his force was attacked by an
overwhelming force of hostile Indians. They
were then told that they would be taken care of
by a guard left for that purpose, and would not
be molested. The battle commenced, but the
prisoners essayed to make their escape by knock-
ing down the guard placed over them. In this
state of things, with only half a dozen men to
guard them, as the only means of preventing their
escapc, they were shot down, every one of them,
by the guard. Now, I submit it to the House,
whether, under the circumstances, it was not
right to kill them ? They had beon kindly treated
throughout. They had been allowed their sleep
and their food regularly, and had been protected
from violence. Under the circumstances, to kill
them was the only means in the power of the few
men placed over them to prevent them from es-
caping, and from joining the hostile forces.
Now, sir, 1 will read to the House an extract
taken from the New York Tribune, relating to
this massacre of the whites :
"Yesterday (Sunday) morning we were, favored with
the perusal of a Inter written hy Robert Smith, a settler up
the eoabt, to Mr. Miller, living m the neighborhood of
Whaleshead, informing the latter thaton the 22d February,
while William HensJy and Mr. Nolan were driving some
horses toward llogue river, twnshots were tired at th<nn by
Pistol River Indians. Mr. Ilensly had two of his fingers
shot oft", besides receiving several buck-shot wounds in his
face. The horse* tell info the hands of the Indian^.
" The letter al.-^o contains a request to urge forward from
Crescent City any volunteers that may have been en-
listed.
"From F. IT. Pratt* Esq., a resilient at the mouth of
Rogue river, who arrived last night in the schooner Gold
Beach, we received the staitlmg news that the Indians in
that district have united with a party of the hosuie Indiana
above, and commenced a war of extermination against the
white settlers.
" The station at Big Bend, some fifteen miles up the river,
having bf'en abandoned several weeks previous, the Indians
made a sudden attack on Saturday morning, February 23d,
upon the farms about four miles above the mouth, wheie
some ten or twelve men of Captain Poland's company of
volunteers were encamped, the remainder of the company
being absent, attending a ball on the 22d, at the mouth of
JRopue river.
"The fight is stated to have lasted nearly the whole of
Saturday, and but few of the whites escaped to tell tiie
story. The farmers were all kiJJed.
"It is supposed there are now about three hundred hos-
tile Indians in the field, including those from Grave and
Galaise Creek and the Big Meadows. They are led by a
Canada Indian, named Enos, who was formerly a favorite
guide for Colonel Fremont in his expedition.
"List of Killed.—Captain Ben Wright, H. Braun, "E.
W. Howe, Mr. Waqoner, Barney Castle, George McOlusky,
Mr. Lara, W. R. Tuilus, Captain Jolm Poland, Mr. Smith,
Mr. Seaman, Mr. Warner, John Geisfijpind three children,
P. McCollough, S, Heidrick, Joseph Serroc and two sons.
" Besides three or four names unknown, Mrs. Geisell and
daughter are prisoners, and in the hands of the Micano
band of Indians, about eight miles up the river. Dr. M.
C. White escaped by jumping into Yuca creek, and secret-
ing himself under a pile of drift-wood, remaining there for
an hour and a half, and until the Indians had given up the
search."
Now, mark yon, Mr. Chairman, these Indians
were treated as friendly Indians. This agent, Cap-
tain Ben Wright, had married oneof their women.
He had married one of their squaws, and was on
terms of the most friendly relations with them,
in every respect; but notwithstanding this fact
he was killed, as was every man, woman, and
child, with the cxccption of one woman and her
daughter.
I will ask my friend from Tennesseo, whether
he will object to the appropriation of $300,000 to
ransom a mother and her children? "Would he
refuse his vote if the appropriation was the price
of their lives?
Mr. ZOLLIGOFFER. I will state to the gen-,
tleman that I have not made up my mind to vote
against the appropriation. While I am prepared,
as I have already intimated, to vote for the bill,
1 think it due to the House that it should have
some time to ascertain the facts. There seems
to be a diversity of opinion about thorn. The gen-
tleman himself, for example, has stated that there
were twenty thousand warriors among the In-
dians out there. The Delegate from Washington
Territory says that that is a small estimate; yet,
in the official Indian statistics, prepared and placed
on your tables at this session under the direction
of the board of Indian affairs, it appears that the
whole Indian population of these Territories is
less than twenty-one thousand. There arc a
great many other facts which I thinlfcit would be
well for gentlemen to investigate before they took
them for granted.
Mr. LANE. 1 will not undertake to controvert
these things now. I made a report when I was
the superintendent of Indian affairs in that Ter-
ritory. If the gentleman will look at that report,
lie will find that I have put their number at fifty-
live thousand. When 1 made this enumeration,
there were others that I was not able to see.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I was stating the facts
which are put down in our documents."
Mr. LANE. I do not dispute those points,
I only say that the object of this appropriation
is to ransom the people who have been taken
prisoners by the hostile Indians, and to maintain
amicable relations with those that arc friendly to
us. I will not say anything more. I trust that
the bill may be passed and that the money may
be ready to go out by the next mail.
Mr. PHELPS. Air. Chairman, it occurs to
me, that both of the gentlemen from Tennessee
are directing the attention of the House to a
matter which is immaterial in the present posture
of our affairs on the Pacific coast. I am not
going to inquire how hostilities have originated
on that coast, whilst considering this bill. It is
sufficient for me to know that hostilities exist,
and that protection is due to the people who
reside there. Hence, I will not inquire into the
matters which those gentlemen have presented
here. They may be proper subjects of inquiry
on other bills which are hereafter to be brought
forward.
I am opposed to delay. I think the matter de-
mands speedy action on the part of Congress.
You arc informed that the next steamer for the
Pacific sails on Saturday next. If you delay the
passage of this bill, so that the officers of the
Government will not have time to send their
drafts by which this money may be placed in the
hands of the proper officers in the Territories of
Oregon and Washington, the people of those
Territories will be for weeks longer without this
protection which we propose to grant to them.
A delay now of a day or two will be the delay,
in effect, of weeks.
It was not the purpose of the Committee of
Ways and Means, when they reported this bill,
to have this money expended for the purpose of
paying for the services of the volunteers who have
been called into service, either under the authority
of General Wool or the Governors of these Ter-
ritories. This is a measure of peace. We are
informed that there are in the Territories hostile
and friendly Indians. By the latest intelligence
we learn that more than five thousand of the
friendly Indians have been concentrated upon a
reserve, and that the agent has been engaged in
feed ing them for the purpose of preventing their
joining the ho&ile bands to make war upon the
defenseless people of the Territory. You are also
informed that there is no money appropriated for
that purpose. The Secretary of the Interior and
the President have both recommended that an
amount of money not exceeding the sum specified
in this bill should be appropriated for the pur-
pose of maintaining and preserving friendly rela-
tions with these Indians in Oregon and Washing-
ton Territories.
Mr. QUITMAN. Why was the second sec-
tion attached to the bill?
Mr. PHELPS. That section provides for an
appropriation of §120,000, to be expended for gun-
powder for the Pacific coast. The estimates were
submitted by the Secretary of War, not to accom-
pany this bill; but he informed us that there was
a pressing necessity for the appropriation. It was
necessary in order to supply our magazines on
the Pacific coast with ammunition. Knowing
the existence of these hostilities, and that General
Wool, from the statement of the Delegate from
Oregon, had refused to furnish the volunteers
with powder, and informed by official documents
that the appropriation was demanded for imme-
diate expenditure to supply a deficiency of am-
munition on the Pacific coast, the Committee of
Ways and Means thought proper to add this
second section to the bill.
But to return to the question of Indian hostilities.
There is a method of preserving peace with these
Indians, and that is by pursuing the course
recommended in this bill. Let us feed these
friendly Indians. As the gentleman from Wash-
ington well remarked, it is far better to feed them
than to fight them. Oftentimes the Indian dep-
redations are prompted by a scarcity of food. It
is, then, better to collect them on a reserve, and
feed them than to fight them. It is only to carry
outapolicymtroducedilHo the State ofCalifornia.
There the Indians are colloctcd on a military
reserve and subsisted. They are taugl.v the arts
of peace. They have farms, and are shown how
to cultivate them. It is better to do this than to
make a war of extermination against them.
I agree with the Delegate from Oregon, that
when we have an Indian war there must be a war
of extermination, or absolute submission on the
part of the Indians. It is a measure of economy
to pass this bill, ft may be the means of restor-
ing peace. Ought wo not to make the effort ?
Although the red man has engaged in warfare
against our citizens, yet is it not our duty to en-
deavor to bring him to peace, rather than to con-
tinue to fight him? Is it desired that a war of
extermination shall be waged against them? I
hope there will be no delay. I do not wish to
shutout investigation; but I protest against in-
vestigating tliS conduct of the territorial officers
in calling out the volunteers on this bill. I object
as well to the consideration here of General Wool's
conduct. Let the bill stand by itself. Is it right
and proper that there should be action? If so,
act speedily. Delay will fail to accomplish the
object so much desired by the Secretary of the
Interior, and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Letme advert to the communication upon which
the appropriation bill is founded. I refer to a
message of the President of the United States,
communicating a report from the Secretary of the
Interior, and from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, with reference to the Indian disturbances
in the Territories of Washington and Oregon,
in which he recommends an appropriation of
$300,000. The Secretary of the Interior asks
that this money shall be appropriated to be ex-
pended under the direction of the President, for
" restoring and maintaining the peaceable dispo-
sition of the Indian tribes on the Pacific/'—the
very language which the committee have incor-
porated into the bill.
in, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in
