1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
making his report to the Secretary of the Interior,
in reference to this very appropriation says:
" I deem it proper also to transmit herewith a copy of my
report to you, dated the 1st of December last, in relation to
our Indian affairs in Oregon Territory, together with a copy
of my instructions to the superintendent of Indian affairs
in the latter Territory,dated 4th of that month,m which,
in view of the exigency that had arisen there, he was
authorized to draw on the department for a sum not ex-
ceeding $100,000, to be judiciously expended in all proper
endeavors to avert the horrors of a general Indian war,
which appeared to be impending."
"It is my opinion that an urgent necessity exists for ail
application to Congress for au immediate appropriation of
money to be applied, under the directions of tile Depart-
" ment, for the preservation of peace among the Indiaiftribes
of Oregon and Washington Territories, and, so far. as is
pertinent to the Indian department, to allay existing hos-
tilities.
"I therefore recommend that asum not exceeding $300,000
be asked for, to be expended for the objects aboye stated,
under the direction of the President of the United States."
Gentlemen have referred to another document
here, in relation to the Indian hostilities, which
contains the correspondence with the War De-
partment, and some of the correspondence with
the Secretary of the Interior; but I advert simply
to the President's message from which I have
read, and upon which the bill is based.
Mr. GRANGER. What is proposed to be
done with the $300,000? is it for the purpose of
making war or peace?
Mr. PHELPS. Peace.
Mr. GRANGER. By treaty or by power ?
Mr. PHELPS. It is not designed for the pur-
pose of prosecuting war. It is designed to be
used for the reimbursement of expenses already
incurred by the Indian department for the pur-
pose of repressing hostilities, and of preventing
the friendly Indians, whom the superintendent of
Indian affairs, to the amount of live thousand, has
already collected on the reservation, from joining
the hostile Indians, and massacreing the inhabit-
ants.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man allow me to read a communication in refer-
ence to the appropriation contained in the second
section ?
Mr. PHELPS. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The colonel of ordnance,
in his letter to the War Department, says:
" I have been informed that the powder-magazine at Be-
nieia arsenal will be completed during the month of August
next. From the want of secure and proper storage, it has
been impossible, heretofore, to keep oil hand, on the Pacific
coast, any greater supply of gunpowder than was necessaty
for current use. The propriety-nay, necessity—of placing
in deposit, m that part of thq^ountry, a liberal supply of
powder, is , oo obvious to require any argument in tavor of
the measure. A requisition for gunpowder bas been received
by me from the senior ordnance officer of the Pacific mili-
tary department, with a request that it may be sent m time
to reach Benieia in August or September. In order to coin-
ply with this requisition without stripping the magazines
oil the eastern coast, it will be necessary to procure a sup-
ply from the powder-mills by purchase. For this purpose,
I respectfully submit the following estimate, which was
not included in my regular arsenal estimate, from my not
being aware, when it was made, of the time when proper
means for storing and preserving powder would be ready
on the Pacific coast.
" Estimate.—For the purchase of five thousand barrels of
gunpowder, at $24 per barrel, $120,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri a question. I have misun-
derstood this bill heretofore, if I have understood
aright the remark made by the gentleman from
Missouri. I understand him to say that this ap-
propriation is partly to pay for expenses already
incurred in the Indian wars in Oregon.
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir. To reimburse the
expenses already incurred by the Indian agents,
and by the Indian department in Oregon, in en-
deavoring to prevent hostilities.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is different from what
I understood the gentleman before, though I have
no doubt the gentleman intended to say that. I
desire to know of the gentleman, if he can state
it, what proportion of this appropriation will go
to defray expenses already incurred by agents ;n
the Territory? The balance, of course, goes for
the suppression of the hostilities which now ex-
ist, in such proper manner as the President of the
United States may choose to adopt, as I under-
stand the provisions of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. No one can answer that ques-
tion. There are five thousand Indians already
collected upon the reservation. What the ex-
pense of maintaining these five thousand will be,
whether they will all remain, or whether there will
be an addition to that number, it is impossible to
tell. But if the officers in charge of Indian affairs
in the Territories of Washington and Oregon
have pursued a course by which they have pre-
vented these Indians from engaging in Indian
hostilities,1hey have pursued a wise course.
Mr. HOUSTON". I do not, in the investiga-
tion of this bill, propose to enter into the causes
of this war which now exists there. I do not
think it is proper to do so now, but it may be
proper to do that when the bill shall come before
this House proposing to refund moneys which
have already been expended, or to discharge lia-
bilities which may have been incurred there in
the previous operations of the war. I am willing
to vote speedily the amount necessary to termin-
ate the war, and with as little bloodshed as pos-
sible. My purpose is not to investigate the causes
of the war, but I propose to arrest it as soon as
possible, and whenever the bill comes up which
proposes to reimburse the liabilities which the
Territory has incurred, it may be proper to look
into the causes which produced the war.
Mr. PHELPS. I concur in the remark made
by the gentleman from Alabama, that this is no
time to investigate the causes of the war. Some
gentleman may perhaps say that we propose
speedy action of the House. We do attempt to
have speedy action, but not for the purpose of
preventing an investigation. The President of
the United Slates, on the 5th of this month, sent
to us the message from which I have read, calling
the attention of the House of Representatives to
the necessity of appropriating the sum of $300,000,
proposed in this bill. This same document was
presented to the House on the 10th of March,
and ordered to be printed. Prom that time to this
the members of the House have had the oppor-
tunity to examine this matter; and if they have
not investigated it during that period of time, I
desire to know when they will investigate it? I
therefore hope there will be action upon the bill.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. The remarks which I in-
tended to have submitted, Mr. Chairman, are
rendered entirely unnecessary by the explanation
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, as well as by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Phelps,] who last spoke, and who
has presented the matter in a very strong light.
Tlvere is no'doubt of the fact that a destructive
Indian war is being waged in those two Terri-
tories. There is no one who can doubt that.
As to the cause of the war, it demands the inves-
tigation of this House and of the whole country;
and then let the blame fall where it shall. As
far as the Military Committee is concerned, they
intend to investigate it, and present the true state
of facts to the country. Ana in that design they
have called on the War Department for a state-
ment of all the facts. But, at the same time, it
is unquestionably the case that an indiscriminate
slaughter of our citizens is now going on; and
the question here presented to us by this recom-
mendation of the President and by the committee
who have reported this bill, is a simple question
whether that war shall or shall not be allowed to
become more extended by having friendly Indians
gradually drawn into it. Every man who knows
the character of the Indians knows that if the
friendly Indians cannot get good supplies, they
will join the predatory tribes, and prey upon the
whites.
Now the question is, whether we shall increase
the number of our enemies. The proposition of
the President of the United States, coming through
the Indian department, is simply this: That Con-
gress shall provide him with means to prevent the
extension of this war by such means as he may
think best. I have none of that morbid sensi-
! bility which some gentlemen here seem to have;
! and, if one of these means is to go to the Indian
' with a gun in one hand and a meal-bag in the
other, I shall make no objection. 1 should cer-
tainly prefer to see hostilities suppressed by
peaceable means. And the proposition before the
committee is simply to place in the hands of the
President abundant "means to prevent the increase
of our enemies, by purchasing peace and by sup-
plying them with the necessary provisions. If
we -do not provide for them they will join our
enemies, and a war which might cost the country
millions of dollars will be waged upon the fron-
tiers. These are the questions which it is for us
to decide. It seems to me that this bill is simply
leaving it discretionary with the Chief Executive
of this country to apply, in some mode, the fund
for the purpose of preventing the increase of the
Indian depredations on the Pacific coast.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the ques-
tion will be taken on the amflHtnent proposed
by the Cpmmittee of Ways and Means to the
original bill, and that then the committee will
rise.
Mr. GRANGER. I hope the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will not press •
this bill now. It is a very important matter.
The Clerk reported the second section of the
bill.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a point of order.
Can we pass from the consideration of the first
section so long as gentlemen wish to discuss it ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, as no member proposed to dis-
cuss it further. The question before the Com-
mittee is on the amendment to the original bill.
Mr. CARLILE. I wish to get .a little inform-
ation before I vote on.this bill. My inclinations
are'to vote the amount, or any amount that may
be necessary to protect the life of even a single
white settlor in Oregon; and I understand, that
this appropriation is desired for the purpose of
maintaining the present relations that exist be-
between the friendly Indians and the whites of
that Territory. I see, however, in letters which
accompany the report made to this House from
General Wool, that it is determined, on the part
of the whites there, that friendly relations shall
not be maintained with the friendly Indians in
Oregon. I desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee to a lSter on page 21 of Senate document
No. 26, dated Benieia, November 3, 1855:
Mijmtl 0 USTON. If the gentleman from Vir-
gtnia™ill allow me, I will appeal to him to avoid
the discussion of the matter which grows out of
that correspondence on this bill. It may be that
the gentleman and myself will agree, whenever
that matter comes up for discussion; and I desire
to hear it discussed. But here is a case of press-
ing necessity. The steamer sails on Saturday
next. This appropriation, if it be made at all,
should be made speedily. All the gentlemen who
have attempted to explain the bill state that the
object of this appropriation is to terminate the
war there—that peace is to be produced by the
use of friendly means. That is what all the gen-
tlemen who have spoken on the subject say is
contemplated by this bill It is to furnish means
ample to secure peace between the Indians and
the white citizens of that Territory. If, there-
fore, the matter to which the gentleman refers be
brought into the discussion, there is no hope of
passing this bill, or of voting on it for days or
weeks to come.
. Mr. CARLILE. Neither the gentleman from
Alabama nor any other gentleman here desires
peace more than I do; and no member of this com-
mittee would go further, or vote a larger amount
than I would to preserve peace in Oregon. But
I desire to be satisfied, before I vote for this bill,
thatit isa measure of peace; for,if General Wool
is to be believed, it will not be a peace measure. In
the letter from General Wool, to which I have
referred, we have the following information:
" Headquarters, Department of the Pacific,
jsenicia, N'ovetnJier 3, 1855.
" Sir : I have the honor to report that since my last letter
the Indian troubles in this department have very much in-
creased. In Rogue nver valley, the threats of the whites
to commence a war of extermination against the friendly
Indians on the reserve, and in the vicinity of Fort Lane,
have been put into execution, despite the efforts of the
officers of that post to prevent it. Captain Smith reports
that a paity of whites who had organised thems-elves into
a company, with the avowed purpose of assisting the reg-
ular troop  m pursuing and cha->ti-ing the Shasta Indians
for recent murders, attacked, the 8th ultifno, two camps of
friendly Indians m the immediate vicinity of the reserve,
and killed twenty-five, (four very old men, four young men,
and seventeen squaws and children.) Exasperated hy these
brutal outrages, some of the Indians on the reserve and m
the valley, heretofore friendly, proceeded to murder the
whites indiscriminately, burning their houses, and destroy-
ing everything m their way.
'•Captain Smith immediate!}' sent a detachment, under
Major Fitzgerald, to the scene of the outrages, fur the pro-
tection of The hitler*, and to punish the murderers.
" The troops are now actively employed m trying to sup-
press the troubles, but with what prospect of success, while
there is an Indian left for whites to destroy, may be easily
coujectuied."
Again: in'a letter dated San Francisco, Jan-
uary 19, 1856, he says:
" With the ninth and fourth infantry, I have no doubt of
being able, in a short time aften we can take the field, to
terminate the war in the north, and in southern Oregon,
