1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1507
ments are only to carry out the objects of the bill, j1
I hope the postponement will not interfere with j
the object of getting done with the subject of ob-
taining a vote on the measure.
Mr. CLAYTON. I understood the Senator
from Illinois to say, first, that he would defer the
consideration of the bill until Wednesday, and
should, on that day, ask for a vote on it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall ask to have the final
vote taken on Wednesday, but I desire to have the
bill under consideration all the time from now
until then, if any gentleman wishes to speak
upon it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I shall have no objection
to taking it up to-morrow. I only want an op-
portunity to look into the report and the bill. I
suppose it will bo impossible for us to read and
examine the bill until after the adjournment, and,
of course, we cannot get the report before to-mor-
row morning. I wish to examine them, and I
shall then be prepared to go through with the
subject as fast as we can. X suppose it will take
three days, at least, to dispose of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on postponing the further consideration of the
oill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FITZPATR.ICK. In connection with
this subject, as there seems to be a general anx-
iety to have the extra numbers of the report
printed, I ask leave, on the part of the Commit-
tee cn Printing, to whom was referred the motion
to print ten thousand extra copies of the report
of the Committee on Territories, to report at once
in favor of the printing of that number.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the report of the Committee on
Printing. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it would be as j
well to wait until we get the minority report, and !
lave them printed together. I understand this j
report has come in without any opportunity being •
afforded to the minority of the committee to pre- <
sent their views, and that time has been given
until to-morrow morning to prepare a minority j
report. It seems to me that it is printing half a j
thing at a time to order extra numbers of the :
majority report now. I think they had better J
be printed together. 1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Sena-
tor from Illinois objects to the consideration of
the report of the Committee on Printing, it must
lie over for one day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do object.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER BILL—VETO.
Mr. "VVELLER. 1 move to postpone all prior
orders, and proceed to the consideration of the
message of the President of the United States,
returning the bill (S. No. 14) to remove obstruc-
tions to navigation at the mouth of the Mississippi
river, at the Southwest Pass and Pass a 1'Outre.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator from
California whether it wouldnot be as well to-day
to proceed to the consideration of the Indian ap-
propriation bill ?
Mr. WELLER. I think not. This bill has
been under consideration for some time, and I
think it is due to the President of the United
States that we should pass upon it.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 make no objection to its
being taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the question
was stated to be on the passage of the bill, the
President's objections to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Mr. ADAMS. I voted in favor of this bill ori-
ginally, and I must say that I shall now vote
against the veto message of the President with
reluctance. I have a different view of t he subject,
however, from the one taken by the President.
Under the Constitution, Congress has power
to collect duties. That power, m my opinion,
carries with it the necessary means of collecting
duties. In this instance, according to the best
information I can obtain on the subject, to collect
the duties which we collect at Nov/ Orleans this
appropriation is indispensably necessary. There
are other collection districts above that port, on
the Mississippi river; but I think the whole reve-
nues of that region could be collected at that point;
and, therefore, 1 feel constrained to vote against
the veto of the President on this bill, though I
never voted, and never expcct to vote, for any
appropriation for the improvement of the Missis- j
sippi or any other river above that point. Wher- j
ever our foreign commerce is m the condition that :
I consider it to be at this point—whore an improve-,
ment becomes indispensably necessary in order j
to collect the revenues of the Government from ;
foreign imports, I believe we have the power; and
it is the duty of the Government to provide for
the improvement. For this reason, I* shall vote
against the veto of the Presidentin this case, but
I do it with great reluctance. I agree with him
in reference to all other points but this.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the Sena-
tor from Michigan [Mr. Cass] desires to submit
some remarks on this bill, but is not ready to pro-
ceed now. I therefore suggest that probably we
had better fix some day for its consideration that
will suit him, and proceed now with the Indian
appropriation bill.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia is right. I desire to submit some views on
the general question, and especially in relation to
some localities, in which I feel a deep interest, in
the Northwest. I have not my memoranda here
now, in relation to some points. I shall be ready
to speak on any day which the Senate may name.
I have understood, however, from one or two
Senators who feel interested in the subject, that
a given day should be fixed for the consideration
of this bill, as it is a very important one, both in
its principle and practical operations, so that the
Senate may be as full as possible before taking
the vote on the presidential veto. It is proper
that we should be here on such an occasion. 1
think, therefore, that we should now assign a
particular day for taking the vote. Any day the
Senate may please will be perfectly acceptable to
j me. I believe there are other gentleman in the
I Senate in the same situation that I am. I believe
] the honorable Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Sn-
i dell] is in the same condition,
j Mr. SLIDELL. I wish to make a very few
| remarks, but that difficulty may be obviated.
! There is another reason why the vote should not
j be taken now. There are two or three gentlemen
who relied on me to inform them when this bill
| would come up, and tiiey would not be satisfied
! if they had not an opportunity to record their
j votes on it. We are* taken by surprise to-day.
j The Senators to whom I allude would have been
telegraphed by me to be here to-day, if it had
: been anticipated that the vote would be taken,
i I think it is but proper, under all the cireum-
1 stances, looking at the great gravity of this bill,
and the delicacy of overruling a presidential veto,
that every Senator should have an opportunity to
be here when the vote is taken. For that purpose
; a day should be appointed.
I Several Senators. Say Monday next.
I Mr. SLIDELL. I would suggest Monday or
1 Tuesday of next week. All I desire is that Sen-
; ators shall have a fair opportunity of knowing
I that a vote is to be taken on a particular day, so
; that they may be here to record their votes. 1
! would suggest Monday as an appropriate day; I
I therefore "move to postpone the further consider-
; ation of the subject until Monday next, and make
it the special order for one o'clock on that day.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAX APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to take up the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. ADAMS. I respectfully submit that we
I should dispose of some one of the bills which
] have occupied almost the whole attention of the
] Senate since our meeting. If the motion of the
Senator from Virginia fails, I shall move to take
up the naval board question so as ro dispose of,
!' and get rid of, some one of the questions which
II have occupied so much time. 1 desire to see
i! whether the Senate is prepared to vote on any of
I these questions at all. We have consumed a
f; great amount of time in regard to these measures,
{J but it seems that we are never ready to vote oil
I'them. Wo may as well adjournal once unless
II we dispose of those questions which excite dis-
j. cussion. When w7e call up a measure aoout
i' which we have been talking the whole session,
11 it appears that a majority of the Senate is not
!| ready to vote. I think we ought to dispose of
11 these measures. There is a clear sky before us
ji to go on with the business of the session and dis-
i pose of it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the V/feole, to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 71) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various [ndian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1857, which had been
reported from the Committee on Finance with
various amendments.
The first amendment was to insert, as the first
item of that portion of the bill providing for ful-
filling treaty stipulations, the following:
. Rlackfoot Nation.—For first of tea installments as an-
nuity, to be expended in the purchase of s"^h goods, pro-
visions. and other useful article.*, as the Piesident, at his
di&cretion, may from time to time detenu.,.?, per ninth
article of the treaty of October 17,1855, $a0,('00.
For expenses of transportation and delivery of annuities
in soods and provisions, $17,000.
For first of ten installments a-; annuity, to be expended
in establishing and instructing them in agricultural and
mechanical pursuits, and in educating their children, and
promoting civilization and Christianity, at the discretion of
the President, per tenth article of the treaty of October 17,
1833, $13,000.
Mr. HUNTER. These items are offered to
carry out the treaty with the Blackfoot nation,
which has been ratified by the Senate, since the
bill was acted on by the House of Represent-
atives. The treaty is to be found in executive
document No. 69 of the present session.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing:
Chippewas of Saginawr~T?or permanent annuity in goods
or other useful m tides, per fourth article of the treaty of 3d
oi August, 1795, $1,000.
For pciinanent annuity in money, or otherwise, per
second article of the treaty of 17th of November, 1807,
jiSJO.
For permanent annuity m silver, per fourth article of the
tieatj' of 21th of September, 1819, ^1,000.
For permanent provision for support of blacksmith, and
for fat ruing utensils and eiittie, and the employment of two
persons io aid them m agriculture, per eighth article of the
treaty nf 24th of .September, 1819, and seventh article of
the tieaty of 14th January, 1837, $0,000.
' For education, during tile pleasure of Congress, per
sixth article of the treaty of 5th August, 1826, §1,000.
And to insert, in lieu of it:
Chippewas of Suguiiu*v. Swan Creek, and Black River.—
For lirst of five equnl annual installments for educational
purposes, under the direction of the President, per second
article of the tieaty of 2d August, 1855, $4,000.
For first of five equal annual installments for agricultural
implements, and carpenters' tools, household furniture and
building materials, cattle. labor, and necessary useful arti-
cles. per second article of the treatv of 2d August, 185o,
§5,0110.
p'or first of ten equal annual installments in com, to be
di-tnbllted per capita, in the usual manner of paying annu-
ities. per second article of the tieaty of 2d August, 1855,
§] 0,000.
Foi first installment for the support of one blacksmith
shop, for len years, pel second article of tile ircatyof-Sd
August, 1855, £1,240.
For building a grist and saw-mill, purchase of necessary
fixtures and machinery, construction of dam, race, and
other nppmtenanccs, per second article of the treaty of
2d August, tt'oo, $8,000.
Foi purchasing a saw-mdl, and repairs and fixtures to be
erected and located, in pursuance of the first amendment
of the .Senate to the second article of the treaty of 2d
August, 185-3, ,$'4,000.
For payment of the present just indcbteihiess of said In-
dians, in pursuance of the second amendment of the Sen-
ate to the second article of the treaty of 2d August, 1855,
§•20,000.
Mr. HUNTER. This change is made neces-
sary by one of the new treaties which has been
ratified since the action of the House on the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to include the foi--
lowing among the appropriations for the Chick -
asaws:
For pavment to the Clnckasavvs in full consideration
foi then* interest m tho Kwe provided iori.i the ninth article
!i of the treatv of the June, 1855, m conformity with the
i I provisions of the tenth article of i-aid tieaty, >000.001).
I j Fot expenses of commissioners who tnc treaty
;! on tliL- pari 01 the Chicka-aw*, m ooonng to, returning
1; f,om,and while remaining, m Washington city, per twenty-
i tit'coud article of the treaty of 2d June, $390.
i Mr. HUNTER. There was a small mistake
!j in the estimate on which the last clause was
ij founded. One of the commissioners was left out.
I move to amend the amendment by striking ou*
■ " §692" and inserting " $1,766," so as to provide
[! for the commissioner who was omitted,
j Theamendmentto the amendment wasadopted;
j and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
|| Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to ask the chairman
ij of the Committee on Finance whether these
■j amendments are proposed with the concurrence
