772
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Juty %
34th Cong....!st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Bigler.
Senate.
that white men shallgovern themselves. I stand
here as their representative. to speak for them.
Seven millions of them will reecho the sentiment I
utter to-ni«rht. You are unwilling to respond to
it; you do not want it. You wish to excite preju-
dice. We will put the naked question, not to the
sl \e power, but to the free white men of Kansas
wht> are twenty-one years of age, and citizens of
the United States. By what title do you claim to
govern such men ? Who made you their masters?
Not God, nor the Constitution, and no other
power can do it.
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire
has told us that he is not legislating for the Ethio-
pian; that he is not advocating his rights, but
those of <he Saxon race. Then let him give the
Saxon race their inalienable rights, and give them
now. The Senator from New York wishes his
Topeka Free-Soilers to make for Kapsas n con-
stitution tunc pro nunc, and not only for now, but
for nine years to come. Why should those who
were in "Kansas a year ago make a constitution
for the present inhabitants? On what principle
should they make one, unless they have, to-day, a
majority? I offer this high privilege to the majority.
I offer a fair mode of ascertaining the will of the
majority. If you, a majority, wish to exclude
slavery, do so; I offer you the right, if you have
the power. If such be your determination, the
" slave power" will maintain it, but upon no other
terms. I propose to give you all the power of the
laws, and all the military power of the United
States. I propose to give you five disinterested
men, pledged by the President, who is vouched for
by the honorable and distinguished Senator from
Michigan; pledged by this nonorable body, the
representatives of sovereigns, to be a fair com-
mission. No minority ever received such assur-
ances of the integrity and fair dealing of any
measure, in the history of this Government, from
1789 to this time. We have gone almost to the
point of humiliation. When you assign as a
reason, that the President of the United States is
not to be trusted, I tell you that you are giving
apretext, and not a reason. You have aspersed
him; you have" falsely accused him; you claim a
constitutional right to libel, vilify, and falsely
accuse any man; and the Senate, in a judgment
against law and the Constitution, has seemed to
favor this base assumption. But you have failed
to establish aught, except devotion to justice and
the Constitution, against the President.
Who is the President that you choose thus to
denounce here in the Senate, because of the im-
punity afforded by your senatorial character?
He is the son of a man who, throughout the whole
revolutionary war, fought for the liberties you are
betraying. He himself, upon his arrival at early
manhood* was carried by his native State into
the public councils, and made the Speaker of her
Legislature. At the earnest demand of his fel-
low-citizens, he was transferred to the House of
Representatives of the United States. After spend-
ing there long years of honorable service—broad,
national, catholic in his principles and in his
votes—he was transferred of the Senate of the
United States by the almost unanimous voice of
the people of New Hampshire. He was kept
tere until his own love of retirement and want
of ambition induced him to retire to the peaceful
shades of home, in the bos<fln of the home of his
patriot ancestor. He was invoked from that re-
tirement by the voice of his native State to come j
Dack to this body, when it was an honor to any i
man to be here, but he declined. He was sought '
out in lm retirement by Mr. Polk, and offered a '
seat in Cabinet; he quietly declined the honor and
emoluments of office, and preferred quietly to sus- i
tain himself and family by the pursuit of an hon-
orable profession. War came upon the Republic.
Troops were demanded of New Hampshire. :
Irue to the blood of his revolutionary sire, he
stepped forward as a volunteer private, in the 1
ranks. _ The rulers of his country called him to
unsolicited command. He served his country
with fidelity and honor, until honorable peace
crowned victorious war, and then he returned to
the quiet and unobtrusive walks of private life.
Her> his countrymen,sought him;here they found !
him; and without an effort on his part, except j
a public declension of the proffered honor, he
nominated, and by the votes of every State!
in the Union, except four, he was called to the
Chief Magistracy of the country, t<f whose liber-
ties hi;s f. ther had so gallantly and nobly contrib-
uted, during every day of the arduous struggle.
He has been " ciear in his office." I was not
his flatterer in the plenitude of his power and his
popularity,-and therefore I have no reason to be
[lis traducer or his flatterer now. I have differed
with him on some important points of public
policy. I have maintained that difference—main-
ained it here and before the people. I have
agreed with him on many other points of public
policy, and have honestly and faithfully endeav-
ored to sustain him. I think he has not been
justly dealt with by his friends. He has main-
tained his faith when others have yielded to tempt-
ation; and I give the honest judgment of an in-
dependent Senator in saying, that no truer, juster,
more patriotic, more impartial, or more national
man, lias ever succeeded to the chair of Wash-
ington than Franklin Pierce.
How does he leave the country to-night ? What
is our condition? We have twenty-five millions
of people. We are great, we are prosperous, we
are happy. We are respected abroad. At home,
commerce, industry, manufactures, agriculture,
are teeming with prosperity. Our national name
is everywhere respected, except among the
enemies of free government and the allies of the
Abolitionists in the United States—the friends
of monarchy. The Senator from New York de-
nounces him; the London Times denounces him;
every enemy of liberty, abroad and at home,
denounces him. He will leave, however, a great
and a prosperous people, with not a speck in the
whole political horizon which has^ any tendency
except to gladden the heart of the patriot. The
howls of defeated Abolitionists will do him no
harm. Doubtless, the enemies of liberty in the
; Revolution used as harsh terms against nis pat-
riot father as his enemies now use against him;
I but he will retire from his present high position
with the blessings of all true patriots, and with
the commendations of all future times.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I desire to make
a very few remarks in reference to the proposi-
tion submitted by the Senator from Massachu-
setts—a proposition which, I trust, I shall be
indulged in designating as a very extraordinary
one indeed—a proposition which, by a single
enactment, is to nullify all the laws in existence
in Kansas, and leave the people there in anarchy
and confusion. I believe very important rights
have grown up there under these laws. The
relations of property have been settled; mar-
| riages have taken place; estates have passed; and
i all the domestic interests peculiar to a State or a
Territory, and requiring government, have been
settled.
I can hardly imagine, Mr. President, that the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts
is to be pressed upon the consideration of the
Senate, or that it is seriously intended as a rem-
edy for the evils existing in Kansas Territory.
Can it be that a proposition so sweeping as that,
is presented here in a spirit of compromise and j
conciliation? I am able to understand one view
of this question, and that is that Senators will
probably be put in the attitude of voting against
that amendment, and the record will therefore ]
appear that they have sanctioned all the laws
which now exist in Kansas. I am not willing :
for one to occupy that position. There are a
portion of those laws which I do not approve. '
I have said so here before, and the Senator will
discover, by turning to the bill under consider- j
ation, that,so far as those laws interfere with the j
freedom of speech, the freedom of the press, and
a fair discussion of the existing topic there, they
are nullified, they are annulled by it.
It is very true that a number of the statutes to
which the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clay-
ton] refers, would still remain in existence, and
those I regret to leave in existence. I should
prefer, if we could do it properly, to correct
statutes which are odious in principle, and which
I think will never accomplish any good in prac-
tice. But, sir, let us look at this question as it
is practically before us.
The first proposition here was to settle the con-
troversy in Kansas by its admission as a State on
[ the lopeka constitution. That was urged by
' the Senator from New York, and urged with all
his peculiar power nndability. What is the next
nronosition ? It is that we shall abolish all the
the Topeka constitution. That was urged bv
the Senator ft
his peculiar p
proposition ?
laws. That comes from the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, who has usually acted with the Sen-
ator from New York. Then what next, sir? The
Senator from New Hampshire proposes to come
under the bill that is before the S.-imte and change
some of its features. Mr. President, this shows
a sad confusion on the part of the opponents of
this bill; but I suggest whether any one of these
propositions will answer the exigencies of the
country.
Mr. HALE. The Senator will allow me a
moment. I want to correct his mistake. I thought
I did it when I alluded to the error of the National
Intelligencer. The honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania says I proposed to come under the bill—
in other words, to support it. I disclaimed that
on the floor. I do not conceive that a man, when
he proposes to amend a bill, thereby pledges
himself to support it. It is the right of every
Senator, whether in favor of a bill or against it,
to propose as many amendments as he can, to
make it as perfect as possible, and then, accord-
ing to the parliamentary kiw, he may, with right
and justice, agreeable to his own conscience,
vote for or against it when amended. He is not
pledged to support a bill from the mere fact that
lie proposes an amendment.
Mr. cIGLER. That is very true, but I think I
am authorized in the presumption thatthe Senator
concluded the original proposition might be per-
fected, or be made to answer the end; that it was
not radically defective; or why propose to amend
it? Am I not certainly right in the inference that
he preferred it to the proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts, and possibly that he prefers
it to the Topeka constitution ? But my object is
simply to make myself understood, not so much
here as at home and elsewhere.
We have had a violent controversy on this
subject, not confined only to Kansas, but extend-
ing to every State of this glorious Union. We
have heard here to-day that that excitement en-
dangers the stability of our institutions; and, sir,
I have, within a moment afterwards, heard with
pain the most violent sentiments which were
probably ever uttered here on this delicate and
complicated question. Gentlemen seem to forget
that we owe something to the country, to our
forefathers, as well as to those who are to come
after us. It will not do to gratify our feelings on
an occasion like this. We have fallen upon evil
times, as has been said by the Senator from
Michigan, and I feel that it is the duty of every
good man here, whilst he may feel that he cannot
get all the good he would, to do all he can; and
j whilst 1 am not willing to yield a principle, I will
■ not agree with the Senator from New York that
j the days of compromises have gone by, and that
there are to be no compromises and no concessions
hereafter.
There seemed to be a universal impression in
this body and elsewhere that some effective and
complete measure was necessary. There were
those who concluded that that remedy could be
found in a direct interference with the local Legis-
lature of Kansas, by wiping out aportion of those
statutes, and by approving others. Other Sena-
tors had indicated the idea, and amongst them the
Senator from New York, that the proper remedy
was to bring Kansas into the Union as a free
State.
What followed? The various propositions
submitted to the Senate were referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories. The subject, as I know,
was very anxiously considered; and I trust con-
sidered in reference to the great interests of the
Union, its peace, its honor, and its dignity. I
do not believe that the considerations connected
with this subject descended to the ordinary par-
tisan views which are taken of questions of this
kind. After examining the subject in all its de-
tails, the committee arrived at the conclusion
that the safest way, the most consistent with
principle, was the proposition to bring Kansas
into the Union as a State, and to terminate imme-
diately all motive for forcing population into Kan-
sas with a view to shape its domestic policy. As
I *aid yesterday, in that consists the vitality of
