48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of tht United States
corporation shall have and enjoy the power and
faculty; to confer and confirm upon such pupils
in the institution, or others, who, by their profi-
ciency in learning or other meritorious distinc-
tions, they shall think entitled to them, such
degrees in the liberal arts and sciences aa are
usually granted in colleges.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That nothing
in this act shall be so construed as to authorize
the said corporation to issue any note, token,
device, scrip, or otherevidence of debt,to be used
as a currency.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That each of
the corporators in said corporation shall be held
liable, in his individual capacity, for all the debts
and liabilities of the said corporation, however
contracted or incurred, to be recovered by suit,
as other debts or liabilities, before any court of
competent jurisdiction.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That Congress
tnay at any time hereafter alter, amend, or repeal
the foregoing act.
Approved, June 2,185G.
No. 16.—An Act for the benefit of the Hebrew
Congregation in the City of Washington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre•
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all the rights, privileges, and im-
munities heretofore granted by law to the Chris-
tian churchcs in the city of Washington, be, and
the same are hereby, extended to the Hebrew
congregation of said city, and that the third sec-
tion of the act approved the seventeenth of June,
eighteen hundred and forty-four, entitled "An act
concerning conveyances or devises of places of
public worship in the District of Columbia," shall
be so construed as to allow the members of the
Hebrew congregation from time to time, by a vote
of two tffirds, to elect their own trustees, and the
same, by a like vote, to displace at pleasure;
which said trustees shall, during their continu-
ance in office, have the same title in and power
over any lot or tract of land as if held by them
under the act aforesaid for a Christian church, or
as if they were appointed under said act trustees
of any Christian church: Provided, That any and
all legal and equitable rights, demands, or liabili-
ties of the said Hebrew congregation, acquired or
assumed by or through said trustees, shall be
limited to the trust property of said congregation
held by said trustees.
Approved, June 2, 1856.
No. 17.—An Act for the relief of John S. Pen-
dleton.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled That the (Secretary of thai Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to John S. Pendleton, for his full com-
pensation whilst employed as Minister of the
(Jiutcd States on special mission to the Oriental
Republic of Uruguay, in the year eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, the sum of nine thousand dol-
lais, deducting therefrom any amount-which lie
may have heretofore received as compensation
in said mission; and for like full compensation
for his services in the same character to the Re-
public of Paraguay, in the year eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, nine thousand dollars, deducting
threfrom any amount of money he may have
heretofore received as compensation in said mis-
sion to I^araguay.
Approved, June 2,1856.
No. 18.—An Act for the relief of Emma Bidamon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid to Emma Bidamon,
by the Secretary of the Treasury, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of one hundred and ninety-seven
dollars and thirty-five cents, with interest thereon
from July eighth, eighteen hundred and fifty-two,
until paid, in full payment of the sum adjudged
and decreed to her in heu of dower by the circuit
court of the United States for the district of Illi-
nois, at the July term, eighteen hundred and fifty-
two, in the case of " the United States vs. Joseph
Smith, et al.
Approved, June 2, 1856. *
No. 19.—An Act for the relief of John Nugent.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be, and hereby is, granted
to John Nugent, of the city of New York, in 'the
State of New York, who, whilst- engaged in the
discharge of his duty as a seaman on board of the
United States sloop Germantown, on the nine-
teenth day of November, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, when at Montevideo, and while in the
act of firing a salute, in honor of the birthday of
the Q,ueen of Spain, had one of his arms blown
off, and the other arm so badly shattered that
amputation was necessary, in lieu of any pension
or allowance to which he may now be entitled by
law, a pension of thirty dollars per month, to
commence on the thirty-first day of January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, and to continue
during his natural life, to be paid out of the navy
pension fund.
Approved, June 2,1856.
No. 20.—An Act making Appropriation for the
Payment of certain Claims.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
pay to Samuel P. Todd, a purser in the Navy,
the sum of five hundred and fifty-three dollars,
being for thcamoyntof depreciation upon certain
Treasury notes sold by him for the purpose of
paying seamen and others employed m the Uni-
ted States Delaware flotilla, in the year eighteen
hundred and fourteen.
Sec. 2. Andbeitfurther enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury pay to John Shaw, of Wis-
consin, the sum of one thousand dollars, in full
for his services, travel, and attendance, as an
interpreter upon the trial of certain Winnebago
Indians, in the year eighteen hundred and twenty-
eight, before the honorable James Duane Doty,
at Prairie du Ciiien.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury pay to Isadore D. Beau-
grand, the sum of two hundred and fifty-seven
dollars and twelve cents, in full for expenses in-
curred and money expended by him for subsist-
ence, quarters, and transportation furnished to
Captain Bradley's company of Ohio volunteers
from the first to the fifth of June inclusive, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six, prior to their being
mustered into the service of the United States for
the Mexican war.
Sf.c.4. Andbeit farther enacted, That the several
sums herein directed to be paid, be, and the same
are hereby, appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, June 14, 1856.
No. 21.—For the relief of the Heirs of Colonel
Charles Simms, late Collector of the Port of
Alexandria.
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled. That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to cause
the account of the late Colonel Charles Simms,
collector of the port of Alexandria, to be audited
and settled without any charge of interest on any
indebtedness Sue from him to the Government at
the time of his death. And when the principal
of such indebtedness shall be paid, the estate of
the said Charles Simms, and his heirs and repre-
sentatives, shall be forever discharged from any
liability on account of any interest that may have
accrued thereon.
Approved, June 26, 1856.
No. 22.—An Act authorizing a Settlement of the
Accounts of Charles P. Babcock, late Indian
Agent at Detroit, in the State of Michigan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to ad-
just and pay the accounts of Charles P. Babcock,
late Indian agent at Detroit, in the State of Mich-
igan; and that, in making such adjustment, cer-
tain vouchers, heretofore presented by him, and
now on file, for expenses incurred for premiums
in exchanging gold for silver coin, and also for
one quarter's salary for his own services, shall
be allowed and paid: Provided, That any balance
thus found due said Babcock shall first be applied
in liquidation of his indebtedness to the United
States, if any there shall be, and the remainder
only shall be paid to him: And provided further,
That the sum allowed to him shall not exceed the
sum of four hundred and fifty-seven dollars and
twenty-two cents.
Approved, July 3, 1856.
No. 23.—An Act to authorize the issue of a
Register to the Bark Tropic Bird.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to issue
a register to the American-built bark Tropic Bird,
now owned by Asa F. Tift, of Key West, Florida.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
bark Tropic Bird be*and is hereby, exempted
from the payment of tonnage money to the United
States, from the time she became American prop-
erty.
Approved, July 3, 1856.
No. 24.—An Act granting the Right of Way to
the St. Louis and Iron Mountain Railroad
through the Arsenal, Magazine, and Jefferson
Barracks Tracts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the right of way, sixty feet in
width, through the lands in which the St. Louis
arsenal, the St. Louis marine hospital, and Jeffer-
son barracks are situated, in the State of Mis-
souri, be, and the same is hereby, granted to the
St. Louis and Iron Mountain Railroad Company,
for the construction of a railroad from the city of
St. Louis through said lands: Provided, Said road
shall be constructed on the line upon which it is
now located: Provided further, That a strong, sub-
stantial plank fence be erected by said company
between the road and the public grounds, and
between the road and the river, at such place and
of such character as the commanding officer at
Jefferson barracks shall direct, with suitable iron
gates, not exceeding four,at such points as shall
be selected by such commanding officer; and the
said company shall also cause to be constructed
not exceeding four covered ways, at suitable
places in part of said public grounds, and in such
manner as shall be approved by said commanding
officer; and if, after the fence herein provided for
shall have been erected, and the said road put in
operation, it shall be found, in the opinion of the
President, to be insufficient for the protection of
lives and property, he may require a fence of
brick, stone, or iron, on the land side, to be con-
structed, and the said company shall cause the
same to be erected accordingly at their proper
cost and charge: Provided also, That the said
company shall be liable for all losses which may
be sustained by the public, either by the destruc-
tion of public property, or by collision with the
trains in passingoversaidgrounds: And provided
further, That said company shall use on their lo-
comotives the customary or most approved means
for arresting sparks from the chimneys; and that
when the Government expects to receive, or in-
tends to ship powder at the magazine landing,
upon giving twenty-four hours' notice to said
company of such expectation or intention,horse-
power alone shall be used by said company in
passing during the receiving or shipping of pow-
der; and that so much of an act passed February
fourteenth, eighteen hundred and fiftv-three, as
is inconsistent with this act, be and the same is
hereby repealed.
Approved, July 14, 1856.
No. 25.—An Act to grant to L. Jane Horner and
Children a Section of Land in Oregon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That one section, or six hundred and
