1856.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJ5.
773
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
the proposition of the Senator from Georgia.
After a very short date there will be no# motive
for outside pressure, no motive for the South, or
for the North and the East to use extraordinary
measures to force or shape the policy of that
Territory. For that reason I looked upon the
proposition favorably.
Now, if we intend to take the remedy sug-
gested by the Senator from Delaware, we ought
to take it entirely. That undertakes the legisla-
tion of the Territory. As I said the other day,
my objection to that was that it seemed to be an
abandonment of the doctrine of non-intervention.
It seemed to be adeclaration that Congress would
exercise the highest principle of power. I thought
that, whatever diversity of opinion might exist
as to the original power of Congress to interfere,
there could scarcely be a doubt as to the want of
power to interfere after an organic law had been
given end a local government established. We
could only do that on4he ground of a maladmin-
istration of the organic law. Whilst, as I said,
I believed there had been violence at the election
of March 30, 1855, and that men voted who had
no right to vote, and that high privilege was
abused—perhaps so fur abused as to have pro-
duced certain results—I could not see how the
Senate of the United States could act on that
idea without having a record of the fact," and
having the testimony here, if you please.
Now, sir, for one looking at all these proposi-
tions, I have thought that it was the wisest to
take that suggested by the Senator from Georgia,
obviating all difficulties in the Terrritory by the
creation of a new power, and by new guards for
the ballot-box, by new agents of peace and order
there, with a sole view of ascertaining distinctly
the untrammeled will of these people on a subject
so dangerous and so difficult. I confess to you,
sir, that I did not anticipate "the measure of resist-
ance which has been exhibited by the Senator
from New York. I could not understand how he
could be willing to take the Topcka constitution—
made without law, made without forms, made in
derogation of law, in menace of law, and reject a
measure such as that proposed by the Senator
from Georgia. I do not understand why there
should be so much tenacity as to form on the one
hand and not on the other.
I desire to suggest one difficulty in regard to the
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire.
I do not say that I would not vote to change the
time for a short period, if, as is said, citizens have
gone out of Kansas who will not have an 'oppor-
tunity to return by the 4th of July. If the prop-
osition were to change for a short time, perhaps
it might ansVer;- but the Senator proposes to
change it for a year. What then? We have no
remedy at all for present exigencies; we leave
this people for a whole year to struggle and con-
tend there,agitating the country and endangering
its peace and the stability of our institutions.
It is always difficult, Air. President, in a ques-
tion like this, to get that which is entirely satis-
factory. I have made up my mind to expect no
such thing, but I have concluded that, though
this proposition may be objectionable in some of
its features;though it may not be perfect; though
it may be very easy to point out defects in it—
much more so than to remedy them,—yet, taken
altogether, it is the best remedy for the present
difficulties, and it presents itself to me as the best
means of peace and order. It is the best for the
people of Kansas.
I trust I shall not be told by the Senator from
Massachusetts as we were a few minutes since,
that this bill is a proposition to extend slavery
into Kansas. I do not so understand it. That
is not mypurpose ; I am laboring for no such end ;
I could have 110 such sympathy. I have an in-
telligent body of friends in the Territory of Kan-
sas who went from my native State ; I know
many of them intimately. I am concerned for
their interests, their welfare, their peace, and
their happiness. I have no idea of imposing
a judgment on them. I think they understand
the interests of that Territory better than I do;
they can better judge whether its climate and soil
are adapted to the institution, or whether they
should have it there for other reasons, or whether
they will reject it entirely. But, sir,whatever their
judgment may b«, I want to see it effectual. I do
w how
ulaffil
well calculafPB to secure an unembarrassed ex-
pression of that will, than that which has come
, from the Senator from Georgia. I was glad the
! Senator from New Hampshire complimented that
; Senator; so far, atleast, as to say that the measure
was one of quite as much liberality as he could
expect from that quarter. I confess that is not a
very distinct compliment, but it was made in very
good taste at the time.
I have now, Mr. President, accomplished all
my purpose in this matter. It is simply a desire
to make myself understood as feeling that the
exigencies which surround the country demand
! some measure which will give quietude to the
country, and which will settle the difficulties in
Kansas. I believe the proportion to admit Kan-
sas as a State under this bill is the best of all that
I have seen. I shall therefore vote for it, and I
trust it will receive the sanction of this body, of
the other branch of Congress, and of the Exec-
utive.
Mr. WILSON. 1 desire, Mr. President, to
submit to the Senate a few observations in sup-
port of the amendment I have proposed, and in
j opposition to the bill reported by the Committee
i on Territories. The veteran Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Crittenden] makes a strong appeal
i to us against the amendment which I have sub-
,j mitted. I feel, as deeply as the Senator from Ken-
j tucky can feel, that the whole powerof Congress
!1 and of the Government should be wisely exer-
! cised to remedy the evils which now afflict the
people of Kansas. But I say to the Senator from
Kentucky—I say it with the deepest and most
Crofound conviction of my soul—that if this bill
ecomes the law of the land, it will not secure the
objects which Sftiators profess to have in view.
I go further: I declare to the Senate that I believe
this bill is intended to crown, and that it will
crown, the labors of the borderruffiane of Missouri
to make Kansas a slaveholding State. Yes, sir,
the passage of this bill will crown the invasion and
conquest of the 30th of March, 1855, the legis-
lation of the border ruffian Legislature, the foray
of last December, and the recent arrests, expul-
sions, jjnurders, robberies, and arsons, by which
rfiin sas has been conquered by armed bands of
lawless plunderers. God may save Kansas to
freedom in spite of this measure, butits tendency
is to close th<*contest in favor of the lawless vio-
lence that now bears sway in that Territory.
' The Senator from Kentucky talks eloquently
about " compromises." The Senator from Penn-
sylvania has just taken his seat with the word
" compromise " on his lips. The Senator from
New York has been rudely assailed because he
declared his opposition to compromises on this
question of slavery, in which we of the North
have always been defrauded and cheated. Sir,
' the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] in
his ringing tones, announced to the Senate not
long since, that" the South has no longer any com-
1 promises to offer or accept!" I agree to that sen-
! timent,and many of us agree to it. The Senator
; from New York has but repeated it to-night; and
he is arraigned by Senators who are always ready
to make compromises in the interests of slavery;
but who, I am sorry to say, do not always stand
to compromises when they have been made. If
Senators had stood by the compromise of 1820,
when its abrogation was forced through Congress
by executive power, I should have placed, and
the country would have placed, more confidence
in their professions of regard for compromises
now.
The. Senator from Kentucky boasts of the mag-
nanimity displayed by slave-State Senators in
this bill. Magnanimity ! What is proposed by
it? Kansas lies bleeding at your feet to-day, a
conquered, a subdued Territory. You have in-
vaded it; you have conquered it; you have
warned out its people; you nave murdered them;
you have plundered them; you have battered
down their dwellings with cannon; you have
ordered them out of the Territory.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Who has done all this?
Not I.
| - Mr. WILSON. The masters of Kansas, and
| the masters of this Administration have done it—
• the border ruffians of Missouri, the men who
have invaded and conquered this Territory—the
men who govern at the other end of the Avenue.
This is not all, sir. What does the telegraph
bring you ? That a company of young men from
the West, from Illinois, was disarmed the other
day in Missouri; and then, after giving up peace-
fully the arms which they had a right to carry,
they were turned back by these guardians of
Kansas. The telegraph brings intelligence to-day,
that forty-four young men from my State were
disarmea, on their way to Kansas; and, after
being disarmed, were plundered, robbed, and
turned back.
This is not all. I find to-night intelligence by
telegraph, that great forces are about gathering
in Kansas. Here is the dispatch:
" Their forces are gathering at Tecumseh, Big Springs,
and other places, in large numbers; and they are laying in
large stores of provisions, in order to make the long and
strong pull on the 4th of July."
What is the long and strong pull to be made on
1 the 4th of July, in Kansas? It is, that thousands
I of Missouri borderers are to be in the Territory
| on that day, to carry out the purposes of this bill
' in November next. I believe it is part and parcel
of that plot, begun two years ago, to wrest this
Territory from freedom, and to make it a slave-
holding State. They are " to make a long and
strong pull on the 4th of July."
Mr. BENJAMIN. From what paper is the
gentleman reading?
Mr. WILSON. The New York Times. I
will read the whole telegraphic dispatch:
"A company of sixty-seven men, mostly from Chicago,
bound to Kansas, was disarmed at Lexington, on Tues-
day."
Then there is a prediction that there is to be
a great battle at Topeka.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I merely asked th^gen-
tleman what paper he was reading from, for the
purpose of ascertaining whether there was the
slighest possibility of its being true. As the
; paper is the New York Times, everybody can
judge for himself.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to ask the gentleman
j from Massachusetts a question at this point.
Mr. WILSON. Any question you choose to
put.
Mr. BIGLER. My question is, whether the
gentleman believes the proposition he has sub-
mitted affords a remedy for the difficulties he has
been describing?
Mr. WILSON. I will answer that question
in a few moments. We all know that Kansas
is conquered—that it lies prostrate. Kansas was
invaded; Lawrence was threatened last December
by armed bands from Missouri. That foray
was apologized for on this floor. Since then
Kansas has been invaded; Lawrence has been
sacked—robbed; dwellings have been burned
down, or battered down by cannon; the people
i have been compelled to give up their personal
property, their private arms. Ossawatamie has
; been captured, its people plundered. Many at-
j tacks have been made on the free-State men
throughout the Territory. Kirkapoo rangers
and others are traversing the Territory at the
, present time, and whenever and wherever they
j can do it, they are driving out the free-State men
J | and putting their lives and thdlr property in peril.
|j These facts are before the country; they are
J well known to the world. Now, when Kansas
| lies at your feet, conquered, prostrate, powerless,
i '• subdued"—when lawless bands of armed men
ij are, upon the frontiers of Kansas, disarming
1 peaceable emigrants from the free States, and
| driving them back—when men along the Mis-
souri borders are arresting all immigration into
the Territory—when the news comes to us b.y
telegraph which I have just read—at such a time
we have the proposition to take the census on the
I 4th of July, and to allow the persons who may be
j there 6n that day to vote in November next to
j elect a convention, and form a constitution. The
| leaders of the free-State party are, many of them,
in exile, and others chained and guarded by sol-
diers of the United States, under charges of treason.
i Thepeople are overawed; their*presses have been
destroyed; their burning dwellings have illumined
' the midnight skies; lawless bands of armed men
| are on the frontier turning back peaceable immi-
' grants. Now, when the work has been don#,
