184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 81,
Mr. STANTON. Ton call purchase a clock
for twelve shillings.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well; in that bill
there is an appropriation of $700 made for a
clock; and my colleague would have voted for it
if he had been here. Now, all above twelve shil-
lings, if it were bought at'My colleague's price,
ought to have reverted to the surplus fund. I
merely bring this up by way of illustration to
show my C(5league that, in all these matters, we
must, to some extent, be guided by the Depart-
ments.
Mr. STANTON. I have this to say, in the
matter of the clock. It does not illustrate the ar-
fument at all, nor answer my proposition. If it
ad been a large appropriation I take it for granted
that the Committee of Ways and Means would
have made strict inquiries whether the money
was required for this purpose. If the item were
one of sufficientmagnitude to warrant, they would
unquestionably have inquired more strictly into
it. But suppose that the appropriation for a pub-
lic clock had been §70,000, instead of $700 would
we have voted it without inquiry ? Certainly
not; and if there is anything in what the gentle-
man says, it is simply that the law does not re-
gard trifles, nor do we regard trifles. But on every
sound principle of legislation the House ought
to know something of the necessity and the ex-
pense of procuring the articles for which the
appropriation is made. That is all I ask here.
All I ask is, that you tell me what you want this
money for—that you distribute it^efine it, tell
us what it is for, and what you waWkhis precise
sum for ? I move that the committee now rise..
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentlema^wifl
withdraw his motion until I answer his lasPques-
tion in four lines.
Mr. STANTON. You can answer it in the
morning.
Mr. LETCHER. I would prefer to do so now.
Mr. STANTON. Well, proceed.
Mr. LETCHER. 'I will read four lines here.
The superintendent of Indian affairs, under date
of Jantuuy 29, 183C, states clearly anil distinctly
what he wants this money for. He says:
" In such great peui is this whole community, and so im-
portant ib it tli.it means ail be funnelled to Iced the Indians
flndgivc efficiency to the Indian soivice,llmt it has seemed
to mo indispensable to herid a special messenger to loy our
condition before the President and the Department."
Mr. STANTON. Well, will the gentleman
from Virginia explain to me how that proves the
need of >JUU,000, and that it is wanted to restore
and maintain peace? It does not seem to me to
prove anything of that.
Mr. LETCHER. The President states that
that is the purpose for which ho wants the ap-
propriation.
Mr. STANTON. I have another remark to
make here. If 1 thought that this §300,000 had
any magnet about it, and would absolutely restore
peace, i would not have any hesitation about
voting for it; but I entertain no sort of doubt that,
if the $300,000 had been in Oregon, the war would
have gone on just ay it has gone on. A treaty
can be made without an), advance of money, and
I do not believe that immediate and instantaneous
action on tins bill is goin«; to have any very
fowerful influence on the Indian tribes in Oregon.
think that twenty-four houfs'delay will not
cause any great inconvenience.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman from Ohio
thinks there is no need ,000, why does he
not move an amendment for a smaller sum ?
Mr. STANTON. Because I do not know how
much is needed.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman says that
this amount will not settle the difficulties. How
does he know? Here is the Secretary of the
Interior, who lias charge of the Indian depart-
ment, and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
who makes this report, with the indorsement of
the#resideru of the United States, whose busi-
ness ii is to be informed on these subjects, and
yet the gentleman from Ohio sets up his'judgment
against all of them, to the conclusion that they
know nothing 111 the world about it.
Mr. STANTON. All I have to say upon that
subject is, that I do not take any gentleman's
opinion, whether he be the President of the
United States or the Superintendent of Indian
Affairs. If he wants to convince me that any
definite amount of the public money is required,
let him present his facts and figures, arid I \trili
judge formyself on the facts thus communicated.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. The statement is made
by Governor Stevens, that he has collected five
thousand Indians on a reservation, and that the
expense of keeping them will certainly amount
to $15,000 a month.
Mr. STANTON. And that shows that $180,000
would be enough for a year.
Mr. MARSHALL. But suppose Governor
Stevens should succeed in collecting ten thousand
Indians on the reservation instead of five thou-
sand, so as to diminish the hostile force ?
Mr. STANTON. Then $300,000 will not be
enough. I move that the_ committee rise.
Mr. HAVEN. Would it be in order to move
to amend that motion, so that the committee shall
rise and report the bill to the House, with a rec-
ommendation that it pass?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair tfill remark
that the bill is not in order to be reported to the
House. The amendment has not been passed
upon.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for tell-
ers on the motion to rise.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pringle
and Houston were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 36, noes 51; no quorum voting.
[Loud cries of " Call the roll!" and "Oh,
no!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The rulo is imperative;
the roll must be called.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll; when
Mr. STAJNTON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his motion that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question re-
curred upon the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no quo-
rum here, and I therefore move that the commit-
tee rise. I do not think we ought to sit here and
pttss things, when it is manifest that there is no
quorum present.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose;and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr. Mace)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly a bill making
appropriation, to restore and maintain the peace-
able disposition of the Indian tribes on the Pa-
cific, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Mr. Speaker, my col-
league [Mr. Rust] received information on Fri-
day last, that a brother-in-law had been assassin-
ated, which unfortunate circumstance made it
necessary, m his opinion, that he should return
to his home, that he might administer all the con-
solation in his power to the surviving members of
the family. I know nothing of the circumstances
attending the death of his relative; I only give
such information as my colleague received. He
has paired off generally, for three weeks, with
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Todd,]
and the balance of the month upon the Kansas
question and other kindred subjects. In justice
to my colleague, I have felt called upon to state
fully the reasons for his absence, that his imme-
diate constituents might know the true cause of
his absence, which, no doubt, they will fully ap-
preciate.
And then, on motion by Mr. JONES, of Ten-
nessee, (at ten minutes after five o'clock, p.m.,)
the House adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 31, 1856.
Prayerby theChaplain, Rev. HenryC. Dean.
The J ournal of Thursday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MASON presented a memorial of citizens
of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, for
an amendment to the charter of that town to ex-
tend the right of suffrage; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. FOOT. I am requested to present a peti-
tion of citizens of Vermont, praying for a modi-
fication of the bounty land laws, so that the vol-
unteers who served in the war of 1812 maybe
allowed to prove their claims to pensions and
bounty by parol evidence of service. Inasmuch
as this whole subject was some time since referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and they have
reported upon it, I move that this petition lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY presented eight memorials of steam-
boat pilots on the southern and western waters,
praying for such an amendment of the act of Au-
gust, 1852, for "the better security of the lives
of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole, or in part, by steam," as will insure the
employment of competent pilots on board of such
vessej|; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. WELLER presented a resolution of the
Legislature of California, instructing their Sena-
tor, and requesting their Representatives, to urge
the passage of a law to provide for the complete
and thorough exploration by the United Stated
of %e river Colorado, from Fort Yuma to its
source; which was read, and ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Cali-
fornia, in favor of an act appropriating fifty
thousand stand of arms for the use of that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Cali-
fornia, in favor of the establishment of a collec-
tion district in the northern portion of the State,
and a port of entry at Bucksport, on Humboldt
bay; which was read, and ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
Also, two memorials of Army officers, for an
increase of the commutation price of the Army
ration; which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of citizens of
Indiana, praying for an amendment of the pre-
emption laws, and the confirmation of their titlea
to the lands on which they have settled; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Also, a petition of citizens of Indiana, praying
that the compensation of the register of the land
office at Indianapolis mdy be increased; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of Indiana, praying
for a modification of the bounty land laws; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of Kansas Territory,
praying for an amen&aent of the preemption
laws, the establishmerSR' a land office at Boon-
ville, and of a mail route from the Sac and Fox
agency to Boonville. in that Territory; which
was referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. JONES, of IoWa, presented the petition
of Gotlob Krumin, praying to be allowed the
right of preemption to a certain tract of land upon
which he has settled; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
PAPERS REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of A. S. Bender, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Military
Allans.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred the petition of William J.
Sears, the petition of Robert Morton, the petition
of Nathan Cook, the petition of John Allen, the
petition of Zachariah Corbin, the petition of
Martha Stanton, the petition of Leslie Combs,
and th6 petition of Margaret C. Hanson, all pray-
ing for pensions, submitted an adverse report in
each case; which was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of Abel Jackson, heir of Stephen
Jackson, a revolutionary soldier, praying for a
pension, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Amaziah Goodwin,
reported a bill to increase the pension of Amaziah
Goodwin, of the State of Maine; which was read
a first time, and ordered to a second reading. _
He also, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred the petition of Lieutenant
John Guest, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill, making a reappropriation from the surplus
fund for the relief of Lieutenant John Guest and
