774
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 2,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
against law and against justice, you come to us
"with a proposition to take the census on the 4th
of July, and allow none but those then there to
vote. This you call a compromise measure—a
peace offering •'
Mr. WELLER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. WELLER. Is not the Senator aware of
the fact that Colonel Sumner, who is in command
there, has driven out by force a company from
Missouri, another company from South Carolina,
and a detachment from Alabama, who came into
that Territory with arms in their hands? Does
he not know that they have been driven out of
the Territory in the same way as the company
from Illinois of which he speaks ?
Mr. WILSON. That Colonel Sumner has
driven some of these armed bands out of the
Territory who went there to engage in murder,
plunder, or robbery, I believe to be true. The
immigrants to whom I alluded have not been
turned back by Colonel Sumner, but by the men
whom he drove out of the Territory, who have
possession of the Missouri border, and are driv-
ing away peaceable immigrants on their way to
the Territory.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] has
told us to-night that the Topeka constitution
received only seven hundred votes. The fact is
that the Topeka constitution received one thou-
Band seven hundred and thirty-one votes—more
than three times the number of legal votes ever
given by the slave-State men at any election in
that Territory. There were but forty-six votes
against it. There were one thousand seven hun-
dred and thirty-one in its favor, though the votes
•fjl^iven worth, estimated at five hundred, after
being given, were destroyed, and many of the
strong free-State towns gave no votes at all, be-
cause there had just been an invasion of the Ter-
ritory, and they were prevented by force and
threats from opening the polls. There is every
reason to believe that, on the day when the Topeka
constitution was ratified, it had the support of at
, least three fourths of the legal votes of Kansas.
Since December, hundreds of men who were there
engaged in the quiet pursuits of life, have been
driven out, and are scattered over the free States.
The recognized leaders of the people are in exile
or in chains—exiled from the Territory, or in
chains under charges of treason.
In this condition of affairs, we have this bill
presented to us; and the Senator from Illinois,
the acknowledged leader of his party here, pro-
poses that, before we adjourn, we shall take the
judgment of the Senate upon it.
Now, sir, I am opposed to this bill; and I say
to thQ Senator from Illinois frankly, I prefer the
bill which he offered us at the commencement of
the session. If one or the other is to pass, give
us that. Keep peace in the Territory; let it grow;
and if we are to trust to the people of the Terri-
tory to settle the question,let us have a free peo-
ple—a people so numerous that the invasion of
a few men of Missouri cannot control them. Now
they have the control; now they have conquered
the Territory; now they are masters. I declare
to you what I know to be true, that the men who
have been struggling to make Kansas a free State—
men who have been acting loyally to the Govern-
ment, who have never resisted your laws, say to
us, that the passage of this bill, under present
existing circumstances, will be the establishment
of slavery in that Territory. They think the
passage of this bill will make it a slave State.
So do I.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator will pardon me
for another question; but it seems to be really
just to those who have committed themselves for
this bill. I ask the Senator from Massachusetts
whether, on his side of the question, it lias not
been, on this floor, uniformly assumed that the
free-State party were largely in the majority ?
This is the first time I ever heard any other sue- i
gestion from them. I say this in justice to myself, |
in view of the position which 1 have taken in j
regard to this bill; for, as I have said, I do not act j
with reference to its effect on the question of
slavery. I sustain it in order to settle the exist-
ing difficulties, and produce that settlement by the |
proper parties.
M r. WILSON. The friends offre®jCansas have
maintained from the commencement that they
had a clear majority of the people of that Tern-
! tory. But in November, 1854, they were voted
j down by an invasion from Missouri. In March,
: 1855, according to the report of the committee
j made this day in the House of Representatives,
i forty-nine hundred men from Missouri went into
the Territory, spread themselves over it, con-
quered it, and elected a Legislature of their own.
That Legislature made inhuman and unjust laws
—laws which Senators have told us for months
must be executed, and which they now tell us
are wrong and ought to be repealed. Again,
there was an invasion in October last from Mis-
souri, and a Delegate elected to the other House
by the aid of the invaders' votes. Next, there
j was a military invasion of Kansas in December,
] when the people were plundered and robbed.
When the election came off to ratify the Topeka
constitution, the ballot-boxes were broken up at
Leavenworth, and in other places the people did
notdare toopen the polls; butin spite of all these
acts they gave over seventeen hundred votes for
that constitution.
There was an election on the 15th of January
for a State Legislature, and then the fifth invasion
took place. Since then there has been another
invasion. Organized bands have been traversing
that Territory, and are doing it now, committing
murder, arson, and robbery; warning men to
leave, and under these threats hundreds have left
the Territory, and hundreds have been silenced.
The judicial tribunals of the Territory have been
used to aid the work: men have been indicted
for treason, for the simple offense of having made
a free-State constitution.
Mr. BIGLER. I think I no* understand the
Senator correctly. He intends to say that these
circumstances have driven the free population
out.
Mr. WILSON. Hundreds of them have left
—hundreds dare not act or vote according to their
convictions.
Mr. BIGLER. Now I propose to give a little
outside testimony myself. On the very day, I
think, when I made up my mind fully to go for
this measure of the Senator from Georgia,ftvhiah
was, I believe, the day after it was introduced,
an old friend of mine, whom I have known from
boyhood, whom I know to be an honest and right-
minded man, though just at this time a great deal
' excited on this subject—I mean Mr. Roberts—
. expressed to me the unqualified opinion, not only
' that there was a large majority of the bona fide
citizens now in the Territory against slavery, but
that it was really no longer a serious question
there. I think he said the same thing to the ven-
erable Senator from Michigan.
Mr. WILSON. It may be that there is a free-
State majority there to-day, and I am not at all
clear that there is not; but I tell the Senator from
Pennsylvania that 1 have talked with several gen-
tlemen who have recently come to this city from
that Territory—some of them are now within the
sound of my voice—men who have been there
during the scenes of the last few weeks—who
can judge correctly of the exact state of affairs,
and they say there is no hope of obtaining a fair
expression of the voice of the people of the Ter-
ritory under this bill, and that you cannot pass
any law that will secure a fair expression of the
will of the people now, unless you surround each
poll by a military force of the United States.
This statement is sustained by the report of,the
House committee. A gentleman from that Ter-
ritory, originally from the slave State of Mary-
land—a gentleman who has lived in the Territory
from its settlement—said yesterday, that under
this bill there is no hope whatever of obtaining a
fair expression of the opinions of the people who
reside there—thai the passage of this bill is to con-
sign Kansas over to slavery.
The Senator from Kentucky wishes to know
whether my amendment is all we have to propose.
I tell him no. The reason we wish to repeal
these laws is because they were made by an ille-
gitimate body—a body of men elected by four
thousand nine hundred men from Missouri—
who marched into the Territory, overawed tfie
people, and captured the polls. Congress ought
tit oncc to obliterate all these enactments It
ought at once to place Kansas under the organic
law, and under the Constitution of the United
States, and preserve order and peace there until
laws can be made securing the people in their
rights. _ The Senator says the repeal of these
laws will createanarchy in the Territory. Well,
sir, you have had nothing but anarchy since they
were passed. The free-State men have never
taken advantage of them. No free-State man
ever sued under those laws; and no one ever asked
the protection of his life and property under them.
Lawyers have not, since these statutes were en-
acted, practiced law, because they would not
swear to support the fugitive slave law. The
people of the Territory have lived for more than
a year without any advantages from the territo-
rial laws, without protection from them for their
lives, their property, or their liberties. For re-
maining in that condition you have denounced
them as rebels, as traitors; and now you* have
arraigned some of them for treason.
Sir, the repeal of these laws takes away no secu-
rity of property, of liberty, or of life. The repeal
of these laws takes away odious enactments which
, have been the cause of oppression to the people.
' Take away your laws; arrest the arbitrary con-
duct of your judges; instruct your Federal offi-
cers to take care of the interests of the people; pre-
serve peace and order; then carry out your squat-
ter sovereignty doctrines; admit Kansas into the
Union with her Topeka constitution; that con-
stitution was framed under the authority, and re-
ceived the sanction, of a majority of her people.
If you refuse to admit her into the Union, repeal
these laws, pass other laws protecting the people
in their rights, withdraw Governor Shannon, who
has performed precisely what I told you on the
18th and 19th of February last he intended to
perform, and send a sober, honest, and competent
man to execute the laws. I denounced Governor
Shannon's conduct here four months ago. I told
you of the boasts he made as to what he intended
to do. I warned you that you were empowering
him to go into the Territory to make civil war.
He went there, and civil war has followed. He
has traversed that Territory telling women that if
he could find their husbands he " would cut their
damned hearts out." He has conducted himself
in a manner disgraceful to human nature. When
his character was held up before the Senate in its
true light, you hurried in hot haste to confirm
him. If blood is on his hands., I thank God it is
not on mine. Can Senators who hastened to
confirm his nomination say as much?
Sir, the Senator from Georgia has indulged in
remarks towards the Senator from New York,
towards myself, and others who concur with us
in opinion, that 1 think are uncalled for by any
words which have fallen from us. He has
denounced us as traitors—;as enemies of liberty—
as men who are hostile to the institutions of our
common country. I know of no act of mine,
here or elsewhere, which justifies denunciation of
that character. Traitors! Enemies of liberty!
Traitors to whom? To what? Enemies of lib-
erty because we oppose the extension of slavery
over the continent? Here, and now, I hurl back
these taunts which the Senator from Georgia has
applied to men who have followed the one idea
of universal and impartial liberty steadily, and
who will continue to do so. When the Senator
from Georgia, and other southern men, went into
the Philadelphia Whig Convention in 1848, and
then and there hooted out of the national con-
vention the doctrines of the Wilmot proviso—
when they forced upon the country a soldier
uncommitted on that question, I turned my back
on the Whig party as false to liberty. I believed
then that it was taking a perilous step which
would end in its utter annihilation. That great
party, formerly led by Adams, Webster, and Clay,
with one million four hundred thousand members,
lies in the dust to-day. The Senator from Georgia
and his compeers destroyed it in 1848. That
great party listened to him. It faltered; it wav-
ered; it died! Having ruined that party, the
Senator from Georgia nas fastened himself upon
the Democratic party; but I tell the Senator from
Georgia now, that he, and the men who act with
! him, are putting the Democratic party In a position
where death is sure and inevitable. By dissensions
and divisions among men who think alike arid
