THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
losses which the parties have sustained in giving
such relief.
That is the whole of this bill. The committee,
in their report, have referred to various prece-
dents, where Congress has heretofore given com-
pensation to parties for services which they ren-
dered in cases of this sort. In my judgment, a
stronger case could not be presented to the con-
sideration of Congress than this.' These men
went, not only at the risk of losing their vessel,
but they were themselves in imminent peril, for
all the witnesses testify that they never saw so
violent a storm on the whole of the Pacific coast
as that in which this vessel was wrecked. They
were there one hundred and fifty miles from any
white settlement; there were impassable mount-
ains, covered with snow, between them and the
settlers. They must, unavoidably, have perished,
but for the fact that the captain of. this vessel, at
the peril of his own life, went to their assistance.
Now I ask the Senator from Virginia whether he
is unwilling to vote this compensation, which I
regard as one of the lowestever presented to Con-
gress? I believe that on the Pacific coast you
paid something like $100,000 to a steam vessel to
go down in the pursuit of fillibusters; but here is
a case which lias the strongest claim on every
generous feeling of the human heart. The Sena-
tor from Virginia says there is 110 precedent for
it. If there be no precedent, I am in favor of
establishing one now.
Mr. HUNTER. If this is a good ground of
claim, 1 cannot see why those who put out of
Chesapeake bay, or go out from Florida, to re-
lieve vessels that are wrecked, should not also be
allowed to make a similar claim. The fact that
the captain of the revenue cutter Jefferson Davis
unde'rtook to recommend this matter, gave him
no right to do it. It was a voluntary act on iiis
part. They have no more right to claim com-
pensation, on acco&nt of the recommendation of
the captain of the cutter, than if they had done
the act of their own accord. I know that this is
a praiseworthy thing. These persons are entitled
to all credit; but the Government of the United
States cannot reward in money every act of
humanity. It is impossible for it to do so; and
if we establish this precedent, I do not see why
we should not be called upon to appropriate
money to all those who expose their lives, or it
may be their property, in rescuing persons from
wrecks. I cannot see any difference between
this case and thousands of others in which 110
applications have heretofore been made to Con-
gress for compensation. It is impossible that we
can undertake to pay money for every act of
benevolence and philanthropy of which our peo-
ple may show evidence.
Mr. YULEE. The facts presented by the
committeein this case exbibitextraordmary merit
on the part of the owners of the steamer Major
Tompkins. The boat was a small one, not suited
to sea service. At the time she went to the relief
of the wrecked passengers, a gale was blowing,
and that gale continued for two or three clays. It
is stated by Mr. Anderson to have been the most
severe gale ever known on that coast. This
steamer not only went out into that gale to the
assistance of the passengers, but had to make her
return, and was unable to make port at the point
from which she started, in consequents of the
violence of the sea.
The steamer Southerner, which was lost, had
on board an amount of treasure, six or seven
thousand dollars, belonging to the United States,
in charge of a paymaster who was 011 board, and
from whom, among the papers, will be found a
very strong letter 111 testimony of the remarkable
gallantry exhibited by the captain of the steamer.
There were over fifty passengers, many of them
females. They were on a coast desolate and sep-
arated from the populated portion of that region
by mountains covered witfi snow, and separated,
too, by tribes of Indians, whose friendship was
by no means certain at that time, and who have
since exhibited in acts of hostility the reasonable-
ness of the fear which made these rescued pas-
sengers unwilling to trust themselves to exposure
ill traveling through that territory. It was neces-
sary that they should be relieved. The Govern-
ment made an effort with the revenue cutter to
give relief, but were unable to do so, and at the
instance of Government officers this steamer took
the service. It deserves recompense from some
quarter. The money of the Government was
saved; the officer of the Government was re-
lieved; these passengers, who were wrecked on
a desolate coast, were relieved, and brought safely
into port.
My friend from' Virginia objects that the prin-
ciple involved in the allowance which the com-
mittee propose is a new one. I cannot agree
with him that it is so. We found numerous in-
stances in which relief was granted by Congress
for damages incurred in rendering relief to
wrecked vessels, and wrecked passengers.
Mr. HUNTER. Wrecked'on a foreign coast.
Mr. YULEE. My friend says, " wrecked on
a foreign coast." That point is immaterial, as to
the question of principle. If it isproper to grant
relief to American vessels, for services rendered
by them in saving the lives of passengers and the
money of the Government on wrecks, it is im-
material whether that wreck be on a foreign coast
or a home coast. If the men are relieved from
any other quarter, the obligation exists in the one
case as much as the other. I would ask my friend
on what ground it is—on what principle it is—that
he makes an annual report from his committee
of large appropriations for the furnishing of life-
boats and other facilities for the relief of passen-
gers and wrecked vessels on the whole coast of
the United States—upon what principle does that
rest? Can it rest on any other principle than that
on which this bill is placed? It is for the relief
of commerce; it is rendered necessary by the
exigencies of that department of the national
interests. The encouragement of this service is
one which, of course, this Government should,
like every individual, stimulate by all means in
its power.. But, 1 ask my friend, on what prin-
ciple he rests that relief to the eomme.rce of the
country to which I have just referred, so as to
distinguish it from the appropriation which we
now propose in this case? I would like to hear
an answer from him.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I must say,
that I have always regarded that kind of appro-
priation as one of doubtful propriety—as one
which was carried more by the benevolence of
the object than by its being strictly within the
necessary sphere of the General Government. It
has not, however, been carried to any great
length; but here is a case in which it is proposed
to extend the principle so far that we shall be
bound to remunerate everybody who rescues a
ship that is wrecked. Anybody who has per-
formed an act of benevolence of this character,
after the passage of this bill, according to this
precedent, will be entitled to come here and ask
us to reward him in money.
Now, sir, nobody can appreciate such acts
more highly than myself; but there are some acts
which, with our Government and our people,
must be their own reward. It would be impos-
sible, even if the Government should undertake
it, to remunerate in money acts of generosity
and self-devotion. If we begin with this, where
is it to end ? What will be the extent of the ap-
propriations we shall have to make along the
eoust, in order to reward the thousands of per-
sons who will be as much entitled to come in for
compensation as the owners of this vessel?
Mr. YULEE. My friend does not show me
any distinction in principle; it was that I wanted.
He reports appropriations, with the sanction of
his committee, annually, for the relief of wrecked
vessels and wrecked passengers, by the use of
life-boats and other means, and the Government
employs persons constantly in that service on the
coast of the United States, immediately under the
eye of the custom-house officers. Now, I am
unable to distinguish between the principle upon
which the Committee on Claims have acted in
this case, and that 011 which the Committee on
Finance make constantly the recommendation of
appropriation to which I have alluded.
Cut my friend says that acts of self-devotion
must be their own reward. Very well; the act
of self-devotion by which the lives of Mr. Scran-
ton and his associates were jeoparded in the relief
of these passengers finds its reward in their own
approving consciences, and no compensation is
proposed by the committee for that. The com-
mittee propose only to pay the owners of the j
vessel for the use of their property—property J
which, in consequence of its appropriation to this |
purpose, was actually afterwards totally lost to i
them. We might have gone much beyond the
appropriation which we recommended to Con-
gress, and have found precedents for paying to
the owners the value of the vessel which was lost
in consequence of the rendering of this service.
I recollect very well the case of a steamer which,
in consequence of her going to the relief of pas-
sengers on board another steamer which had ex-
ploded at sea while hired by the United States,
had some damage done to her boiler, and that
damage, two orthreeyears afterwards caused her
to be lost; so the captain and the owners claimed,,
and Congress passed a bill, paying to the owners
the whole value of that steamer. 1 do not re-
member her name, but I recollect the case very
well.
On the same precedent which was established
at that time we might have gone further than we
have gone, and reported remuneration to the
owners for the loss of the steamer, which, it ap-
peared from the evidence, resulted from damage
incurred to the machinery in encountering the
heavy sea in that sound. Now, looking at the
fact that it was an exceedingly and unusually
meritorious exposure of life and property, not
simply in the cause of humanity for the relief of
these passengers and the wrecked steamer, but
for the relief of a United States officer who was
on duty on board the wrecked vessel, with a con-
siderable amount of Government treasure, which,
as Major Alvord, the paymaster, states would
have been exposed to entire loss but for the relief
afforded by this steamer, the committee thought
they might reasonably follow the precedents
which were very numerous by making the owners
this allowance—an allowance which I apprehend
hardly does justice to them, for we reduced their
claim to an amount much below what the gentle-
man representing that region of country thought,
under the circumstances, was proper. I myself
am opposed to loose expenditures, and it was with
some difficulty that I brought myself in the first
instance to examine the case; but when I did, X
became satisfied that it was a case in which,upon
every ordinary principle of propriety, we ought
to make an allowance.
Mr. HUNTER. My friend from Florida
speaks of the appropriations for life-boats. Sure-
ly there must be a great deal of difference in point
of expediency between a small appropriation of
that sort, which is made by the Government to
be expended under its direction, and at certain
points along which these facilities are distributed,
where we know what we are doing and the
lengths to which we are going, and a case of this
kind, which may involve us in a practice that
may carry us we know not to what lengths.
Nobody can tell what amount we shall have to
pay if we once begin to act on the principle that
whoever does an act of benevolence or kindness
towards one of the citizens of the United States
is entitled, if it cost him any labor, or danger, or
trouble, to come here and dSemand remuneration
for it. In the other case it is a small appropria-
tion; we know that we can regulate the expend-
iture, and we know on what principle it is reg-
ulated; it cannot lead to any great abuse; but
we know that here, when we have established
this principle, it, may lead to very great abuses
and very great difficulties.
Mr. YULEE. It is the question of authority
to which I called the attention of my friend.
Mr. HUNTER. I have never raised the ques-
tion of power. I speak of the question of expe-
diency.
Mr. CASS. I do not wish to take any part in
the discussion; I only wish to ask the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Finance and the
honorable Senatorfrom Florida, upon what clause
in the Constitution they mutually rely for our
power to prepare life-boats, to preserve ships
from wreck, or to reward the people who do it?
J have no difficulty myself 011 such questions,
but I should like to know where they find the
clause authorizing such expenditures.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator direct his
question to me ?
Mr. CASS. Yes, sir; to the chairman of the
Committee on Finance; as well as the Senator
from Florida.
Mr. HUNTER. So far as I am concerned, I think
there is great difference between the jurisdiction
of the United States on the deep seas, where it
has the sole and exclusive jurisdiction, and on
