50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sec.2. Andbeil further enacted, That the Com- :
missioner of the General Land Office shall, upon
the receipt of a plat and certificate of survey of
the said tract of land, legally executed by the
proper officer, issue a patent for the same: Pro-
;vided, however, That such patent shajl only op-
erate as a relinquishment on the part of the united
States, and shall not affect or prejudice the rights
-of any third person.
Approved, August 6,1856.
No. 38.—An Act for the relief of Mrs. M. E.
McKnight, Widow of Francis M. McKnight.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America hi Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
upon the pension list the name of Mrs. M. E.
McKnight, widow of Francis M. Mc.Knight, who
was, while in the discharge of his duty as an
artificer of ordnance, accidentally killed on the
twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, in the same manner as if he had been killed
in battle—her pension to commence upon the day
of the death of her late husband.
Approved, August 6, 185G.
No. 39.—An Act for the relief of Joseph Hill,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amaicain Congress
assembled, That the pension allowed to Joseph
Hill,an invalid pensioner, be increased to twelve
dollars per month, from June twenty-live, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-six, and to continue during
his natural life.
Approved, August 6, 185G.
No. 40.—An Act to confirm Joseph Wandestrand
in his Title to certain Lands.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and IJousc of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amer ica in Congress
assembled, That Joseph Wandestrand be, and he
is hereby, confirmed in his title to a certain tract
of land in the State of Louisiana, and described
as follows, to wit: Section* numbered fifty-live,
fifty-six, and fifty-seven, in township numbered
twelve south, of nin°re numbered ten east, (east
of the Mississippi river,) in the southeastern dis-
trict of Louisiana.: Provided, That this act shall
only be construed to be a relinquishment on the
part of the United States: and shall not prejudice,
or m any way affect, the rights of any third per-
son.
Ai'mo\Eo3 August G, 1850.
No. 41,—-An Act for the ltd iff of Iliehard Al-
bntton.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Amet ica in Co tigress
assembled, That Richard Albutton ho, and he is
hereby, authorized to locate, free of cost, six
hundred and forty acres of land, upon any of the
public lands belonging to the United States, and
subject to private entry, at the minimum price.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatthe loca-
tion so made shall be m full compensation to the
said Richard Albritton for a coituin private laud
claim for six hundred and fotty acrcs, imported
for confirmation by James 0. Crosby, commis-
sioner, under date of June seven, eighteen hun-
dred and thirteen, and confirmed by the Met of
Congress approved March three, eighteen hun-
dred and nineteen.
Skc.3. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, upon the
receipt of the certificate from the proper land
office, shall issue a patent to the said Richard
Albritton for the lands authorized to be located
by this act.
Approved, August 6, 1856.
No. 42.—An Act to incorporate the Columbia
Library of Capitol Hill, in the City of Wash-
ington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That James Adams, as president, and
Jacqueline S. Pendleton, William U. Winter,
James A. Brown, James A. Tait, and James Mc-
Dermott, and their successors duly elected or
appointed in the manner hereinafter directed, be,
and they are hereby, made, declared, and consti-
tuted a corporation or body-politic, in law and in
fact, to have continuance forever by the name,
style, and title of "The Columbia Library of
Capitol Hill, in the City of Washington," and
by that name, style, and title, shall be hereafter
forever able and capable, m law and equity, to sue
and be sued, plead and be impleaded, answer and
be answered unto, defend and be defended in any
court or courts, or other places, and before any
judge or judges, justice or justices orotherper-
son, whatsoever, within the District of Columbia,
or elsewhere, in all and all manner of suits, ac-
tions, complaints, pleas, causes, matters, and
demands of whatever kind or nature they may be,
in as full and effectual a manner as any other
person or persons, bodies-politic or corporate may
or can do.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all and
singular the goods, chattels, and other effects of
what kind or nature soever heretofore given,
granted, or devised to the said library, or to any
person or persons for the use thereof, or that may
nave been purchased for or on account of the same,
be, and the said goods and chattels, and other
effects, are hereby vested in and confirmed to the
said corporation. And the said corporation may
take and receive any sum or sums of money or
any goods, chattels, or other effects of what kind
or nature soever which shall ar may hereafter be
given, granted, or bequeathed unto them by any
person or persons, bodies-politic or corporate,
capable of making such gift, grant, or bequest:
Provided, That the goods, chattels, and other
effects vested in and confirmed to said corporation,
and the moneys, goods, chattels, and other effects
which by this act the said corporation is author-
ized hereafter to receive, shall not in the whole
exceed the value of one hundred thousand dollars.
S'ec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
corporation shall have full power and authority to
make, have, and use a common seal, with such
device and inscription as they shall think proper,
and the uamc to break, alter, and renew at pleas-
ure; to appoint a treasurer and librarian, and such
other officers as they may from time to time deem
necessary: to assign them their duties, fix their
compensation and remove him or them from office,
and appoint another or others in his or their place
as often as they phall think fit; to make, ordain,
esinblish, and execute such by-laws and ordi-
nances as may be deemed useful to the said li-
brary, and the same to alter, amend, or abrogate
at pleasure: to procure by purchase or otherwise
a suitable place for keeping1 the library; to appoint
the Lime for keeping the library open or for taking
out and returning books; to fill up vacancies that
may happen in their own body between two an-
nual elections; to levy and collect fines and for-
feitures; and to determine upon, do, and transact
ail business and matters appertaining to the said
corporation rind libraiy, agreeable to the rules,
ord'thtiv. ea, and by-laws thereof during their con-
tinuance m office: Provided, That no less than a
majority of the said directors be a quorum to do
business; that no rule, ordinance, or by-law be
made repugnant to the laws of the District of
Columbia or of the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enaclcd, That an elec-
tion for seven directors of this corporation shad
:f be held on the first Monday of April next and on
' the first Monday in April annually thereafter at
the library-room, under 1 he direction of such per-
sons as the present directors and their successors
may appoint, which appointment shall be at least
ten days previous to the. day of election. They
shall alio publish the names of the persons so
i appointed to hold the election, in some paper pub-
i hshed in the city of Washington, at least three
1 days previous to such election being held, the
! polls for which shall be kept open from three to
; nine o "clock, p. m. A nd no person shall be eligi-
; blc as a director, or have a right to vote for a
!j director, who is not at the time of voting or being
1: voted for, a member of the Columbia Fire Com-
i! pany of the city of Washington, or who shall bo
j, m arrears to the said library for any annual con-
■\ tribufions, fines, or forfeitures; all persons qual-
j; fieri to vote, may vote cither personally or by
proxy, by ballot.
v^kc. 5. And he if fmjher ennctcd. That this act
may be repealed, altered, or amended at any time
by the Congress of the United States.
Sec. 6. Andbe itfurther enacted, That thedirect-
ors of this library for the time being shall be
responsible for the debts and liabilities thereof
which may have been created or incurred during
their respective continuance in office as such
directors.
Sec, 7. Andbe it farther enacted. That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and directed to furnish to said library
bound copies of the laws of the United States.
And to furnish annually thereto a bound copy of
all documents, journals, laws, and State papers
which shall hereafter be published by the authority
of Congress.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That nothing
in this act shall be so construed as to authorize
the said corporation to issue any note, token,
device, scrip, or other evidence of debt to be used
as a currency in this District or elsewhere.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the debts
and liabilities of the said corporation shall not
at any time exceed the amount of their capital,
and that each stockholder shall be held liable, in
his or her individual capacity, forall the debts and
liabilities of the corporation, however incurred or
contracted, to be secured by suit, as other debts
and liabilities in any court, or before any tribunal,
havingjurisdiction of the case.
Approved, August 11, 1856
No. 43.—An Act to establish a Library for Young
Men in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That James Dunlop, Chief Justice of
the Circuit Court in the District of Columbia; John
T. Towers, Mayor of the city of Washington;
Henry Addison, Mayor of the city of George-
town; Joseph Henry, Secretary of the Smithso-
nian Institution; John S. Median, Librarian for
Congress, and their successors in said respective
offices, with such person as the Mayor of Wash-
ington may designate, and with such person as
the Mayor of Georgetown may designate, are
hereby created a corporate body forever, under
the name of Columbia's Library for Young Men,
and in that name to sue and be sued, in any court
of competent jurisdiction.
Sec. 2. And be itfurther enacted, That said cor-
poration may receive and possess property, real
and personal, not exceeding in value one hundred
thousand dollars, for a library, for the purpose
aforesaid. If a lot and house shall be granted,
or devised for said library, and the same shall be
accepted by said corporation, no sale thereof shall
be made without the consent of Congress.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That power
is given to said corporation to appoint needful
officers, messengers, and laborers, and to com-
pensate them; to pass such by-laws, rules, and
regulations as may be necessary to carry into
effect this act; to alter, amend, or revoke them;
to limit the ages within which the young men of
said District may be entitled to the benefit of this
act; to diffuse knowledge among them in such
ways as shall be best calculated to instruct them,
to elevate their morals, and fit them for useful-
ness, and to receive assurances of permanent aid
from the corporations of Washi ngton and George-
town, and either of them, to sustain said institu-
tion by annual or other aid.
Sec. 4. And be itfurther enacted, That the cor-
porations may elect a presiding officer from one
of their number. If this shall be omitted, the
person holding the office first named shall preside,
if present, and in succession, in case of absence,
in the order of the offices designated in the first
section.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
meeting to organize may be held at such time and
place within said District, as a majority may
designate, having given notice in writing three
days to all the members. Semi-annual meetings
; to be held at the library-room, on the first Mon-
j days of January and July. All votes, resolu-
I tions, by-laws, regulations,and other proceedings
'! to be recorded, and subject to the inspection of
ij each of the corporations of Washington and
«• Georgetown, or committee of either.
