1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
property of said corporation shall be exempted
from all public assessments and taxes so long as
the same shall remain dedicated to the , purposes
of a library.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That each
person designated as provided by the Mayor of
Washington or Georgetown, may hold his ap-
pointment two years, and until his successor shall
be appointed.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be lawful for Congress at any time hereafter to
amend or repeal this act.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That nothing
in this act shall be construed to authorize said
corporation to make, issue, or put in circulation,
any bill, draft, check, promissory note, or change
ticket, or anything else promising or agreeing to
pay money, intended to circulate as money, or
the tendency of which shall be to circulate as
money or currency. And the violations of any
one of the provisions of this section shall be a
forfeiture of the charter herein granted, and a
fine of fifty dollars against each one of the di-
rectors voting for the same.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
debts and liabilities of the, said corporation shall
not at any time exceed th'e amount of their cap-
ital, and that each stockholder shall be held liable,
in his or her individual capacity, for all the debts
and liabilities of the corporation, however in-
curred or contracted, to be recovered by suit, as
other debts and liabilities, in any court, or before
any tribunal having jurisdiction in the case.
Approved, August 11, 1856.
No. 44.—An Act for the relief of Bridget Maher
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to settle
and adjust the claim of Mrs. Bridget Maher, for
boarding certain Cherokee Indians from the State
of North Carolina, disallowed by him on the
nineteenth of July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, and to pay to her, out of any moneys not
otherwise appropriated, such sum of money as
she is in justice entitled to: Provided, That the
sum so settled and adjusted shall not exceed the
sum of two hundred and ninety-three dollars.
Approved, August 11, 1856.
No. 45.—An Act to continue the Pension of Mrs.
Nancy Weatherford.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the pension granted to Nancy
"Weatherford, by (he act of Congress entitled
" An act for the relief of Mrs. Nancy Weather-
ford, widow of Colonel William Weatherford,
of the first regiment of Illinois volunteers in the
Mexican war," be, and the same is hereby, con-
tinued for five years, from the fourth day of July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four.
Approved, August 11, 1856.
No. 46.—An Act for the relief of Benjamin La
Fonte, William Altenburg, and others.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Benjamin La Fonte be, and lie is
hereby, authorized to enter the north half of
northeast quarter of section thirty-six, township
twenty-nine north, range twenty-three west;
that William Altenburg be, and he is hereby,
. authorized to enter the southeast quarter of sec-
tion thirty-six, in township twenty-seven, of
range twenty-one west; that William Davern be,
and he is hereby authorized to enter the south-
east quarter of section number sixteen, in town-
ship twenty-eight north, of range number twenty-
three west; that Louis Larivie be, and he is here-
by, authorized to enter the northwest quarter of
the southwest quarter, and lots numbered one
and two of section sixteen, in township twenty-
nine north, of range twenty-two west, (all of said
lands being in the Stillwater land district, Minne-
sota Territory,) upon payment by said Benjamin
La Fonte, William Altenburg, William Davern,
and Louis Laravie of the usual minimum of one
dollar and twenty'five cents per acre; and the
Commissioner of the General Land Office is di-
rected to issue patents on said entries.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, .That the
superintendent of public schools in thss Territory
of Minnesota is hereby authorized to select, in
equal amounts,, other lands in said Territory for
the use of public schools in lieu of the lands
herein granted.
Approved, August 11, 1856.
No. 47.—An Act for the relief of Robert Mitchell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House cf Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Robert Mitchell be, and lfe is
hereby, authorized to enter lots B, C, and D, of
fractional section nineteen, in township sixteen,
of range twenty-one east, in the district of lands
subject to sale at Montgomery, Alabama, upon
his producing-proof, satisfactory to the land offi-
cers for said district, and subject to the approval
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
of the occupancy and improvement of said lands,
and paying therefor the minimum price of one
dollar and twenty-five cents per acre; and, upon
such proof and payment being made, a certificate
and patent shall issue for said lots as in other
cases of sales of public lands.
Approved, August 11, 1856.
No. 48.—An Act for the relief of the " Colum-
bian Harmony Society,"of the City of Wash-
ington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the association of free persons of
color in the city of Washington, commonly known
as the "Columbia Harmony Society," be, and
they are hereby, authorized and empowered to
sell a certain square of ground, deeded to them on
the twenty-sixth day of January, one thousand
eight hundred and twenty-nine, by J. Elgar,
Commissioner of Public Buildings, and known
in the plat of Washington city as square number
four hundred and seventy-five, and to reinvest
the proceeds of such sale in other grounds in the
District of Columbia, outside of the corporate
limits of the city of Washington: Provided, That
no contract for the sale of said square shall be
binding until first approved by the Secretary of
the Interior, and that the reinvestment of the
funds arising from such sale, shall in like man-
ner be subject to the approval of the Secretary
aforesaid.
Approved, August 11, 185C.
No. 49.—An Act for the relief of Daniel Do-
land.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Daniel Doland, a private in Captain Steele's com-
pany of New York volunteers, during the Mex-
ican war, on the roll of invalid pensioners, and
pay him the sum of six dollars and seventy-five
cents per month, from the first day of January,
eighteen hundred and tifty-five, during his natural
life.
Approved, August 13, 1856.
No. 50.—An Act for the relief of Charles Stearns.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to Charles Stearns, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
five thousand dollars, to indemnify him for losses
sustained and expenses incurred m defending his
title to certain lands claimed by the United States;
and also in defending two criminal prosecutions
brought against him by direction of the Secretary
of War.
Approved, August 13, 1856.
No. 51.—An Act to construe the Act entitled
" An Act for the relief of James M. Goggin,"
approved twenty-seventh July, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Atnericain Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General' be, and
is hereby, authorized' and required, so' to conr-
strue the act of Congress, approved twenty-
seventh July, eighteen' hundred, and fifty-four.for
the relief of James M. Goggin, late special agent
of the Post Office Department in. California, as
that he shall be paid the same salary for the. time
he acted as such agent, as is tiowpaid to his suc-
: cessor in office under the present law; and also
| the amount for office rent and clerk hire,'-which;
| may be shown by proper vouchers to have been
| actually paid by him for the same. , •
> Approved, August 1, 1856.
; No. 59.—An Act granting a Pension to Ansel
j Wilkinson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home qf Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior b>4
hereby required to place on the pension roll, at
the rate of seventeen dollars and fifty cents per
month, to commence from the nineteenth Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, the name
i of Ansel Wilkinson, which said Ansel "Wllkiri-
; son was seriously injured while doing service "as
| a pilot on board the United States schooner Ariel,
j in the action fought on Lake Erie, under the com-
; mand of Oliver H. Perry, on the tenth September,
j eighteen hundred and thirteen.
I Approved, August 13,1856.
No. 53.—An Act for the relief of J. R. Powell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby, authorized and required to pay to
J. R. Powell a reasonable compensation for the
additional expense incurred by him and extra
services performed on mail route number five
thousand five hundred and eighty-five, made
necessary by imposing on said route a larger
mail than was contemplated at the time of making
the contract.
Approved, August 13, 1856.
No. 54.—An Act granting a Pension to MiH
Olivia W. Cannon, Widow of Joseph S. Can-
non, late a Midshipman in the United States
Navy, now deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to'Mrs. Olivia
W. Cannon, widow of Joseph S. Cannon, late a
midshipman in the United States Navy, now
deceased, a sum equal to five years' half pay of
her deceased husband's grade in the Navy, esti-
mated according to his pay for active sea service,
under act of second March, eighteen hundred
and thirty-five: Provided, That said half-pay pen-
sion shall be paid from any money appropriated,
or to be appropriated, to pay the half-pay pen-
sions of widows and orphans of the Navy, and
that no sale, transfer, or mortgage of the whole
or any part of the sum granted by this act, mads
prior to the taking effect hereof, shall be valid.
Approved, August 16, 1856.
No. 55.—An Act for the relief of Isaac Adams.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
i sentalives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the letters-patent granted to Isaac
Adams on the fourteenth day of October, in the
year eighteen hundred and thirty, for new and
useful improvements in the printing machine
called the power printing press, and also letters-
patent granted to the said Adams on the second
day of March, in the year eighteen hundred and
thirty-six, for additional improvements in the
power printing press, be, and the same are hereby,
renewed, revived, and extended, for the term
commencing with the date of the passage of this
act, and ending on the second day of March,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, for the benefit
of said Adams, his heirs and legal representa-
tives; and the Commissioner of Patents is hereby
directed, upon the presentation of said patents,
and the payment of the fees and charges pro vided
by law, to renew, revive, and extend said patents,
by making a certificate on each of said patents,
