1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1511
the shore, where it has but a divided jurisdiction
with the States. It has much more power in the
one ease than in the other. It has all the power
that an American Government has in the deep
cea; but when you come to the shore, there you
have a divided jurisdiction with the States. There
is a very greijt difference between the power to
make a harbor or dig a canal within the jurisdic-
tion of the States, and the exercise of jurisdiction
on the deep sea, where there is no State to exer-
cise any jurisdiction. There is the difference.
Mr. CASS. I did not rfefer to the jurisdiction
of Congress. I referred to its power to save ships
fi om wreck wherever they are. That is the point.
1 ask, if it is under the general power to regulate
commerce. That 1 suppose is the only power in
the case. Tf so, there are some who would carry
the power to what we consider to be its true
extent. In other words, we contend that, if the
power to regulate commerce is a power to aid com-
merce—which is the only power that can be main-
tained—there are other ways, as Mr. Calhoun
said, in which commerce may be aided besides
that.
Mr.YTJLEE. I did not consider that the ques-
tion of power would arise in this case. I do not
think it necessary to show any constitutional
authority. It stands upon an entirely different
ground, and upon a principle above even that on
which my friend from Virginia rests Ms life-boat
expenditures. It recommended itself to me on
this ground, and on this ground I deem it to be
sufficiently sustained, to wit: that here was an
officer of the United States Government, in the
discharge of public duties,arrested by a wreck on
a desolate coast, m charge of a large amount of
public funds. I am willing to rest the compen-
sation allowed in this case, on the fact that these
parties went to the relief of an officer of the United
States engaged in his public duty, and having in
his custody a large amount of the public money;
and I will appropriate to all others who give aid
to a Government officer, and protection to the
Government property under like circumstances,
a liberal and just reward. I consider that the
case recommends itself on that ground sufficiently
to our support, and that it is unnecessary to go
beyond that, and seek for support from the Con-
stitution on any general grant.
Mr. WELLER. I believe the Senator from
Virginia thinks we can make appropriations for
life-boats on the ground that they are to be used
on the deep seas, and that the Federal Govern-
ment has power to legislate for such purposes. I
believe it is not very usual to use life-boats on
the deep seas. I thought they were used on the
coast, and that the jurisdiction of the States ex-
tended one league irito the sea, so that the appro-
priations for life-boats are used exclusively within
the jurisdiction of the States, and not upon the
high sea, or the " deep sea," as the Senator from
Vireinia has it. Then if, as he states, you have
power to make appropriations for that purpose,
with a fall knowledge of the fact that the boats
are to be used witbm the limits of the States, 1
think the Senator from Virginia is himself upon
the high seas, and that, too, withoutany compass
to guide him.
But in regard to this particular bill, it appears
from the proof that there was a portion of the
public treasure saved. If it had not been for the
acts of these parties, that treasure must have been
lost to the Government; and the Senator from
Virginia is unwilling to make any remuneration
for°the services tendered by this boat in saving
the public money, because it was a mere act of
humanity—an act of humanity by which, while
saving that treasure, they saved also the lives of
fifty human beities who were ill that vessel.
1 ask, Mr. President, whether the Senate is not
willm", under these circumstances, to make some
remuneration to the owneis of this vessel? The
Government revenue cutter was unable to render
(he assistance, and the proper officer made a con-
tract to pay $.600 to be towed out of Puget
Sound. Does the Senator from Virginia repudiate
that contract? Is he not willing to make some
comnensation to the owners of this vessel for as-
sisting that revenue cutter in the storm, when she
was unable to beat ag8inst the wind outside of
Puget Sound ? Is he unwilling to make some
remuneration for saving this amount of money to
the national Treasury, even putting it on that
ground ? I say, assuming the position that you
ought not to reward men for mere acts of human-
ity; put it on the ground that there is no obliga-
tion resting on this Government to pay a man
who perils his life to save that of others; put it
upon the ground that these acts are acts only per-
formed from pure principles of humanity, is there
not an obligation still resting on this Government
to make some remuneration for saving the pro-
perty and treasure of the nation? I ask you, Mr.
President, if you put it on that principle alone,
whether it would be just and right in a generous
Government to refuse to make some compensa-
tion for the extraordinary services that have thus
been rendered?
The Senator from Florida has already told you
that this was no ordinary case. It is very rarely
that we have violent storms on the Pacific coast.
That ocean has been very properly named—it is
a pacific one. But, sir, there are storms there
occasionally in which there is a vast amount of
property lost. It was in one of those most
extraordinary storms that the Southerner, plying
between San Francisco and Oregon, had been
wrecked. There they were. Would the Senator
from Virginia have had these men refuse to per-
form this service? When the revenue cutter was
unable to proceed to their relief, would he have
had them fold their arms and say, " They shall
either find a watery grave, or shall be toma-
hawked by the hostile Indians in that neighbor-
hood?" If these men, from principles of humanity,
from a desire to save not only the property of
the Government, but the lives of their fellow-
beings, did sustain any damages in the prosecu-
tion of that design, every principle of justice
requires that we should make some compensation
for it. As I stated to the Senator before, if there
be no precedent, I will establish the precedent
now, of making compensation to those who,
under extraordinary circumstances, have per-
formed acts which endangered their own lives.
If these parties have been willing to go out with
their steamer—a small one, too, adapted only for
the navigation of Puget Sound—if they were
willing, when this storm was raging and howling
around them, to risk their lives and their vessel,
in order to save Government property or human
life, I will make some compensation for their
services. I could not find it in my heart to
refuse; and I would have this Government, so
far as I am concerned, do what a just and an
honorable man ought to do for himself. That
which I would be willing to remunerate myself
as an individual, 1 am willing that this Govern-
ment shall remunerate. Where a man had saved
my property, or had saved the lives of my family,
i I should feel compelled, by every principle of
honor, to make some remuneration for his ser-
vices; and, so far as my vote is concerned, I will
compel the Government to do in public matters
what honor would require me to do in private
affairs.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to this life-boat
service, if the Senator from California's idea about
it be true—if he can show that it is a matter exer-
cised within State jurisdiction, then I admit it
does not belong to the General Government. So
far as this question is concerned, of the jurisdic-
tion of the United States over foreign commerce
on the deep seas, and its jurisdiction over com-
merce at home, it must be obvious to everybody,
that we exercise on the seas what we cannot pre-
tend to exercise at home. We exercise there all
the power that any Government exercises—power
over property, over meum and tuum—power over
persons. We have, under that authority, estab-
lished a court in China, by which we try individ-
uals for every offense—offenses which we cannot
try within the limits of the States. Why is it?
Because the jurisdiction and power of the United
States are greater where they are the only Gov-
ernment who have jurisdiction and power, than
where they have to divide this jurisdiction and
this power with the State governments.
I have always believed that the light-houses
which were designed to guide the path of vessels
where alone the "United States had the jurisdic-
tion on the deep sea, might be maintained on the
ground that they were ''needful buildings'5 to
enable the Government of the United States to ex-
orcise jurisdiction where it is the only American
Government that can exercise jurisdiction. That
rests upon a very different ground from making
a harbor or digging out a canal, or making a road
within the limits and jurisdiction of a State
government. I believe that principle can be
maintained everywhere. I know that it is estab-
lished in the practice of the Government.. . •
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, this is nota qucs-
tion of jurisdiction at all. There is no such pro-
vision m the Constitution as jurisdiction over
the high seas and shallow seas—there is no such
word m it from the beginning to the end. The
only clause upon which you can rely for juris-
diction is that clause which authorizes you to
regulate commerce. I defy any man to find an-
other in the Constitution. 1 am not going to argue
that point. I perhaps shall enter upon it here-
after. If the phrase,'' regulate commerce,'' means
strictly, within its narrowest construction, the
power only to prescribe how far commerce shall
be guarded 
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Michigan
will permit me to ask one question. Does he con-
tend that we have the same power over the regu-
lation of commerce in the States as in the West
Indies or China?
Mr. CASS. Precisely; the words are the same,
and, as Judge Marshall once said—I think it was
Judge Marshall, or some high judiciary officer—
you cannot put a different construction on words
of the same kind in the same sentence. You
must not bring your jurisdiction in conflict with
the State authorities, I agree; but if a murder is
committed on alicensedboat of the United States
in any of her waters, I take, it the courts of the
United States have jurisdiction as much as if it
was on the high seas. The power is " to regu-
late commerce with foreign nations, among the
several States, and with the Indian tribes." Those
are the words of the Constitution. I will merely
observe again, that it is not a question of juris-
diction; and if the word "regulate"is to be taken
within its narrowest possible construction, to wit:
a power only to say how a thing shall be done,
you have no authority to expend a single dollar
for light-houses or anything else. But if the power
to regulate commerce includes, likewise, a power
to aid commerce, as the First Congress under the
Constitution decided, by the establishment of
light-houses, buoys, and other things, then how
far you shall go in aiding commerce becomes dis-
cretionary. This is all 1 have to say at present.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I have but a
single word to say, and then I hope the vote will be
taken. I will say, for the purpose of recalling the
attention of the Senate to the particular question
before them, that the ground on which I was sat-
isfied to rest the propriety of this appropriation
was, that here was a public officer in the discharge
of public duty, in charge of public funds at haz-
ard. At the request of the proper functionaries,
efforts were made for relief. I think we may be
warranted on this ground in making remunera-
tion.
It was objected by the Senator from Virginia,
that this was the introduction of a new principle.
To meet that objection, I called his attention to a
class of appropriations which he was annually
introducing from the Committee on Finance; be-
tween the principle applicable to which, and the
principle on which this bill would rest, independ-
ently of the consideration I have before suggested,
no difference could be drawn. I believe he has
not been able to point out the distinction.
But he suggested, in reference to the precedents
cited in the report, that these were cases occur-
ring abroad, while the particular case now before
the Senate had occured on the shores of our own
country. I ask him again to show me on what
ground he can distinguish between the cases? On
what different principles can they rest? We cite
you a case of relief given by a merchant vessel
upon the occurrence of a wreck in the Feejes
Islands. If we have a right to give relief there,
have we not here ?
Mr. HUNTER. I have notbeen disputing the
right, but the expediency.
Mr. YULEE. Ah, well!
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator says "Ah,
well!" I told him the same thing half an hour
ago.
Mr. YULEE. The gentleman charged that
this was a new principle.
Mr. HUNTER. I say so still. It is a new
principle of legislation; not a new principle of
power under the Constitution.
Mr. YULEE. If it is a mere question of expe-
