1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
34th Cong....1st. Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
feel alike, that party may stagger along a few
months, perhaps a few years, but it will go to its
political grave, because it is false to liberty—uni-
versal and impartial liberty.
The Senator from Georgia triumphs in the fact
that the Whigs and the Democrats in 1852 in-
dorsed this great doctrine of squatter sovereignty.
Well, sir, where are the parties that indorsed it?
Where is the Whig party ? It went down under
that indorsement. The Democratic party, proud
and confident then, is in a minority to-day of half
a million in the free States. The Senator from
Georgia sneers at the Fremont party, and tells us
that we have nominated a man who does not know
what the doctrines of the fathers were. Sir, we
have nominateda bold, brave, honest man. When
he comes into power, as I hope and believe he
will, threats of dissolving this Union and break-
ing up the Government, let them come from the
Senator from Georgia or any other quarter, will
find in the executive chair a man resolved to
carry out the doctrines of the convention that
nominated him—to maintain the " self-evident
truths" of the Declaration of Independence, and
the Qonstitation of the United States, as the car-
dinal doctrines to be supported by his Adminis-
tration.
The Senator from Georgia tells us we dare not
accept the issue he tenders to us. What is it ? Our
position is, that this Government has the right to
govern the Territories of the United States; that the
will of the American people, expressed through
Congress, shall be the law for the Territories
during their territorial existence. We maintain
that doctrine sanctioned by the Supreme Court—
sanctioned by the great names of the country.
Southern papers this day boast that the doctrine
of squatter sovereignty has been practically
stricken out of the creed of the Democracy by
the Cincinnati Convention. I tell the Senator
from Georgia, that this doctrine of squatter sov-
ereignty—of the right of the people of the Terri-
tories—is a profession of all things for the people;
but it denies everything to the people.
The jubilant Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Bigler] is so confident that Mr. Buchanan is to
be next President, that he has invited the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Thompson] to get into the
boat, for it is fast filling up. The Senator from
Pennsylvania tells us that, if the question is to
be submitted to the people, they will decide it.
We are ready to go to the country on the issue.
If we win, we will exercise the power; we will
exclude slavery from the Territories. If we fail,
we shall obey the laws of the country, and be
faithful to the Constitution and the Union. Do
you propose to do as much ? The Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Thompson] told us yesterday,
that if Colonel Fremont should be elected on the
•.Philadelphia platform, the South would not sub-
mit. I was sorry to hear that Senator say this,
but I was not surprised at the avowal when he
announced that he was ready to vote for Mr.
Fillmore, who uttered at Albany the other day
the treasonable sentiment, that if one of the
tickets were elected the South would go out of
the Union. This is rank nullification, whetherit
comes from the Senator from Kentucky or from
Millard Fillmore.
Mr. BIGLER. I am not very sensitive—I
•think I never have been—on occasions like this;
but I must confess that 1 do not understand what
the Senator means by the application of an epi- j
thet to myself. He spoke of me as a "jubilant" |
Senator. Did he mean the word in its general 1
application ? [Laughter.] i
Mr. WILSON. If ever the word jubilant" J
was fitly applied to any Senator, it was to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, who yesterday seemed
to be exultant in the idea that his favorite can-
didate was to be elected President. I used the
expression certainly not in any offensive sense,
but simply to signify the general joy of the Sen-
ator, and the exultant tone which he manifested.
Mr. BIGLER. I am perfectly satisfied with
the explanation, because the Senator has confined
the application of the remark to the particular
occasion when I was saying to the Senator from
Kentucky, very confidently, that the Democratic
candidate would be elected President. I did not
know, however, but that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts intended to apply the term generally;
and I begged to say to him, that if he supposed
I was in any'Such humor under his speech he
was very much mistaken. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. I did not intend to apply the
term generally. I meant to limit it to the present
occasion^ and to have it close at the November
election. [Laughter.]
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin]
told us the other day that the South would stand
by the Constitution and the compromises of the
Constitution, but if these were violated she would
firmly withdraw from the Union. I do not know
what the Senator from Louisiana meant by this
expression. I know of no one who intends to
violate the Constitution in its letter or spirit. If
he means that the election of a majority of the
two Houses and a President in favor of prohibit-
ing slavery in the Territories of the United States
would be a violation of the Constitution, and the
South would withdraw in that event, I can under-
stand the force of the declaration. But if he
means to throw out the idea that any considerable
portion of the people of the free States, or any
party in the free States, intend to encroach upon
the sovereign rights of the slaveholding States,
that Senator knows full well that no such inten-
tions are entertained by the people or by any
considerable body of men in the free States.
The Senator from Louisiana, however, told us
that in our heart of hearts we were opposed to
slavery in the slave States, and that we covered
our" nefarious purposes " under a" flimsy veil."
There is not a man on the floor of the Senate who,
at home or abroad, ever maintained the doctrine,
that it was his duty to interfere with the rights of
the southern States, or that he ever intended to
do so. For twenty years, in public and in private,
I have opposed slavery. I am opposed to it in
every partof this country, and in every part of the
world. Where the responsibility is upon me—
where I have the power, I would abolish it. Be-
fore God, and the world, I believe that lam not
responsible for slavery, in a single slaveholding
state in this Union. The reponsibility is yours,
Senators from the South, not mine.
The Senator from Louisiana told us that we
had denounced the people of the South to the
people of the North, until they almost hate the
people of the South. Let the Senator from Lou-
isiana traverse the free States to-day amidst this
excitement, growing out of the scenes transpiring
in Kansas, and the assault upon a member of the
Senate, amid the excitements of this election, and
he will receive from no body of men more cour-
tesy and kindness than from the men who will
supportthe Republican ticket in November next.
Sir, I say here, that in Massachusetts, with her
one million and two hundred thousand people,
you cannot find one hundred men who nave in
their hearts a single emotion of hatred towards
the South; apd yet if the people could be wrought
up to hate a section of the country, none would
be more excusable than the people of Massachu-
setts at the present time. But there is no such
feeling there. I will tell you what the feeling is.
It is a feeling of affection for every foot" of our
common country, and every man in the country,
black and white. It is a feeling in favor of uni-
versal and impartial liberty. It is a feeling in
favor of excluding slavery from the Territories—
not a feeling in favor of interfering with the legal
rights of the people of the South.
The Senator from Louisiana tells us that we
have persuaded the people of the North that there
was no. danger of a dissolution of the Union.
They have no such fears. I say to the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Thompson] that, if John C.
Fremont be elected President in November, Ken-
tucky will not go out of the Union. You will
find a party national in its sentiments, national
in its feelings, national in its principles, and only
local because in one section of the Union the
slave power has conquered the masses; and peo- j
pie who are opposed to the domination of that (
power have not the right to express and act
on their convictions. I have received since this
Congress met, from the southern states—my
associates have received—letters from men of
all pursuits and all classes. They tell us that j
there are thousands of men in the southern coun- I
try opposed to this slavery agitation—opposed to j
the extension of slavery into the Territories— '
men who stand where Washington stood, an<J
where Jefferson stood when he proposed the doc-
trine embodied in the ordinance of 1787; when he
proposed to prohibit slavery, from the Gulf of
Mexic* to the great lakes, in the Territories of
the United States—men who entertain the senti-
ments expressed by Henry and all the great men
of the South at the time of the adoption of the
Constitution. Sir, there are men all over the
southern country who agree with our doctrines,
who believe in them, but who are powerless.
Carry this Government, and inaugurate a policy
| of freedom, and we shall have an organized party
j opposed to the extension of slavery in all the
| States of this Union.
j Sir, at the Philadelphia Convention we had a
| delegate from Virginia, who made a speech—a
i good speech, a moderate speech. He dare not
go home. His neighbors nave held a meeting
and denounced him. His wife has written to
him that he must not come home.' That would
be the fate of thousands in the southern country,
holding his opinions, if they should now avow
them. The liberal men of the South have been
driven into exile. We mean to carry this coun-
try upon a platform just to all sections of the
! Union, and we mean to give the people of the
South—the liberal public men of the South—an
opportunity to express the voice of their section
in the government of the country.
While some of the provisions of the bill of the
Senator from Georgia seem to be fair on their
face, and while, under other circumstances, I
should be willing to see the bill adopted, I believe
that, at the present time, under the peculiar cir-
cumstances now existing in Kansas* the passage
of this bill will consummate the work already per-
j formed by lawless violence—will make Kansas a
; slaveholding State. Sir, I wiH resist the admis-
sion of Kansas into the Union as a slaveholding
State. I will vote against it; I will work against
it, under all conceivable circumstances, whether
it be made a slaveholding State in one way or an-
other. That Territory was free. The free labor-
ingmenof this country looked to it as their future
homes. You took it from freedom. You put it
in peril. Lawless violence has ruled there—now
rules there. The rights you professed to give the
people have been cloven down. The Territory
lies before you conquered. Now you propose to
crown and consummate the work, and make her a
slaveholding State. If you will not admit her on
the constitution already formed, then repeal theso
odious laws; guard and protect the rights of the
people; let the Territory grow in population until
there shall be people.enough to prevent its being
controlled by any set of men in Missouri, or any-
where etee.
The Senator from Illinois, who has linked his
name forever with Kansas, for good or for evil,
has another fling at the emigrant aid society in
his report. Senators from all sections of the
Union, in spite of the denials of the officers of
that society, in spite of all the facts before us, con-
tinue to apologize for the action of the Missourians,
because persons went from Massachusetts under
the auspices of the emigrant aid society. The
House of Representatives, in spite of defections
upon the right hand or upon the left—in spite of
the opposition of the Administration, in obedi-
ence to the popular will, sent a commission to
Kansas to ascertain all the facts connected with
its past history. That commission has reported,
and it turns out that four thousand nine hundred
men went from Missouri and voted at the Kansas
election of March, 1855. It turns out that but
one company of persons from Massachusetts
went into theTerritory before thatelection. That
company consisted of one hundred and sixty-
nine passengers. Sixty-six of them were women
and children, and of the rest only thirty-seven
voted at the election, and they were actual resi-
dents of the Territory. *
Only thirty-seven men voted in that election,
who were sent by the emigrant aid society. Still
that society continues to be held up before the
country as the cause of all the difficulties. The
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] to-day spoke
of a secret organization which existed in the
western counties of Missouri. His colleague
[Mr. Pugh] denied it, and said it was the first
time he had ever heard of it. Why, sir, I stated
