786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
ized, and defended its action under the law with
much zeal. - , , „
Mr. BUTLER, next addressed the Senate at
large  expressing the opinion that the naval
board'had not conformed strictly to the law under
which it had been organized.
Mr. CLAYTON followed, denying that any
injustice had been done to the officers, either by
removal or disrating them without notice. He
alluded to the fact that a like course had been
pursued under the Administration of Thomas
Jefferson, when no fault was found with it. He
also spoke in reply to some of the remarks of
Mr. Houston on a prior day in relation to Cap-
tain Du Pont.
Mr. CRITTENDEN addressed the Senate in
an impressive speech against the action of the
board, as being wrong in principle, unjust in
practice, and injurious to the best interests of the
Navy, and declaring his willingness, if no other
remedy could be found, to vote for annulling the
whole proceedings.
Mr. SLIDELL made a brief response touching
an incidental remark said to have been made by
Commodore Perry concerning the injustice of the
board.
Mr, CLAYTON took the floor again, and,
after speaking some time,
Mr. STUART wished to know if the Senator
from Delaware would not give way for a motion
to adjourn and let the further consideration of
the subjcct be postponed until to-morrow, when
they could have some understanding as to pro-
ceeding with other and more important business.
Mr. MASON could conceive of no business
more important than that under immediate con-
sideration.
Mr. CLAYTON avowed his readiness to go
on until midnight with the subject, but gave way,
on solicitation, for a motion to adjourn.
And the Senate adjourned.
The debate, in full, will be found in the Ap-
pendix.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 1, 185G.
Prayer by Itev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Mississippi, in favor of an appropri-
ation to aid in the construction of a canal for the
reopening of the bayou Manchac; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, the memorial of Michael R. Clark, of
Mississippi, praying for an increase of pension
on account of wounds received in the war with
Mexico; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. riRODHEAD presented the memorial of
Emma A. Wood, praying for compensation for
the services of her deceased husband,as surgeon
in the military service of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FISH presented a memorial of citizens of
New York, praying that the public lands may be
laid out in lots and granted for the free and ex-
clusive use of actual settlers; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ALLEN presented the petition of A. L.
Mason, guardian of J. Duncan Mason, praying
to be allowed a pension on account of the military
services of his father; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
BILL BECOME LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary, an-
nounced that he had approved and signed an act
relating to punishment in the penitentiary.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Barclay, one of their clerks, announced
that they had passed the hill of the Senate (S.
No. 97) to continue temporarily the land office at
Kalamazoo, in the State of Michigan, with an
amendment.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill, entitled
" An act for the relief of the distributee* of
Colonel William Linn;" and it was signed by
the President pro tempore.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask that leave be granted
to withdraw the papers of Isaac S. Smith, for the
purpose of being presented to the House of Rep-
resentatives. The other day, when I made a sim-
ilar application in this case, I labored under a
misapprehension in supposing that an adverse
report had been made.
Leave was granted.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That tlie petition and papers of Christian Han-
son, praying for the aid of the Government in the establish-
ment of a nne of postal communications with the ports of
northern Europe, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office anil Post
Roads.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FITZPATRICIC,from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the memorial of
Joseph L. Smith, praying for the distribution of
the documents published by Congress to each
common school or school district throughout the
United States, submitted an adverse report
thereon.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the resolution of
the Senate directing that committee to inquire
into the expediency of purchasing for the use of
the Senate copies of a manual of the laws of
the United States on the subject of naturalization,
passengers and passenger-ships, and laws of the
several"States in relation to emigrants, submitted
an adverse report thereon.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill providing for an over-land mail from some
point on the Mississippi river to San Francisco,
California, reported it with amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print one
thousand additional copies of the message of the
President of the United States, transmitting a
report of the operations of the Mint and its
branches, for the year 1855, have directed me to
report in favor of printing one thousand addi-
tional copies, five hundred of which are to be for
the use of the Director of the Mint.
The report was concurred in.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill for the re-
lief of Timothy Carran; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, by unanimous
consent, previous notice not having been given,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to'
continue the land offices at Yincennes, Indiana,
and to ascertain and adjust the titles to certain
lands in the States of Indiana and.Ilhnois, for-
merly included within the Vincennes land dis-
trict; which was lead twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
COURT-MARTIAL OF CAPTAIN RITCHIE.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following res-
olution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secii'tary of the Navy be directed to
furnish the Senate wtth eopn^ of tin: [,meet-dins;-. of anaval
eouit-maitial iceentlv held m the city of Philadelphia tor
the tnal of Captain llitchK', and all the coritoponduiee le-
latnig tht'M'to m the Depnitinent.
COMPENSATION OF LAND OFFICERS.
Mr. JONES, of Towa. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its consideration now:
Rcsolrcl, That the Secretary of the Interior be lequested
to communicate to the Senate what provision, if any,
should be made tocompensnte letters and receivers of lla:
land oiik'r-, for taking m bounty land wammts instead of
money m the sale or disposition of the puhbc lands.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to make a suggestion to
the Senator from Iowa. There are some peculiar
cases in my State, in which precisely the same
labor has to be performed; where lands are en-
tered with scrip given to the Choctaw Indians.
It was thought that the law of the last session
covered those cases, but I find that it docs not,
according to the construction placed on it by the
Department. 1 therefore move to amend it in
that respect.
1 Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I have no objection to
that, and I therefore modify my resolution by
inserting the words " and scrip " after the words
" bounty land warrants."
The resolution as modified was agreed to.
OFFICERS OF THE CUSTOMS.
Mr. FISH submitted the following resolution;
which was- considered by unanimous consent and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be in-
structed to report to the Senate, in a concise and tabular
form, the number of officers, of each different grade or class,
at present employed in each of the several collection dis-
tricts, wherein any change is proposed, either with respect
to the number or the compensation of any such officeis, by
Senate bill No. 155,being "abill relating to the appointment
of officers for the collection of the-ctistoms, and to provide
for their compensation;" and also, the amount of compensa-
tion pay, or emoluments at present allowed to each grade,
and the amount proposed to be allowed by said bill—and
designating the several grades or classes of officers in each
collection district, of which the proposed bill would allow
an increase of numbers beyond tlie number at piesent em-
ployed.
UNITED STATES ARMORIES.
The joint resolution of the House of Represent-
atives, (J. R. No. 5,) relating to the public lands
appertaining to the Springfield and Harper's Ferry
armories, and the North Carolina arsenal, was
read the first and second time by its title.
Mr. STUART. It might be supposed, from
the title of this resolution, that it aftected the pub-
lic lands; but my knowledge of its history is, that
it emanated in the House from the Committee on
Military Affairs. I therefore move its reference
to the same committee of this body. k/
The motion was agreed to.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEM.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whqm was referred a joint resolu-
tion to amend the act of March 1, 1855, entitled
"An act to remodel the diplomatic and consular
system of the United States," have instructed me
to report it back without amendment. Unless
some Senator objects, I ask for its present con-
sideration, for a reason which I can state in a
word.
The PRESIDENT. The joint resolution will
first be read.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the first section of the act of March 1, 1855,
shall be construed as fixing the annual compen-
sation of the representatives of the United States
to the several countries enumerated in it, at tha
sums there specified, whether such representa-
tives shall remain of the grade existing at the
passage of that act, or shall be appointed to that
of envoy extraordinary and minister plenipoten-
tiary, and that the compensation shall commence
from July 1, 1855, as the period designated in
that act.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, many Senators,
I believe, are familiar with the object of this
resolution. It has been a subject of considerable
conversation out of the Senate. The act of the
last session provided that, at some time before
the 1st of July, 1855, the President should nom-
inate as ministers plenipotentiary all our foreign
ministers who were at that time ministers resi-
dent; and it affixed, by a scale of graduation, a
salary to each mission. The act was passed at a
very late period of the last session in the House
of Representatives, and it was found impossible
in the Senate to amend it without jeoparding the
whole bill, which embraced the consular as well
as the diplomatic system; and therefore many of
those objectionable features in the bill we were
obliged to allow to pass unnoticed. Among its
objectionable parts was so much of it as seemed
to make it mandatory on tlie President to elevate
those who were ministers resident to ministers
plenipotentiary. When it came to be construed
by the Executive, this construction was placed on
it, which I do not myself doubt was the proper
one—that it could not be received as a mandate
by the President, because Congress had no power
to issue such a mandate, but it was to be consid-
ered as recommendatory only. The President,
in the exercise of his proper discretion, did not,
during the vacation, act under the law so as
to change the grade of these ministers. Now
it becomes important that the subject should
be settled, in order that he may exercise the
proper discretion which belongs to him. The
great end of the act, so far as concerns the com-
pensation of the ministers, was to graduate their
