THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 80,
diencyyl am satisfied to leave it on the facts
stated.bv the committee..
Mr. IVERSON. I think the Senate is going
off into the discussion of an abstract question of
constitutional .power which, in my opinion, has
very little to do with this case. If the Senate will
only-recur to the facts and understand them prop-
erly, it. Will have no difficulty in passing this bill.
4 I was on the Committee on Claims which inves-
tigated the case, and brought my mind to the
conclusion that it was a just account and ought
to be paid. ...
The facts are these: here was a steamer on the
coast of Oregon wrecked; it contained passengers
and public treasure. The rev.enue-cutter Jeffer-
son Davis being in the neighborhood was bound,
tinder the regulations and orders of the Treasury
Department, to go to the relief of this vessel. It
is not necessary to stop to inquire whether this
was under any constitutional power. I under-
stand the regulations of the Department to be
that the revenue cuttcrs, and all the vessels of the
public service, are under obligations and orders
to proceed to the relief of wrecked vessels. The
revenue cuticr did proceed to the relief of this
vessel, but in consequence of her heavy draught
she was unable to reach the vessel. .She returned,
therefore, to Puget's Sound, and employed the
Major Tompkins. It was not a voluntary act
on the part of the Major Tompkins, as the
Senator from Virginia supposes; but she was
employed by the officers of the Government to go
to the relief of this vessel. She went for a dou-
ble purpose—to lelieve the passengers from de-
struction, and to relieve the Government treasure
from loss. She went under a contract—not a vol-
untary act of her own—and when she went there
such was the character of the storm that her
machinery was injured, and she was detained in
consequence of this service, and had to feed the
fassengers whom she rescued from destruction,
f the (Government revenue cutter had been able to
go there and reach the wreck, the duty of human-
ity, as well as the orders of the Government,
would have been that they should help these pas-
sengers. They were on an inhospitable coast;
they were unable to feed themselves. They were
not in a condition to support themselves. They
must of necessity have relied upon the benevo-
lence of the Government, to keep them from
starvation. One of the items of this account, is
for food rendered to these passengers, and for
the injury sustained by this vessel for demurrage
in consequence of the delay which occurred from
the injury to her machinery. These are the
items of the account, and if they arc not just I
do not understand really on what ground Congress
could ever allow a claim.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and the question being taken 011
ordering it to be engrossed for a third reading,
there were, 011 a division—ayes 16, noes 9; no
quorum voting.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS. I call for the yeas and nays on
the engrossment ef the bill.
The yeas and ntij's were ordered; and being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arlams, Alien. Bell of New Hampshire,
Jieli ot Tenne.-.;ee, IhotHirtul, Ciisy, Collamet, I)od<re,
Foot, Foster, Gtner, Iveu-on, Jones uf Iowa, Ileal,
tian, S 111,111, Thompson ot' Kentucky, Toueey, VVndc,
Wellor, and Ynlee—;2i.
NAYS—Bigler, Bright, Brown, Cnttcndcn, Hun-
ter, Jonesoi'Tenncssoc, Toombs, and Wright—
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is not
a quorum voting.
-Mr. STUART. I move that the Semite ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 30, 1850.
1 he House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Hi-nry 0. Dean,Chaplain of the Senate.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
ADMISSION OP KANSAS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of House bill
(No, 412) fo? the admission of the State of Kansas
into the Union—the pending question being on
a motion to commit the bill to tl>e Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union with instruc-
tions'jupon which the main question had been
ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order now to move
a reconsideration of the vote by which the House
ordered the main question to be put?
The SPEAKER. , It is in order.
Mr. GRQ W. How does the gentleman get the
floor ? Am I not entitled to it to close the debate ?
The .SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mine is a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia addressed the Chair, but has not submitted
any motion to the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rose for the purpose of
inquiring of the Chair if it was in order to move
a reconsideration of the vote by which the House
ordered the main question to be put; my object
being to move a reconsideration if it were in
order. Understanding it to be in order, I now
submit that moUon.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of order. T would inquire if the gentle-
man voted with the majority—m the affirmative?
On referring to thevote m the Globe,I do not see
the name of the gentleman recorded as having
voted in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the yeas and nays were not taken on ordering the
main question.
Mr. GROW. I would inquire if the gentleman
from Virginia can take the iloor from me for any
purpose ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, as chairman of the committee reporting
the bill, is entitled to one hour to close the debate,
after the House has ordered the main question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am aware of that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia addressed the Chair, and was recognized by
the Chair; and he has a right to make the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. JONES, ^>f Tennessee. I wish to submit
tins question: There are several preliminary ques-
tions pending—two motions to refer, one with in-
structions; and there is a proposition to amend
those instructions; can the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, who reported this bill, make his hour
speech until those preliminary questions are dis-
posed of? If the motion to commit prevail, the
bill will go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union; and the gentleman could,
m that case, claim the right to close the debate
aga i n.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman has the right to address the House
on this question, at this time; and it must be be-
fore the vote is taken on the motion to commit.
Mr. JONES. 1 think it would be better to
dispose of the preliminary questions, and then,
when you come to the fined vote, the gentleman
can occupy his hour.
The SPEAKER. That is within the option
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to allow me to submit a
resolution, changing the hour of meeting from
twelve o'clock to cloven o'clock.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man to let us take up the resolution from the
Senate, fixing the time for a final adjournment.
Mr. MATTES0N. I object.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is on
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia, to
reconsider the vote whereby the House ordered
the mam question to be put.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know if it is in
order to assign a reason for submitting the mo-
tion?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. GROW. Can the gentleman from Virginia
have his motion acted on until 1 have made my
remarks ?
The SPEAKER. It is, undoubtedly, the priv-
ilege of the gentleman from Virginia to have the
question of reconsideration acted on before fur-
ther debate.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. McMULLIN. On that I call for the yeaa
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allen, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Barclay,Henry Bennett, Benson, Billingliurst, Bishop, Bliss,
Bradbhavv, Brenton, Buffinton, James 11. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Ezra Clark, Colfax, Coming, Cragin,Cum-
back, Damiell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Do Witt, Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Durfce, Edie, Edwards, Emrie, Flagler,
(•hddmgs, Gilbert, Gian^cr, Grow, Robeit B. Hall, Harlan,
Ilickman, Hoiloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B.
Hoi ton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Kuukel, Leiter, Mace, Humphrey Marshall,
Mattcson, MeCarty, Mcaeham, Kilhan Miller, Millward,
Moore, Moigan, Morrill, Murray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Pcarce, Pelton,' Pennington, Peiry, Pike, Pringle,
Purviauce, Robbins, Robert:?, Uobison, Sabui, Sage, Sapp,
Scott, Simmoiw, Spmner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan,
Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Walbridge,
WaldroTi,Ellihu B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, Watson,
Wood,'Woodruff, and Woodworth—OS.
'NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale,Bell, Hendley S. Ben-
nett^ Bowie, Boyee, Bianch, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P.
Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers, Caskie, Clingman, William-
son K. XV. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawfoid, Oullen, Dowdell,
Dunn, EJmundson, English, Etheridge, Evans, Faulkner,
Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood,
J. Monison Harris, Sampson W. Ilanis, Harrison, Haven,
Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly,
Kcnnett, ICidvvcll, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander
K. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMuIlin,
Me&ueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Orr, Packcr, Panic,
Peck, Phelps, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud,
lUchard=-on, ltivers, Ruifin,*Ttust,Sandige, Savage, Seward,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Kneed, Stephens, Stew-
art, Swopp, Talbott, Taylor, Tnppe, Underwood, Vaik,
Walker, Warner, Watkms, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams,
Darnel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—89.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote
whereby the main question was ordered.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DAVIDSON said, I cannot vote on thia
question, because I promised Mr. Norton, who
was called away suddenly, that if he was not in
the House when the vote was taken I would not
vote.
Mr. PURYEAR stated that his colleague, Mr.
Reade, was confined to his room by sickness,
and had paired off on all questions relating to
Kansas with Mr. Ciiaffee.
Mr. BURL1NGAME stated tliat he had paired
off with Mr. Hoffman.
It was also announced that Mr. Smith, of
Alabama, had paired off with Mr. Galloway;
and Mr. Denver with Mr. Pettit.
Mr. RICHARDSON. As I am compelled to
leave the <yty for the State of Illinois, to enter on
the canvass m that State, I have agreed, after the
vote which I shall give now, to pair olf for four
weeks with Mr. Mace, on all subjects except the
grants to railroads, and on that question I have
paired oiF with Mr. Foster. I vote "No."
Mr. PELTON stated that Mr. Ritchie had
paired olf with Mr. Vail for one week.
M*r. SMITH, of Tennessee. Understanding
that my friend from Virginia [Mr. McMullin]
desires to make a speech on this subject, I change
my vote, and vote "No." I would he in favor
of the vote being taken now but for that fact.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Anbury Diciuns, their Secretary, announcing
that the Senate had passed a bill and joint resolu-
tion of the following titles; in which they asked
the concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 178) respecting the harboring of
deserters from the military service, and to pro-
tect the public interests m regard to the enlist-
ment and discharge of minors; and
A resolution (S. No. 22) authorizing the pur-
chase and restoration to the British Government
of the ship Resolute, late of the British Navy.
Also, that the Senate had passed the following
bills of the House:
An act (H. R. No. 67) to establish two addi-
tional land districts m the Territory of Min-
nesota;
An act (H. R. No. 197) to authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States to cause the southern
boundary line of Kansas Territory to be sur-
veyed and marked; and
An act (H. It. No. 185) to explain the act ap-
proved 12th of April, 1854, entitled An act to
establish additional land districts in the Territory
of Minnesota.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. H. MARSHALL, leave was
