APPENDIX TO THK CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[August,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess,.
Laws of the United States.
or upon certified copies thereof, of such exten-
sion, in the name of the sard Isaac Adams; and
the said Commissioner is hereby directed to cause j
it to be entered on the record in the Patent Office. !
And the said patents, so renewed and extended,
shall have the same effect in law, as if originally
granted for terms extending to the end of the
term to which they are extended by this act, in
the form herein provided: Provided£ hotoever, That
said renewed and extended patents,respectively,
shall be open to legal inquiry and decision, in the
same manner as if issued under the general law
relating to patents: And provided further, That
all persons enjoying the lawful use of the im-
proved machines so patented by the said Isaac
Adams in his said patents, and the purchaser of
any machine so in use, or lav/fully constructed
therefor, may continue to use the same as if this
act had not been passed.
Approved, August 16, 18Cf .
her widowhood, the sum of ninety-six dollars,
to commence on the twenty-eighth day of June,
I eighteen hundred and fifty-three.
i Approved, August 36, 1856.
No. 60.—An Act for the relief of Levi C. Harris.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, instructed to place the name of
Levi C. Harris, of the State of Mississippi, upon
the roll of invalid pensioners, and pay him a pen-
sion at the rate of ninety-six dollars per annum,
from the first day of December, eighteuu hundred
and fifty-four, during his natural life.
Approved, August JG, 1856.
roll of invalid pensioners of the United States,
and pay to him a pension at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, from the first day of January,
anno Domini eighteen hundred and fifty, during
(lis natural life.
Approved, August 16, 1856.
No. 56.—An Act restoring Joshua Meieer to the
lloli of invalid Pensioners.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of Ametica in Ceng) ess
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to restore the name of
Joshua Mercer to the list of invalid pensionms,
and pay him at the rate of eight dollars per month,
from the first day of January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, during his natural life.
Approved, August J(i, Jb'Cifi.
No. 57.—An Act for the relief of VVe.,1 Dnnk-
"\vater and others.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled^ That the Seciuary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to West Drinkwater, ivingsb'iiy Duncan, Jona-
than Clark, Sanuul Ouncan, and John Duncan,
or to such petsons as may be legally authorized
•* tq rcccivi. the &ame, as their heirs or legal repie-
scntaiives, the sum of thirty-th)ee thousand two
Ifimdred and thirteen dollars and seventeen <ents,
that bein^; the nniounf p;ud into UtoTieasury of
the United States, end placed to the account of
fines, penalties, <.inet lm feUm es, in consequence of
a suit, The United Stales vi/\su^ sloop Maty and
cargo, m the district court of Maine, January
and April, eighteen hundred and fifteen: the said
sloop having been eeptuied by the aforesaid
named prisons fiom the I hm^h, and delivered to
the proper authorities of the United States in the
Stute of Maine; said sum to be paid to t lie se\ eral
persons heioinhctore named, or to their hens or
legal representatives in equal parts
wApi'R0\I'.p, August H>\ 1856.
No. tV<.—-An Actfor the relief of Amos ii. Kafon,
a I'omini.ssmy of Subsistence m the United
Suuea Army.
l>e it enacted by the Senate and House if Veprc-
sc lit a til rs of the United State?, of Ami ? icu in Coiv>jess
a~>$e))iblt d. That the proper aecoummg offiet i.-> of
the True-ury be. uud they aiv heieby. dinettd
to allow ami credit to Amos H ICaton,a cunnms-
Kary of subsistence in tlie United Stales Army,
the stun of eleven hundred and Ihirty-^exen dol-
lars and seventy-nine cent*, the amount paid by
him to William Sibley, William it. Spender, and
A, Ilebert, who were clerks in the United States
commissary deportment, for services n m'ered by
them as auctioneers in the sales of ceiiasn dam-
aged and surplus subsistem e stoics at Riazo.s
Island, Texas, and at Monterey, Mexn o, in the
years eighteen hundred and for<y-seven and
eighteen hundred ami forty-ei^ln
Appro\j;d, August 10#
No. 6L—An Act for the relief of Cczaire Wal-
lace, of the Parish of Bossier, and State of
Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
| assembled, That Cezairc Wallace be, and he is
j heieby, confirmed in his claim to the two tracts
j of land, each containing six hundred and forty
; acres, lying in the State of Louisiana, and within
j the limns of the late " Neutral Territory," which
• said claims were founded on inhabitation and
j cultivation, and reported for confirmation by the
; register and receiver of the southwestern district
! of Louisiana, in their report dated November
t first, eighteen hundred and twenty-four, in con-
! formity to the provisions of ihe act of Congress,
j approved March third, eighteen hundred and
: tvventy-thiee, and the act supplementary thereto,
appioved May twenty-six, eighteen hundred and
j twenty-four; which said claims are numbered,
J respectively, " thirty-four" and " fifty-six," and
! embraced in the " third class" of the said report.
[• Sec.2. And be it further enacted, That the con-
!i firmation made by this act shall not be construed
i; to extend further than to a relinquishment of title
!! on the part of the United States; and the claims
|; hereby confirmed shall be located under the di-
i. reciion of the register and receiver of the proper
i! land office, in conformity with the legal subdi-
ji visions of the public surveys, so far as practica-
ij hie, and shall include the improvements of the
jl claimant.
ij S m;. {], J] rid be it further enacted, Thatupon the
j! location, as herein provided, such register shall
!; forward certificates thereof to the Commissioner
j; of (lie General Land Oilier, who, upon thereceipt
•! thereof, shall cause patents to be issued to the
|| said Cezaire Wallace for the lands so located:
n Proiidfd, The same does not exceed tlm quantity
!1 hereby confirmed. And if its location as herein
j, confirmed should interfere with any bona Jidc pre-
eaiption chum, or other adveise valid right, the
;i same to the extent of such confliction may be
ij located on any public land of the district to which
•I there may be no existing preemption or other
, valid claim under such regulations as may be
i1 piescnbed by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
Ai'puovKi>, August 16,
No.
64.—An Act for the relief of Dempsey
Pittman.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of War, are hereby authorized and directed
to audit and settle the account of Dempsey Pitt-
man against the United States, for his military
services in Florida, in the year eighteen hundred
and thirty-eight, and pay him such compensation
and allowance as may be found to be justly duo
him, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated: Provided, That the amount
shall in no case exceed the pay of a colonel of
infantry for five months.
Approved, August 16, 1856.
No. 65.—An Act granting a Pension to Samuel
B. Porter, a Soldier in the late War with Great
Britain.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secietary of the interior be,
and he is hereby, instructed to place the name of
Samuel B. Porter on the list of invalid pensioners
of the United States, and pay htm a pension at
the rate of six dollais per month, commencing
on the first day of January, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-three, and continue during his
natural life: Provided, That if, at any time here-
after, he shall prove to the satisfaction of the
Commissioner of Pensions that ho is totally dis-
j abled in consequence of the injury alleged to have
j been received m the battle of Plattsburg, during
j the late war with Great Britain, then his pension,
; by this act granted, shall be increased to eight
I dollars per month; said increase to date from the
completion of the proof of such increased disa-
bility.
Approved, August 16, 1856.
;■ No. 62.—An Act to inciease the Pension of Al-
plums T. Paimer. late a Lieutenant m the Ninth
Regiment United States Infantry.
Bt it cnactcd hy the Senate and House oj Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
a^cinbled, Thnt Ihe Secretary of the Interior be,
1; and he is hereby, dneoted to pay to Aiphcus T.
i' Palmer. late a lieutenant m the ninth legnnent
United fchaies Infantry, a pension at the i?.te of
' thiifv dollars poi month, insiead of the pension
' of s'-vi jjteen dollars per month, whuh he has
h°ietofoie received.
Apimevi.n, Augun if>, 185G.
No. f6.—An Act to increase the Pension of
Amaziah Goodwin, of the State of Maine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to Amaziah
Goodwin, of Maine, the sum of ten dollars per
month, instead of the sum of six dollars per
month, now payable to him as an invalid pen-
sioner of the United States. This increase to take
eilectfrom and after the first day of Jammry, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and to con-
tinue during his natural life.
Appro\ed, August 16, 1856.
No. 53.—An Act for the relief of Bel^y Whipple.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of htpre- ,
sentativesoj the United Stales <-f ssuiencu hi Congras
u\;f'itiblcd, That ihe Secretaiy of tin jjiterior be, ,
and Jn is hereby. directed to pia«:e the name of ;
BeU-'y W hippie-, widow of ctepaca Whipple, Kite ,
a Donjon' i' of the ITuitrd States, ut'on the ioii
,*>1 ncniimi.
id
Pay tv<
No. 03.—An Act granting a Pension to Nathaniel
Moihershead, of Missouri.
Be it ciiarfcd l>\\ ihe Sciia'c and Hov^e of Rcpre-
&i nUUiv< n oj Hit United if Amu ica in Congress
arMmh'idy That the Secretary of the Interior be,
ai'd he i. hereby, 'hreca"! to place the name of
Nathaniul Mrthei.-hcad. of Missouri, upon the
No. 67.—An Actfor the relief of Joseph Smith.
Be it evaded by the. Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Cotigress
assembled, That Joseph Smith is hereby author-
ized to locate, free of cost, one hundred and sixty
acres of land,according to the legal subdivisions,
on any of the public lands of the United States
subject to private entry, in lieu of a io^ ation made
by the said Smith on the wc;'t half of the south- ,
west quarter of section twenty-five, and the east
half of the southwest quarter of section twenty-
six, in the township seven south, of range fifteen
west, in the Kalamazoo land district, in "the State
of Michigan, as assignee of military land warrant
number fifty-five thousand and mnety-nint. and
ij which location was canceled by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, upon
the reccipt of the certificate of location from the
register of the proper land office, shall issue a
patent to the said Joseph Smith, for the lands so
located.
Approved, August 1<>, 1856.
