776
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jufy %
34th Cono ...1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
in February last, on the floor of the Senate,
tnat there was such an organization m Western
Missouri •, and the committee sent by the House
of Representatives has established the fact, that
there were such societies in western Missouri,
that those societies were formed for the purpose of
carrying slavery into Kansas, and existed before
the Missouri prohibition was repealed. There
was an early plot to snatch that Territory from
freedom, and consign it to slavery. It was under
the lead of a late President of the Senate, a man
who has been conspicuous in all these movements
made in Western Missouri and in Kansas.
The spirit that ruled those secret councils has
continued from that time to this hour, when the
telegraph brings us the intelligence that thousands
of them are to be in the Territory on the 4th of
July, so as to come under the provisions of this
bill, which you propose to give us as a com-
promise. I believe that the men of western Mis-
souri who have gone into the Territory and
oommitted these outrages, mean to act up to their
declarations. They mean to make Kansas a
slave State, law or no law; and 1 believe that,
under the provisions of this bill, it will be per-
formed in November next. My hope—the hopes
of the people—are in the admission of Kansas
now as a free State, under her free constitution-,
or in the repeafof those unjust enactments—in the
preservation of law and order—in the immediate
discharge of the men whom you have indicted
for treason.
I am opposed to this bill for another reason.
I will not trust the present President of the Uni-
ted States in anything relating to Kansas. He
has shown no evidence that he ought to be trusted
by the friends of free Kansas. The Senator from
Georgia has passed a eulogium on him to-night.
He has told us h<Jw he was taken up early by
his native State, and how he was sustained and
supported; but he did not tell us how the Demo-
cratic party, in its late national convention, re-
wariled him for all his fidelity to slavery. Sir,
you can cover your victim with garlands now.
He has performed your work. He asked you
to sustain him by renominating him. He went
into your Cincinnati convention with the blood
of the murdered people of Kansas dripping from
his hands—with the lurid light of the sacked and
burning dwellings of Kansas flashing upon his
brazen brow. There he stood before you, your
willing agent—your obedient tool. You averted
your faces from him—you served him as you had
served other and better men. You flung him
away like a worthless thing. Sir, I do not want
that cast-off man to have any more power to con-
trol the future of Kansas. He gave to Kansas
Shannon, Woodson, Lecompte, Cato, Dofialdson,
Calhoun, Clark, and their confederates—the vile
tools of tyranny—the fit associates of border ruf-
fians. Of his appointees in that Territory, one
only has been true to freedom; the others have
been the agents for persecuting the free-State men,
and making Kansas a slaveholding State. His
power, his influence, his patronage, have been
fiven to slavery. He could have given peace to
Lansas, and saved the Territory from civil war,
if he desired to do so. He did not do so. So
shameless has been his conduct, that you dared
not renominate him.
I will not trust the man you have flung aside.
You ask that Franklin Pierce shall appoint a
commission to go to Kansas, and decide who are
and who are not legal voters. I vote for no bill
that puts power in his hands red with the blood
of the murdered people of Kansas.
The Senator from Georgia denied that some of,
as speak the sentiments of the people of the i
Worth. Sir, I do not profess to speak the senti- j
meirts of any State but ray own, or any man's j
sentiments but my own. Referring to those '
northern men who voted for the passage of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, the Senator told us that a !
majority of the members of the House of Rep- I
resentatives from the North voted for that bill. :
The Senator is mistaken. A majority from the
North did not vote for it. I think about half
of the Democratic party of the North voted for 1
it. |
Mr. TOOMBS. That is what I meant. I |
meant that a majority of the Democratic mem- j
bets from the North voted for it. I think their
I precise vote was forty-four to forty-three, a raa-
j jority of one.
! Mr. WILSON. Then I misunderstood the
Senator.
| Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir. I spoke of a ma-
jority of the North, but I had reference to the
Democratic vote, for I believe that no northern
Whig or Abolitionist voted for that bill.
Mr. WILSON. I certainly did not mean to
misrepresent the Senator.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator is right in his
statement of what I said. I made the mistake
myself.
llr. WILSON. But the Senator did not tell
1 us how few of that number occupy seats in the
other House to-day. He did not tell us that the
; people of the fifteen free States of the North re-
pudiated that act.
Mr. TOOMBS. They are doing very well
now.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator thinks they are
doing very well in the North now.
Mr, TOOMBS. No; in the House.
Mr. WILSON. We are fighting the battle
bravely there. We may not win success—we
mean to deserve it. We have been betrayed by
men who have deceived the people. This is not
the first time the Senator from Georgia, and those
who act with him, have found northern men to
betray the generous confidence of the people who
J sent them here. But, sir, there is another appeal.
N To the people—to the free people of the free
States we commit these representatives, this
Administration, and the cause of the outraged
people of bleeding Kansas.
!; Mr. CRITTENDEN. Is there not another
amendment now pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bell, of
Tennessee, in the chair.) The cmestionis on the
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hale,] unless it be withdrawn.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to inquire whether
the Senator from "Massachusetts can vary his
amendment after the yeas and nay* have been
ordered.' I understand the yeas and nays were
ordered on the original amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I present the question,
that it is not, therefore, now in order for him to
modify his amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Besides, another amend-
ment is now pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays having been ordered on the original amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, it cannot
be modified if there be any objection.
Mr. WILSON. If there be any objection to
the modification I shall not press it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, after what we
have heard to-night from our northern friends, I
desire to make some answer to what they have
said in reference to the Missouri compromise.
They appear to assume it as a self-evident posi-
tion, that the repeal of the compromise of 1820
by the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act, was
a breach of plighted faith, and consequently that
no future compromise ought to be made with
the South, because no bargain with it can be
hereafter deemed binding or effectual. Compro-
mises, it is said, are at an end. Having heard
these expressions, I desire now briefly to explain
the views which I take, and have long held, of the'
constitutionality of the Missouri compromise.
I say "long held," because so far back as 1835,1
reported, as chairman of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, a bill to annex the whole Platte country
lying between the Missouri river and the western
boundary of the State of Missouri to that State;
and although that whole region lies north of the
parallel of 36° 30', and is, therefore, within thelim-
lts from which slavery was to be excluded for-
ever by the act of 1820, yet that bill passed both
Houses of Congress without any serious objec-
tion from any man in either House. There was
no excitement on the slavery question at that pe-
riod. Though I do not claim the precedent to be
conclusive on others who voted for that bill, or who
being members of Congress at the time, yielded
at least a tacit assent to that act, yet it will be
readily seen that I, who occupied so responsible
a position in regard to it, could not in 1854, or at
this day, hold a^different doctrine without im-
peaching very seriously my own consistency as a
public man.
During the discussion on the Nebraska bill, for
which 1 did not vote, I delivered my opinions
here in extenso in reference to all the different
parts of the bill. I stated fully the grounds on
which I opposed the passage of it; and I entered
into an argument of some length to endeavor to
show what was very clear to my own mind,
however erroneous it may seem to others, that
the eighth section of the act of 1820 was an un-
constitutional prohibition originally. I shall not
trouble the Senate by going through the argu-
mentwhich I delivered on that occasion, in order
to reestablish this position. The complaints
which were made to me by many of my most
valued friends in the North and in the region
which I represent, for the opinions which 1 then
expressed, have caused me to examine and reex-
amine those opinions with great anxiety since,
prompted by a firm determination,if I found them
erroneous, to proclaim them to be so; but the re-
sult of all the reexamination I have been able to
give to that subject has satisfied me", strangely
as it may sound to the ears of my northern friends,
that the prohibition in that act, which I admit
was adopted at the time from high motives of
patriotism, in which the gentlemen who repre-
sented my State in this body and in the other
House concurred, was unconstitutional. I have
risen now chiefly for the purpose of invoking the
the authority of one whose name has not before
been presented to the public as sustaining the
view 1 presented to the Senate two years ago
when the Nebraskabill was passed.
A fewdays since,agentleman ofwhom I desire
only to say now that I have been proud to find
that I agree with him on many of the great lead-
ing questions before the country, the Hon.
William C. Rives, of Virginia, who, in my
judgment, is one of the first statesmen of the
age, published a letter, dated the 10th of June,
in the National Intelligencer, going over the
argument on this subject, and, after arriving at
the conclusion that the eighth section of this act
was unconstitutional, as 1 did, quoting a letter
of Mr. Madison, never before presented to the
public, and which I desire to have the honor of
placing upon the records of our debates as a part
of the speech which I make here this night. I thus
find that Mr. Madison, so far back as 1819,
adopted the position I afterwards took here in
debate on the Kansas-Nebraska bill in regard to
the unconstitutionality of the restrictive clause
in the act of 1820. Before I go further, let me
claim the attention of the Senate to the reading
of the extract of that letter, published by Mr.
Rives, which embraces all the points of the case
that are necessary to sustain the ground assumed •
by that gentleman; and when it is read 1 shall
ask the Senate to indulge me in submitting a
few commentaries on it, I desire the Secretary
to read it.
The Secretary read the following:
Extracti of Mr. Madison'! Letter to Mr. Walsh, on tha
constitutional question* involved in the Missouri com-
promise.
"montpet.ip.r, November'.27, 1819.
"Dear Sir: Your letter of the 11th was duly received,
and I should have given it a less tardy answer but for a
succession of particular demands o* my attention and •
wish to assist my recollections by consulting both manu-
script and printed sources of in'nrmation on the subject*
of your inquiry. Of these, however, 1 have not been able
to avail myself but very partially.
" As to the intention of the framers of the Constitution
in the clause relating to the ' migration and importation of
persons,' &c., the best key may perhaps be found in the
case which produced it. The African trade in slaves had
long been odious to most of the States, and the importation
of slaves into them had been prohibited. Particular States,
however, continued the importation, and were extremely
averse to any restriction on their power to do so. In the
convention, the former States were anxious, in framing a
new constitution, to insert a provision for an immediate ana
absolute stop to the trade. The latter were not only ayeree
to any interference on the subject, but solemnly declared
that their constituents would never accede to a constitution
containing such an article. Out of this conflict (^w the
middle measure, providing that Con^ss should
fere until the year 1808; with an implication that after that
date they might prohibit the importation of slaves into the
States then existing, and previous thereto inw he States
not then existine. Such was the tone of opposition in the
States of South Carolina and Georgia, and such the desire
10 gain their acquiescence in a prohibitory power, that on
a Question between the epochs of 1800 and 1808, the States
of N«w Hampshire, Massachusetts, and Connecticut (all
