1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
No. 68.—An Act for the relief of Samuel Forrest.
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives qf the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the accounting officers of the
Treasury be directed to allow to Samuel Forrest
two and a half per cent, upon the amount of mil-
itary contributions received by him while acting
as purser to the United Status ship Ohio, on the
coast of the Pacific, during the Mexican war, and
that the same be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated; the said
allowance to be in full compensation for all extra
services, expenses, and losses, during the period
aforesaid, according to the spirit of the act of
March third, eighteen hundred and forty-nine,
" To provide for the settlement of accounts of
public officers and others who may have received
moneys arising from military contributions, or
otherwise, in Mexico."
Approved, August 16, 1856.
No. 09.—An Act granting a Pension to Morris
Powers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Morris Powers on the list of invalid pensioners
of the United Stales, and pay to him the sum of
eight dollars per month from the first day of Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, during his
natural life.
Approved, August 1C, 185(i.
jSfo. 70.—An Act for the relief of Norwood
McClelland, Master of the Steamboat New
World.
Be it enacted by the. Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the. United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to Captain Nor-
wood McClelland, master of the steamer New
World, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise apprspriated, the sum of thirteen thou-
sand eight hundred and eighty-nine dollars and
eighty-six cents, being in full payment for losses
and expenses occasioned by the detention of the
steamboat New World, in the Arkansas river,
while engaged in transporting military stores be-
longing to the United States from New Orleans to
Fort Smith, during the year one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-five.
Approved, August 16, 185G.
j\j0- 7|.—An Act increasing the Pension of Albert
Hart.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
instructed to increase the pension of Albert Hart
to sixteen dollars per momh, and pay him at the
said rate of sixteen dollars per month from the
first day of January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, during his natural life.
Approved, August 16, 1856.
No. 72.—An Act for the relief of Thomas H.
Baird.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled} That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is directed, out of any money m
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to Thomas H. Baird, administrator of the estate
of Absalom Baird, a commissioned surgeon in
the army of the Revolution, the sum of ten thou-
sand seventy-four dollars and eighty-four cents,
.with interest thereon from the twenty-seventh
day of October, eighteen hundred and five, to the
first day of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
deducting therefrom the sum of twenty-four hun-
dred dollars paid under the act of June twenty-
third, eighteen hundred and_thirty-six.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
No. 73.—An Act for the relief of Abraham
Kintzing.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates qf American Congress
assembled, That there be paid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
Abraham Kir. tzing, late special examiner of drugs
at Philadelphia, the sum of three hundred and
nineteen dollars and fifty cents, being the differ-
ence between his salary as special examiner and
that of the assistant appraiser, for three months
and twenty-five days, the period during which he
performed the duties of the latter office, in addi-
tion to his own, in consequence of the death of
its incumbent.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
No. 74.—An Act granting Five Years' Half-pay
to Mrs. Ann Turner, Widow of Elbert Turner,
deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to Mrs. Ann
Tumer, widow of Elbert Turner, late of Norfolk,
Virginia, deceased, the sum of two hundred and
fifty dollars per annum, from the thirteenth day
of October, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, for
five years: Provided, That, in case of her death,
or intermarriage, before the expiration of th^/ive
years aforesaid, then the half-pay shall inure lo
his children under sixteen years of age for the
balance of the term.
Approved, August 18, 1836.
No. 75.—An Act granting a Revolutionary Pen-
sion to Sarah Blount.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States oj America in Congress
assenMed, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Sarah Blount, widow of John Blount, deceased,
a soldier of the Revolution, on the roll of revolu-
tionary pensioners, and pay her the sum of twenty
dollars per annum, from the fourth of July, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-six, during her natural
life.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
No. 76.—An Act granting a Pension to Nancy
M. Gunsally, formerly Widow of Lyman M.
Richmond, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hoxae of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Nancy M. Gunsally, formerly the widow of Ly-
man m. Richmond, deceased, upon the roll of
pensioners of the United States, and pay her at
the rate of ninety-six dollars per annum, for five
years, from the first day of January, Anno Domini
eighteen hundred and forty-nine.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
No. 77.—An Aci for the relief of Francis A.
Gibbons and Francis X. Kelly.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled,' That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is directed, out of any money in
the Treasury rot otherwise appropriated, to pay
to Francis A. Gibbons and Francis X. Kelly, the
sum of thirty-one thousand one hundred and
ninety dollars and fifty-four cents, m full for the
balance due them, under their contract with she
United States tor the building of light-houses its
California and Oregon.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
period, be paid to the surviving children:cffsftfel
Rooker, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated. ' . . - ■ J
Approved, August 18,1856. " ;
No. 79.—An Act forthe relief of John H. Scran-
ton and James M. Hunt.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in- Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to John H. Scranton and Jameis
M. Hunt, the sum of seven thousand three hun-
dred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-thre*
cents, for conveying the United States mail on
Puget's Sound, m the years one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-four and one thousand ei^ht
hundred and fifty-five.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
No. 80.—An act for the relief of Adam D. Steuart,
and of Alexander Randall, Executor of Daniel
Randall.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentativesof the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay to
Adam D. Steuart, and to Alexander Randall,
executor of Daniel Randall, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, a com-
mission of one per cent, upon such amounts of
money as were respectively collected by the said
Adam D. Steuart and Daniel Randall, and by them
disbursed or paid into the Treasury of the united
States, in virtue of the authority specially invested
in them, by order of the commanding general of
the United States Army, and arising from dutieu
on imports, taxes, or other assessments in Mex-
ico, during the late war with that Republic.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
jSf0_ 78.—An Act for the relief of the Heirs of
Jabe.z B. Rooker, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress^
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be directed to settle and adjust the
accounts of .Tabez B. Rooker, deceased, late clerk
to the Commissioner of Public Buildings, and to
allow at the rate of nine hundred dollars per
annum for the time he was actually employed in
said service subsequently to the thud day of
March, eighteen hundred and forty-three; and
that the amount so found due, after deducting ah
sums paid to him for Ins services during said
No. 81.—An Act for the relief ofTalbot C. Dous-
man . ,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States qf America in Congress
assembled, That the title of Talbot C. Dousman,
the assignee of James Vieaux, to a certain tract
of land at Green Bay, Wisconsin, confirmed to
said Vieaux by the commissioners appointed
under the act of Congress approved February
twenty-one, eighteen hundred and twenty-three,
entitled "An a of. to revive and continue in force
certain acts for the adjustment of land claims in
the Territory of Michigan," and which is des-
cribed as follows: commencing at low-water mark
on Fox river, and running west eighty arpents,
and bounded on the north by a certain tract occu-
pied by the United States garrison, west by wM
lands, south by a tract of land cljjfmed by John
Baptiste Longevine,senior, and easVby Fox river,
being five arpents in breadth more or less, be, and
the same is hereby confirmed to the said Talbot
C. Dousman; and that the Commissioner of the
General Land Office cause the said tract of land
to be surveyed in the same manner as other
private claims to land at Green Bay have been
surveyed: and thathe be required to issue apatent
thereon to and m the name of the said Talbot C.
Dousman, as the assignee of the said James
Vieaux, as in other cases, and according to the
provisions of the fifth section of the said act of
eighteen hundred and twenty-three.
Appuoved, August 16, 1856.
No. 82.—An Act for the relief of Brevet Briga-
dier General John B. Walbach, of the United
States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congrest
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and h«
is hereby, authorized and directed to pay to Bre-
vet Brigadier General John B. Walbach, United
States Army, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, such extra compen-
sation as he may consider just and reasonable for
the extra services performed by the said Walbach,
as aid-de-camp to General Wilkinson, commis-
sioner of the United States to treat with ^ western
Indians, in the y. -ir^> one thousand eight hundred
