1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
compensation; and it was shown, by results as-
certained at the time, satisfactory to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, who reported the bill
to the Senate, that by the increased graduation,
taking away the outfits as well as the infits of
the ministers, the expense of our diplomatic in-
tercourse would be m truth very much dimin-
ished; but the effect now given to the law by the
delay of the President in executing, that part of
it which relates to the elevation of the grades h^s
been to diminish the preexisting inadequate sal-
ary given to these ministers.
The object of this joint resolution is simply to
leave it discretionary with the President to make
such as he pleases ministers plenipotentiary, and
to continue such as he thinks proper as ministers
resident; but to leave the salary, from the period
at w;hich it was to commence, unaffected by his
action. Until that is done it will be a difficult
thing for the Executive to determine the grade of
these ministers. For that reason I ask for the
present consideration of the resolution.
Mr. STUART. I do not rise to object to the
consideration of the resolution, but I wish, for
my own satisfaction, to address a question to the
chairman of the committee who have reported
this resolution. The original bill was passed,as
he states, without time being allowed to consider
it or to amend it in the Senate; I have heard, on
what I deem satisfactory authority, that this law
of the last session is regarded by the President
and Secretary of State as defective in many par-
ticulars. Doubtless, the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations understands
this question, and I should like to know from him
if this be true; because, if it be true, I confess
that I very much prefer that the defects of the
Jaw, so far as legislation can do it, should be
remedied, not by parcels, but as a whole. If,
however, the chairman will state what is the con-
dition of this matter so far as he knows, I shall
be satisfied. I do not desire to object to this reso-
lution; but, having had no time to consider it, we
are in danger of running into the same difficulty
in which we have before involved ourselves.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. This is a very im-
portant question; and, although it is one with
which I do not profess to be very familiar, I
think it well worthy the deliberate consideration
of the Senate. When the bill was passed to
which this joint resolution refers, it went through
under that steam pressure which very often car-
ries bills through the Senate. I know that it has
not met the sanction of some of those in high
position, who claim to be competent to judge of
jt. I learn, from my intercourse with gentlemen
who profess to be able to judge, that there are
many particulars in which it can be improved. I
am not mistaken in saying that the compensation
provided by the bill of last year, for some of our
consuls and commercial agents, is wholly inade-
quate. I had the honor to present a memorial
some time ago—which was referred to the com-
mittee of which the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia is chairman—in reference to the compensa-
tion of our consul atAspinwall. If the facts set
forth in that memorial be true, the compensation
of that officer is wholly insufficient. If the object
be now to revise the law and improve it, I do not
perceive why we should not go further, and cure
its defects in that particular.
I am not willing to throw any obstacles in the
way of this resolution; but I suggest that a propo-
sition affecting so many important interests ought
to be thoroughly understood by the Senate before
acting upon it. I am sure that the gentlemen on
the Committee on Foreign Relations understand
it very well, and to the extent to which they have
gone they have done right; I am willing to trust
them; but I do not think they have gone far
enough. There are some defects in the law which
will not be reached by this resolution, especially
in respect to the compensation of the consuls and
commercial agents of the Government. If there
be any pressing necessity for the passage of the
resolution now, I shall not interpose any objec-
tion to jt, because I am willing to take on trust
almost any measure in regard to our foreign in-
tercourse which is recommended by the gentle-
man from Virginia and the committee of which
lie is chairman. It has been my practice to defer
to their superior information on such questions;
but T think we should consider this matter delib-
erately; it is one of great importance, relating to
the salariesof our foreign ministers, and to our
diplomatic intercourse generally. If we under-
take to disturb the law of the last session, and to
remodel it, I think it is well to go a little further
than this proposition does, and increase the com-
pensation of some gentlemen whose salaries ought
to be increased. I do not know whether the
gentleman from Virginia and the committee have
considered the application which I submitted to
them for an increase of the compensation of the
consul at Aspinwall. I do not wish to be con-
sidered as throwing myself in the way of a meas-
ure that is desirable to be passed, if there is a
pressing necessity for it, but 1 really think we had
better take some time to consider this subject.
Mr. MASON. I will reply to the*questions
put by the Senator from Michigan, and the Sen-
ator from Alabama. I will respond, first, to the
Senator from Michigan.
It was considered that there were defects in the
bill of the last session; but those which were
most important applied to the consular system
contained in that bill. There were, as I think,
and others thought with me, important defects in
parts of the bill which affected the diplomatic
system of the country; but chiefly in that portion
of the bill in relation to our foreign representa-
tives and their salaries. For instance, it required
of the ministers that they should be at their posts
before their salaries should begin. "VVe thought
that was rather onerous, and might occasionally
produce serious inconvenience. Again, it pro-
hibited ministers from being absent from the
country to which they were accredited for more
than ten days, whether with or without the sanc-
tion of the Executive, under the penalty of having
their salaries stopped during the period of their
absence. We thought, at least 1 thought, that
this was a defect in the bill. Again, it took away
what is usually called the infit—one quarter's
salary given to ministers on their return home, thus
subjecting them to embarrassment. But the most
serious defect in the bill, as I considered, and as
the committee considered, was that which disabled
the President of the United States from exe-
cuting it—I allude to that provision which as-
sumed the right on the part of Congress to direct
ihe Executive as to the grade of our foreign min-
isters—a power which I am satisfied does not
reside in Congress. It made it mandatory on the
President to appoint all the ministers resident to
be ministers plenipotentiary. It may be wise or
unwise, from time time, to send a minister res-
ident or a minister plenipotentiary to a foreign
court; and therefore, even if it were competent
for Congress to legislate in advance on the grade
of the missions, I think it would be unwise to
exercise the power; but Congress certainly does
not possess the power, and yet the bill seems to
assert it.
In answer to my friend from Alabama, I will
say that it is important that we should at once
legislate on so much of the bill as imported the
mandate to. which I have adverted; because, until
that is done, the President cannot determine how
the grades of foreign ministers shall be regulated
without running the risk of making them minis-
ters plenipotentiary, with an utterly inadequate
salary; because the salary provided by the bill
does not apply unless the grade is raised. The
whole effect of the joint resolution is to leave the
salaries, graduated as they were by the bill of the
last session, whether they shall apply to minis-
ters resident, or ministers plenipotentiary, leaving
it discretionary for the President to change the
grade of all, or any of the existing missions. The
committee thought it would be unwise to encum-
ber this joint resolution with anything more, be-
cause, when you go into the details of a measure
involving the two systems, diplomatic and con-
sular, every one must know how much difference
of opinion will be engendered, and what neces-
sary delays there will be in obtaining legisla-
tion.
I have thought that it would become necessary
during the present Congress, to offer some legis-
lation to modify so much of the bill of the last
session as affects the diplomatic system, but I am
satisfied that it should be done in a separate bill.
The Committee on Foreign Relations have noth-
ing to do with the consular system, and ought to
have nothing to do with it; that belongs to the
commercial system of the country, and should
go to the Committee on Commerce; yet it is all
embraced in one bill. If the Committee on For-
eign Relations were to undertake to amend that
bill, as a law, we should be departing from the
appropriate province of that committee. This
joint resolution is intended to leave the salaries
as they were fixed in the bill of the last session,
under the schedule which Was then. adopted,
whether they shall apply to ministers resident or
ministers plenipotentiary.
I will add further, that I consulted, as I thought
it was my duty to do, the Executive on the pro-
propriety of the measure, and it met tho entire
approbation of all the executive departments.
Mr. BAYARD. The motion of the honorable
Senator from Virginia, is, I believe, to take up a
joint resolution, reported by him as an amend-
ment to the bill passed at the last session, in ref-
erence to the diplomatic and consular system of
our Government. My objection to taking it up
is, that I think the system of patching laws is
bad in itself. That bill came to us under such
circumstances, that, like many other laws which
we pass, it was passed without being discussed,
debated, or considered at all. I do not use too
strong language, when I say that I think it is full
of crudities; that many of its provisions are utter-
ly impracticable. If you consider the objections
of the Attorney General as of any value, it must
be disregarded. Many portions of it are imprac-
ticable. I will not pause to go into them now—
some of which I know to be so; others I do not.
I have read the bill once or twice, and I ana satis-
fied that it requires a general revision, both as
regards that part which relates to the consular
officer, as well as that which relates to diplomatic
appointments. The honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia proposes a single amendment to the bill. 1
think it a bad mode of amending laws. I think
the law was passed hurriedly, without consider-
ation; it is crude and ill-digested, and requires
many and numerous alterations, each of which is
quite as important as that to which the honorable
Senator has called our attention.
I hope, therefore, that some other course will
be taken than the amendment of the law in this
way, by separate resolutions and amendments in
particular parts. I should prefer to see a resolu-
tion referring all that portion of the law which
relates to the consular establishment of the coun-
try to the Committee on Commerce, and that
portion whicli refutes to the diplomatic system of
the country to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, with instructions to report bills modifying
the law wherever it hns been found in practice
to be incompatible with the proper performance
of the duties of the officers to the country. I
think it requires such a general overhauling ani
revision that it would be unwise, by a single reso-
lution now, to modify any particular part of it.
Mr. RUSK. I wish to inquire of the chairman
of tho Committee on Foreign Relations, if there
is any necessity for acting on this resolution this
morning.
Mr. MASCOT. We know very well that if the
resolution goes on the table there will be great
difficulty in getting it up again. I therefore ask,
(as the necessity for passing it is pressing, and
as the present state of the question delays the
whole matter in regard to nominations,) that the
resolution should be passed at once. If it goes
on the table, there will be very great difficulty in
getting it up again.
Now, one word in reply to the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware. This joint resolution is
chiefly in the nature of a declaratory act, con-
taining an exposition of the legislative sense of
the meaning of the first section of the bill of last
year.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I should object to it
on the ground that the Congress of the United
States have no authority to pass such a declar-
atory law.
Mr. MASON. They very often do it, and 1
think it would be difficult to get along with legis-
lation if it was not constantly done.
The motion to take up the joint resolution was
agreed to, and it was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was road the third time and
PUBLIC PRINTING.
On motion by Mr. BENJAMIN, the Senate
