1656.}
A£i sw>x to THE ©LOBE.
7T7
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas*—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
the eastern Sutes in convention) joined in the vote for the
]a,;pf— influ.'iicetl. however, by the collateral motive of
reconciling tiio-e particular States to tlie power over com-
merce and navigation, asaiust which they felt, as did some
otlK-r Su les, a very strong repugnance. The earnestness
of South Caroliu i and Georgia was further manifested by
their ui-i.-liiiit on tile security in the fifill article against any
amendment to the Constitution affecting the right reserved
to ilieu. a.id tiieir uniting with tlie small States, who in-
sisted on a i>ke security for their equality in tlie Senate.
" Bui some of the States were not only anxious for a
constitutional provision against the introduction of slaves;
they had scruples against admitting the term ' slaves' into
the instrument. Hence the descriptive plirase, ' migra-
tion or importation of personsthe term' migration," allow-
ing thore who were scrupulous of acknowledging expressly
a property in huinau beings to view imported persons as a
species of emigrants, while others might apply the term to
foreign malefactors sent or coming into the eountry. It is
possible, though not recollected, that some might have had
an eye to tlie case of freed blacks as well as malefactors.
'• Hut, whatever may have been intended by the tenn
' migration,' or the term ' persons,' it is most certain that
they referred exclusively to a migration or importation from
other countries into the United-ritates, and not to a removal,
voluntary or involuntary, of slaves or freemen from one to
another part of the United States. Nothing appears or is
recollected that warrants this latter intention. Nothing in
the proceedings of tlie State conventions indicates such a
construction there. Had sucli been the construction, it is
easy to imagine tlie figure it would have made in many of
the States among the objections to the Constitution, and
amoug the numerous amendments to it proposed by the
State coiiventious, not oae of which amendments refers to
the clause in question. Neither is there any indication that
Congress huve lieretorbre considered themselves as deriving
from this clause a power over the migration or removal of
individuals, whether freemen or slaves, from one State to
another, whether new or old; for it must be kept in view
that, if the power was given at all, it has been in force
eleven years ovt-rall the States existing in 1808, and at all
times over the States not then existing. Every indication
is against such a construction by Congress of their consti-
tutional powers. Their alacrity in exercising their powers
relating to slaves is a proof that they did not claim what
they did not exercise. They punctually and unanimously
exercised the power accruing in 1808 against, the further
importation of slaves from abroad. They had previously
directed their power over American vessels on the high seas
tory was probably superseded by the provision against the
importation of slaves by South Carolina and Georgia, which
had not then passed laws prohibiting it. When the exist-
ence of slavery in that Territory was precluded, the impor-
tation of slaves was rapidly goi ng on ; and the only mode
of checking it was, by narrowing the space open to them.
It is not an unfair inference that the expedient would not
have been undertaken if tlie power afterwards given, to
termiuate the importation everywhere, had existed or been
even anticipated. It has appeared tRat the present Congress
never followed the example during the twenty years pre-
ceding the prohibitory epoch." *****
" Under one aspect of tlie general subject I ennnot avoid
saying that, apart from its merits under others, the tend-
ency of what has passed, ami is passing, fills me with no
slight anxiety. Parties, under some denomination or other,
must always be expected in a Government as free as ours.
When the individuals belonging to them are intermingled
in every part of the whole country, they strengthen the
union of the whole, while they divide everv part. Should
a state of parties arise founded on geographical boundaries,
and other physical and permanent distinctions which
happen to coincide with them, what is to control those
great repulsive masses from awful slioeks against each
other ?"
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not consider that I can
possibly invoke higher authority on the consti-
tutional question than that of James Madison.
Every man here knows well the part he took in
the Federal Convention. But, sir, in this debate
another gentleman has referred to another dis-
tinguished authority, to whom I will barely al-
lude. Reference was made by the Senator from
Georgia to a letter of Thomas Jefferson, express-
ing the same sentiments.
I say, under these circumstances, that I think
my friends of the North might well entertain
charity for a difference of opinion on this ques-
tion of constitutionality. All I ask is, that the
same honesty of purpose which I concede to them
shall be granted to me. They entertain the opin-
ion that this act was constitutional. I entertain
the opinion that it is unconstitutional; and in con-
- sequence of that, I declared my fixed purpose
r^'uto^^ , ago never to vote for the restoration ofthe
Doris. mmht be an inlet tor slaves from abm&d. Rutthev ., line. 1 believe that IVlr. Jefferson was sincere
when he said of it that it sounded on his ear like
a fire-bell in the night, drawing, as it did, a geo-
graphical line between the sections of the Union,
and thus necessarily dividing them.
• Mr. Madison, in referring, to the subject, ob-
serves that, however plausible may be the argu-
ment, that the Constitution would have suffered
the prohibition of slavery while the Territories
remain Territories, it is obvious that Congress j
cannot have the power to bind these Territories !
when they become sovereign States of the Union, j
I know very well it was contended, at the time of
the parage of the Kansas-Nebraska act, by one
gentleman, that this prohibition was valid under
the provisions of the Constitution only while
Kansas or Nebraska was a Territory; but when
pressed on that subject gentlemen had to confess
that the great object they had in view was to pre-
vent the introduction of slavery north of the bound-
ary line "forever." That is the language of the
ports, might be an inlet for slaves from abroad. But they
l'orebore to extend the prohibition to the introduction of
slaves from other parts of the Union. They had even pro-
hibited the importation of slaves into the Mississippi Ter-
ritory from without the limits of the United States in the
year 1796, without extending the prohibition to the intro-
duction of slaves from within Lhasc limits; although, at the
time, the ports of Georgia and South Carolina were open
for the importation of slaves from abroad, and increasing
the mass of slavery within the United States.
" If these views of the subject be just, a power in Con-
gress to control the interior migration or removal of persons
must be derived from some other source than section nine,
article one; either from the clause giving ' power to make
•U needful rules and regulations respecting toe territory or '
other property belonging to the United States,' or from that
providing for the admission of new States into the Union.
"The terms in which the first of these powers is ex-
pressed. though of a ductile character, cannot well be
extended beyond a power over the Territory as property, ,
and a power to make the provisions really needful or neces-
sary for the government of settlers uptil ripe for admission
as States into the Union. It may be inferred that Congress I
did not regard the interdict of slavery among the needful
regulations contemplated by the Constitution, since in none
of the territorial governments created by them is such an
interdict found. The power, however, be its import what ,
it may, is obviously limited to a Territory while remaining '
in that character, as distinct from that of a State.
" As to the power of admitting new States into the
Federal compact, the questions offering themselves are:
Whether Congress can attach conditions, or the new State [
concur in conditions, which, after admission,%ould abridge !
or enlarge the constitutional rights of legislation common '
to other States; whether Congress can, by a compact with !
a new metaber, take power eitner to or from itself, or place ! It would have been far, very far short of theVreat
p<£JS°by theamh^- whSbwin suchanstipH?atif!l^ ' PurPose of those who introduced this alteration in ^ "=C""S  '. =>"   
expressed or implied, would not be nullities, and so pro- ! the Jaws,to say that the Territory was to be free ject—the JNorth opposing slavery, and the South
as it pleases ? Every Senator agrees that Virginia
could become free to-morrow, or Pennsylvania a
slave State to-morrow. Nobody denies tins.
Then, what mere folly would it have been in the
framers of the Constitution to have intended to
authorize Congress to prohibit slavery in a Ter-
ritory but not tn a State—in other words, to have
allowed the power to prohibit •slavery while the
Territory was in the act of transition to a State
government, and to have denied the same poorer
the moment after the formation and admission of
the State! The ridiculousness of the position,
if I may use that word without offense to any-
body, would be apparent in the fact that, if Con-
gress were to exclude Kansas, asking admission
here with a slaveholding constitution, Kansas
might immediately afterwards strike out the clause
about slavery, obtain admission, and then call a
convention and admit slavery. Nobody doubts
this.
I do not feel the necessity of urging addi-
tional arguments on the subject, especially after
what has been said by Mr. Madison. 1 uo hold
and believe firmly, that the compromise line of
1820, however great may have been the wisdom
of those who adopted it under the extraordinary
exigencies of the occasion, was an unconstitu-
tional provision. The repeal originated with
northern men, and a large majority of northern
Senators voted for it; and, therefore, I must say
to honorable gentlemen on the other side of the
controversy, that I cannot understand the force
of the argument which they constantly press, that,
when this prohibition ceased, they were justified
in making the charge of want of faith against
the other section of the Union.
Sir, I do not make these remarks in any spirit
of urrkindness. I beg gentlemen of the other side
to understand that I make them in my own justi-
fication. I used these arguments when the act
was passed; and I now beg leave to state very
briefly the reason why I did not vote for the Kan-
sas and Nebraska act. I thought, and think now,
that it was bad policy on the part of the South
to pass the bill at that time, as it was framed. If
the bill had merely repealed the Missouri com-
promise line, I should not have resisted it. Six-
teen northern Senators avowed themselves ift
favor of it; but it had other provisions which I
thought then, and think yet, highly objection*
able. It established the principle of what is some-
times called" squatter sovereignty," which I had
opposed warmly several years before. . In debate
in this Chamber, in 1848,1 expressed my views,
in concurrence with those of Mr. Calhoun, oil
that subject Mr. Manypenny, the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, I think, stated about the time of
the introduction of the Kansas and Nebraska act,
that there were but three white men in the whole
Territory. About the time of the passage of the
bill, somebody here said that there were a thou-
eigtyth section of the act of 1820, and it was sand or twelve hundred men in Kansas. I could
meant beyond all doubt to exclude slavery forever, not consent that so few men as that, or even a
Any man who will look to the debates at the few thousand more, should have the power of
time of the admission of Missouri will agree that deciding such a great question as this, not merely
the meaning of the word "forever''*as understood J affecting themselves, but their posterity forever,
at that day was, to prohibit slavery in this region ;i and the rights and interests of all the people of
forever, in the States as well as in the Territories, j1 the United States—affecting more than twenty-
five millions of people besides them; each section
of the Union feeling most sensitively on the sub-
contending for its right to carry slaves there.
That the few men thus accidentally scattered over
nounced when brought to a practical test? It falls within only while it remained a Territory/ and that
^'™T„of-y<Vir ,ul,uiry 10 slate ff10 fact> that there was a slavery might obtain there after it became a State.
ofd'and'the'new Sta^Tl^M^rt'STi^e Coimftution I ** was intended> according to the true meaning of the Territories at that time, and those other per
declaring that the aggregate number of Representatives word "forener," that slavery should be pro- sons who might happen to go there within a few
fwim t!wi    k. i • ■ . 1. '1. !i 1 .1 <• I '1 rt. . ii .   <1 1 111 ,i t " I i
from the States thereafter to be admitted should never
exceed t.'iat of the States originally adopting the Constitu-
tion. The proposition, happily, was rejected. The effect
of such a discrimination is sufficiently evident." * *
yv*ith respect to what has taken place in the Northwest
Territory, it may be observed that the ordinance giving its
distinctive clmracer on the subject of slaveholding pro-
ceeded from the O.d Congress, acting with the best "inten-
tions, but under a charter which contains no shadow of the
hibited there forever, while a State as well as
Territory.
Now, in further proof of this, if you will look
back to the language used by Congress at the time
of the admission of Texas into tlie Union, you
will find that in one section of that act they ex-
     ... tended this compromise line through the Territory
authority exercised; and it remains to be decided how far j of Texas, and there they used the word " States
the States formed within that Territory, and admitted into - instead of " Territory, and provided that in the
toe Union, ar# on fl nin.TPnt fnntina frAm ittA nfhor mum_ I" r . . .1 .1 . *
the Union, are on a different footing from the other mem
bers-as to their legislative sovereignty." * * *
" Whether the convention could have looked to the exist-
ence of slavery at all in the new States is a point on which
I can add little to what has been already stated. The
great object of the convention seemed to be to prohibit the
increase by the importation of slaves. A power to eman
cipate slaves was disclaimed; nor is anything recollected
that denoted a view to control the distribution of those
within the country. The case of the Northwestern Terri-
] months, should have the power to decide such a
momentous question, I could not agree to then,
and I could not now. I was not able to under-
! stand the justice of the ground on which that
l portion of the bill rested, and I therefore voted
; against it. I predicted at the time, as will be
; seen by reference to the debates, that transient
persons, having no interest in the Territory,
would go to Kansas and decide the controversy
States created north of 36° 30' slavery should be ,j between the parties. The worst of my appre
1 forever prohibited. That shows the construction
which Congress put on the word "forever" in
] the act of 1820.
j We come, then, to the point which Mr. Madison
stated. Will any man contend that you have the
power to prohibit a State, when it comes into the
Union, from establishing or prohibiting slavery
hensions have been realized.
[Mr. Clatton continued his argument against
the Kansas-Nebraska act and the restriction
! clause in the compromise act of 1820 at consid-
, erable length, and concluded his speech by pro-
| posing an amendment, which he intended to
I move at the proper time. In consequence of his
