788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
4
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted by him on the 27th of March;
Resolved That the Committee on Printing b<? instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing by legislation
Uiat no greater number of documents, reports, and other
matter, be printed than may be required by either branch
of Congress in the perfoimance of its legislative or execu-
tive duties, unless by virtue of a joint resolution of both
Houses, ordering the" printing of an extra number of copies.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is a mere resolution
of inquiry. I desire simply to say, for the con-
sideration of the Committee on Printing, that I
think they would do well to inquire into the con-
stitutional power of either branch of Congress to
publish and circulate documents through the coun-
try, out of its contingent fund. In my opinion i
there is no such constitutional power in either
branch of Congress. The exercise of such power
requires a joint, resolution by the two bodies
which constitute Congress.
The resolution was agreed to.
FALLS OF THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. PUGH. Some day,? ago I offered a reso-
lution for the appointment of a select committee
•upon the subject of the obstructions to naviga-
tion at the fails of the Ohio river. Its considera-
tion was then objected to by some Senators on (he
other side. I ask that it may now be taken up,
co as to be disposed of at this time.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, which was submitted by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio on the 14th of March:
RcsoheJ, Thnt a committee of five be appointed !>v the
"President jtro tempore to consider the best method of im-
proving or obviating the obstructions to navigation .it the
J'alb of the Ohio iner j and that ><ud committcc bo author-
ized to report by bill or otherwise,
Mr. PUGTI. It was not my design, in offering
this resolution, to reflect on the standing Com-
mittee of Commerce in any decree whatever.
That committee have already reported a bill which
1 presume contains all they feel authorized to
recommend for the consideration of Congress. I
am satisfied, for my part, that their recommenda-
tions do not meet the wi&ho-* of a large majority
of the people interested in this improvement.
This is a case peculiar in itself. The obstructions
at the falls of the Ohio impede the commerce of
many States of this Union. The difficulties vrhich
have arisen heretofore in relation to the removal of
those obstructions, have grown out of a diversity of
opinion among the parlies interested, as to the best
method of removing them. My purpose m otter-
ing this resolution, is to see whether, by a com-
parison of views with those most interested, we
cannot agree to some proposition and recommend
it to the consideration of Congress. It is my
purpose that such a bill, when reported, shall pass
the ordeal of the standing Committer on Com-
merce; but as 1 know that that committee have
already a number of subjects before them, 1 de-
sire to have an opportunity of consulting with
other gentlemen interested, before ollerm^ any
hill at all. Therefore I have moved for this
select committee as preferable to the introduction
of a bill individually. Tins icsolution does not
commit the Senate to any project. As I have
disclaimed any intention of mtnifering with the
legitimate province of any standing committee,
I trust there will bo no objection to the passage
of the resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Ohio if he is aware of the fact that the
Committee on Commerce have already reported
o bill on this very subject, which bill is now on
the Calendar of the Senate for its potion?
Mr. PUGH. The standing committee ha«?
reported a bill appropriating £90,000 for the im-
provement of the Ohio rivt_r along its whole
length. I suppose that is hnsed unon the esti-
mates of the Department, as it, is offered as an
amendment to the bill introduced by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodiiead.] I have
no idea that any portion of that estimate covers
the improvement of the falls of the nver. I sup-
pose it is intended to remove the obstructions at
the mouth of the Cumberland river above that
point. The second section of the bill of the Com-
mittee on Commerce authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to take possession of the Louisville
and Portland canal, the stock of which is already
owned by the Federal Government. In that
respect the Federal Government is entitled to
scarcely any credit at all. It has received back
more than it h?s over put in the canal; for, undor
the provisionsof an act of the Kentucky Legisla-
ture, and of some legislation by Congress, the
Government has bought up the private stock in
that canal out of the profits of the canal itself, and
already owns a property far exceeding m value
the sum which was originally invested.
I have long been satisfied, and I think every-
body is satisfied in the western country, that the
present canal is totally inadequate. The largest
class of steamers which navigate that river cannot
pass through it. It is too shallow, it is too nar-
row, and the capacities of the chambers of the
locks are such that steamers cannot pass through
them. Congress must either enlarge that canal,
or must m-ovide for the construction of a new
canal, or tor the removal of the obstructions in
the body of the stream itself. It is on account
of a diversity of opinion as to which of these
three propositions should be adopted, that the
attention of Congress has not been called directly
to the subject. I presume tfce Committee on
Commerce have expressed their opinion; and if
the bill reported embraces all they expect to
recommend to the consideration of Congress, it
does not meet my wishes, nor the wishes of the
people whom I have the honor to represent.
Mr. HAMLIN. I believe the Committee on
Commerce examined this question in no other
aspect than that m which it was presented to
them for consideration. There was no sugges-
tion as to the incapacity of the works now in
existence to perform all the service there required.
Theio was no application for an extension of that
work in any manner; but it was a simple propo-
sition to keep the works as they are now in
repair, and to transfer the stock of that canal to
the Government, in accordance with the provis-
ions of a law passed long since. This is the only
I view in which the committee examined it; this
i is the only aspect in which it was presented to
■ them.
I I apprehend the Committee on Commerce can
j ha\e no objection to the raising of a select com-
mitt' <*, if the Senator from Ohio is desirous to
; hav* one, and the Senate shall deem it advisable.
I As one of the Committee on Commerce, I can
| only say, that I should be very happy if the
; Senate would relieve us from all the duties which
| appropriately devolve on us. If the subject is to
j be < xamtned in a different point of view from
that which it has already received, it should
undoubtedly be recommitted to the Committee
on Commerce, or referred tc* a new committee,
as the Senate shall deem appropriate. The Com-
mittee on Commerce, I apprehend, can have no
| objection to referring' it to a select committee,
j Mr. KRLL, of Tennessee. May I ask the
' Senator ftom Ohio what reference he made to the
I question of the removal of the dam at Cumberland
| Island ?
,j Mr. PUGH. I said that I presumed the gen-
i oral appropriation of $90,000, provided for by the
; bill repmtcd by the Committee on Commerce,
' was ino nd- d to cover, in some measufe, improve-
ments at that portion of the river, perhaps the
" repair of the dam, or the removal of some portion
• of the bar and rocks below the grand chain. I
, imagined that was included in the estimate.
| Mr. HblLL, of Tennessee. Then I understand
I the Honorable Senator did not propose to interfere
] with the Cumberland dam.
, Mr. PUGH. No, sir; I merely said that I
i supposed the appropriation was intended to cover
: that obj' < t.
i Mr. iiTUART. I wish to amend the resolu-
! tion ."o as to recommit to the special committee,
I when it shall be raised, the bill which was re-
; ported by the Committee on Commerce. I think
i the special committee, if one be raised, should
; have jurisdiction of the whole subject; we should
i not be 1. msiatmg by piecemeal. I therefore move
I to amend the resolution so that it shall affect
that object.
The PRESIDENT. The bill can be taken up
at any time on motion, and referred to the com-
mittee,
Mr. STUART. Very well. Let the resolu-
tion pas-', and I will afterwards ask to take up
the bill for_ that purpose.
Mr. PUGH. I think the suggestion is entirely
unnecessary. The bill reported covers but two
propositions; first, a general appropriation for the
objects which I have mentioned in reply to the
Senator from Tennessee. I do not propose to
interfere with that, and I see no reason why it
should be delayed. Those matters have been
estimated by the proper Department. I should
give that portion of the bill standing upon its
own merits, my cordial support. The second
section simply provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury may take possession of the Louisville
and Portland canal. I have already stated that
the General Government owns all the stock of that
canal, but having no authority to carry it on, they
have allowed nominally the ownership of some
few shares to reside in a sufficient number of in-
dividuals to keep up the corporate character of
the company, and to conduct the operations of
the canal. It is to do away with that fiction, and ■
to put the control of the canal into the hands
of the Secretary of the Treasury, that tljc section
was reported by the Committee on Commerce.
I no not propose to interfere with their bill in any
shape or form. It may go on regularly to its
passage; but I desire that the measures to be
considered by the select committee shall be. in
addition to those reported by the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. ADAMS. I know, sir, from having passed
over this route repeatedly, that the present con-
dition of the Louisville and Portland canal does
not answer the purposes of the country; I have,
therefore, 110 objection to the resolution offered
by the Senator from Ohio; yet I would greatly
prefer ceding the whole interest of the Govern-
ment to the State of Kentucky, with necessary
and proper restrictions to guard the rights of those
who may be interested in navigating the river.
The Government has no use for the canal, but it
has an interest there, and, as suggested by the
j Senator from Ohio, almost if not the entire in-
j tercst. Kentucky would keep it much better than
I the Government. That State has a direct and
I immediate interest, and I think it should be ceded
I to that State with proper restrictions. I admit
; that this is a subject standing on different ground
1 from other improvements on the Ohio and other
i rivers, and I think it should not be connected
with the general question of internal improve-
ment; but I hope the committee will investigate
this matter, and report in favor of providing by
law for ceding to Kentucky, in the event that that
State will accept it, upon proper and necessary
restrictions, the whole interest of the Government
in this canal.
Mr. HAMLIN. I did not distinctly hear the
Senator from Ohio in the remarks which ho first
submitted to the Senate; but, from what I could
hear, I understood that his proposition was to
increase the capacity of the canal. I think he
said that it was, in its present state, insufficient
for the commerce of the country, and that the
object of the select committee was to inquire into
the propriety of enlarging the work. Am I right ?
Mr.PUGH. No, sir,I stated that that proposi-
tion had been made by some gentlemen; that it had
also been proposed by others to construct a canal
on the opposite side of the river; and that others
still had proposed an improvement by locks and
dams in the body of the stream. My own judg-
ment is entirely against the last proposition; and
I believe it will be found necessary not only to
enlarge the. present canal, but to construct another.
I do not believe that both will be more than suf-
ficient for the wants of commerce; but I desire
the committee to examine the question, so that
those interested may agree upon a proposition to
which all can give their support.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator's present ex-
planation is about what I supposed was the view
which he entertained. If this committee shall
be raised—and I interpose no objection to it—I
think that there should be either a provision in
the resolution, or an understanding which shall
not beget a division here, that the bill which
| was reported by the Committee on Commerce
I shall be referred to the same committee, for this
I plain, simple reason: the bill does contain a pro-
vision for the Government to take possession of
the works. It also contains an appropriation of
$90,000 for keeping those works in repair, and for
doing certain things.
Mr. PUGH. 1 think the Senator must be in
error in regard to the appropriation for keeping
the canal in repair. I have been informed that
there was a surplus last year of $50,000 from the
profits of the canal, which would have been ap-
propriated then to its enlargement if the river
