778
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 2,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
indisposition we are unable to obtain a revision
,of these remarks, and have to conclude our re-
port of them with the following copy of his pro-
posed amendment:]
No law siiail be in force in the said Territory violating,
or tending to the violation of the grt'at principle asserted
in the Kauras and Nebraska act, which leaves the people
" perfectly free to form and regulate their own domestic in-
stitutions in their Arn way," or whereby the people of said
Territory shall be prohibited from Tree and full discussion
of their own domestic institutions and interests, or whereby
said people shall, for affirming or denying the existence or
propriety of admitting or prohibiting slavery in said Terri-
tory, be visited or threatened with any penalty or punish-
ment. Nor shall any test-oath be required as a qualifica-
tion for any civil office or public trust, nor any oath to
support any act of Congress, or other legislative act, be re-
quired of any attorney-at law, solicitor, delegate, or mem-
ber of the Legislative Assembly, or any other officer under
the laws of Kansas, or of any voter at any election in the
said Territory.
Trial by jury shall be as at common law, and no chal-
lenge or objection toa juror shall avail which is not author-
ized by the rules of common law, any statute to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
Nor shall the prepayment of any tax be required of him
as such a qualification; nor shall any Indian not recognized
as a citizen by treaty be permitted to vote.
No man shall be prosecuted in said Territory on any
charge of constructive treason, or any other charge of trea-
son save that of levying war agninst the United States, or
of adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I design
to submit some views on this matter. I have
been one of those who thought it ought to have
been taken up and disposed of long ago, and have
always voted to bring on this subject at the ear-
liest time proposed by anybody; but I do not
know that it can make any particular difference
whether the bill under consideration is passed to-
night or to-morrow, and I see no propriety in
remaining here all night for the purpose of taking
a vote on it. I w*>uld much prefer coming here
to-morrow and finishing it. I therefore move that
the Senate do now adjourn. (It was now half
past ten o'clock.)
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, if there be no
disposition to adjourn, and there is a special ne-
cessity for acting on the bill to-night, 1 suppose
I can, perhaps* undergo the fatigue and inconve-
nience as well as others, and will say what I have
to say upon it at the present time.
The bill, in many of its features, meets my ap-
probation. It is a concession to what I conceive
to be a correct principle us to the government of
the Territories. It is an assumption, on the part
of Congress, of the right to regulate and govern
the Territories, and a repudiation of that term
" sovereignty," popular sovereignty, squatter
sovereignty, or self-government, which has some-
times been spoken of as existing in a Territory,
and which in itself was, to my mind, always a
contradiction in terms. I never could conceive
how self-government could be conferred, and> yet
it has been insisted over and over again that the
Kansas-Nebraska bill conferred the right of self-
government on the people of the Territories. I
never could understand how the people of a Ter-
ritory could be sovereign; for, if sovereign, not
being a State of the Union, they must, of neces-
sity, be independent communities outside of the
United States. There can be no such thing as
sovereignty or self-government in a Territory of
the United States, for the moment that either ex-
ists it ceases to be a part of the United States.
Early in the session, in a report submitted to
the Senate by the chairman of the Committee
on Territories, [Mr. Douglas,] the right of Con-
««  to pass upon territorial laws is discussed
and denied. The committee at that time forbore
to make any examination of the objectionable laws
said to have been passed by a body of men claim-
,n5 lo "e a Legislative Assembly in the Territory
of Kansas, on the ground that it was not competent
for Congress to revise those laws. This was the
language of the chairman of the committee on
that occasion:
" Your committee have not considered it any part of their
duty to examine and review each enactmeut and provision
of the large volume of laws adopted by the Legislature of
Kansas upon almost every rightful subject of legislation
and affecting nearly every relationnnd interest in life, with
a view either to their approval or disapproval by Congress
for the reason that they are local laws, confined in their
operation to the internal concerns of the Territory, the con-
frpl and management of which, by the principles of the
■federal coru/iMion, as welt as by the very terms of the
Kansas-Nebraska act, are confided to the people of the
Territory, to be determined by themselves through their
representatives in their local Legislature, and uot by the
Congress in which they have no representatives to give or
withhold their assent to the laws upon which their rights
and liberties may all depend."
This was the doctrine of the 12th of March
last, when the report was submitted. Now, sir,
we have submitted for our consideration a bill
recommended by the same committee, which,
without hesitation, treats as nullities many of the
laws of this Territorial Legislature, assumes the
right at once to blot them out—declares that they
shall have no existence. I am glad that the com-
mittee have ceased to follow that ignis fatuus dis-
covered two years ago, ycleped self-government
; or popular sovereignty, and have concluded to
return to the sound old doctrine of recognizing
the authority of Congress over the Territories,
and providing for its exercise.
Tne eleventh section of the bill now before us
declares that " until the completion of this act
no other election shall be held in said Territory."
The committee do not disregard the enactments
of this Legislature upon the ground that .it was
; an assemblage of men without authority; but
they treat it as a valid Legislature, and they de-
clare that " until the complete execution of this
act no other election shall be held in said Terri-
tory." The territorial acts had provided for a
feneral election in October next, when it was to
e determined whether the people should have a
convention to form a State constitution, prepar-
atory to admission into the Union—had provided
for tne appointment of judges of elections, clerks,
&c.—had prescribed the manner of voting, and
the mode of making returns, and canvassing the
votes; but this bill treats all that action as void,
and declares that the people of the Territory shall
hold no election on the 1st of October, as the
territorial laws bad provided. Then, it is now
an admitted fact, on all sides of the Senate, that
the Congress of the United States has authority
to abrogate the laws of a Territorial Legislature,
although in the organic act no such power is re-
served.
The whole bill is framed without any regard
to the wishes of the people of the Territory. A
convention is called, or directed to be called, with-
out consulting them. Delegates to that conven-
tion are to be chosen upon a particular day; com-
missioners are sent out to register the names of
voters; the qualification of voters is prescribed;
and the whole election is to be conducted, and
returns are to be made, in accordance with the
rules and regulations prescribed by Congress,
which thus assumes the whole authority over the
Territory. Sir, I congratulate the country that
the false doctrine of sovereignty in a Territory,
and self-government in a Territory, is repudiated
by its authors. In submitting this bill to the
consideration of the Senate the committee accom-
pany it by a written report; and, although they
nave recommended the passage of a bill which
assumes authority on the part of Congress to regu-
late the Territory, yet in the report accompanying
the bill we find put forth the same false doctrine
of territorial sovereignty or self-government,
under the pretense of which the country has been
convulsed for the last two years—a doctrine which
has been refuted time ana again throughout the
country, and upon the floor of the Senate, but
which seems to be reiterated as if the constant and
frequent repetition of an erroneous proposition
would eventually induce people to believe in its
truth. I read from this report:
" The organic law of Kansas is identical with that of Ne-
braska in all its provisions and principles. Each is based
on that great fundamental principle of self-government,
which underlies our whole system of republican institu-
tions, as promulgated in the Declaration of Independence,
consecrated by the blood of the Revolution, and consoli-
dated and firmly established by the Constitution of the !
United States. Each recognizes the right of the people J
thereof, while a Territory, to form and regulate their own
domestic institutions in their own way, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States." i
Is this true ? Does the organic act of Kansas '
Territory recognize the right of thepeople therein,
while a Territory, to form and regulate their own
domestic institutions in their own way, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States? 1
aver that it does no such thing. Is it not part of
the domestic institutions of a people to elect their U
own Governor ? Is there anything in the Con-
stitution of the United States prohibiting the peo-
ple of a Territory electing their own Governor?
Surely not. No such provision can be found; and
yet the Kansas act declares that the President of
the United States shall appoint the Governor.
Notwithstanding that, this report says the prin-
ciple of the Kansas act was to leave the people to
regulate their own domestic institutions in their
own way. I have shown on a former occasion
that it did not do so, and I only show it now again
to meet the ceaseless reiteration of that which is
not warranted by the facts of the case, and I know
no other way to meet the constant reiteration of
error but by its constant exposure whenever and
wherever made. The case of the Governor,
already cited, is sufficient to show that the state-
ment in the report is untrue. But, sir, it is not the
only instance of a want of power in the people of
Kansas to regulate their domestic affairs. A very
important department in the government of every
people is their judiciary. It is a part of the do-
mestic affairs of every people to elect or appoint
their own judges. There is nothing in the Con-
stitution of the United States forbidding the peo-
ple of a Territory doing this; but the Kansas-
Nebraska bill does not alloDr it. It declares that
the President of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint
the judges in Kansas Territory. There is no
escape from this by telling me that they are United
States judges. That attempt was made a few days
ago, on the floor of the Senate, and I exposed its
fallacy by showing that the territorial judges had
not only the jurisdiction of judges of the United
States courts in the States, but also of the judges
of the St^te courts. There is no'such thing as
a territorial judge, corresponding to a judge of a
| State court, in the Territory of Kansas. The
i Kansas-Nebraska bill does not permit the people
of Kansas to elect a territorial judge of any kind,
1 except a mere judge of probate or a justice of the
[ peace.
Again, sir, is there anything in the Constitution
of tne United States which would prevent the
people of a Territory from fixing the jurisdiction
> to be conferred on a justice of the peace ? I ap-
prehend not; but the Kansas-Nebraska bill says
that justices of the peace in Kansas Territory
shall have jurisdiction not exceeding #100. Now,
what is meant by the ceaseless reiteration of this
false proposition, that the people of Kansas are
left perfectly free to form and regulate their own
domestic institutions in their own way, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States ? I
could occupy your time from now until daylight
in showing that the people of Kansas possess no
' such power under the organic act. Why, sir,
they cannot elect the clerk of a court. The clerks
of the courts in Kansas are appointed by judges
who are appointed by the President. They can-
not elect a sheriff to perform any higher duty than
to wait on a justice of the peace or a probate court.
The officer to wait upon and serve process issued
by the district and supreme court is a marshal
appointed J y the President. Is it not, then, a
most palpable contradiction a—most barefaced
assumption, for any one to say that an organic
act which takes from the people the right to elect
their own executive and tneir own judiciary, two
branches of the Government, is an act which
confers upon them the right to regulate their own
domestic institutions in tneir own way? And yet
this report makes this assumption, not only in
the clause which I have read, but, upon the next
page, it asserts the same proposition again, and
lest it should escape the attention of the reader,
the second insertion is italicized. The advocates
of the Kansas organic act, while professing to
leave the people of the Territory free to govern
themselves, placed over them a Governor and
judges without their consent; and now, with sim-
ilar professions on their lips, the Committee on
Territories, through their chairman, [Mr. Doug-
las,] recommend the passage of the bill annul-
ling many of the acts which a Territorial Legis-
lature, regarded by them as valid, has passed.
What could be more inconsistent? For my
own part, I have always believed, that Congress
possessed, and ought to exercise, the power of
making needful rules and regulations for the gov-
ernment of the Territories, leaving to the people
