1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1515
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And if the in-
structions be adopted, and the Iioase then re-
fuses to refer to the Committee of the Whole, we
are guilty of an inconsistency; the first vote can-
not be executed, as all will fall together.
The SPEAKER. If after the adoption of the
instructions the House refuse to refer to the
Committee of the Whole, the instructions fall.
Mr. SCOTT. If this vote does not carry, does
the previous question cover the passage of the
bill?
The SPEAKER. The previous question ex-
tends only to the engrossment and third reading
of the bill. It does not operate on the final pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. DUNN. If this amendment be adopted,
and the bill be referred, and it is again brought
into the House, will it not then be open to such
amendments as any one may desire to offer ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question will
have been exhausted by the reference of the bill.
The question was taken on the instructions
proposed by Mr. Stephens, as amended; and
it was decided in the negative—yeas 2, nays 210,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Dunn and Harrison—2.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Allison, Ball,
Barbour, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell, Henry Bennett, Hend-
ley S. Bennett, Benson, BUhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bli^s, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Bradshaw, Branch, Brenton,
Brooks. Broom, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnett, Cadwal-
ader, James 11. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Carlile,Oaruthers,Caskie, Bayard Clarke, Ezra
Clark, Clawson, Clmgman, JIowcll Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cox, Cragiu, Craige,
Crawford, Cullen, Cumback, Damreil, Davidson, Timothy
Davis, Day, Dean, Denver, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Dowdeli, Durfee, Edie. Edmundson, Edwards, Elliott, J
Emiie, English. Eustis, Evans,Faulkner, Flayer,Florence, '
Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway. Giddings, Gilbert,
Goode, Granger, Gieemvood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Robert
B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Haven, Herbert, Iliekman, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas
li. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Houston, Howard, Hughs-
ton, Jewctt, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt,
Kellv, Kelsey, Kennett, Kidwell, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lindley,
Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Maishall,
Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell, McCarty, Me-
Mullin, McQueen. Meacliam, Kilhan Miller, Smith Miller,
Millson, Morgan, Morrill, Muiray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Backer, Paine, Parker, Pearce, Peck,
Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Pike, Porter,
Powell, Pringle, Purvianee, Puryear, Quitman, Ready,
Ricaud, Rivers, Robbins, Roberts, Robison, Ruffin, Rust,
Sabin, Sage, Sandidge, ijapp, Savage, Seott, Seward,
Sherman, Shorter, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, William XI. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Stranahan, Swope, Talbott, Tappan,
Taylor, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tnppe,
Underwood, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Wal-
dron. Walker, Warner, CadwaladerC. Washburne, Ellihu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkms, Watson,
Welch, Wheeler, Whitnev, Williams, Wood, Woodruff,
Woodworth, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolli-
coffer—210.
So the instructions as amended were rejected.
Pending the call of the roll, ;
Mr. MEACHAM stated that Mr. Chaffee j
had been taken suddenly and seriously ill, and [
had paired off with Mr. Reade.
The question recurred on Mr. Dunn's motion !
that the bill be referred to the Committee of the j
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. j
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the negative—yeas 101, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Hcndley
S. Bennett, Bocock, Branch, Broom, Burnett, Cadwal-
ader, John P. Campbell. Cailile. Oaruthers, Ca=kie, Clmg-
man'. How ell Cobb, Williamson E. W. Cobb, Cox. Craige,
Crawford, Cullen, Davidson. Denver, Dowdeli, Dunn, Ed-
mundsoii, Elliott, English. Etheridgo, Kustis, Faulkner,
Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Gieenwood,
Augustus Hall, J. Mormon Harris, Sampson Y\. Harris,
■ Ilarn-on, Haven, Jleibert, Hoffman, Houston, Jewctt, ;
Geor c W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett,
KiilweM, Lake, Letcher, Lmdley, Lumpkin, Alexander K.
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullm, Me-
Ciueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Orr. Paine,
Peek, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Puryeai, Quitman, Ready,
Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Seward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith. William it.
Smith. Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Taylor,
'frame, Undcnvood, Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkins,
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Daniel B. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zollicoffcr—101.
NAYS Messis Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bar-
clay llrnrv Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham,
Bishon. Bliss. Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffinton, Burlingame,
James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Bayaid Clarke,
Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Ciagm,
Ciimhaek. Damiell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De VV itt,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, l>ui fee, Edie, Edwards,Emrie, F ag-
ler CJallowiy Giddm«s, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B.
Hall, Harlan, Hickman, Holloway, Thomas 11. Horton,
Valentine B. Horton. Howard. Ilughston, Kelsey, Kmc,
Knapp, Knipht, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Mcacham, Kilhan
Miller, Millward, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Nichols,
Andrew Oliver, Packer, Paiker, Pearce, Pelton, Penning-
ton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pnngle, Purvianee, Robbins,
Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman,
Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thoring-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood,
Woodruff, and Woodworth—109.
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. MOORE stated that he had paired off on
this question with Mr. Boyce, or he should have
voted in the negative.
Mr. GROW. I now propose to withdraw the
motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Territories. It would be wasting time to take a
vote on it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. The motion can only be
withdrawn by unanimous consent.
Mr. BARCLAY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the House refused to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GROW. I move to lay that motion upon
the table.
Mr. WALKER. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. j ONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered. ;
The question was taken on Mr. Jones's mo-
tion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas 106,
nays 107; as follows:
YE \.S—Me?sr?. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Cell,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Brooks, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell,
Carhle, Carutheis, Caskie, Clingnian, Howell Cobb, Wil-
liamson R. W. Oobb, Cox, Craige. Crawford, Cullen,
Davidson, Denver, Dowdeli, Dunn, Edmund^on, Elliott,
English, Etherulge, Eusti-5, Faulkner, Florence, Foster,
Thomas J. D Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Hanis, Haven, Herbert,
Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher,
Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, S. S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullm, McQueen,
Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packcr,
Paine, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Puryear, Quitman,
Ready, Kicaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage,
Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Snccd, Stephens, Stewart, Sw ope, Talbott,
Taylor, Tnppe, Underwood, Valk, Walker, Warner, Wat-
kins, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Daniel B. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zollicoffcr—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Rail, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson. Billinghurst, Bmgham, Bishop, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Bienton, Buffinton, Burlingame, James H.
Cumpbull, Lewis D. Campbell, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark,
Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragm, Cumback,
Damreil, Timothy Davis. Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dick-
son, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Edwards, Emne, Flaglej, Gallo-
way, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Grander, Grow, Robert B, Hall,
Harlan, Hickman, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine
B. Horton, Howard, Hugh^ton, Kelsey, King, Knapp,
Km^ht, Knowlton. Knox, Kunkel, Leitfr, Matteson, Mc-
Cartv. Mcacham, Kilhan Miller, Millward, Moore, Morgan,
Morrill, Muriay, Nichols, Andiew Oliver. Parker, Pearce,
Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pnngle, Purvianee,
Robbins, Roberts, Robison, Sabm,Sage, Sapp, Seott, Sher-
man, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stianahan, Tappan,
Thorm^ton. Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman,
Wa!bnd"e, Waldrou, Cdawaladei C. Washburne, Ellihu B,
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood,
Woodruff, and Woodworth—107.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. BRANCH, (at three o'clock and twenty-
five minutes.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
The question recurred upon Mr. Grow s mo-
tion to lay upon the table the motion to rcconsider
1 the vote by which the House refused to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, on which the yeas and nays had
been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 102; as follows:
YE \S—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, BUhn'ghurst, Bingham. Bishop, BUsss,
Bradshaw, liuffmton, Burhnzame, James H. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell. Bayaid Clarke,Ezra Clark, Clawson,
Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragm, Cumback, Damreil, Tim-
othv Davis. Dav, Dean, De Witt, Dick. Dickson, Dodd,
Dufi'ec, Edwards. Emrio. Filler. Calloway. Gidding*.
Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hickman,
Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, How-
ard, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Matteson, McCarty, Meacham,
Killian Miller, Millward, Moore, Morgan. Morrill, Murray,
Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Parker, Pearce, Pelton,
Pennington. Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle,Purvianee, Robbins,
Roberts, Robison, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman,
Simmons, Spmner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thoring-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
bridge, Waidron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Wood, Woodruff,
and Woodworth—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Biooks, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John"P. Campbell,
Carlile, Caskie, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Davidson, Denver,
Dowdeli, Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Ethendge,
Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster. Goode, Green-
wood, J.Morrison Harris, SampsonW. Harris, Harrison,
Haven, Herbert. Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell,
Lake, Letcher,Lindtey, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMul-
lin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Paine, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Ready,
Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Seward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R.
Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbot, Taylor,
Tnppe, Underwood, Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkins,
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Daniel B. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zollicoffei—102.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BRENTON asked leave to vote.
The SPEAKER. Was the gentleman within
the bar when his name was called ?
Mr. BRENTON. I got within the bar just as
the next name but one to mine was called. [Cries
of " Too late !"]
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from Indiana to say that he was
■within the bar when the next name to his was
called ? [Cries of " No ! no !" and "The next
but one !"]
Mr. BRENTON. I came in at the door as Mr.
Brooks's name was called, and just as I stepped
within the bar the Clerk called the name of Mr.
Broom.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's statement
does not entitle him to vote, within the practice
of the House, the name of Mr. Broom being the
second after the name of the gentleman from In-
diana.
Mr. GROW. I propose now, with the con-
sent of the House, to withdraw my motion to
recommit the bill to the Committee an Territo-
ries.
Mr. WALKER. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I presume it is in
order now to move to lay the whole subject upon
the table.
The SPEAKER. That proposition has been
negatived by a vote of the House.
Mr. SMITH. There has been action since.
The SPEAKER. The bill has not been
changed in its character.
Mr. SMITH. Then I move to postpone the
whole subject indefinitely.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
pending the order for the previous question.
Mr. "WALKER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. EDIE. If the House adjourns now, will
this be the first business in order to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. STEPHENS. Is there any objection to
the gentleman from'Pennsyl vania withdrawing
his motion to recommit the bill?
The SPEAKER. Objection was made on the
right of the Chair.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 trust that that objection
will be withdrawn, and that we shall take a direct
vote on the passage of the bill this evening.
Mr. WALKER. I withdraw the motion to
| adjourn.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We have been
here about four hours, and this is an exceedingly
| warm and sultry day, and particularly so in this
'Hall. I hope the gentleman from Pennsylvania
; will be permitted to withdraw the motion to re-
| commit, and that we shall adjourn, as this will
I come up as the first business to-morrow morn-
:! ins- [Cries of " No !" " No !"]
|! "Mr. TRIPP il. I must object to the withdrawal
H of the motion to recommit.
i; The question was then taken on Mr. Grow s
'.i motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on
!' Territories; and it was disagreed to.
