1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
amount to half the pay her husband, P. B. Mc-
Neill, was entitled to as captain in the United
States marine corps at the time of his death, for
five years, from April twenty-five, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, payable semi-annually.
Approved, August 18,1856.
No. 99.—An act for the relief of Ambrose Lan-
fear, of Louisiana.
JBe it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the surveys of claim number sev-
enty-four, known as the claim of the children of
Paul Toups, and of claim number five hundred
and twenty-nine, known as the claim of Daspit
St. Amand, executed by Maurice Hanke, United
States deputy surveyor, and approved of by Wil-
liam J. McCulloh, United States surveyor general
for the State of Louisiana, on the fifth day of
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, be, and the
said surveys are hereby confirmed in favor of
Ambrose Lanfear for the lands embraced within
the said surveys hereby confirmed: Provided,
That such confirmation shall only be construed
into a relinquishment of title on the part of the
United States, and shall not_ affect the rights of
any third person claiming title either under ad-
verse title or as preemptor: Jlad provided further.
That any person or persons, who are now settled
on the said lands, or any portion of the lands em-
braced in the said surveys, shall be entitled to
have and maintain an action to test the validity
of said surveys and the extent of the said claims
of the children of Paul Toups, and of Daspit St.
Amand, numbers seventy-four and five hundred
and twenty-nine, and to have the same determined
judicially in the same manner as though the land
on which they are settled had been surveyed as
public land, and they had been permitted to enter
the same by way of preemption', it being the true
intent and meaning of this act that no person who
would be now entitled lo a rightof preemption to
any part of the said land, if the same were the prop-
erty of the United States, shall be deprived of the
same, unless it is judicially decided that the said
surveys were made in conformity with the legal
right of the said Ambrose Lanfear, under the said
confirmation.
Approved, August 18, 1656.
ation under the act of Congress approved June
twenty-nine, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
shall be construed to confirm the title to the entire
tract of land containing three thousand arpents,
claimed by the said parties before the said regis-
ter and receiver, and more particularly described
in the deed from John McBride to Abraham Scri-
ber, dated the fifteenth June, eighteen hundred
and eighteen, a copy of which accompanies the
said report of the thirtieth July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, upon the
receipt of a plat and survey of the said tract of
land, executed by the proper officer, shall cause
a patent to be issued therefor: Provided, however,
That such patent shall only operate as a relin-
quishmentof title on tlie part of the United States,
and shall not affect the right of any third person,
whether entitled to a preemption under the laws
of the United States, or having other valid claim
to any part of said land.
Approved, August 18, 1836.
No. 100.—An Act for the relief of Hannibal Faulk
and Eliza S. Collier, (formerly widow Scriber,)
and tlie heirs and legal representatives of Ben-
jamin Scriber, deceased.
Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmencain Congress
assembled, That Hannibal Faulk and Eliza S. Col-
lier, (formerly widow Scriber,) and Abraham H.
Scriber, Mary Ann Scriber, and William J. C.
Scriber, heirs-at-law of Benjamin Scriber, de-
ceased, according to their respective interests, be,
and they are hereby, confirmed ill their title to a
certain tract of land, lying within the Baron de
Bastrop errant, in the State of Louisiana,being
a remainder of twenty-two hundred and fifty
arpents of a tract of three thousand arpents, re-
ported on by the register and receiver of the land
office at Monroe, Louisiana, under date of July
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty two, and
numbered in said report as number one, of the
first class; and being also that portion of said
tract of land which was rejected by the said regis-
ter and receiver, but recommended to the discre-
tion and liberality of the Government. The con-
firmation hereby made, together with the confirm-
PRIVATE RESOLUTION^.
No. 1 —A resolution for the relief of the South-
western and Muscogee Railroad Companies.
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby, authorized to correct the error in
the bid of R. R. Cuyler, for the president of the
Southwestern and Muscogee Railroad Compa-
nies, on mail route six thousand three hundred
and three; and that he be required to allow them
fifteen thousand three hundred dollars per an-
num for the double daily service, from the com-
mencement of their service to the expiration of
the contract, or so long as the New York and
New Orleans mail may continue to be transported
over said route.
Approved, May 9, 1856.
No. 2.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Interior to settle the Accounts of
Oliver M. Wozencraft.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is, authorized to audit and settle, upon
I just and equitable principles, the accounts of
Oliver M. Wozencraft, late commissioner and In-
dianagentfor California, for actual disbursements
' made by him; and that a sum not exceeding seven
thousand dollars be appropriated for the purpose
of carrying this resolution into effect, out of any
money in the Treasury not olhetwise appropri-
ated: Provided, That nothing '"herein contained
shall authorize the settlement of any contracts
entered into by said Wozencraft, or drafts drawn
by him, on which individuals now base claims
against the United States.
Approved, July 3, 1856.
vices rendered to the volunteers while serving, in
Mexico, upon the following principles, to wit:
to allow said Dr Hail the pay of assistant sur-
geon while engaged in professional services, with
the consent of his commaijdtrSg officer, deducting
therefrom the amount paid to said Hail as a pri-
vate in the first regiment of Tennessee volunteers,
during the period he performed the duties of'sur-
geon.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
Secretary of the Treasury pay to Dr. W. P. A.
Hail, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, such sum as may, upon
said adjustment, be found to be due him for med-
ical services aforesaid.
Approved, July 17, 1856.
No. 4.—A Resolution for the relief of John Y.
Laub, a Clerk in tlie Office of the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury.
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Represent-,
! at ires of the United States of America in Congress
i assembled, That the increase in the salary of John
! Y. Laub, a clerk in the office of the First Comp-
' trolier of the Treasury, authorized by the act of
i the thirtieth of September, eighteen hundred and
; fifty, shall commence on the first of July, eighteen
! hundred and forty-nine, the date of the com-
i mencement of the additional services performed
ji by said Laub: Provided, The amount hereby
authorized to be paid shall not exceed the sum of
three hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-
three cents.
Approved, July 30, 1856.
No. 5.—A Resolution for the relief of Susan De-
catur, Widow of Commodore Stephen Deca-
tur, late of the United States Navy.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior b®,
and he is hereby, directed to cause a pension
certificate to be issued to Susan Decatur, widow
of Commodore Stephen Decatur, late of the Uni-
ted States Navy, at the rate of fifty dollars per
month, for five years, to cease on the death Of
marriage of said Susan Decatur.
Appp.oved, August 18, 1856.
3.—Joint resolution for the relief of Dr.
William P. A. Hail, late of the Tennessee Vol-
unteers in the Mexican War.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be authorized and directed to adjust
the claim of Dr. W. P. A. Hall, for medical ser-
jy0, g.—A Resolution for the Settlement of the
Accounts of Charles M. Strader and Edward
P. Johnson, Mail Contractors.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congrtss
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to cause the
accounts of the late Charles M. Strader, deceased,
and Edward P. Johnson, mail contractors on
route number three thousand three hundred and
thirty, from Louisville, Kentucky, to New Or-
leans, Louisiana, to be audited and settled, and
that the said contractors be allowed the amount
, to which they may be entitled in equity and jus-
I tice ftr the discontinuance of that part of their
aforesaid contract under the order of the Post-
i master General dated sixth of February, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-one, as may appear by
, the records of the Post Office Department; and
that the Postmaster General pay the said amount
1 to James Thompson, surviving partner and ad-
! niinistrator, and Mary B. Strader, widow and
! administratrix, of the said Charles M. Strader,
! deceased, or to their legally authorized attprney*,
j out of any money not otherwise appropriated.
[ Approved, August 18, 1856.
