MM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
- The question recurred upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third; time.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, demanded the yeas
and says.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 'LETCHER (at three o'clock and fifty
minutes) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.-
The question recurred on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time; on which the
yeas and nays had been ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN. I appeal to the gentleman
who called for the yeas and nays to withdraw
that call, and let us take the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I understand it to be
the general desire of the House to take the yeas
and nays on the passage, instead of on the en-
grossment, of the bill. I have no objection, that
being the case, to withdraw the call.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the yeas and nays were
ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. Can that vote be reconsid-
ered ?
The -SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the motion to reconsidcr is in order. There
are many precedents in the practice of the House
sustaining that decision.
Mr. JONES. If one fifth of those present vote
against the reconsideration, then the yeaig and
nays are not reconsidered.
Mr. LETCHER. Well; I should like to see
the rule for that.
Mr. JONES. I would refer my friend to the
Constitution, and to the rule of the House which
says tliat every vote may be reconsidered; and
that was certainly a vote, by which the yeas and
nays were ordered. The only difference between
that and every other vote is, that other votes re-
quire a majority, and this requires only one fifth
of those present.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to see any rule
which leads to any such conclusion as a majority
may reconsidcr in one case, and one fifth of those
present in the other.
The SPEAKER. The Chair expresses the
opinion that the motion to reconsider the order
for the yeas and nays may be decided by a ma-
jority of votes, if there be a quorum; but that the
question, on ordering the yeas and nays, will im-
mediately recur, when, if one fifth decide in favor
of the yeas and nays, they will be ordered. There
are several precedents in the House sustaining
that decision; and the Chair thinks it stands well
011 principle, inasmuch as every right will be
secured to members, under the Constitution, by
the recurrence, immc<iiatrly, of the question,
i( Shall the yeas' and nays be ordered ?"
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I move to lay the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] on the table.
Mr. CARL1LE. We have been in session,
Mr. Speaker, four hours. [Calls to order.] I
use for the purpose, not of defeating the wishes
of the majority in this House at all. [Renewed calls
of " Order."] I rise for the purpose of moving an
adjournment; and on that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays. Let us be cool when admitting
a new State.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ULINGMAN called for tellers on the mo-
tion.
Tellers* were ordered; and Messrs. Clingma*?,
and Washburn, of Maine, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 48, noes not counted.
So the House refused to adjourn. •
The question recurred on Mr. A. K. Mar-
shall's motion to lay Mr. Jones's motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. MILLSON. Is the motion of the gentle-
man from Tennessee a motion to reconsider the
desire of one fifth of the members present?
The SPEAKER. It is to reconsider the order
of the House.
Mr. MILLSON. I would ask to have read
the paragraph of the Constitution relating to that
subject.
The paragraph was read, as follows:
"Each House ihall keep a Journal of its proceedings,
and fiom tnuu to time publish the &umc, excepting such
parts as may, in their judgment, require secrecy; and the
yeas and nays of the members or either House on any ques-
Uon shall, at the de&ire of one filth of those present, be en-
tered on the Journal."
Mr. LETCHER. I was aware of that, but
the point 1 want to get from the Chair is this:
the Chair comes to the conclusion that it requires
a majority to reconsider this vote, and the gentle-
man who moves the reconsideration says it re-
quires only one fifth. Now, I want to see the
rule which decides that 'it requires a majority, or
one fifth, to do it.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
I want to inquire whether an appeal is taken from
the decision of the Chair?
Mr. MILLSON. I had risen to a privileged
question.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to any debate unless
an appeal be taken from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. MILLSON. I have risen with a view of
testing this question, which I consider an impor-
tant constitutional question, relating to the future
practice of the House, for the purpose of appeal-
ing from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. JOlSTES. Then I ask the Clerk to read the
56th rule, which relates to the motion to recon-
sider.
The rule was read, as follows:
u When a motion has been once made and carried in the
nffiimative or negative, it shall be in order lor any member
of the majority to move for the reconsideration thereof."
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, as
the gentleman from Georgia objects.
Mr. MILLSON. He objected unless there
was an appeal.
Mr. SEWARD. This question has been de-
cided once this session.
Mr. MILLSON. I only desire to say a word
to the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. I got out of a sick bed this
morning to come up and vote on this bill, and I
appeal to members of the House to let us come
to a vote. I have already stayed here longer than
1 should have done. I desire to vote, and must
object to any debate.
The SPEAKER again stated the question.
Mr. MILLSON. As this is a question of some
importance, it seems to me not proper that it
should be decided without debate; and as no de-
bate is in order, and as I do not wish the decision
of the House under the circumstances to be drawn
into precedent, I withdraw my appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
lay on the table the motion to reconsider the vote
ordering the yeas and nays upon the engross-
ment of the bill, and being taken, it was decided
m the negative.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid upon
the table.
The question was then put; and the motion to
reconsicfcr was agreed to—ayes 338,noes 15.
The question recurred on ordering the yeas and
nays; and being put, it was decided in the nega-
tive, one fifth of the members present not voting
therefor.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time,and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be hud on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. Has that bill been en-
grossed 5
The SPEAKER. It has been read the third
time by order of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. But I want to know whether
it has really been engrossed ?
A Member. It has not.
Mr. ORR. I submit that the objection of the
gentleman from Virginia comes ton late. The
bill has been read a third time. The objection
should have been token before the third reading
to have availed anything.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina states correctly. The objection comes
too late.
Mr. GROW moved the previous question upon
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. CARLILE demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. A. It. MARSHALL. I move that the
House now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question, " Shall the bill pass ?" was then
taken; and decided in the negative—yeas 106,
nays 107; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bmgham, Bishop, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Brenton,Buffinton, Burhngame, J. H. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Bayard Clarke,-Ezra Clark, dawson,
Colfax, Comins, Covode, Oragin, Cumhack, JDainrell, Tim-
othy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Durfee, Edie, Edwards, Emrie, Flagler, Galloway, Gid-
riings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Ilailan,
Hickman, Ilolloway, Thomas R. Hortpn, Valentine B. Eior-
ton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight,
Ivnowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leitcr, Matteson, McOarty,
Meacham, Killian Miller, Milhvard, Moore, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Murray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearce, Pel-
ton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Purviance, Bobbins,
Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sheiman, Sim-
mons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranalian, Tappan, Thorington,
Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge,
Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Wood-
ruff, and Woodwoith—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell,
Ilendlcy S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Bianch,
Riooks, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Camphell,
Carhle, Caruthers, Caskie, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Den-
ver, Dowdell, jDunn, Edinundson, Elliott, English, Ether-
ldge, Eustis. Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Thomas
J. 1). Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison
Hariis, Sampson W. Hams, Hamson, Haven, Herbert,
Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher,
Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, Mc-
Queen, Smity Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Packcr, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Puryear,
Quitman, Ready, Iticaud, Rivers, Rufnu, Rust, Sarididge,
Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, William 11. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart,
S wope, Taibott, Taylor, Trippe, Underwood,Valk, Walker,
Warner, Watkms, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Daniel B.
Wngtit, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—107.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. PHELPS moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. GOODE. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was rejected, and move to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
Several Members. You cannot do that pend-
ing the motion to adjourn.
The House then (at half past four o'clock)
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 1,185G.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean".
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RIGLER presented a memorial of Chris-
tian Hansen, showing the importance of estab-
lishing a regular line of mail steamers from New
York to the north of Europe; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. YULEE presented a memorial of the
Mayor and Aldermen of the City Council of St.
Augustine, Florida, praying for a donation to
that city of certain Government lots and build-
ings within its limits, for the purpose of erecting
a seminary of learning; which,was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
William P. Carrington, praying to be allowed
the pay of a passed assistant surgeon in the
Navy during the time he acted in that capacity,
previous to his promotion; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a communication from
Thomas J. Page, a commander in the Navy,
addressed to the Committee on Naval Affairs, m
relation to the propriety of allowing additional
pay to the officers of the Navy recently engaged
in on exploration and survey of the La Platte
river and its tributaries; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of residents
and property-holders in the vicinity of Virginia
avenue, in the city of Washington, praying for
an appropriation for grading and improving that
avenue; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
