1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1517
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Frederick Chatard, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill (S. No. 357) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Frederick Chatard, United States Navy;
which was read a first time, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 24)
for the benefit of Susan Decatur, widow of Com-
modore Stephen Decatur, late of the United States
Navy, reported it with an amendment in the form
of a substitute.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of J. R. Powell, reported a bill (S. No.
358) for his relief; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
On motion of Mr. WELLE?*., it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dn-
obn)?:ed from the iuithfi eon-uk'ratum oi the memorial of
| mation of martial law in the Territory of Washington by
- Governor Stevens, and ateo relating to the arrest of a judge
i of the said Temtory while holding a district couit of the
i United rirates, and hie retention by a military guard. and
I relating to any other proceedings under the said proclama-
' tion.
I Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It seems to me
I this is an inquiry that ought to be made by the
! House of Representatives. I do not know what
! view the Senator from Michigan may have in
I relation to such an inquiry; but if that authority
i has been assumed in Washington Territory by
t the Governor of that Territory, no matter what
| pretext he may have, it is an assumption of
1 power which ought to be inquiied into in a con-
; stitutional form. Sir, an example should be made
| of a Governor of one of our Territories, whether
| near or at a remote distance, who assumes such
' authority as that. Any inquiry we may make
i must be in rcfercnce to proceedings in relation
' to it. This is not the jurisdiction for that. Wc
Harriet O. Read, executrix of Lieutenant Colonel Fanning. may be the judges. It is a case in which we
MARTIN LAW IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY. jj ought to sit in judgment, _if there be any f«unda-
, _ , r _ A , . , it Hon for the statement which has oeen mede. As
Mr. CASS. A very grave occurrence has taken J; {he Suuator has saidt j would not be willing to
place on the extreme border of the Kcpublic, on i; prc;ut}ge t]le cas0 now on any statement that may
the shores of the Pacific, wnich, in my opinion, j <bfi b.,t permlt me to say t]lat I <l0 not see
demands the interference of Congress, or at any jj w]la(. we havc tQ flo wlth tIl0 rep0rt wjlcn it shall
rate a strict scrutiny into the circumstances. I
learn from papers which 1 have received from
there, and they aie confirmed by reports in the
public journals, that Governor Stevens, of the
Territory of Washington, has undertaken to pro-
claim what he calls martial law there; and lie has
arrested the chief justice of the Territory while
holding a district court of the United States, sitting
on the bench. He has closed the court, and has
sent the chicf justice some distance oil, under a
military guard, and there he retained him at the
last accounts.
I do not know whether the statement I have
I come m, in response to this resolution, if the
President does not choose to exercise liis author-
ity of removal.
j But, sir, there is another remedy, and this is a
' case which ought to be proceeded with in accord-
' ance with the "forms of the Constitution. It is a
i very high assumption of authority fora Governor
i on that distant border to proclaim martial law.
| We cannot even reach that country in less than
i two months by a messenger, and, therefore, the
evil cannot be at once arrested; but it is time the
Government should take steps to deter sucli
assumptions or abuse of authonty in that or any
received be the fact or not, but ^t is stated that j; ot|,er Territory in the future. I'make tins sug-
five persons who had been previously arrested, jj „ctsllon to til0 honorable Senator from Mi-hignn
and who were released, or attempted to be re
leased, or rather whose cases were intended to be
examined by the district judge, which occasioned
his arrest, were to be tried on the charge of trea-
son within a few days.
I have no desire to prejudge this matter at all.
I am willing to wait for all the facts: hut it should
be recollected that ail officer, whether civil or
military, stationed 111 the remote sections of this
Republic, has no power to proclaim martial law.
It is unknown to our Constitution and our insti-
tutions. There was a case—an extreme case,
which was justified by his cotemporarics. and will
be |ustifi-d by posterity, undei circumstances on
which the public has ah eady pronounced judg-
ment—the case of General Jackson, who, under
extraordinary circumstances, m the presence of a
powerful British army, who were on the ponit of
seizins: the city of Is'ew Orleans, suspended the
i lie may have thought the same thing himself,
I but it seems to me that the inquiry ought to be.
made by another bod v.
I The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Tennessee object to the consideration
. of the resolution ?
I Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. No, sir.
I Mr. CASS. The answer to the Senator from
! Tennessee is very ready, and I think it will be
| palpable to the honorable Senator. I wonder a
I little that it escaped him, for he is certainly ob-
' serving 011 these points. 1 take it, if there is a
gross "infraction of law anywhere, either House
1 has the right to mqniie into it; the House of Rep-
resentatives for a double purpose, if they choose;
and the Senate for a single one. The Senate for
the purpose of providing any legislation that the
circumstances may require to prevent such griev-
ance, and to ascertain whether our legislation is
ordnuu y execution ol the law; but 111 doing that j sufft-ient; the other House for a double purpose-
lie tlnew himself on his country; and ifliiseoun- ij t0 (!o tho gam0 thing, and likewise to impeach
try had not borne lnm out he would have been a |; t!ie 0ff0n(jer lt- th«y think proper. Now, sir, no
ruiucd man. They did bear him ouL But I do grlevancei no palnable violation of law can take
nple  - .
law 011 every Indian incursion. It is not to be
tolerated. There is no such provision in the Con-
stitution. Congress cannot proclaim martial law.
It can suspend, temporarily, in case of invasion
or rebellion, the right of habeas cm-pus; but 111 the
mean time the other institutions of the country
go 011 untouched. That is all that even Congress
can do. Certainly, 111 the presence of an enemy
ascu\ ..
own laws, with a view to introduce all such legis-
lative amendments on tiie subject as the circum-
stanccs may prove to require. It is for that reason
that I mtioduce the resolution. It may be neces-
sary to legislate on the subject. I do not know
that it is. In the mean time, if the House choose
to g" on, and if they think the circumstances
justify ihem in going on with it, they may do so.
the precedents and antecedents of various parties
of this country, this will be apparent. I rise
merely to express the hope—as I believe this res-
olution will pass at once—that nothing will pre-
vent the Senator from Michigan from prosecuting
this matter to a full understanding and final de-
termination, for it is going too far.
I think I have heard intimations indorsing all
that has been done by the Governor of Washing-
ton Territory. 1 do not know that I heard them
distinctly; but if there is anyone here who in;
dorses everything he has done, as his acts are
now understood here, of course it ought to be
known.
The declaration of martial law is always a seri-
ous matter. The subject has been brought to the
attention of the Senate; and if such a policy has
. been pursued by the Governor, the circumstances
under which it has been done ought certainly-to
| be distinctly understood. The military is a very
! high power in this Government; it has been a
j high power in the history of every republican
I government that has ever existed. It has been
! the power from which every republican govern-
! mem that ever existed has perished, as we learn
| from the history of the past. At no day, from
: the commencement of this Government to the
! present time, since the aimy of the Revolution
| were disposed to confer a crown on "Washington,
j has it ever shown so strong a disposition to
[assume to itself the control of the Government
I as it seems to me it has exhibited within the last
j few years. Though the Army has not declared
! martial law in thisease, the authority which did
: declare it is connected with the authority of the
! commander-in-chief in that Territory. 1 hope it
i will be called to account; and that the terms and
: conditions, and considerations on which it has
; been done will be distinctly understood by the
Senate, so that, if it be proper to be done here-
after, it may be sanctioned at once; or, if not, be
i censured m such a way us the Senate may think
j proper.
ij The resolution was adopted.
MASSACRE OF LIEUTENANT GRATTAN.
Mr. CASS. I have another resolution which
I wish to submit to the Senate, and to which I
j; suppose there will be no objection. It is offered
at the request of Lieutenant Colonel Hoffman,
I who considers himself somewhat injured by a
I report submitted by the Adjutant General. In
( order that his conduct may not be misunderstood,
! he desires his correspondence with that officer to
1 be published. Of course 1 would not take such
' a measure without advising with the proper
1 authorities. I am authorized to say that the War
, Department has no objection to this proposition.
: Resolved, That the Secretiny of War bfi mstiucted to
, tiau-uut to the Senate a copy of lhe cojre^poudeuce be-
i uvoen the AdmtantGerici.il aiid Dievet Lieutenant Colonel
Hoffman, re-pietimj the ma.-^aere of Lieutenant Giattan
1 aiid his command b> the {mlian*.
; The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am prepared now to
submit the minority report from the Committee
on Territories, ill relation to the Territory of
Kansas, which I was yesterday allowed until this
morning to present. I, of course, have had but
a vei y short time 111 which to piepan' it.
The honorable Senator then proceeded to read
it from the Secretary's desk.
Mr. WADE. I move that the minority report
be printed, and that the same number of extra
copies of it be printed as of the majority report,
_  1. - .1. * \, 1 4-^Vl lUAlU'Ortft TXT I XV<1 CVtMl .
extraordinary transactions may take place, asm ^Ijr </wa impression is—I have 110 authority for    . ... ..—•;* —, "
the case of General Macomb, who burned tue • spca]aH<, u—that the action of the Executive will ;■ of which, l b<-he\e, ten tnousam!I \vt:re <, lib^
hous'fi.i Plattsbuig, under which the enemy ^ tf„. ;ieU,n, of lhe House unnecessary. • Mr. TOOMBS. That motion should go to the
, T-l "...1.x ~ , .1 i ./VI..-. .. ,rli 1 - v., .1 ' / '/M-Mnl if tilD fx! I V-^r HI 11 11 O" .
shelteied himself. He was risht, and Congress
took up his case, and paid for the houses, but
these are extreme casus; and a man is justdifd
only by the circumstances, and not because he
has" the power to do any such tiling. Governor
Stevens, however, assumes to have the power.
I repeat that I have no wish to prejudge this
case; what I want is, that the facts connected
with it shall come before the Senate. 1 submit
the following resolution; and as it is merely one
of inquiry 1 piesume there will be no objection
to its immediate consideration;
Resolved, That the President of the United State- be
quested to transmit to the Semite copies or the letter, and
of any other papein whieii may have been reem< a at
either ol tlie Executive Departments, relating to the proeld-
Mr. BKLL, oi Tennessee, i meant merely to
throw out, for the consideration of Lhe honorable
Senator and the Senate, the views which I have
expressed of such an abuse of the powers of the
Governor of one of our Territories. It is a ques-
tion to which the attention of the public may
properly be called. J shall not object to the con-
sideration of the resolution. The information
3: but certainly this body coir
Committee on Punting.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question is on printing the minority report jusl
made.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio now moves that ten thousand extia
copies of the minority report be printed.
'Mr. WADE. I believe that is the number of
rdered to be
I take it for granted the
can be laid before us:   j — - . , 1 i ,.
not take the proper and effectual steps to prevent ], the majority report which was, 01
for the future su.-h assumptions of authority. n printed. ^
Mr. JOHNSON. Many things that partake Mr. DOLGLAb. _
somewhat of this character have been coming up I, Committee oinPrinting w ,11
for some time-not exactly like this, but having now, m compliance with the iulcs, or he p
a tendency in this direction. If we look back to ti lieatton of the same number of the nnno y
