mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
attorneys are for them and their successors in office,
—that those which are for the legations and con-
sulships are for use of the legations and consulships;
and Uiat those which go to the libraries of the
two Onuses of Congress are for the use of the
commmits of the respective Houses, so that the
usual "bjections to propositions to purchase and
distribute books do not apply to this resolution in
the shape in which it was reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I shall vote against the,
amendment, and in favor of the resolution as re-
ported by the committee, among other reasons,
because I think it introduces an important reform
in the practice in respect of books, which has too
much obtained in this House.
Mr. HARRIS. The explanations which have
bpen given have, to a very considerable extent,
obviated my objections to the resolution before
the House, but I am still opposed to the res-
olution. We have in our general appropria-
tion bills every year sums appropriated, which
are amply sufficient for the purchase of all the
books that are needed by the several departments
and bureaus of the Government. Under these
appropriations they can purchase such digests of
the laws of the United States, and of the decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States, as
they may deem most suitable for their use; and
this seems to me to be simply a proposition to
furnish these departments and bureaus with these
books, whether they want them or not, instead
of allowing them to purchase for themselves such
books as they may deem most suitable.
For these reasons I am opposed to the resolu-
tion and to the amendment; and, as I do not wish
to consume the time of the House with them, I
move to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I am sorry to be compelled to
differ irt opinion from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary in respect to the value of this digest, and
as to the propriety of purchasing it for the use
of the various public offices for which the reso-
lution provides. My impression is, that it would
not very materially aid the public business to
throw it before subordinate officers, who knew
nothing about law, and had very little to do with
it, their duties being solely of a ministerial char-
acter. But this digest itself, it strikes me, is
rather fitted for a crazy man than for any one
else; and a proposition to furnish the insane
asylum at Staunton with copies of it, would be
more sensible than to spread them all through
the public offices.
If anybody can by the most diligent search,
unless they knew the principle beforehand, and
wished merely to ascertain the case in their mind,
or to refer to any one page of the book, find any
one principle of law, he will do more than I have
been able to do, after repeated searches through
it from the beginning to the end. I think it can
enlighten nobody. It is not even in the nature
of ail index. It goes on the principle of putting
downin the book, like a Concordance, every word
to be found in the Reports of the Supreme Court
of the United States, with 110 explanation of any
kind, deducing no principle from any case. It
is in broken sentences, and everybody has to
spell or guess his way through it. It is a sheer
chance whether they find out the contents of a
case. It does not present even the names of the
cases to which it refers; and in fine gives about
as little information as I have ever known to be
packed into three volumes of print. As for read-
ing it—sometimes persons have been found to
read a Dictionary through, but the definitions
would instruct them—this, I do not think, will
ever give anybody that kind of information. As
to instructing any person except a bred lawyer,
who wishes an index to point him to a place
where he can find information which he has al-
ready, and wishes merely to find proof of, I think
every experienced lawyer in this House will say
that it is of no advantage for any other purpose
whatever. To give it to the various offices is to
put them on a hunt for law of which they know
nothing, by means of an index which teaches
them nothing. It is only to confuse them with
something which they probably could not under-
stand if it were spread before them, and to make
" confusion worse confounded'' by making good
officers bad lawyers. I go against it.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN OREGON—AGAIN.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The hour to
which the further consideration of the bill re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole was
postponed, has arrived; and I move that its con-
sideration be proceeded with.
The SPEAKER. That will be done, and the
question is first on the substitute.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
The substitute was read.
Mr. PERRY. I call for the yeas and nays on
the substitute.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. KNIGHT. I wish the question to be
divided, so that a separate vote may be had on
each section of the substitute.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done, inas-
much as the Committee of the Whole have re-
ported the substitute as a whole; and the question
must be taken on its rejection or adoption as a
whole.
Mr. KNIGHT. I wanta separate vote on each
section. If I can have no other mode of testing
the sense of the House on the second section, I
move that it be stricken out.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done, as
the main question has been ordered to be now
put.
Mr. KNIGHT. I ask then that, by unani-
mous consent, the question may be divided, as I
have suggested ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
The question was taken, and the substitute was
agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the yeas and nays
on ordering the bill to be engrossed, and read a
third time.
JVIr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Withdraw the
call now, and take the yeas and nays on the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. STANTON. This is as good a place as
any to test the sense of the House on the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third tune.
Mr. PERRY. I call for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GROW. Before the question is taken, I
wish to state that I have paired off with Mr. Ed-
mundsow, commencing Friday last.
Mr. BROOKS. My colleague, Mr. Orr, has
paired off with Mr. Wakeman.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Greenwood has paired
off with Mr. Dean, until the 8th of April.
• Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Davis, of Massachusetts, has paired off with Mr.
Branch.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Galloway has paired
off with Mr. Bowie until the 15th of April.
Mr. HALL, of Iowa. Mr. Tiiorington has
paired off with Mr. Taylor. Mr. Tiiorington
has been called home by the sickness of a near
relative, which made his presence there an act of
imperative duty.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 3j; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ball, Barbour, Boll, Hendloy S.
Bennett, Boeock, Boyee, Biooks, Burnett, Cadwalader,
James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, C.irlile, Caskie,
Ezra Clark, Clawson, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Colfax,
Cox, Craiffe, Crawford, Cumback, Henry Winter Davis,
Denver, Dick, Dowdell, Edie, English, Etheridge, Eustjf,
Evans, Fioience, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Auspi tu 
Hall, ltobort B. Hall, Thomas L. Hains, Haven, Herbeit,
Thomas 11. Horton, Valenline B. Ilorton, Houston, Hngh-
ston, Jewett, George W. jones, J. Glaney Jones, Kelsey,
Kennett, Knox, Kunkcl, Lake, Letcher, Lmdioy, Lnmp-
km, Maee, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marxian, Max
well, McCartv, McMullm, McQueen, Killian Miller, Smith
Miller, Million, Mooie, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Paine,
Parker, Peek, Pettit, Phelps, Porter,Powell, Pimple, Pur-
vear, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Riehai dson, Ritchie, Kuffin,
Sapp, Savase, Scott, Seward, Shorter, Simmons, Samuel
A. Smith, William R. Smith, Pneed, Stewart, Suannhan,
Talbott, 'J'appan,Trippe, Unrleiwood, Vail. Valk, Walker,
Warner, Ellihu B. Washbnrne, Welch, Whitney, Wms-
low, Woodruff, Woodvvorth, John V. Wiight, and Zolli-
eolier—110.
N4YS—Messrs. Allison, Benson, Biliin;lmrst, Bi-hop,
Bradshaw, Buflinton, Chaffee, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Damrell, Day, Dickson, Emne, Flayer, GuldniRS, Granger,
Harlan, King, Knight, Knowlton, Mcaoliam, Moi <jan, Mott,
Nichols, Tearce, Pennington, Perry, Reade, ltobbms, Satan,
Spinner, Stanton, Wade, Waldron, Cadwalader 0. Wabh-
burne, and Watson—35.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BENSON said: I am in favor of the
POO,000, but opposed to the $120,060 appropri-
ated by the bill; but as a division could not be
obtained, I am compelled to vote against the
whole.
Mr. CHAFFEE stated that Mr. Comins was
confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. KNAPP stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Kelly.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that th 
title of the bill be amended so that it should read,
" An act making appropriations to restore and
preserve the friendly disposition of the Indian
tribes on the Pacific, and for other purposes."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL then moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I intend to move that the
rules be suspended and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. But before making that motion, I
move that all debate on the President's annual
message cease in one hour after the House shall
again resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I wish to state,
that early next week I shall ask to take up the
special message of the President upon Kansas
affairs; and gentlemen who are anxious to discuss
that and kindred subjects will have abundanttime
to do it then. I am very desirous to devote as
much time this week as possible to the consider-
ation of those House appropriation bills which
have been sent to the Senate, and have come back
here with amendments.
Mr. ALLISON. I suggest to my friend that
he should extend the time to two hours.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As there seems to be some
anxiety to have more time, I will modify my
motion, and extend the time to two hours.
Mr. QUITMAN. I hope the motion will not
prevail. The President's message has not been
discussed, and there are many gentlemen who
want to speak upon it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The special message will
be called up soon; and I will also state to gentle-
men, that when the appropriation bills are taken
up in committee, gentlemen who have speeches
to make can make them then under the hour
rule.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Camp-
bell's motion, and it was disagreed to.
OLIVER M. "WO ZE NCR AFT.
Mr. LANE. I ask leave to introduce the
following joint resolution, for the purpose of
reference merely:
Joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Interior to audit and settle the accounts of
Oliver M. Wozencraft, commissioner and Indian
agent in California.
Mr. HARLAN. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a resolution.
Objection was made.
Mi'. PHELPS. ] understand that objectionis
, to be made to all these applications; ana I there-
| fore move that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
THE PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Mace in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the President's annual mes-
sage.
The committee was addressed upon the slavery
question by Messrs. Warner and Allison, who
each occupied the floor for one hour. Their
speeches are withheld for revision, and will be
published in the Appendix.
[ Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, then obtained the
! floor, but yielded it to
; Mr. PHELPS, who moved that the committee
I rise.
j The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose and the Speaker having
