789
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
tinue, even with increased intensity, so long as
there remains any prospect of .the success of the
pro-slavery party, in order to unite and consol-
idate public sentiment in opposition to the admis-
sion of Kansas as a slave Slate. Can the coun-
try—can the Union, stand five years of unmiti-
gated agitation upon this distracting subject? It
seems inevitable that agitation must continue
through the present canvass for the Presidency.
There is no remedy for that evil. Had I the
power, by my voice, I would paralyze—I would
crush this many-headed monster—this Kansas
hydra—at once; but, as that is impossible, I pro-
test against the extension of this controversy
into'the next ensuing contest for the purple. I
protest against that, as equally unnecessary and
perilous.
The measure proposed' by the Senator from
Georgia, and which has been adopted by the
Committee on Territories, meets tne objection
which 1 have stated to the plan of the Seryitor
from Delaware; but it meets it, if I may be al-
lowed to use the expression, too. plump. The
time within which the object is to be accom-
plished—the formation of a State constitution-
is too short; and besides, embraces a period in
which we may anticipate that the whole country
will be convulsed by the most exciting canvass'
ever witnessed in its history.
It is of the very highest importance that the
strife in Kansas, as well as the dissension* which
prevail in every quarter, shall be terminated at
the earliest day possible; but to succeed in effect-
ing that great object, it is essential that whatever
plan shall be adopted for that purpose shall be
free from any appearance of advantage or unfair-
ness on either side. It must be borne in mind, that
upon one contingency—the formation of a slave
constitution—the final and most eventful struggle
will be upon the question of admission. In the
existing state of things in Kansas details become
matters of substance in a measure of this nature.
The days or times fixed by this bill are ill chosen
to give content, and may be taken advantage of, >
and made the ground of the most mischievous
representations. I know, sir, that no plan for
-the settlement of this controversy that can be de-
vised by the wit of man, can give satisfaction to
those who desire, or whose political interests re-
quire that agitation shall continue; or, to those (if
any there be) who honestly believe that the fate
of the country depends upon the question, whether
Kansas shall come into the Union as a slave State,
or a free State; for all such will oppose any meas-
aure which does not, in their judgment, secure
the results they desire.
Some of the details of the measure proposed
by the Senator from Delaware are liable to the ;
exception I have taken to the bill before the j
Senate. What I think wisdom dictates, under |
the present condition of things,- is that some \
measure shall be enacted which shall be free from
any just or reasonable objection. Remove all
just causes of complaint in Kansa%by repealing
all unconstitutional and tyrannical Taws, by -pro-
viding adequate securities for the free exercise
of the elective franchise—authorizing the election
of a new Legislature, and giving it authority to
call a convention to form a State constitution,
and apply for admission into the Union as soon
as it may decide it to be expedient, without
reference to the amount of population in the Ter-
ritory. If I supposed it probable that it would
meet the approval of Congress, I would propose i
that when a constitution, thus formed, containing '
the usual stipulations in relation to her public |
lands, shall be presented to the President, he !
shall be authorized to admit Kansas into the
Union as a State by proclamation, according to :
the precedent established in the case of Michigan.
But, sir, I have no hope thatany such proposition
would be sanctioned by the present Congress. i
Mr. President, I have no great confidence that, '
under present circumstances, any measure calcu-
lated to give lasting repose to the country will be
passed by the present Congress.
The organization and arrangement of the po-
litical parties of the country are too intimately
connected, or rather entangled, with the existing
slavery controversy to leave any well-grounded
hope of this cheering nature. The Senator from i
Missouri [lit, GjjterJ was right when he said, |
in his recent able speech, that all the controver-
sies upon the subject of slavery which at any
time have assumed a threatening aspect, have
b en the result of the contentions of party for
political ascendency and power.
I believe this is true of the present, and of every
other controversy upon the same subject, from
1820 to this day, as I propose to demonstrate by
a brief historical review of them; but they are not
the less dangerous, because they are the result of
political and party objects. Doubtless there are
many individuals of character and talents who
have taken a conspicuous part in these contro-
versies, and on both sides of them, who have had
higher aims than the acquisition of political power
or station; but still, in the main, these contro-
versies have their animating principle in party
objects.
The evils and the moral wrong of slavery are
assumed on one side of these controversies as
the true ground and principle upon which its ex-1
tension is opposed; and there are doubtless thou-
sands who are perfectly honest and conscientious
in this assumption. The honest, religious, and
moral sentiment of the North in its bearing upon
the slavery question I respect, but I cannot admit
the apology for abolitionism offered by the Sena-
tor from New York, [Mr. Seward,] when he said
thatit "was the result of the irrepressible uprising
of the spirit of freedom." 1 cannot concede to
the North a monopoly of the spirit of freedom in
this country, nor can I do so much wrong to the
memory of thp northern fathers of the Republic as
to sanction the imputation, that the spirit of liberty
which glowed in their hearts was less fervid and
less honest, either in the revolutionary period of
1776, or in the organic period of 1789, than that
which burns in the bosoms of their descendants
at the present day.
There is another class of objectors to slavery,
for whom, however honest they may be, I cannot
entertain a full measure of respect.
The condition of bondage in which the Afri-
can race is held in some of the States of the
Union, has been regarded by liberal and enlight-
ened statesmen in every part of the world as a
defect or blemish in the fair fabric of liberty
erected in America. But, while they regret the
defacement, they acknowledge and appreciate
the force of the circumstances which controlled
the skill and genius of the immortal architects;
but, sir, it unfortunately happens that some por-
tion of our own countrymen, the political virtu-
osoes and philanthropists, belonging to an age
softened and refined by a higher cultivation, and
having a nicer perception of moral beauty than
their rugged ancestors, are so offended at what
they regard as a gross deformity, rather than an
accidental and enforced blemish in this glorious
structure, are prepared, with paricidal hands, to
raze it to its foundation, unless they can reform it
according to their improved taste.
It is fortunate for tne happiness of mankind,
Mr. President, that the illustrious founders of
our republican system did live in a different age
—the age of Franklin, of Washington, and other
compatriots of the same period—call it a barbar-
ous age, if you please, it is fortunate for man-
kind that they belonged also to a far different
class of men. They were philosophers and
statesmen, as well as philanthropists; and what-
ever difference of- opinion or sentiment was held
among tliem on the subject of slavery—some re-
garding it as a great political, moral, and social :
evil, and others, doubtless, regarding it as but a
process, under Providence, in the great work of
the world's civilization, yet when they came to
arrange the plan of a Constitution for the United j
States, they all agreed to regard slavery as an
existing and stubborn fact in the social condition
of some of the States; and that any attempts to
change or control it would be fatal to any effi-
cient plan of union which could be devised.
They, therefore, wisely determined to leave the
institution of slavery to be regulated, abolished,
or upheld, in the exclusive discretion of the States
in which it existed. Foreseeing that slavery
would eventually recede from the North, and be
confined to the planting States of the South, they
provided, not only for its protection, but also for
the protection of the general interests of the States
in which it might exist, against any partial or hos-
tile legislation by the free States. For that pur-
pose they gave to the slave States a representation
in the popular branch of the national Legisla-
ture larger in proportion to their free inhabitants
than they gave to the freemen of the North, by
adding three fifths of the slaves to the whole
number of free persons. In order to reconcile
i] the people of the North to this concession, they
provided what was supposed at the time to be
something like an equivalent—the apportionment
of direct tates among the States was to be in the
ratio of Federal representation. That they might
remove every cause of dissension between the
free and the slave States, which they supposed
could possibly arise to jeopard the harmony and
permanence of the Union, they proposed to con-
solidate, they further provided that slaves escap-
ing into the free States should be restored to their
masters.
But, sir, how feeble and unavailing is the great-
est human sagacity, in the founding of political
systems, to provide adequate securities against
the disturbing force and influence of faction, of
personal ambition', and the love of power.
The framers of the Constitution foresaw, that
;' in process of time a strong anti-slavery sentiment
i would, by the force of habit and early education,
spring up in the North, which might become a
dangerous source of discord between the free anil
slave States, and they guarded against that evil
by the provisions already mentioned; but they
i did not foresee or calculate the full effect of the
quickening energies of the great governmental
machine they were about to put in motion, in
subduing and driving out the numerous and pow-
erful Indian tribes then inhabiting the region be-
yond the Alleghany range of mountains—in accel-
erating the march of settlement and civilization
westward until it reached the banks of the Mis-
sissippi, then the extreme boundary of the United
States; nordid they foresee how soon this bound-
ary, embracing a territory that seemed to them
:| ample enough to satisfy the wants and ambition
| of a great republic, would be overleaped, and the
very system of government they were then en-
i gaged in founding would be extended into the
vast and then unexplored regions beyond the
Mississippi; nor, least of all, did they fojesee that
the existence of slavery in one section of the
Union, and its non-existence in another, would
} lead to the practical introduction of a balance of
' power policy in this country, similar to that which
I has been the source, or the pretext, for so many
i desolating wars among the states of Europe.
For these reasons, if gentlemen will carefully
study the debates of the Federal convention which
framed, and of the several State conventions
which adopted, the Constitution, together with
cotemporary history, they will find that it was
framed for, and in reference to, the States and the
territory then belonging to the United States, in
the condition in which they then were; and that
neither its provisions nor the foresight of the
authors of it extended any further.
At the time the Constitution was formed, the
region of country north and west of the Ohio
river was the only territory in which the Unitett
States held the right of property in the soil, and
over which the Government had a right to exer-
cise any municipal or legislative control; land
the condition of that Territory, in respect to
slavery, was definitively fixed by the ordinance of
| 1787. The five new Spates to be created out. of
(it were to be free States. By the same ordinance
a territorial form of government was provided,
so perfect and satisfactory as to leave nothing
further to be provided in the Constitution upon
that subject, and accordingly no new provision
was made.
Now, what was the condition of the territory
south and west of the Ohio, when the Constitu-
tion was formed ? Every acre of this territory
then belonging to the United States was, or was
supposed to be, within the jurisdiction and sov-
ereignty of the large slaveholding States of the
South. It was not discovered that there was a
small strip of territory on the southern boundary
of the United States, fixed by the treaty of
1783, not included in the Georgia charter, until
1798. It is well known that the middle and
northern States, at the time the Constitution was
framed, considered that as an act of justice, if
