1518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOEE.
of the majority report, and let the order be made
at once.
Mr. BIGLER. No order was made for the
printing: of the majority report.
• Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
Mr. MASON. I object; the motion had better
go to the Committee on Printing. I do not know
that I shall object ultimately; but, unless I am
incorrectly informed, there is no such thing
known to parliamentary law as a minority report.
The report is the action of the majority of the
committee; and wherever there are cases in the
judgment of a minority to present the views of
that minority, it is permitted, as I understand,
■hy the courtesy of the deliberative body, to re-
ceive them and have them printed, or make any
other disposition of them; but it does not follow,
as a matter of course, that the views of a minor-,
■ity shall be diffused as the views of a majority
would be—that majority being supposed to con-
cur in views with the majority of the Senate. I
assign that only as a reason why I object to the
consideration of the motion, and desire it to go
• to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will go to the Committee on Printing as a matter
of course.
Mr. JOHNSON. Parliamentary law, it seems
to me, as far as custom has developed it, extends
the same courtesy to the minority as to the ma-
jority. This seems to be but fair; and it always
has been the usage here, as far as I have per-
ceived. I am now authorized by the Committee
on Printing, who are always desirous to discharge
their duties as promptly as may be possible, to
report at once_ in favor of printing the same num-
ber of the minority report as they reported in
favor of printing the majority report.
Mr. FITZPATRICK.. I ask that the proposi-
tion to print extra numbers of the majority report
be taken up, so that we may pass both at once.
Mr._ JOHNSON. I ask that the report of the
committee made yesterday, and the one made
to-day, in favor of printing ten thousand extra
copies of both, reports, may be taken up and
disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is,'on agreeing to the report of the Com-
mittee on Printing to print ten thousand extra
copies of the majority and minority reports of
the Committee on Territories.
The report was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. The Indian appropriation bill
was made the special order for half past twelve
o'clock to-day, in order to accommodate the Sen-
■ ator from California, who had some amendments
to oiler. 1 believe lie is not ready with them.
Mr. WELLER. The Senate was compelled
to adjourn yesterday for want of a quorum, and
the bill under consideration then will be the first
business in order, I suppose.
Mr. HUNTER. Special orders take prece-
dence under the rules.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before the hour
of one o'clock the unfinished business of the pre-
ceding day is the first order of the day. The un-
finished business of yesterday is the bill referred
to by the gentleman from California.
Mr. HUNTER. My purpose was to post-
pone the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection to that.
The motion to take up the Indian appropriation
bill was agreed to; and on motion of Mr. Hunter
it was postponed to, and made the special order
for, Thursday, at one o'clock.
RESCUE OP THE STEAMER SOUTHERNER.
.The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thounfinished
business yesterday is the bill (S. No. 308) for
the rchof of John Ii. Scrantou and James M.
Hunt, i he question is on ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading; and on that
question the yeas ar.d nays have been ordered.
i he question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 10; as follows:
YJ
Bell
Fo oi
low
of Kentucky, Toucey, Welier, and Yulee—23.
NArS—Messrs. Bright, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Hunter
Slide!!, Toombs, Trumbull, Wad!a:VVilso , and Wright*—lo'.
July 1,
So the bill was ordered, to be engrossed for a
third reading; it was read the third time, and
JOHN P. BALDWIN.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, the bill (S.
No. 355) for the relief of John P. Baldwin, owner
of the Spanish brig Gil Bias, was read the sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to allow to John P. Baldwin, or his assignee
or attorney in fact, the sum of #1,200 in full for
the brig Gil Bias, her tackle, apparel, and appur-
tenances, and all the materials and cargo on board
her, wrecked on the Florida coast in the winter
of 1835-'36, and burned and destroyed by the
officers of the United States Navy in command on
that coast, to prevent her falling into the hands
of the Seminole Indians.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
ST. LOUIS AND IRON MOUNTAIN RAILROAD.
Mr. GEYER. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill (H. R. No. 13) which was debated some two
or three weeks sincc, and on which the honorable
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] has the
floor. I understand he is not disposed to discuss
it, and we can take a vote on it at once. It is a bill
to grant the right of way to the St. Louis and
Iron Mountain Railroad Company through the
public grounds near St. Louis. The work has
been arrested for the want of action on that bill.
Mr. WELLER. I believe that bill gave rise
to debate when it was up before.
Mr. IVERSON. When this bill was under
discussion before, it was postponed on my motion.
I had the floor then, intending to discuss it; but
on subsequent consideration I have come to the
conclusion to interpose no difficulty in its way by
discussion. I merely desire to have the yeas and
nays called, in order that I may record my vote
ill the negative oil the passage of the bill. I am
not disposed to interpose any further objection.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 13) to grant the
right of way to the St. Louis and Iron Mountain
railroad through the arsenal, magazine, and Jef-
ferson barracks tracts.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Like the Senator from
Georgia, I wish simply to record my vote against
the bill; I shall ask, therefore, that the question
may be taken by yeas and nays on its passao-e.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Is there any report°ac-
companying this bill? If not, I should like to
have the act read which it proposes to repeal. It
seems to me to be an important bill, and it con-
tains a provision which I do not like 
Mr. WELLER. My friend from Pennsylvania
will allow me to state that this bill comes from
the Committee on Military Affairs, and there is
no written report. It turns out, however, that
when the bill was taken up in committee, it re-
ceived the sanction of a majority of those pres-
ent—only five being present at the time. The
committee is now equally divided in regard to it.
Mr. MASON. In the debate which took place
on this bill a few days ago, I understood it to be
said that the measure proposed in the bill to allow
this railroad to pass through the public grounds
at St Louis, was disapproved by the Secretary
of War, and we have just been informed by the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
that the committee were equally divided on the
propriety of granting to this railroad company
the privilege which the bill proposes to grant. I
know nothing, of course, of the merits involved in
the bill, or of the arguments adduced by the Sec-
retary of War, on the one side, to oppose it, and
on the other side by the railroad company to ask
for it; but I do know that, from necessity, the
care and preservation of the public property and
the public interests must be confidcd'with the
executive officers; and unless an overruling case
is made out against the opinions and'judgment
of the executive officers, I should be exceedingly
averse to granting the privilege proposed in this
bill. I am the more strongly impressed with this
from having some personal knowledge of a like
state of things existing in my own State in refer-
ence to the passage of a railroad through the
public property at Harper's Ferry.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Virginia if he was here when
this question was discussed some time since ?
Ml*. MASON. I was present for a short time
during the discussion.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The letter of the Sec-
retary of War was then read, and the question
fully discussed.
Mr. MASON. I derived the information in
some way from the debate, that the Secretary of
War was opposed to it.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. His letter was read
during the discussion.
Mr. MASON. I do not remember whether I
heard that; but I was going to say  
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Virginia
will allow me to make an explanation to set him
right.
Mr. MASON. Certainly. '
Mr. IVERSON. I do not understand that the
Secretary of War is opposed to granting the
right of way through these public grounds. He
assents to that. A bill has heretofore passed,
authorizing the company to run through these
grounds. The contest between the company and
the Secretary of War is on another point. The
Secretary of War requires, or desires to require,
that they shall put up a stone wall between the
public building and the railroad, so as to protect
the public buildings from injury; whereas, the
company assert that a plank fence will answer
the same purpose, and relieve them from the very
heavy expense of putting up a stone wall. They
propose, therefore, to substitute a plank fence for
the stone wall for the present, with the condition
that if the Secretary of War hereafter shall find
that the plank fence will not answer the purpose,
he shall have the privilege and power of having
it taken down and a stone wall erected at the ex-
pense of the company. That is the only diffi-
culty between the Secretary of War and the com-
pany, as I understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour for
the consideration of the special order has arrived;
and it must be taken up unless otherwise directed
by the Senate.
Mr. BENJ AMIN. I hope we shall take a vote
on this question.
Messrs. GEYER and TOOMBS. Let us take
a vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the vote can be taken, I
hope it will be done by general consent at once.
Mr. WELLER. I prefer that the vote shall
not be taken now.
Mr. MASON. I shall ask that the letter of the
Secretary of War be read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It was read the other day.
It has already been read twice.
Mr. MASON. That may be; but 1 do not
know that I had the good fortune to hear it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will require
the vote of the Senate to postpone the special
order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 move to continue the
discussion of this bill, and for that purpose to
postpone the special order until it be disposed of.
The bill has been up half a dozen times, and has
nearly alwaysbeen cut off by a special order in-
tervening. It is a matter of no consequence what-
ever to tKe Government; it is a matter of great
importance to the people of Missouri and to the
State of Missouri. 1 think there is a very large
majority of the Senate decided on this subject.
I believe that the objections thrown in the way
of this company are such as the Senate ought not
to sustain for a moment. There appears to be
some feeling growing up between the War Depart-
ment and this company. The company ask for
nothing but what is reasonable. I trust the Sen-
ate wiU take the vote at once on this bill. It has
been passed by the House, and has been before
us four or five times already; and is not really
worth the time we have wasted on it. I move to
postpone the special orders until this question is
disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. "Will the
Senator name an hour?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Until this question is dis-
posed of.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope that will not be done.
I believe nobody wishes to discuss this bill. I
am willing to agree that we shall take the vote
