792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr Mace)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the annual
message of the President of the United States,
and-had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I ask leave to introduce a
bill, of which previous notice has been given, for
the purpose of reference merely.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think it is very-
clear that there is not a quorum here. The bill
would have to be read a first and second time.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have some com-
munications from Executive Departments to the
Committee of Ways and Means, that ought to
be printed.
Mr. JONES. There is no quorum. I move
that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House (at
twenty minutes before four o'clock, p. m.) ad-
journed until to-morrow,at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jlprit 2,1856.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, information concerning obstructions
to the navigation of the Potomac river, and the
expediency of removing the same; which, on
motion by Mr. Brodheao, was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Court of Claims of the
decisions of that court adverse to the claims of
Cyrus H. McCormick and William W. Cox;
and in favor of the claim of Asliury Dickins and
of James H. Lindsay, accompanied by a bill for
their relief; which, on motion by Mr. Brodhead,
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. REID presented a memorial of the Cham-
ber ofCommerce of Wilmmgion, North Carolina,
for an appropriation for continuing the improve-
ment of Cape Fear river; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented a petition
of citizens of l-Iawkins county, Tennessee, pray-
ing that James Francisco, a pensioner of the
United States, may bo allowed arrears of pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
settlers upon lands in the Fort Crawford military
reservation in Iowa, praying that they may be
allowed the right of preemption to the lands
settled by them; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying that Joseph McCune maybe al-
lowed a section of land for the services of his
father, Joseph K. McCunc, in the war of 1812;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying for the adoption of
measures for the construction of a railroad to the
Pacific; which was referred to the select committee
on the subject of a Pacific railroad.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Iowa and Minnesota Territory, pray-
ing for the establishment of a mail route from
Lansing, in Iowa, to Elliota, in the Minnesota
Territory; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of Samuel
W. Owen, executor of William H. Owen, de-
ceased, praying for compensation for the services
of the deceased as an express rider from Camargo
to Corpus Christi, during the war with Mexico,
and for a horse lost ill the service; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, in the
year 1853,1 believe, a memorial was presented to
this body on behalf of Mr. JohnM. Stanley, pro-
posing to sell to Congress his gallery of North
American Indian portraits, now in the Smithso-
nian Institution. This gentleman has great merit
as an artist, and is, I think, of a very bold and
energetic character. He has been conducted by
his attainments in art to a high position in the
country. He has been in the midst of the savages;
and the result of his labors has been this gallery of
portraits of distinguished Indian inhabitants of
our country. I move that the memorial be taken
from the files, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of C. J. Cook and
A. A. Logwood, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Court of Claims.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of the representa-
tives of William G. Williams be withdrawn from the files,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
NOTICE OF A BILL
Mr. REID gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to make an appropriation
for the improvement of Cape Fear river, in North
Carolina.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
granting half pay to the widows or children of
seamen and marines belonging to the Navy of
the United States, in certain cases; which was
read the first and second times by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
to continue the land office for the Dubuque land
district, in the State of Iowa; which was read the
first and second times by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill to amend
an act entitled "An act regulating passenger-ships
and vessel's," approved March 2, 1819, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill for the relief of Samuel A.
Morse and others, reported it with amendments,
and submitted a report on the subject; which was
ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT BUFFALO.
Mr. SEWARD. The Committee on Com-
merce have had under consideration the joint
resolution from the House of Representatives (J.
It. No. 6) for enlarging the custom-house, post
office, and court-house at Buffalo, New York,
and report it back without amendment, and recom-
mend its passage. It is chiefly a local matter,
but is of pressing exigency. I ask the conseht
of the Senate to take it up now. It will give rise
to no debate; and is recommended by the Depart-
ment as necessary to bo passed immediately, in
order to go on with the work which is now sus-
pended.
The Senate proceeded as in Committee of the
Whole to consider the joint resolution. It pro-
poses to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to extend the building now in process of con-
struction at Buffalo for a custom-house, post of-
fice, and court-room, not exceeding twenty-five
feet in length, and to erect proper vaults therein
if in his discretion the public interests require
them. The cost of this extension is not to ex-
ceed ®33,000, including ten per cent, for contin-
gencies.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
KALAMAZOO LAND OFFICE.
On motion by Mr. STUART, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 97) to continue
temporarily the land office at Kalamazoo, in the
State of Michigan, which had been returned from
the House of Representatives with two amend-
ments.
The first was to insert the following additional
section:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be H further enircted, That the provisions of
sections one and two of tins act are hereby made applica-
ble to the land office at Palmyra, in the State of Missouri,
and the register and receiver thereof.
The second amendment of the House was to
alter the title of the bill go as to read: "An act to
continue temporarily the land offices at Kalama-
zoo, in the State of Michigan, and Palmyra, in
the State of Missouri."
The amendments were concurred in. - /
TRIBUTE TO DR. KANE. V
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the Committee
on Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
message of the President of the United States,
containing a communication from the Govern-
ment of Great Britain, asking this Government
to grant permission to Dr. Kane and the officers
who accompanied him on the late expedition to
the Arctic seas, in search of Sir JJohn Franklin,
to receive from the British Government some
token of their thankfulness to him and the other
officeis for their exertions in that matter, have in-
structed me to report to the Senate a joint resolu-
tion to carry into cffcct the object of the message.
The joint resolution was read the first time,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. CASS. I trust the Senate will see fit to
pass the resolution now. I think there can be
no objection to it.
The joint resolution was read the second time
by unanimous consent, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think the subject pre-
sented to us by this resolution deserves more
careful consideration by the Senate. The services
of Dr. Kane and his associates in their perilous
exploration of the northern seas are very apt to
invite us to accept any proposition which may
be presented, to signify our sense of his merit and
the merit of his officers; but by this resolution
we are introducing, so far as I know, a new
career.
Mr. MASON. No, sir: there are precedents.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have been here a good
while, first and last, and I do not remember a
single instance; but there may be one stach.
Mr. MASON. I will instance only .one. I
have not traced them very far; but within the past
three or four years the assent of Congress was
given that Lieutenant M. F. Maury should ac-
cept a gold medal from one of the potentates of
Europe. I do not remember which.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am usually willing to
defer to the gentleman and the committee from
which this resolution comes. I have a great re-
gard and respect for his judgment; but ( think,
if we have fallen in to this habit, it would be " more
honored in the brcach than in the observance"
hereafter. Our Constitution has provided against
this system. These national courtesies—-if I may
so call them, and such they are, and nothing
more—are of a very attractive and persuasive
character; and I fear that we shall run into a vio-
lation of the spirit of the Constitution and of
our institutions on this subject. Where is this
to end? If we set this precedent, gentlemen who
have been ministers to foreign nations will ask us
to permit them to accept tokens of approbation
from foreign courts to which they have been ac-
credited, and where they have acted their part
well. It is compliment enough to know that
these gentlemen, in the estimation of a foreign
Government, deserve to be rewarded for such ser
vices. They had better be satisfied with that.
At any rate, however laudable the ambition oi.
our part, regarded in a great national point of
view, it seems to me that we had better pursue
the ancient coursc on this subject, and not give
our approbation or consent to any such measure
as this. Let us honor our own citizens for what
they do, and give them whatsoever meed of ap-
plause they maybe entitled to, but let us not mix
ourselves up with foreign nations in this species
of courtesy. This principle may appear to be a
stern and discourteous one; but I think, on the
whole, its operation will be beneficial to the coun-
try, and I am for adhering to it, and refusing any
departure on this occasion.
Mr. MASON. It is a proper tribute of justice
to Dr. Kane that I should say that he has not
been heard of in this matter. I have received no
communication from him, or from anybody on
his behalf; and, so far as I am aware, no such
communication has been received by any member
of Congress. The question comes before us in
the form of a request made directly by the Gov-
ernment of England to the Government of this
country, asking this Government to do to the
Government of England the favor of permitting
