1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1519
on it by general consent, but I cannot yield to a
general vague postponement in this way.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will say until two o'clock,
and allow gentlemen to make speeches if they
wish.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust the Senator will allow
this subject to go on without any definite motion ;
we can then get through with it much sooner
than-by the postponement he suggests.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to pursue the course suggested
by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope it will be given.
Mr. W.ELLER. I cannot consent.
• The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question must be taken on the motion of the
Senator from Louisiana, to postpone the special
order until two o'clock.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 24 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Boll of New Hampshire, Bell of Tennes-
see, Benjamin, Collamcr, Crittenden, Durkee, Foot, Foster,
Ueyer, Hale, lveison. Johnson, 1'ratt, Toombs, Trumbull,
Wade, and "Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Biggs, Bigler, Bright,
Brodhead, Blown, Cass, Clay, Dodge, Douglas, Evans,
Fitzpatrick, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Mallory. Mason, Reid,
Sebastian. Stuait, Thompson of Kentucky, Toucey, Wel-
ler, and Wiight—24.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MA LLORY. 1 hope the Senate will allow
this question now to continue informally, and take
the vote upon it. The Senator from California
objected to giving unanimous consent, but 1 un-
derstand it is merely proposed to read two letters,
winch will not occupy more than five minutes.
Mr. ADAMS. This question will occupy the
morning hour to-morrow, and we must conform
to our rules.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is now before the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection myself
to the vote being taken on the bill of the Senator
from Missouri. I only desired to get time to send
to the committee room to obtain a few letters.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
having decided against postponing the special
order, it is now under consideration.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The special order was the bill (S. No. 356)
yesterday reported from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to authorize the people of the Territory
of Kansas to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, preparatory to their admission into the
Union on equal terms with the original States.
The bill was road the second time; and the Senate
proceeded to consider it as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, and Mr.
BIGLER addressed the Senate at some length.
Their speeches will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. WADE. The usual time of adjournment
has arrived, and I therefore move that the sub-
ject be postponed to, and made the special order
for to-morrow, and then that we adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope that if the Senator
from Ohio is not ready to go on now, he will give
way to some others who are. We wish to get
through with as many speeches as we can to-day,
so as to be .able to take the vote without being
crowded into the night, to-morrow. I understand
the gentleman from New Hampshire wishes to
fiiake a few-remarks, and I trust the gentleman
from Ohio will give way to him.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
Mr. HALE. I had thought some time ago
that I would address the Senate somewhat at
length in reply to the positions which were taken
by'tiie honorable Senator from Georgia [Mr.
•Toombs] in regard to a doctrine which I broached
in a speech submitted by me to the Senate, and
which he controverted; and also in reply to a se-
ries of interrogatories propounded to me by the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,]
which I promised him to answer. Subsequent
reflection, however, has satisfied me that not
much good can possibly come of such a discus-
sion heie, and as the Senator from South Caro-
lina is not present, and as I despair of convincing
the Senator from Georgia, I will pretermit all
that, and confine myself to a very few remarks
which, are pertinent to the question btfore the
Senate.
I wish, in the first place, to say a word in
reply to the exceedingly good-natured, brilliant,
and humorous speech of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Thompson.] The Senator
was very pathetic in depicting the consequences
that would result to the Union from such a sec-
tional demonstration as would be made by the
selection of a President and Vice President both
from one section of the country; and he thought
the South could by no possibility submit to it.
1 suppose the South, particularly the Democracy
of the South, are magnanimous; they certainly
have been in power long enough to learn that
herp, if they have not learned anything else; and
they ought to be magnanimous enough to stand
the very doctrine with which they sprang into
being; for if history is not altogether at fault,
when this newly organized form of Democracy
(which has swayed the country efer since the
accession of General Jackson in 1829, with one
or two slight exceptions) first came into power,
they came into power by electing a President of
the United States from the State of Tennessee,
and a Vice President from the State of South
Carolina.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. What I
said was not in reference to any historical fact of
that nature. The Senator has since told me of
the instance to which he has just alluded, and I
said to him that I would have it corrected in the
report of my speech.
Mr. HALE. It is no matter about the speech;
I am speaking of the fact. When that took place
there was no opposition in the North; there was
no talk about it; and indeed, the party in opposi-
tion to Jackson, which was called the National
Republican party, did the same tiling, though I
believe they were not fortunate enough to succeed,
for they nominated Mr. Adams, of Massachusetts,
and Mr. Rush, of Pennsylvania. What do we
see at this moment ? We have a president of the
United States from almost the extreme north—
New Hampshire—and when this body looked
about to choose a man to preside over the Senate,
and be Vice President in substance ar.d effect,
what did they do ? They also took a man from
the free States: so that wo have at this moment,
practically, the very state of things which the
Senator from Kentucky thought would be so dis-
astrous.
Well, sir, what is the reason of this? The
reason is because the country had confidence m
you, or the country as represented here on this
floor had confidence m you. The people will not
elect Mr. Fremont and Mr. Dayton, unless they
have confidence in them. If they have confidence :
in those gentlemen, and elect them, they will take
the Constitution for their chart, and I can venture |
to say, without claiming to lie a prophet, tliey
will adhere to the Constitution quite as closely as
the present Administration, and, as I think, will
be quite as impartial.
But, sir, I do not want to dwell on that subject,
but to speak a very few words m reference to this
bill, which has been introduced by the Senator
from Geoigia. I take this occasion to say, that
the bill, as a whole, does great credit to the mag-
nanimity, to the patriotism, and to the sense of
justice of the honorable Senator who introduced
it. It is a much fairer bill than I expected from
that latitude. 1 say so because I am always j
willing, and determined, when I have occasion to j
speak anything, to do ample justice. I think the |
bill is almost unexceptionable; and if it could be j
put in the hands of agents who would carry it ;
out faithfully, I think it would be less exception- j
able than it now appears to be; but you will j
perceive that it is committed to the present Ad- j
ministration to carry it out; and the action of that ,
Administration in the affairs of Kansas, whatever
else may be said of it, I call say, and nobody \
can deny it, has not been such as to inspire any I
confidence in me. I have no confidence at all in '
tlieni, and that is one of the objections to the bill. ;
One feature that I hail with great satisfaction
as it is regarded by him who is supposed to be
the author of it. This bill, I think, cuts that up
root and branch, because it does not allow the
people in Kansas to have any discretion there at
all; it does not allow them to say who shall vote,
or what shall be the evidence of a man's being
entitled to vote; nor it does not allow them to sit
and receive the votes, but it takes the whole thing
into the hands of Congress, where it appropriately
belongs. It takes this little child called " squatter
sovereignty," which has been an apprentice in
the family but a little while, and has not seemed
to answer the purposes for which it was intended,
and turns it out, throws it away 
Mr. CASS. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to say a word, [Mr. Hale. Certainly,]—not
on the point of squatter sovereignty, because that
was born on the 4th of July, 1776, and has now
got to be a pretty old child.
Mr. HALE. The mother was born then.
Mr. CASS. What I wish to say is on another
i point. Perhaps I can satisfy the honorable Sen-
1 ator as to some difficulties connected with this
bill. After conversation with some gentlemen
present, I feel authorized to say that the selection
of commissioners under this bill by the Execu-
tive will not be a local or party question. I feel
myself at liberty to say that, if the commissioners
are selected under the bill by the Executive, they
will be selected impartially from the different
shades of party in the country, and the best men
that can be got.
Mr. HALE. I know that is the feeling of the
honorable Senator, and 1 have not the slightest
doubt of his entire conviction of the perfect just-
ness of the declaration which he makes; but the
terms "partial" and " impartial" are compara-
tive terms; and what the President of the United
States might consider very impartial and upright
and fair, might not look so to everybody. How-
ever, I confess that the suggestion of the honor-
able Senator tends to obviate another of the diffi-
culties that embarrass me as to my vote on the
bill.
There is another difficulty. I make these sug-
gestions because I am not speaking now as a par-
tisan, for I desire peace as much as anybody—
peace for all parties. There is another thing
which strikes me as being not exactly so fair
practically as the bill purports to be; and that is
the criterion by which the right of individuals
in Kansas to vote, so far as their residence is
concerned, is determined. The date of residence
is fixed on the 4th of July. When 1 mentioned
to the honorable Senator from Georgia an objec-
tion which existed m my own mind, that several
of those who entertained the views with which I
i sympathize, those who desired to make Kansas
; a free State, had been unjustly driven out of the
Territory by iniquitous proceedings, he very
frankly stated that he was perfectly willing to
incorporate into his bill any amendments which
should give to those parties who had been thus
unjustly driven out of the Territory a fair chance
of going back and availing themselves of the
advantages of this bill. That is certainly very
candid and magnanimous, and does somethingto
obviate the difficulties which lay in my way in
voting for the bill; but we must look at the state
of facts as they exist in Kansas, and that state
of facts I can only give from the evidence whiqji
has come to me.
I understand that a grand jury have acted under
the charge of the chief justice of that Territory,
who charged that there were two crimes which
had been, or might have been, committed m
Kansas—high treason and constructive treason—
neither of which do I understand to be possible
in this country. There is no such tlnng as high
treason, and certainly no such thing as constructive
treason, in this country. There is treason. The
framers of the Constitution, instructed by the
bloody history of the country from which they
came, and from which they derived their institu-
tions, and seeing the great abuses which had
and great gratification in this bill is, what seems j been practiced m England, determined that, so
tome to be the repudiation of what-I speak very [; far as trials for treason had been productive of
respectfully—1 have looked upon as one of the ,( the vast wrongs of which they had been pio-
' great humbugs of the dav, and that is, the doc- .1 ductive m the old country, they should «ase
trine of popular sovereignty. I do not mean any ! wrote, m plain characters, upon the page ot tht
disrespect to anybody who feels sensitive on that :i Constitution, what treason should be. iftey
subject; I spealc rather of the construction that provided that " treason agamstthe United Suites
has been nut upon it by the strange hands into I shall consist only in levying war against tliem,
doctrine itself, l! or in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid
