*856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kamas—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
not of obligation by public law, to the co-States
which, haif contributed their equal measure of
blood and treasure in achieving the common
independence, the States of the South, which
claimed a large extent of territory, should con-
tract their State boundaries within more reason-
able limits, and cede the surplus for the common
benefit of all the States; but the wise authors of
the Constitution, restrained by the jealousies of
those Sta^s, on a, subject so nearly concerning
their ten^*rial rigRts, did not venture to make
any provision having any distinct reference to it.
Whatever hope or expectation was indulged, that
such cessions would in time be made, it was fore-
seen, and well understood, that none such would
be tendered, or agreed to, but upon such condi-
tions, in respect to slavery, and every other sub-
ject, including the privileges to be enjoyed by the
inhabitants of the territory proposed to be ceded,
prior to their admission into the Union, as the
ceding States might prescribe. Subsequent ex-
perience has fully verified the correctness of these
anticipations. In the cessions afterwards made
by North Carolina and Georgia, it was made a
condition that the inhabitants of the ceded terri-
tories should enjoy all the privileges and benefits
pecured to the people of the territory northwest
of the river Ohio, by the ordinance of 1787; ex-
cept that they should be authorized to pass no law
for the emancipation of slaves. Thus, whenever
Congress has exercised any legislative authority ;
or control over the inhabitants of any part of the 1
territory lying within the original limits of the
United States, except in the exercise of the right
to make regulations in respect to the property in
the soil, it has been in compliance with the con-
ditions of a compact, and not in conformity with
any general or specific grant of power given in ;
the Constitution.
For these reasons, and under the circumstances
existing at the time the Constitution was framed,
the authors of that great organic law did not 1
perceive any necessity for incorporating among ,
jts provisions any specific grant of power over
territory, or of prescribing any principle or limit- .
ation, in respect to slavery, by which Congress
should be controlled in the establishment of ter-
ritorial governments, or in the admission of new
States. The idea of the future acquisition of
territory does not appear to have occurred to :
them. Hence it happened that the only provision ! |
to be found in the Constitution having any mate- I j
rial bearing upon this subject, aside from the !j
ordinance of 1787, and the clause concerning the i |
importation of slaves for a limited period, are to jj
be found in the third section of the fourth article j!
of the Constitution. j
Mr. CRITTENDEN. With the permission of ;
the gentleman who has the floor, I will say that 1 '
think it is impossible to get through to-night; and
i£the gentleman will allow me to do so, I will
move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have no objection,
but I do not wish to disturb the arrangement of
the majority. If they consent to the motion I
shall be very happy. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Kentucky j
move to adjourn ? ,!
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir. j
Mr. WELLER. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion. I have no doubt that, if we
adjourn now, we shall be compelled to sit it out \
another night in the same way. I have never !
«een an important bill passed without sitting all
night to get through with it. I withdraw my call
for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question |
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Ken- i
tucky to adjourn.
The question was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 9, noes 23.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I beg gentlemen to
understand that it was with the greatest reluct-
ance that I have undertaken to address the Sen-
ateat this late hour. I was willing to waive my
privilege that we might proceed to vote. But I
find that honorable Senators will speak, and I
trust they will bear with me.
Mr. DOUGLAS. , Of course.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I was remarking,
when my friend from Kentucky kindly moved an 1
adjournment, that the authors of the Constitution, .
not contemplating the acquisition of new terri-
tory, and seeing that there was no necessity for
any specific grant of power in relation to the gov-
ernment of the Territories then within the bounds'
of the United States, it had resulted that no pro-
visions were made bearing upon the subjectexcept
what are to be found in the third section of the
fourth article of the Constitution. The provision
of that section is in these words:
" New States may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union; but no new State shall be formed or erected within
the jurisdiction of any other State; nor any State be formed
by the junction of two or more States, or parts, without the
consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned, as well
as of the Congress."
j The particular phraseology of this clause pre-
' sents a curious piece of history; and was the
I result of the extreme jealousy on the part of all
I the States of any interference with their claims of
jurisdiction and sovereignty by the new Govern-
1 ment,proposed to be established. The sentiment
of all the States except New York was in favor of
the immediate admission of Vermont; and it was
not certain that the claim of sovereignty set up by
New York over Vermont could be adjusted; but
as New York had not extended her jurisdiction
over that State, (hen claiming to be independent,
the word "jurisdiction," it appears, was pur-
posely inserted to give Congress the power, if it
should think proper to exercise it, to admit Ver- |
mont into the Union without the consent of New j
York. The phraseology of this clause, with the
use of the term "jurisdiction" instead of sover- ;
eignty, was also effective iff quieting the appre- j
tensions and jealousies of the States of the South, i
which claimed the sovereignty over the extensive
territory within their original charters. Virginia
and North Carolina had extended their jurisdic-
tion over this western territory, and Georgia
claimed the right to do so. At that time the peo-
| pie of the western district of Virginia were com-
plaining of the inconvenience of their dependence
upon a distant government; and the inhabitants 1
of the western section of North Carolina had act-
ually set up a government of their own, called
the State of Franklin,and praying to be admitted
into the Confederation as a separate State. The
greatestcaution was, therefore,found necessary in
framing this clause of the Constitution. Even the
simple power to admit new States was inserted
in the Constitution rather in reference to a single
case than as a necessary general power. As for
the new States to be formed out of the territory
northwest of the Ohio, it was settled that they
should constitute States of the Union when the
prescribed population should be attained. To
have simply given the power to admit new States,
without the qualifying language connected with
it, would have alarmed all the States holding a
large extent of territory. The same cautious
policy dictated the language of the second clause
of the section. It is in these words:
" The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or
other property belonging to the United States and nothing
in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice
any claims of the United States, or of any particular State."
No municipal control or legislation over the
inhabitants of the territory is conferred in terms
by this clause, and none can be fairly inferred,
except so far as such jurisdiction is necessary to
prevent any interference or obstruction on their
part to the due protection and the disposal of the
ceded lands. The power to prescribe rules and
regulations to that extent might be necessary, and
it was given; but the employment of the term
" territory," in connection with the words, "or
other property," clearly restricts the power of
Congress to the protection and sale of the terri-
tory as property.
But whatever may have been the extent of the ,
powers intended to be grarrted to Congress, in the
two provisions of the Constitution I have cited,
by the framers of that instrument, Congress pro-
ceeded to establish territorial governments over
all the territory embraced in the original limits of
the United States, and to admit new States with-
out any serious question or difficulty; and all the
controversies which have arisen in the exercise
of these powers hare proceeded from the diver-
sity of views and opinions held by the leading
statesmen of the country, in their application to
the Territories acquired since the adoption of the
Constitution. Some have contended that no
power is conferred by the Constitution to acquire
new territory; and if that objection could be sur-
mounted, that, at all events, the concession of a
slave representation must be confined to the
original States, and such new Sfates as it was
expected might be formed out of territory within
the original limits of the United States; and that
as to all Territories and new States formed out of
new acquisitions, Congress has the power to
prohibit or admit slavery at its discretion, with-
out any reference to the wishes or supposed
interests of the inhabitants of such Territories,
or of the people of the original slave States.
Others insist that the scope and spirit of the
Constitution so far limit the power of Congress
over territory, whether within or without the
original limits of t-he United States, that to pro-
hibit slavery in any Territory would be a denial
of the equal rights and privileges of the citizens
of the slave States; and that the only constitu-
tional exercise of the power of Congress over the
Territories would be to protect the inhabitants in
the enjoyment of all their rights of property as
they were recognized in the States from which
they emigrated, until they are authorized to form
a State constitution, when they should be at lib-
erty, in the exercise of the right of self-govern-
ment, to establish or prohibit slavery, ag thev
shall think proper.
There is yet another interpretation of the power
of Congress over the subject of slavery in the
Territories, which is now the popular doctrine,
and earnestly maintained by some of the most
prominent public men of the country. It is, that
Congress has no right to interfere with the do-
mestic institutions or affairs of the Territories,
whether for the protection or exclusion of slavery,
and that the inhabitants have the sole and exclu-
sive right to control that subject.
Now, sir, I do not propose to notice the rea-
soning or arguments by which these widely dif-
ferent and discordant doctrines are maintained by
their respective advocates. Nor will 1 occupy
time by examining the new theory "of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] as to the source
from which the power of Congress over the Ter-
ritories is derived—the power to admit new States.
While I do not agree with him, 1 will say that,
in my view of the subject, it is a matter of no
consequence whether the power be derived from
that clause, or from the power to " make all
needful rules and regulations respecting the terri-
tory and other property belonging to the United
! States," or from any one of the fifteen sources
enumerated by the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Cass,] from which it has been derived,
in the judgment of almost as many different per-
sons.
The significant fact that the power of Congress
to establish municipal corporations or govern-
ments for the Territories has been derived from
so many different sources, by so many different
minds, is demonstrative of the soundness of the
position, that the provisions of the Constitution
in relation to this subject, as well as evei y other,
were made for, and adapted to, the original States
and Territories of the United States, as to all of
which the principles and policy of the new Gov-
ernment were sufficiently defined, and that i.ivy
extended no further.
The argument has been advanced, that it was
absurd to suppose that a great Government like
that of the. United States had been formed with-
out any power to extend its area, or to bring in
foreign States or Territories. Admit that it looks
. extraordinary and unreasonable: still, none wilt
deny that such a power is nowhere expressly
granted by the Constitution. It is said, however,
that Congress has this power, under the war and
treaty-making grants of power. I deny that this
power can be derived from either of these
sources by any fair implication. You may have
a hundred wars, offensive and defensive, with-
out acquiring territory. When you K'  to war
you are not necessarily obliged toaequi.e
tory. If you do, you may erect it into a new <i.d
separate nationality, or you may suircnuci h. uj
