788
appendix to the congressional globe.
[July 2,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Johnson, Mr. Seward.
Senate.
embracing every great interest connected with
the progress of civilization—material, social, and
• political, would exceed the powers of the great-
est intellect and the richest fancy.
I hold it to be a mad, preposterous, and reck-
less game, in which the party that wins must;
eventually lose more than it gains. Settle this j
slavery controversy when we may, now or at
any time, or in any way, the best that can be de-
vised, whatever section may have a triumph, there
will remain, on the side of the vanquished, a deep
and rankling feeling of discontent and alienation;
and a whole generation must pass away before
they will cease to mar, to some extent, the gen-
eral harmony. On the question whether Kansas
shall be a free or'a slave State, as a representative
of southern interests, my preference, of course,
is for a slave State. But, sir, if in a fair compe-
tition it must be so, let it be a free State; let it be
retroceded to the Indians, the aboriginal occu-
pants of the soil; let it become another Dead sea, I
rather than continue the pestilent source of mor-
tal disease to our system. j
Mr. JOHNSON. It is now two o'clock. One !
of our rules is that "no member shall speak more
than twice in any one debate on the same day,
without leave of the Senate." Whether this rule
has been observed or not, I shall not say, but as
I have already declared it is now two o'clock.
A Senator. It wants four minutes of that
hour.
Mr. JOHNSON, That is very hear it. I wish
to ask whether it is supposed that a vote will be
taken on this bill after awhile? There is no doubt
•whatever, judging from the deep-toned feeling
which exists here, [laughter,] and from the ex-
hibit of the numerous and well-filled seats and
benches around me, [renewed laughter,] that the
excitement of the debate stirs to the very depths
the feelings of every one on both sides of the
House. Not one seat is vacant, for I see them
all filled. [Laughter.] Does not this circum-
Btance justify us in coming to a vote ?
Sir, the hour is late. In fact, I might have
said the same thing, with perfect truth, two hours
ago. It was a late hour then. The session has
been protracted to an unusual and extraordinary
period, t have listened with great pleasure, ana,
I hope, with much instruction, to the many views
which have been presented by various Senators;
but I think we have at last got more than enough
of a good thing. The rule prescribes how often
h Senator is permitted to speak on a single sub-
ject on the same day. I have already read that
rule. It may be, sir, that there is a great deal
which has not yet been said that ought to be said
pn this subject. It may be, that the theme is far
from being exhausted. It may be, that the pub-
lic mind greatly needs enlightenment. It may be,
that the Senate requires light. Perhaps speaking
■will afford this light. I have no doubt of it, from
the evident attention which we find here from the
feat number who wait and listen. [Laughter.]
his should satisfy us that that which is spoken
wisely and well must have its effect, ana may
turn the tide on this question. I do not know by
what spirit we are to be governed, or in what
direction our votes are to be borne. At this late
hour, two o'clock, I see the Chamber so full, and
I hear all around me the voice of discontent por-
traying to every one the deep interest which the
subject excites, and I hear it from the recesses of
the Chamber, behind us, that I am sure we shall
soon have the vote. I am sorry that gentlemen
should think it necessary to teach others, and
force their convictions on them, in the midst of
the evident misery, the great excitement, and the
almost raging, madness produced by this debate
on those who are listening to it. You see the
evidences of it in every window, and all around
the Chamber. [Laughter.]
Sir, I do not believe that any Senator is dis-
posed to violate the fourth rule,which says that«' no
member shall speak more than twice in one de-
bate on the same day." This is a gentle intima-
tion that no gentleman is expected to detain the
Senate unnecessarily. May we not apply that
Principle to the debate on this subject? It has
lasted from the first Monday of December until
the present time. I do not think it is reasonable
to require us to listetj to the discussion night and
day. My honorable friend from North Carolina
[Mr. Reid] has, I observe, listened patiently, but
I fear he will have to wait a little longer.
Sir, if we could have profound silence in the
i Senate for a moment, I believe we could hear all
around us the outpourings of profound conviction,
earnest sighs, deep breathings, [A Voice. Of
the sleepers,] telling us, with a strong voice, that
the hour is late, and that we are not all well quali-
fied to sit here forever, though we may sit pa-
tiently as the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
certainly does, notwithstanding the fact, that he
is the oldest man among us; but he cannot last
forever. I trust we shall at once come to vote,
and have no more speeches on this subject, unless
some speech which will bring this crisis to a
determination, and settle the question of the very
existence of the Union. What is the use of con-
tinuing the debate ? Who has an idea that it is
of importance to pass this bill, unless it be adopted
by the House of Representatives ? Some south-
ern men are said to be opposed to it; a great many
northern men are opposed to it; and I doubt ex-
' ceedingly whether the bill will be passed by the
J House, though it may be adopted by the Sen-
ate.
Senators will pardon me for having called their
attention to the fourth rule. Of course the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward,] who I perceive
desires to obtain the floor, will not understand
me as applying it to him, for I believe he has not
spoken more than two or three times to-day and
to-night. [Laughter.] I hope that other gentle-
men will be admonished by his example. I trust,
in view of the high excitement which now exists
here, that no gentleman will lend a hand to in-
crease it.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the daily
sessions of the Senate usually last three or four
hours. The present one has already reached its
fourteenth hour. If I do not hasten, the gleams
of the morning sun will pale the lights of the
chandelier before I shall have closed my speech.
The honorable and distinguished Senator frpm
Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] has appealed elo-
quently and earnestly to my love of peace, and to
my devotion to the Union. Certainly every con-
sideration weighs upon me as strongly as upon
any other American Senator or citizen to make
me desire that peace and harmony may prevail
throughout this broad land; that my own coun-
try, worthier of my love than any other country
under the sun, may be united now, henceforth,
and forever; and that it may, by means of such
harmony and union, continually rise in prosper-
ity, greatness, and glory.
The honorable Senator has based on that ap-
peal a remonstrance against my remark, that"tne
time for compromises has passed." The honor-
able Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]' to
whom this bill owes its principal features, has
disclaimed for it not only the form but also the
! character of a compromise. Assuming, however,
J with the Senator from Kentucky, that this is its
: true character, I must say, nevertheless, that he
misunderstands me when he supposes that I am
' opposed to all compromises of all questions, on
all occasions. My position concerning legislative
compromises is this, namely: personal, partisan,
temporary, and subordinate questions, may law-
. fully be compromised; but principles can never be
justly or wisely made the subjects of compromise.
By principles, I mean the elements in public ques-
tions of moral right, political justice, and high
national expediency. Does any honorable Sen-
ator assert a different maxim on the subject of
legislative compromises?
Unlike, perhaps, that honorable Senator, I
regard slavery as morally unjust, politically un-
wise, and socially pernicious, in some degree, in
every community where it exists. Slavery once,
and not long ago, was practically universal. It
may be doubted whether, among all the distin-
guished men whose co-laborer I am in this august
assembly, there is one who more than myself, if
he could trace his lineage upwards through a
period of five or six hundred years, would not
reach the bar siniiter. I owe it to wise, virtuous,
and bold legislators, who have gone before me,
that I am not myself a slave, and that, within the
State where I live, slavery has forever ceased to
] exist. I owe it to mankind and to posterity that,
| j being a legislator now myself, slavery shall by
lino act of mine be established or extended; and
; by act of mine, God giving me grace, no human
being shall ever hereafter be made or held a slave.
This is a principle; and, being a principle, ! can-
; not compromise it. Nevertheless, I am not, for
|! that reason, to be supposed willing to be either
| j turbulent or factious in resisting the majority of
my countrymen, when, overruling me, they com-
promise principles even so sacred as this. I abide
! that reconsideration which I always hopefully
j believe near, and am sure is ultimately certain.
'! It was my fortune to have just come into Con-
gress when California, a free State, applied for
admission into the Union. I insisted on her ad-
mission without condition, qualification, or com-
promise. Others here, onthe contrary, demanded
a compromise, which should settle, as they said,
all actual and all possible questions arising out of
the subject of slavery in the United States, then,
' henceforth, and forever. I showed that such a <
compromise was impracticable. I maintained
that questions arising out of slavery, from time
to time, under different circumstances, and in
different parts of the Republic, could only be
1 justly and wisely settled, and, indeed, could only
; "be settled at all, severally and distinctly, on the
| occasions on which they occurred. I was over-
ruled; I was censured, how widely, how severely,
all the world knows, for my refusal to join in a
measure of peace and harmony, as it was Sailed,
which, as I thought, at the cost of sacrifices of
freedom and justice, was expected to terminate
the discussion of slavery in Congress, and to re-
store harmony and concord throughout the coun-
1 try, and perpetuate them forever.
That compromise was made here about; this
time, in a midsummer night, like this, at the
close of a long and stormy debate. Loud-mouthed
artillery, from the terrace of the Capitol, an-
nounced to the people of the United States that
the Wilmot proviso was buried under the floor
of the Senate Chamber, and that the agitation of
slavery was buried with it. Wherever I went,
here or abroad, I was pointed out as a chief
mourner—the last to leave that solemn ceremo-
nial. Only four years have elapsed, when those
who had effected that compromise found it neces-
sary to open to% civilization the Territories of
"Nebraska and Kansas, and they introduced into
the Senate a bill for that purpose. Then, all at
once the Wilmot proviso Durst the cerements of
| its grave, and stalked through the Senate Cham-
, ber, clad in the same fearful horrors that it had
worn before its interment.
The slavery question thus reopened, certainly
by no act of mine, or of those who act with me,
1 the compromise act of 1850 was reviewed. ThoSe
' j who favored the extension of slavery in the Ter-
ritories maintained that that compromise drew
I after it, as a consequehce, an abrogation of the
prohibition of slavery in Kansas and Nebraska,
contained in the Missouri compromise act of
1820. Those who opposed the extension of sla-
very denied that consequence. I was among that
number, and was again overruled. The majority
II here then hit upon a new expedient to bind down
and confine the Wilmot proviso in its tomb, and
prevent its possible resurrection forever. That
expedient was, that Congress should renounce,
; in favor of the inhabitants of the new Territo-
ries, all jurisdiction on the subject of slavery
therein. Having no faith in the justice or the
wisdom of that expedient, I calmly warned the
"Senate that they were only sending this perplex-
ing question of slavery down to the Territories,
I to involve their inhabitants in factious and fruit-
less contests; and that it would come back again
to the Senate, red with the heat of those strifes,
to be settled here at last. I insisted then that
Congress ought to discharge its proper responsi-
bility, and decide whether Kansas and Nebraska
should be slave Territories or free Territories.
The compromise ordnance, from the terrace of
the Capitol, announced to the people a new tri-
umph, and I was again pronounced, throughout
the length and breadth of the land, a disappointed
and overthrown agitator. Twoyearshaveelapsed.
What is the result of this, the second compro-
, mise made within six years—a compromise con-
! sisting in the abnegation of Federal power offer
