1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
152$
Mr. CAMPBELL. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York to withdraw his point of order.
Mr. BENNETT. I will withdraw L.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I desired to
finish the course of remark I had commenced
upon this subject, but I do not wish to occupy
too much of the time of the House, nor do I wish
to produce such restlessness 011 the other side of
the Chamber. I was not commenting to censurc
the gentleman from Pennsylvania; I was merely
expressing my regret that the course now indi-
cated by the gentleman from Pennsylvania had not
been determined 011 a day or two sooner; that is
all. There arc those persons amongst us, 1 have
been so sometimes myself, when L see my friends
anxious to accomplish an object, I am very much
disposed to accommodate them if I can, and it
may be that the gentleman from Pennsylvania has
a little of that sort of feeling. I never, at any
time, had any idea of using the lash upon him—
not a bit of it. I had no right to do it. I know
my rights under the rules of the House some-
what, and I will not violate any rule knowingly.
I would not cast censure upon the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, even if the rules authorized it,
because I have no spirit of censure for him, or
any other person, it is not m my heart to do it.
I am only regretting that his course has been such
that he could not make up his mind, after the
long time of six, eight, or twelve months, upon
this exciting subject; and that after the long con-
test and struggle which the House has gone
through this session, the subject must be reopened
this morning,because the gentleman's nund is so
hard to be brought to definite conclusions, for it
will but serve to reopen and prolong this agitation
and sectional strife throughout the counti y, the
effect of which is to strike at the foundation of
the Government, and to weaken the institutions of
the country. Let us hush it up—let -us cease
these sectional controversies, and address our-
selves to the business of the country. Lei us
pour oil upon the troubled waters, and promote
that harmony and good feeling between the
sections, which are essential to a prosperous and
happy people.
Mr. DUNN. Will the gentleman indulge me
for a moment ?
Mr. HOUSTON. If no one objects, I will
yield to the gentleman.
Mr. DUNN. I simply wish to avail myself
of the kindness of the gentleman from Alabama,
to correct an error into which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Barclay] has fallen. I un-
derstood him to state his belief that the proposi-
tion which I submitted as an amendment to that
submitted by the gentleman from Georgia, was
designed for political purposes. I assure him
that nothing of the sort ever entered my head. I
assure him further that the presentation of that
proposition was not a patty movement. It was
drawn up at my own suggestion, in my own way,
and without consultation in the fhst instance with
any.one; and afterwards submitted, it is true, to
members of the House, having all possible views
on the subject. I could not and would not have
voted for the proposition of Mr. Stephen's upon j
the final passage of the bill, even with my amend- !
ment attached to it, butl saw in it a basis of accom- j
modation, which could subsequently be amended I
to make it acceptable to myself, and toad desirous 'j
of securing freedom to Kansas and peace to the j|
country; and I tell the gentleman frankly that I |j
will vote for no measure to settle the difficulties ,j
in that Territory, that does not, in substance or !j
in terms, embrace the proposition which I sub- jj
mittod, and thusaccomplish both of these objects. .
I intended it as a measure of healing and of free- :
dom both. I do not admU it to be right for the ,,
people to establish slavery in that Territory, and j
X never will admit it, nor will I ever-consent to i
give them that right. ij
Mr. BARCLAY. With the permission of the :
gentleman from Alabama, I assure the gentleman
from Indiana that I had not the slightest intention
of casting any imputation upon his motives in
offering that pioposition. I sugg *ted that it was
the result of party action. It sr, <or me at
the time, but even as such I make no charge in
reference to it.
Mr. DUNN. I did not understand the gentle-
man as imputing improper motives to me, but I
rose to correct the error into which he had (alien.
Mr. HOUSTON. I had intended to continue
my remarks further, but, as I remarked a moment
ago, 1 have no wish to act in conflict with the
sentiment of the House. I will withhold what I
intended to say, and move to lay the motion to
rcconsider upon the table.
REPORT OF KANSAS INVESTIGATING COM-
MITTEE.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise to aqucstion of higher
privilege. I am ready, on the part of the Kansas
investigating committee, to submit a report to the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON. The pending question is one
of privilege, and, under the rules of the House,
it takes precedence of every other question, ex-
cept the motion to adjourn. The pending motion
to reconsider cannot be shoved out of the way
but by a motion to adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The question of
the gentleman from Michigan is one of higher
privilege, for the reason that it involves the right
of a Delegate to a seat in the House, who may
desire to speak to the very matter under consid-
eration.
Mr. HOUSTON. There can be no one motion
of privilege higher than any other motion of
privilege. The motion to reconsider is a privi-
leged motion; and the question is taken on priv-
ileged motions in the order in which they are
made. There are no degrees among the same
class of questions. They have no preced<oiee,
one over the other, except as £iven by the ruics.
They are on terms of equality, and take prece-
dence according to the order in which they are
submitted to the House, and are only superseded
by a motion to adjourn. The following is the
language of the 56th rule:
When amotion has been once made, and carried in the
affiimative or negative, it sh.ill be t:i oidct lor anv member
of the majority to move for the lecon-idc-Mtum th°teof 011
the same or succeeding day; and >ueh motion '•hail take
precedence of all other que^tion^. except a motion to ad-
journ, and .-hall not be withdiawn after the said -meooedm^
day without the consent of the Ilou-c : and thereafter, any
member may call it up tor reconsideration.''
" Shall take precedence of all other questions
except a motion to adjourn."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan, the chairman of the committee sent to
Kansas to take evidence in reference to the right
of a member to a seat on this floor, wishes to
submit a report from that committee. The Chair
is of the opinion that the report is a privileged
one, and that it may be received at this stage of
the proceedings. The motion to reconsider is a
privileged motion, and takes precedence of every
other motion relating to the ordinary business of
the House, except a motion to adjourn; but that
class of business which belongs to the right of a
member to a seat in this House is of higher
privilege. Therefore, the report from the special
committee lakes precedence of the motion to re-
consider.
Mr. OPcR. I take an appeal from that decision
of the Chair. 1 understand this to be, not a report
from the Committee of Elections, but from a spe-
cial committee, i also understand that the reso-
lution appointing the committee does not allude
to the election of a Delegate from Kansas. That
hems: so, I should like to know how and why it
is that a report from that select committee stands
011 higher ground, and is a question of higher
privilege, than the report from any other selcct
committee of this House?
Mr. DUNN, The resolutions do refer to this
election.
The SPEAKER. With the permission of th*
gentleman from South Carolina, the Clerk wn1
read the resolutions authorizing this committee
of investigation.
Mr. ORIL Lnt them be read.
The Clerk read the resolutions.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina allow me to make a suggestion?
Air. ORU. Certainly.
Mr. STEPHENS. 'Mr. Speaker, it seems to
me, even if there never had bcon a committee
appointed, that any gentleman, using in his place
and stating that he had some evidence relating to
the ri°ht of a member to a seat, rises to & ques-
tion ofprivilcge: and, accoiding to parliamentary
law, a question of privilege has precedence of a
privileged question. The question of reconsid-
eration is a privileged question, while the other
is a question of privilege; and there is the diiler-
ence between thatmotion and thequestion arising
on receiving the report from the select committee.
If there never had been a committee appointed,
and a member rises to any matter of proof of
statement in reference to the right of a member
to a seat on this floor, it strikes me that it must
be viewed as a question of privilege. J make tk«
suggestion to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina.
Mr. EVANS. I risp to what I believe to be a
higher question of privilege. I wish to correct
the Journal. I am incorrectly reported in the
National InteJIigencer of this morning.
The SPEAKER. That is hardly a question of
privilege. The House has no control over the
newspapers.
Mr. EVANS. I desire to know if I am cor-
rectly recorded 011 the Journal.
The SPEAKER. Upon what qtiestion ?
Mr. EVANS. On the vote by which the Kan-
sas bill was rejected. «
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the gentleman is recorded as having voted in the
negative on that question.
Mr. EVANS. That is correct.
Mr. OUR. Mr. Speaker, the suggestion was
made by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
ph>vvs] that there is such a thing as a question of
privilege, as well as a privileged question. I con-
cede that, but I did not understand the precise
application of it. I understand very well how
there may be privileged questions' ancl questions
of privilege, and that there is a distinction be-
tween the two;but I did not understand the appli-
cation the gentleman made of it.
Mr. STEPHENS. It was this: that if a mem-
ber desire to present to the House matters of fact
relating to the right of a member to his seat, that
is a question of privilege; and hence, independ-
ently of any action of the House constituting
the committee, if an individual member had risen
or were to rise and state that his object was to
bring some, matters before the House, bearing
upon the nsrhtof a member to his seat, that would
! be a question of privilege, and would override
j everthmg else.
! Mr. ORR. The resolutions which have been
read are very much of a character that I sup-
posed, from my recollection. There is no allu-
sion to the election of a Delegate from the Ter-
ritory of Kansas. There is simply a general
authority given to the committee to examine into
and collect evidence in regard to the troubles in
JKansas, generally and particularly, to any fraud
*or forcc intended or practiced in reference to any
of the elections which have taken place in the
Territory. In my judgment, therefore, the com-
mittee do not stand in that relation to the House
which entitles them to submit a question of privi-
lege. Thfy weii sent out, it is true, to collect
facts, not with reference to the ejection of a Dele-
gate to Congress, but with reference to all frauds
that may have been committee m the Territory.
So much for that.
Now, a« to the privileged question. I appeal
from the decision of the Chair upon two grounds.
The first is, that this committee is a special com-
mittee,and that there is nothing m the resolutions
which authorizes them to make a report#! any
time, which is necessary under the rules of the
House. The second giound on which 1 appeal
from the decision of the Chan* is, tndt the E-Iouse
is now considering a privileged question; and, ac-
cording to the rules of*fche House, that privileged
question must be disposed of before even a ques-
tion of privilege can be entertained. The rule is
as explicit as possible. It was read by the gen-
tleman from Alabama. I propose to read it again,
$nd to ask the Speaker whether, in the face of
that rule, any other bu&iness can be transacted,
unless by unanimous consent, until this privi-
leged question is disposed of? The rule is m these
words:
u When a motion ha« b^n onee m-vle, and earned in the
affirmative negative, it&'iail be m ouiei jra an\ member
o! the mruoutv to iuov-3 a r<-eort-idei,u.on theieof on the
same 01 -.ucoeodmsi day, uu I -,u> h iu3„>^n shall tukc prece-
dence of aV other question^ except a motion to adjourn."
That is the explicit iangu. • of rule upon this
subject. Now, 1 would 1 ke to know whether
there is. m the rules or m (tie Manual, any author-
ity whatever, which will oven ule or override this
explicit ru1>' *
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from South Carolina to allow me a word.
