J856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
78^
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Seward.
Senate.
the subject of slavery in the Territories of the
United States? The result, in its nature, is just
what I predicted; while, in its aggravations, it
surpasses all that my fanatical imagination had
conceived.
Sir, I say again, and with emphasis, we have
had enough of compromises on the subject of ,
slavery. The day for them has passed. Do ,
you ask what I would do on these disturbing j
questions ? I answer, that I would do on these '
what I would do on all other questions. I hold i
this to be a government of majorities, modified
indeed by complex constitutional limitations, but
nevertheless a government of majorities.
It is the business of Congress to adjust and .
determine all questions which legitimately come
before it, and not to compromise them, or to
devolve their decision upon others. True, I
know very well th£t I might be overruled, and
that slavery might be established in a Territory
by Congress, where I should vote to establish
, freedom. In that case, slavery must remain
there, until, in a constitutional way, it shall be
removed. So, on the other hand, if freedom
shall be established in the Territories, where
others vote to establish slavery, they, too, must
submit, and abide the change they desire. True,
I know that there might be a difference of opin-
ion between the House of Representatives and
the Senate in such a case. In such an event, we
must wait until the two Houses can agree—to-
morrow, the next month, or the next year. The
people will ultimately take care to constitute the
two Houses so that they shall agree. So much,
sir, for my position upon the subject of compro-
mises concerning the subject of slavery.
Mr. President, the Territory of Kansas consti-
tutes one twenty-fifth part of the whole dominion
of the United States of America, sufficient to
constitute six States of the average size of those
now enrolled in the Confederacy. It is a Terri-
tory which, thirty-five years ago, was, with a
peculiar felicity of wisdom, consecrated to free-
dotn, and assigned as an exclusive field of free
labor. The distinguished Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Clayton] now argues to convince us that
that beneficent act was unconstitutional. The
question which is thus raised is merely incidental
and collateral now. I am content, therefore,
on this occasion, to reply, that the act was a
compromise; that it received the form, name,
and character of a compromise, at that time, by
the slaveholding States and the free States, as
parties having conflicting interests to be settled.
And it received that form, name, and character,
for the purpose of binding the faith of all parties
against a repeal or disturbance of it, on the ground
of alleged unconstitutionality, or on any other
ground. So it was received and acquiesced in
by the people of the United States. So it took
its place in the national history, and so it was
respected and maintained by all parties until 1854.
Congress, in that year, abrogated the beneficent
guarantee of freedom, and thus offered and ex-
posed the Territory of Kansas, as well as that of
Nebraska, to the inthision of slavery aijd slave
labor. BuJ Congress, nevertheless, replaced the
old covenant of impartial freedom and free labor,
with a guarantee that the inhabitants of Kansas,
when coming to organize the territorial govern-
ment after a model prescribed, should be perfectly,
free to establish freedom and free labor, and to
reject slavery and menial labor. No sooner had
this new Congress assembled, than it was made
known to us that the guarantee had failed; that,
in the very momentof her organization, an armed
foreign body entered the Territory, assumed an
attitude of actual war, usurped the franchises of
the citizens, seized the machine of Government,
and converted it into a tyranny marked by the
enforcement of despotic laws, by foreign legis-
lators, magistrates, and ministerial officers; and
that the President of the United States was main-
taining this despotism in Kansas with the armed
force of the United States. I brought these facts
to the notice of the Senate, together with the fact,
that the people of Kansas, free American citizens
as they were, unwilling to acquiesce in that ,
usurpation, and unable to submit to that despot-
ism, had assembled at Topeka, in the manner
customary on such occasions, and, in acknowl- j
edged subjection to the jurisdiction of the United f
States, organized themselves, provisionally, into
a State; and were, here, by representatives dele-
gated to both Houses, soliciting admission into
the Union. I submitted to the Senate that the
new State of Kansas ought to be admitted, not
because it would be always wise to admit what-
ever new States might come, and in whatever
manner they might come, nor yet because it
would have been wise, under other and different
circumstances, to- have admitted even Kansas
herself, but simply because Kansas was held
bound, hand and foot, under a foreign usurpation,
at the feet of the President of the -United States;
and that her admission now was not only a neces-
sary measure of relief and redress, but was the
only practicable and adequate one.
I urged her admission on the Senate upon three
distinct grounds. First, that it would secure
peace to Kansas and to the country, then fear-
fully threatened with commotion and civil war.
Secondly, that it would be the means of protect-
ing property, life, and liberty, within that Terri-
tory, then dangerously exposed. Thirdly, that
i it would be the means of bringing Kansas into
the Union as a free State, with the institutions of
free labor, in compliance with that original pledge
which once had been given the inhabitants of that
Territory, and afterwards revoked. I introduced
a bill for the admission of the new State of Kan-
sas, and advocated its passage on those grounds,
while I urged my objections against the bill re-
lating to the same subject, which had been pre-
; sented to the Senate by the Committee on Terri-
I tories. There I left the debate, and I return to it
now only because that committee have abandoned
their first bill, and adopted the one now under
consideration. I stand now by my own bill,
which I maintain to be preferable to the last bill
( of the committee, as it was to the first. Some
i honorable Senators seem to think that it is un-
reasonable that I do not give up my own bill, and
come down and accept the new one, which they
are inclined to treat as a compromise between my
own bill for the immediate admission of Kansas,
under the Topeka constitution, and the first bill
of the Committee on Territories. Why should
I surrender my own bill? If it was wise, just,
and necessary, when I presented it to the Senate,
it is as just, wise, ana necessary now. It was
wise, just, and necessary then, if the circum-
stances under which the constitution of Kansas
.was adopted were theh truly stated and set forth
by me, in my argument delivered in the Senate.
In making that argument, I had to rely on prob-
able evidence, for no other evidence then existed.
Now, a committee of the House of Representa-
tives, after having diligently inquired on oath,
have ascertained and confirmed the truth of the
circumstances of Kansas which I then assumed.
I state those circumstances anew, on the present
occasion, in the moderate and guarded conclu-
sions of the committee of the House of Represent-
atives:
" Spurious and pretended legislative, judicial, and exec-
utive officers have been set over them, by whose usurped
authority, sustained by the military power of the Govern-
ment, tyrannical" and unconstitutional laws have been
enacted and enforced;
" The rights of the people to keep and bear arms have
been infringed;
" Test oaths, of an extraordinary and entangling nature,
have been imposed as a condition of exercising the right of
suffrage and holding office;
" The right of an accused person to a speedy and public
trial by an impartial jury has been denied;
" The right of the people to be secure in their persons,
houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches
and seizures, has been violated;
" They have been deprived of life, liberty, and property,
without due process of law;
"The freedom of speech and of the press has been
abridged;
"The right to choose their representatives has been
made of no effect;
"Murders, robberies, and arsons, have been instigated
and encouraged, and the offenders have been allowed to go
unpunished;
" All these things have-been done with the knowledge,
sanction, and procurement, of the present Administra-
tion."
Why, then, under these circumstances, should
I abandon my own bill? The honorable Com-
mittee on Territories have shown me marked
attention, by bestowing some criticisms upon that
bill. They inform the Senate tjjat the bounda-
ries of the State of Kansas assigned by the bill
differ from the boundaries assigned by the Topeka
constitution. The explanation is a simple one.
My bill was drawn before the Topeka constitution
had reached the Senate—certainly before it had
reached me. To avoid all question on the sub-
ject of boundaries, I adopted those which were
assigned in the bill which had been reported from
the Committee on Territories.
Again, the learned committee express a doubt
in their report, whether my bill is framed so as to
admit the State of Kansas under the Topeka con-
stitution. I have only to say, in reply, that the
bill proposes that the State of Kansas shall be
admitted immediately. The State of Kansas cer-
tainly has no other constitution than the Topeka
1 one; and the bill in form is, mutatis mutandis,
identical with the law under which California
was admitted into the Union, and now holds her
place in the Confederacy. These, sir, are unim-
portant matters—matters of mere detail, unwor-
thy to dwell upon at this hour of the night, and
; at this period of the session of Congress.
I object to the new bill of the Committee on
, Territories, for weightier reasons than any of
! mere criticism on details. I confess, frankly,
that I regard.it as a bill of concession, if not of
compromise. Certainly it goes too far in its
concessions to the friends of freedom in Kansas,
to be identical with the bill which it has sup-
planted in the affections of the Committee on
Territories. It permits the people of Kansas to
come into the Union with such population as
they may have on the 4th of July next, instead of
obliging them to wait until they shall have a pop-
ulation of ninety-three thousand four hundred
and twenty souls. It seems at least also to waive
the previous proposition of .the Committee on
Territories, of an appropriation for extraordinary
expense to maintain peace and order, in subjec-
tion to the usurping authorities in Kansas. BuJ;,
while the bill goes so far, I object against it, that
it stops short of a remedy which would restore
peace, safety, and freedom, in Kansas.
I am not bound, by any previous committals,
to accept any bill which stops short of those
objects.
First, however, I inquire what substantial ob-
jection lies against my own bill ? There is only
one which is now seriously insisted upon, which
is, that the formation and adoption of th| Topeka
constitution were the acts, not of t™ whole
people, but of one political party—a portion of
the people of Kansas only. The honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia kays tha tthe constitution re-
ceived only seven hundred votes. It is true that
the free-State party instituted proceedings to call
a convention to decide whether it was expedient
to establish a provisional State, and also the pro*
ceedings to call a convention to frame the Con-
stitution. But they invited all parties, and all
the citizens of Kansas, to participate in the decis-
ion of every question which was thus brought
under discussion; and they provided that the pro-
ceedings should stand or fall, according to the will
of the people of Kansas, expressed through the
ballot-boxes in the customary way. By major-
ities, thus formally ascertained, the conventicyi
was called and held, and the constitution was
established and promulgated. Who else should
have called the convention, or instituted proceed-
ings towards the adoption of the constitution ?
Not Congress, for Congress had been silent on
the subject in the organic law. Not the Pres-
ident nor the Government, for neither had power.
Not the Territorial Legislature; that was the au-
thority which was to be subverted by substitu-
ting for it a Federal State. Not those who upheld
that Legislature, because they were content. It
is the party which needs and desires improve-
ment or innovation, in every State, that initiates
the proceedings by which it is to be effected. It
was unfortunate that the election for the adop-
tion of the constitution occurred only two days
after a new foray of the Missourians in the Ter-
ritory had terrified and alarmed the people, and
rendered it unsafe for the citizens of Kansas to
attend the polls, in all the districts throughout
the Territory.
This misfortune, however, resulted from no
fault of the convention, or of the majority who
adopted the constitution. The misfortune itself
lends strength to the application for the admis-
sion of the State. Ana there can be no mistake
