THE
. ■" 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2.
can be ho conceivable difference in the appropri-
ation required, except the difference between the
per diem compensation of the clerks and the an-
nual compensation, up to the 30th of June. ' The
cleric of the Committee of Ways and Means got
four doliars a day. I am not sure what the clerk
to ,thi$ committee in the Senate did get, but I
think about six dollars per day. ,Now, each one
is to receive $1,800 per annum. There cannot,
therefore, asl have said, be any considerable dif-
ference in the amount required.
Mr. LETCHER. As the chairman of the
Committee of "Ways and Means has remarked,
this appropriation is rendered necessary in con-
sequence of resolutions which passed the Senate
on the 8th and 17th of December, ]855, creating
these two officers as permanent officers of the
Seriate. Heretofore, as I have said, they have
received a per diem compensation, and that com-
pensation has been paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate. They are now, however, made
permanent officers, with an annual salary; and
hence this appropriation becomes necessary to
pay this regular compensation, arising as'a defi-
ciency, for the year expiring on the 30th of June,
1856.
Mr. HOUSTON. "Will the gentleman from
Virginia toll me, or tell the committee, what be-
comes of the money appropriated at the last Con-
gress for the purpose of paying the compensation
of these very officers ? There was an appropri-
ation made for paying the compensation of the
clerk of the Committee on Finance in the Senate,
and of the Chief Clerk of the Senate. They have
/been paid this per diem compensation, as I under-
stand it—at least, the money was appropriated
for this compensation; and it matters not whether
they receive it as per diem or annual compensa-
tion. How, then, does the deficiency arise ?
Mr. LETCHER. Will my friend from Ala-
bama be kind enough to point out the particular
item of appropriation to which he refers ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not the book before
me, but I presume, if the gentleman from Virginia
will consult it, he will find that at the last session
of Congress appropriations were made for the
payment of the compensation of the clerks of the
committees of the Senate.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman from Ala-
bama will look at the appropriations for last year,
he will find that those which were made for the
paymentof these officers were as temporary offi-
cers: they were not made for permanent officers
at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. They are the same officers.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; they ore additional
officers. Theyaie officers for whom no direct
annual appropriation has ever heretofore been
made. They have been paid heretofore, upon
the order of the Senate, out of their contingent
fund; but now they have been made permanent
officers, and the recommendation comes in for a
permanent annual allowance by way of compen-
sation for then* services. They now receive a
salary of $1,800 per annum, and the appropriation
which is here made is for $3,413, winch, I under-
stand it, is the deficiency in the means applicable
to their per diem allowance heretofore granted for
making up the amount of their annual compen-
sation up to the 30th of June, 1856.
Now, sir, in looking over the estimates for the
regular appropriations, I see no estimates specific-
ally for either of these clerks. { see- estimates
for so many clerks, messengers, &c., but no esti-
mates for any specific amount for any particular
officer, and therefore it was that, when these ad-
ditional officers were created by the resolution of
• the Senate at the present session, the deficiency
arose for the payment of their salaries.
Mr. HOUSTOjN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia discloses the lact which 1 know to exist, that
the money has been appropriated for the payment
of these very officers. Now, it is a matter that
we all understand perfectly, that this committee
in the Senate always have had a clerk, and that
he has been paid out of appropriations annually
made. We know that the money was appropri-
ated at the last Congress for the payment of his
compensation; what can be the difference whether
the money was appropriated for the payment to
these officers as a per diem compensation, or of a
permanentannual salary ? None, unless the differ-
ence consist in the fact that one amount is larger
than the other. That is not the explanation,
for it does not comport with the amount in the
%ill. ''
' The gentleman says that these payments have
been heretofore made out of the contingent fund.
If they have, then that contingent fund has the
money now. It is obliged to be in some appropria-
tion act, and it is in some of those acts. I have not
the estimates before me. I did not suppose that
this bill would be reached to-day, and left them
at my room. The money has been appropriated,
and it may be in the contingent fund.. 1 do not
pretend to say about that. If the gentleman will
look at the detailed estimates which have hereto-
fore been called for, and sent from the Secretary
of the Senate, he will find so much for clerks to
committees of that body.
A friend near me refers me to the appropriation
of 1855. It is to be found in the tenth volume of
JLittle & Brown's Statutes, at page 664. After
providing for binding, books, lithography, report-
ing, &c., we find, under the contingent expenses
appropriation, "for clerks to committees, police,
horses and carry-alls, $48,000." There is the
precise item of appropriation.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will suggest the fol-
lowing amendment, and hope it will meet with the
approbation of the gentleman from Virginia, as it
will obviate the objection of the gentleman from
Alabama:
Provided, That the permanent annual compensation of
the persons and officers in the first and second sections of
tins hill shall he ut full of all per diem compensation here-
tofore directed to bo paid to them ; and that said per-ons
and officers shall not be entitled to receive both said per-
manent and said per diem compensation.
Mr. LETCHER. They do not receive both
now. My friend from Alabama calls attention to
what I stated before, that there was an appro-
priation to meet the contingencies of the Senate,
tie says that these contingencies applied to those
who are not salaried officers, but who are in the
employment of that body. These clerks were in
the employment of the Senate during the session
of Congress at a per diem allowance; and aslong
as they hold the relation towards that body of
temporary clerks, their allowance could be paid
out of its contingent fund; but when they were
made pei manent officers of that body, established
as regular clerks at an annual compensation fixed
by law, then it bccame necessary for the Con-
gress of the United States to make an annual ap-
propriation to meet that expenditure My friend
from Alabama seems to be under the impression
that these clerks are not only receiving an annual
compensation of $1,800 per annum, but that they
are receiving for the same period a per diem com-
pensation.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not mean to convey
anv such idea.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, then, let us take the
converse. If they are not paid a per diem com-
pensation out of the contingent fund, and if they
cannot receive anything more thaa $1,800 peran-
num, then there can be no difficulty in regard to
the application of the money to these payments.
They can get but their $1,800, and they get it by
virtue of their permanent appointment; they get
only the annual salary fixed by the action of that
body. The Senate certify that there is this de-
ficiency. They state that the deficiency was
caused m the manner to which I have called at-
tention. This is all we can know about it. It
seems to me that it is sufficient to warrant the
committee in concurring in the appropriation.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 wish to make one addi-
tional remark to correct the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. When I have made the correction he will
see that his whole argument falls to the ground.
A simple resolution ol'the Senateorof the House
docs not make an officer a permanent salaried'
officer according to law. It is a temporary ap-
pointment. The compensation of the clerk to the
Committee of Ways and Means of this House is
no more fixed by law than is that of the clerk to
the Committee on the Judiciary. The resolution
in one case says that he shall get four dollars per
day for the time he is employed; and the resolu-
tion in the other that ho shall be employed at a
salary of <j,l,800 per annum. What is the differ-
ence ? When an office is to be created, and the
salary fixed by law, you will find that it is, and
ought always to be established in one of the reg-
ular laws which pass both Houses, and receive
the approval of the President of the United States.
The gentle man's lastargument does not, therefore,
hit the case at all. They are now no more perma-
nent officers than they were before. Their sala-
ries are no more established than they were be-
fore. The appropriation made before is just as
available now as before. It may be that the
clerks of the Senate get more than ours do. But
I do not wish to get up a controversy with the
Senate about any of these estimates for its own
contingent fund. The ground I have occupied
for the last four years has been the reverse of
that. I have got into the present discussion with
the gentlemen of the Ways and Means Commit-
tee, by simply inquiring how this deficiency could
grow up under the circumstances.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I am surprised at the dis-
cussion which has sprung up on this amendment
of the Senate. I imagine that we are all ready
to concede to the Senate the right to appoint their
own officers. Having that right, I presume that
they can fix the salaries of those officers. If they
can do those things, I, as a member of this House,
am not disposed to question any item of expendi-
ture in reference to the salaries of their clerks
which they may send here. We are told that
these clerks have been employed by that body,
and that it recommends the appropriation of this
money to pay them. That is sufficient for me,
and I will vote cheerfully for the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman has wholly
misconceived mjr point. No person has contended
for anything which he has combated. I certainly
have not. If his imagination has made a case
for him to reply to, I am happy that his reply
has been so successful.
Mr. PHELPS. I think the gentleman from
Alabama is laboring under a misapprehension in
reference to the amendment of the Senate under
consideration. At this very session of Congress
the Senate has appointed an additional chief
clerk, who is to havecharge of the executive busi-
ness, as I understand it. A n officer has been added
to the clerk's office as a permanent clerk. 1 do
not agree with my friend from Alabama in the
opinion that it is necessary that a law should be
passed in order to enable the Senate to establish
a permanent officer. The authority of each House
to appoint permanent officers is derived from the
Constitution, and is exercised throuffh the rules
which each House adopts. The Constitution
provides that we may elcct a Speaker and other
officers, and leaves it entirely under the control
of the House and the Senate to appoint officers
as they may think best. N'ow, by a resolution
adopted by the Senate, the Senate have created
one additional clerk, and the clerk to the Com-
mittee on Finance is made a permanent clerk,
lie now receives a salary per annum, though
during the last Congress he received a per diem
during the time he was employed.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it be true that there is an
additional officer created, that makes a very dif-
ferent matter of the whole thing.
Mr. LETCHER. There are two additional
officers created.
Mr. HOUSTON. If two additional officers
have been created in the Senate, that is an expla-
nation to that extent. But the resolution, as I
understand it, made permanent two officers who
were then in existence—a chief cleric and a clerk
to the Committee on Finance. If they have ap-
propriated to other purposes the clerks then m
existence, and if they have created two additional
clerks, that presents a very different case from the
one which has been before the House. AH I
wanted was an explanation. I am not going to
quarrel with the contingencies of the Senate.
We have enough to do to take care of our own.
Mr. UNDEItWOOD. I apprghend that there
is no serious difficulty between the two gentle-
men. The only question suggested to my mind,
by the remarks of the gentleman from Alabama,
is, that he thinks that under the operation of this
bill there is a possibility that these individuals
might be authorized to draw double compensa-
tion. Certainly that is not the intention of the
Committee of Ways and Means; and to obviate
the construction to that effect, which might pos-
sibly be put upon it; I submit an amendment m
the shape of a proviso, which, I think, will re-
move all objection, and will relieve the bills from
the embarrassment under which it now exists.
The amendment is in these words:
Provided, That th  permanent annual compensation of
the peisons and officers In the first and second sections of
