1526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 1,
Mr. ORR. I yield to the gentleman. -
Mr. CAMPBELL. I concur entirely in the
remarks made by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens] on this point; and with a view
to settle facts which have an important bearing
on the question of order, I will ask the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] who has taken
the floor to a question of privilege, whether the
communication which he is about to make to the
House involves the right of any person to a seat
on this floor ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina is entitled to the floor, and can only be
interrupted by his consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman from
South Carolina will allow my question to be an-
swered.
Mr. ORR. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. The report which I desire
make  
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) • 1 desire to under-
stand this matter. If the gentleman from Mich-
igan merely wishes to state whether there is a
matter of privilege involved in his report, I have
no objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That is all I ask.
Mr. HOWARD. The report which we wish
to present is a summary of facts. A very large
proportion of those facts relate directly to the
rights of the sitting Delegate fiom Kansas and die
contestant. A large part of the evidence and of
the facts collected relate to the alleged election of
the sitting Delegate, and have a direct bearing
upon that question.
Mr. LETCHER. With the consent of my
friend from South Carolina, I should like to make
an inquiry of the gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. OftR. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know of the
fentleman from Michigan, whether the testimony
efore the committee is concluded now? And
whether testimony was not taken this morning,
with the understanding that further testimony
was to be taken to-morrow ?
Mr. HOWARD. I understand, Mr. Speaker,
that the testimony of a single witness was taken
this forenoon. In consequence of"ill health, I was
not present, but a quorum of the committee were
present. I also understand, that it is the desire
of Mr. Oliver to add the testimony of the Speaker
of this House, which It ie proposed to take to-day.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well. Then, Mr.
Speaker, I desire to inquire whether, if the re-
port be received now, it does not put an end tcr
this investigation ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan dan make a report in part; but, if it shall be
stated that the report is complete and full, no
secondary report can be admitted, unless by
further order of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina has the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is true; but the
Speaker seems to have made another ruling upon
another point, on which 1 propose to take an ap-
peal. Ihe Chair, I understand, decides that the
speciaj committee sent to Kansas is authorized
to maKe paitkil reports, withoutany such author-
ity being contained in the resolution by which
the committee was raised.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not made
that decision. The Chay; only replied to the in-
quiry of the gentleman ftom Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher.]
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I underwood the
Chair to make that sort of decision. If that de-
cision was made I propose to show that it is not
corrcct.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not made
that decision.
Mr. ORR. I have said, Mr. Speaker, all that
I desire to sa"y with reference to tins question of
order. On two grounds I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair, ruling that the report is in order.
Mr. BOCOCIC. That is a debatable question,
is it not ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BOCOCIC. I have but a word or two to
say, Mr. Speaker, lhave not troubled the House
much; but it seems to me to be clear, in the view
which I take of this question, that the facts of
the case have not suggested themselves to the
mind of the Speaker, or to the minds of other
gentlemen who disagree with me. I was engaged
in conversation with some friends over the way
when the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] made his suggestions; but that gentle-
man, and the Speaker of the House, will remem-
ber that all this thing about privileged questions,
and questions of privilege, arise on the Manual,
and not under the rules of the House. Will the
gentleman from Georgia, or the Speaker, show
me in the rules of the House of Representatives
where there is any distinction taken between ques-.
tions of privilege and privileged questions? Bear
that now in mind. The Manual, then, is our
guide—how far? The Manual is our guide only
to the extent that it is not repealed or contradicted
by the rules of the House. So far, then, as the
rules of the House come in conflict with the
Manual, the Manual is set aside. Let us see!
Here is the rule by which we have adopted Jef-
ferson's Manual, and I ask theN attention of the
House and of the Speaker to it:
"The rules of parliamentary practice comprised in Jef-
ferson's Manual shall govern the House in all eases to which
they are applicable, and in which they are not inconsistent
with the standm;' rules and orders oj'the House, and joint
rules of the {Senate and House of Representatives."
Now, it will be seen at once that, whenever a
rule of the House comcs in and sets aside a rule
of the Manual, the House is governed by the
rule of the House and not by the Manual. It is
here expressly stated that the rules of the Manual
shall govern, unless where they are contradicted
by the rules of the House. Now, here is the
Manual. Now I come to the rule of the House,
which has been quoted several times, first by the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] and
then by the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Okr:]
"When a motion lias been once made and carried in the
affirmative m ue^.uivc, it shall be m onlei lor any member
of the majority to move fin the reconsideration thoioof, on
the same or *ueeeedin<,' day, and such motion rdiall take
precedence oi all other questions, except a motion to ad-
journ, and shall not be withdiawn after the said succeeding
day, without the consent of the House ; and thereafter any
membei may call it up for consideration."
Mr. CARLILE. I desire to ask my colleague
how it is that, when there was a pending question
here before the House, it was shoved aside to
allow the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. How-
ard] to present his report? I think thatisapoint
of order which might be well taken.
Mr. BOCOCK. That is the very point we
were all arguing. [Laughter.] It is contended
on the other side that this report is a question of
higher privilege, and consequently that it can set
aside questions of lower privilege, which were
already before the House. That is what I deny.
I say that this rule, which gives priority to ques-
tions of personal privilege, is a rule founded on
the Manual, and that the rules of the House have
come m arid altered that, and declared that a mo-
tion to reconsider shall take precedence of all
other questions except a motion to adjourn. A
note is appended to this rule which shows how
it came to be adopted; and it relates somewhat
to the question which we have up here. A prop-
osition was submitted to the House in 18*20
m relation to the admission of Missouri into the
Union—a question constituting a part of what
was called the Missouri compromise. Mr. Ran-
dolph, a distinguished Representative from the
State of Vitgiiua, occupied the ground of oppo-
sition to that Missoun compromise. He determ-
ined the next day after its passage to move to
reconsider one part of the plan, for he believed
that, by reconsidering that, lie could get at the-
reconsideration of the whole matter. lie submit-
ted the motion to reconsider, and was informed
by the Speaker of the House—Mr. Clay, of Ken-
tucky—that there was a question then before
the House which stood m the way of submitting
a motion to reconsider. He had then to wait
until that matter was disposed of; but when he
rose again to submit his motion to reconsider, he
was informed that it was too late, as the bill had
gone out of the possession of the House. Then
came this rule for the purpose of securing to
every member of the Iiouse, at any time he
might choose to make it, the right to move to
reconsider before the bill is earned out of the
House, and that he is not to be delayed in that
right by the interposition of any other question
except the question to adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS. That refers solely to the
presentation of the motion, not to acting upon it.
It was to secure the great right, within a limited
time, of entering the motion to reconsider, which
is our usunl practice.
Mr. BOCOCK. I admit that that is the prac-
tice of the House, but it is a matter of practice
entirely. I was coming to that part of it at the
time the gentleman rose to submit his suggestion.
As it is often very inconvenient, when any other
"question is up, for a motion to reconsider to be
brought forward and pressed to a vote in the
House, the usage has, by common consent, been
agreed to that amotion to reconsidermay be sub-
mitted, and being submitted, it is generally, by •
the practice of the House, postponed and called
up afterwards. But if you look at the language
of the rule, you will find that that is a question
of practice and agreement^ and is not founded
upon a rule:
" When a motion has been once made, and carried in the
affirmative or negative, it shall be in order for any member
of the majority to move for the reconsideration thereof on
the same or succeeding day."
It does not say that it shall not be considered.
If you look at the rule which gives you the right
to submit a motion, you will find that that carries
with it the right to consider the motion at the
time, unless there be some other rule saying that
it shall not be considered. ' I say, then, that the
rule gives the right to submit the motion, and
there is nothing in the rule to show that the right
is confined to the mere matter of submitting it.
Here, then, this matter is a question of privilege,
and under the rule of the House it is made to take
precedence of every other motion except a motion
to adjourn. The attempt now made is to bring
forward a motion which, it is said, is a motion
of personal privilege which, under the Manual,
becomes a privileged question, but under the rule
is not. "There is no motion which under the rule
takes precedence of this, except the motion to
adjourn. The language of the rule is—
'-And euch motion shall take pieeedenee of all other
question*, except amotion to adjourn, and thereafter any
membei may call it up for consideiation."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The question
now before the House is, I believe, upon the ap-
peal taken by the gentleman from South Carolina.
I move to lay the appeal upon the table, and call
the yeas and nays upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ask the in-
dulgence of the House to make a statement of
the grounds ujron which his decision is based.
The considerations presented by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bococx,] upon the appeal
taken by the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,] based upon the 56th rule, present
no difficulty whatever to the Chair. It is a rule
which provides for the reception (within a lim-
ited time) of motions to reconsider. The lan-
guage of the rule is explicit, and cannot be mis-
understood; and the practice of the House every
day, at every session, accords with that* rule.
The language of the rule is:
u "When a mof'on ha* been once made, and carried in
the affirmative or negative, it shall be in oider for any
member of the majority to mm-e for ihe reconsideration
thereof on the same or the succeeding day.'1
If any other subject is before the House differ-
ing from that to which the motion to reconsider
relates, the motion to reconsider must still be
received and entered upon the Journal, but can-
not be reconsidered until the business before the
House has been disposed of. That is the rule,
and that has been the constant practice of the
House under the rule. If the Chair had stated
that other business was before the House this
morning, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Barclay] would have been entitled to the floor
to submit the motion, but could not have demanded
its consideration until such time as it should be
the pleasure of the House to take it up. The gen-
tleman from South Carolina will recollect that
such hps been the steady practice of the House.
Mr. ORR. Will the Speaker explain his deci-
sion upon the next clause of the rule?
The SPEAKER. With pleasure. The clause
to which the gentleman from South Carolina has
directed the attention of the Chair is this: And
such motion shall take precedence of all other
questions except a motion to adjourn." The
Chair understands this clause to give a motion to
rcconsider'preccdence over any motion relative
to the subject to which the motion to reconsidcr
