192
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Reid.
Senate.
t&ining the qualifications of electors, and con-
ducting the elections, is to be confided to a com-
mission appointed by the President of the United
States, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate. I have already seen who was first ap-
pointed Governor of the Territory by the Presi-
dent and Senate, and how, and upon what
grounds,he was removed by the President; and
who was appointed his successor by the Presi-
dent and Senate, and how,and upon what grounds,
he is retained by the President. I have also seen
who were appointed judges and marshals for the
Territory by the President and Senate, and how,
and upon what grounds, they are still retained in ,
office by the President. I have seen how the
Governor, judges, and marshals, have plunged
the Territory into all the horrors of anarchy and
civil war, in an effort, to compel the people to
relinquish the right of self-government, or to flee
from the Territory for their lives. I want no
more civil agents within the Territory appointed
by the present President of the Unitea States. |
I said, when I addressed the Senate in April last, i
that Kansas was brought to a state of revolution
by the oppressions of the President of the United
States, and had assumed an attitude of revolu-
tion, which was tolerated,indeed,by the Consti-
tution, but was, nevertheless, an attitude of revo-
lution; and that in this, as in all revolutions, the
evil could only be corrected by separating the
oppressed altogether from their political relations
to the oppressor. I say the same thing now.
I will not dwell minutely on other objections
which have been justly raised by my associates
here. I am content to say, in general terms, that
the President of the United States has perpetrated
a coup d'etat, by which the territorial constitution,
given to the people of Kansas by the Congress of
the United States, has been absolutely subverted;
that the President holds absolute power over that
people, in the name and the form, indeed, of
spurious, legislative, ministerial, ana judicial au-
thorities; that slavery is practically established
there already by force; that a portion of the peo-
ple are slain, while a larger portion have been
expelled from the Territory Dy force; that the
freedom of speech and of the press, and the per-
sonal inviolability of the electors, as well as the
purity of the ballot-box, are subverted, while the
leaders of the party of freedon are either'dispersed
beyond the Territory, or imprisoned within it,
on charges of pretended crimes. The elector can
only reach the polls and deposit his vote under
the protection of the Army of the United States.
The circumstances are parallel, almost to the
point of coincidence, with those which attended
t9e election by which the Republicans of Prance
invested Louis Napoleon with the powers of an
absolute despotism. Fix a day upon which the
people of Kansas shall decide between slavery
and freedom, and, from that day, what remains
of free population will be spirited away. A new
and factious immigration of pro-slavery electors j
will rush into the Territory from adjacent slave :
States. Order and silence will indeed prevail. I
The elector will receive his ballot at the hands of j
the soldiers who have restored the Territory to |
this condition of quiet and peace; and the count- |
ing of the ballots will tell the simple story that !
the Missouri territorial usurpation is adopted i
and converted into a State sovereignty, by the j
voice of the enslaved people of Kansas. ;
Here is a premonition of the manner in which ;
*; • 7?,, tate convention would be obtained under
""{• ^ i® an extract from the testimony of!
Colonel John Scott, of St. Joseph's, Missouri, j
£'veJL before the committee of investigation of
the House of Representatives, and will be found
in their report:
'' It is my intention, and the intention of a great many other
Missounans, now resident in Missouri, whenever the sla-
very issue! is to be determined upon by the people of this Ter-
n &' Jp ® adoption of the State constitution, to remove
to this Territory m time to acquire the right to become legal
voters upon that question. The leading purpose of our in-
tended removal to the Terntory is to determine the domes-
tic institutions of this Terntory, when it comes to be a
State; and we would not come but for that purpose and
would never think of coming here but for that purpose. I
believe there are a great many in Missouri who are so sit-
uated."
We are assured, indeed, that the bill shall be
so modified as to allow the electors who have fled
the Territory to return. Who can vouch for the
ability of those poor emigrants, scattered over
the free States, to return to their homes in the
Territory, even if they should be so disposed ?
None can be safe in the Territory without arms,
or being alone. None can return to the Terri-
tory in numbers, and with arms, because armed
parties are disarmed, and sent back by the army
of the United States.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Crittenden] asks me whether I will do nothing
—whether nothing shall be done to compose this
fatal strife in Kansas, which, he says, no one has
depicted in deeper colors than myself? I answer,
Yes. I will vote for the admission of Kansas
into the Union, under the Topeka constitution.
That measure, and that measure only, will
restore peace and harmony, while it will rescue
freedom from peril. Take that measure. If
such a thing is possible as turning a free State
into a slave State, you will yet have the oppor-
tunity to do so, if the welfare of Kansas, and of
our common country, should seem to you to
require it. If you will not adopt that measure, it
will then remain for you to propose another
remedy ; but it must be more just and more tole-
rant of freedom than either of those which you
have already submitted to the Senate, and it
must surrender all the vantage ground in the
Territory which slavery has acquired by fraud
or force. If this bill, now before the Senate, is
your ultimatum, then the people of Kansas must
trust to that change of public sentiment and of
public opinion now going on throughout the Uni-
ted States, which, although it has yet to acquire
the strength of habit and the power of complete
organization, nevertheless, I think,is sure enough
to break all the fetters which have been already
fastened upon them, and all that remain within
the forge of Executive despotism. To the peo-
ple of Kansas, and to every advocate of their
cause, in this the crowning trial of their fidelity,
I say, in the language of the rule I have adopted
for the government of my own conduct,
Let thy scope
Be one fix'd mind for all; thy rights approve
To thy own conscience gradually renewed;
Learn to make Time the father of wise Hope ;
Then trust thy cause to the arm of Fortitude,
The light of Knowledge, and the warmth of Love."
Mr. REID. I have forborne, sir, to say any-
thing in regard to this important question, be-
cause I deemed it unnecessary to do so; but per-
haps I should not perform my duty were I not to
say what I honestly believe in regard to this sub-
ject. I think, if there is anything that is per-
fectly clear, it is that the framers of the Consti-
tution intended that the several States of this
Union should regulate and control their domestic
institutions according to their own will. I under-
stand the Senator from New York, [Mr. Sew-
ard,] and those who act with him, to take the
ground that they are opposed to slavery. Whether
the Territory of Kansas shall become a free or a
slave State, will not make one slave more or less;
then the opposition to Kansas being admitted
into the Union as a slave State, is not because,
by its being a slave State, the number of slaves is
to be increased. The Senator from New York,
and those other Senators to Whom I have referred,
take the ground that, under the Constitution,
neither the Congress of the United States, nor
any of the States of the Union in which slavery
does not exist, have a right to interfere with it
where it does exist; but while they say this, the
Senator from New York has to-night proclaimed
that his object in admitting no more slave States
into the Union is to compel those States to eman 
cipate their slaves at an earlier day than they
would otherwise do. Here, then, the Senator
from New York has proclaimed the doctrine that
it is the avowed object of himself, and those who
act with him, to do, by indirection, that which
the Constitution of the United States expressly
forbids them to do.
Now, Mr. President, permit me to say—and I
give it as a solemn conviction of my judgment—
that whenever a majority of the people of the
northern States become prepared to indorse the
doctrine which has been avowed by the Senator
from New York, this Union cannot last an hour
longer. Believing this solemnly, as I do, I think ..
I do no more than discharge a duty which*! owe ' I can
to our friends at the North, frankly to say to them,
that, if they adopt this doctrine, and pursue this
policy, a dissolution of the Union must and will
1 ensue.
1 yield to no man in my devotion to a Union,
according; to the Constitution; but when the Con-
!' stitution of the United States is to be trampled
| under foot, and become a dead letter, no longer
to be preserved, this Union cannot last; and I
desire to say to the Senators representing the
; North, if you wish to preserve this Union, meet
us in the spirit in which our revolutionary an-
cestors met in a common cause in defense of
liberty; meet us in the spirit in which the framers
of the Constitution met and framed a Constitu-
tion, discarding all local questions, placing them-
selves upon a common ground, to perpetuate the
principles of freedom among white men, and to
establish a Government of freedom and prosperity
which has had no parallel on the face of the
earth. I invoke northern Senators, and the people
of the North, to go home and take care of their,
own race there. If you have blacks, as there are
in most of the free States, extend to them your
charity and philanthropy, but let us alone, and
let our colored population alone, for they are well
fed and well clothed. If they are to us an injury,
if they retard our prosperity, we shall, in good
time, discover it, and you cannot drive us into
; the emancipation of our slaves until we choose
to accomplish it by our own free will. You make
a great mistake, for, as you increase the violence
of agitation on this subject, so in proportion you
retard emancipation. You cannot drive freemen
into your notions. We do not go among you to
interfere with the rights of your property; we do
not go among you to lecture you in regard to
, your duty at home; we do not go among you to
excite a portion of your population to rebellion
and insurrection; we simply ask you to let us
alone as we let you alone. But this doctrine*
that you will not give an equal opportunity to
people from all parts of the Union to occupy a
Territory and form a State constitution according
to thrfh" own will, because you desire to force us to
do a thing .which the Constitution of the United
States forbids you to do, will not be tolerated.
Mr. President, I rose merely for the purpose
of warning our friends at the North that, if they
desire the perpetuation of this Union, and the
maintenance of free institutions, they should be
I careful not to adopt and to carry into execution
; the views entertained by the Senator from New
York, the Senator from Massachusetts, and those
who cooperate with them; for as certainly as any-
thing can possibly be, if that state of things is to
be forced upon the South, this Union cannot last,
and the proudest Government and the happiest
people upon the face of the earth may find them-
selves in anarchy and confusion, and the fairest
hopes of those who are the advocates of free gov-
ernment throughout the earth must be blasted
and destroyed forever. I am no alarmist. I have
not risen for the purpose of threatening a disso-
lution of the Union. I trust this Union may last
as long as time endures; but I know that if these
sentiments which have been avowed, and which
gentlemen threaten they will carry out, are per-
sisted in, this Government cannot last. Believing
so, Mr. President, I have felt it to be my duty to
say so.
Mr. WILSON. I want to put a question to
' the honorable Senator from North Carolina, be-
fore he takes his seat. I want to know precisely
what he means. Does he mean to say, that if
the people of the United States, the free people
of the United States, elect a majority of the House
of Representatives, and secure, in a few years, a
majority of the Senate, and electa President of
the United States, so as to place the executive
and legislative branches of the Government in tne
hands of men who believe that the Constitution
of the United States gives the National Govern-
ment power to govern the Territories of e l-
ted States so as to prohibit theexis enc -
very in them, and that power shall be exercised-
the southern slaveholding States will go out of
^Mr^REID I will answer the Senator from
Massachusetts, and I will am werJam in this
way. I think that no candid and impartial man
can have witnessed this discussion and the turn
