U2S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
Understand that the committee are willing to sub-
mit their report to-day m part, or do they insist
on submitting it as a full report? I ask the ques-
tion bccausc, if they propose to submit it as a
report in part, and not to have it read, 1 will with-
draw the appeal, although I believe the grounds
of the appeal to be right.
Mr. HOWARD. I will answer the gentleman
with great pleasure. So far as the committee are
concerned, we desire to close this thing here now,
finally, but to accommodate our colleague, [Mr,
Oliver,] although we wish to make no addition
to our repoit, no addition to our testimony, and
although the additional testimony that he desires
to take is cumulative, and we will admit every
fact that he proposes to prove, yet, for the sake
of leaving it open, that we may this afternoon
take the deposition of the Speaker of this House,
and perhaps of the President of the United States,
and for the accommodation of the parties who feel
an interest in this matter, we are willing that the
report shall be considered as m part, if the House
■will receive it and have it read ?
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. You do not surely
want it read ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, read right off.
Mr. MARSHALL, (pointing to a large pile of
documents on Mr. Howard's desk.) What,.'ill
of that?
Mr. HOWARD. No, not all of it. We are
willing to make the report 111 part, not expecting
even to add a word ton. Jiut we arc willing that
the matter shall be left open, so that our colleague
may have the benefit uf his additional testimony,
and that his minority report mtiy come in in his
own good time.
The SPEAKER. Debute is not in order.
Mr.OLIVER. I desire to state, as has already
been remarked by one of my colleagues on the
committee, that our last session was held at
Westport. And I desire also to state that, after
•we left Westpoi't, the majonty of the committee
did hold sessions elsewhere, and that they took
depositions at Lexington, at St. Louis, and at
New York. Now, if the last session was held
at Westport, as I undoistood my colleague to
•ay, I would like to know how it id that they
took depositions and incorporated them in tins
report?
Mr. CADWALADER. Will the gentleman
from Missouri permit me to ask him whether
what the gentleman from Michigan now offers
as a report was ever submitted for adoption at a
meeting of the committee?
Mr. OLIVER. On no occasion.
Mr. CADWALADER, There was no meet-
ing of the committee at which this report was
submitted ?
Mr. OLIVER. I will state further, that in
making these remarks 1 ha\e no disposition to
embarrass the action of my colleagues on the
committee, or of the House, on this question;
nor is it for the purpose of begging any further
indulgence of my colleagues, or of the members
of this House, in regard to it. Put, when I sepa-
rated'from my colleagues at Camden, in Mis-
souri, they started for Detroit and the East,
taking depositions on the way at Lexington, at
St. Louis, and then at New York. I was not
with them, and did not know, nor had I any
right to anticipate, the character of their report.
They did not inform me, when wo separated,
what would be the character of that import. I
did. not see them afterwards until we met m this
city; and it was then, for the first time, that I
was informed that they had a report prepared,
and that the points contained in that report, and
the grounds on which they intended to rest then-
side of the question, were indicated to mo. How
Was it possible, then, for me to prepare a minority
report, without knowing the character of the
report of the majority? Had I any right to
anticipate that there would be a disagreement
between us, and that they would prepare a report
upon the evidence in winch I could not concur?
I will state, Mr. Speaker, to the House—not
intending to reflectm the least degree on my col-
leagues, for they do not deserve it at my hands
in that regard—that, having arrived in the city
on Saturday, and Monday being the earliest
period at which 1 could sec their report, I have
had no time or opportunity to examine it as care-
fully as such a report should be examined, to
enable me to determine whether it is correct or
incorrect, and whether the deductions drawn
from the testimony are authorized or not.
Mr. SHERMAN, (interrupting.) I desire to
ask the. gentleman a question. We arrived here
on Saturday morning. Our colleague arrived
here on Saturday evening. I will ask him now
to state to the House whether, on Saturday
evening, within a very short time after he arrived,
I did not inform him that the report was pre-
pared, and at his disposal?
Mr. OLIVER. The gentleman did; but I
arrived by the seven o'clock train, wearied and
worn by the trip. The next day was the Sab-
bath day, and I did not choose to enter into such
an investigation on the Sabbath day. I have too
much respect for the Sabbath.
One other remark. When I went to my home,
I spent but a few days there attending to some
of my domestic affairs, having been absent in the
Territory some two months; and whatever time I
might have had under other circumstances to
examine and analyze the evidence, and come to
some conclusion on it, I was prevented from so
doing by the action of my colleagues at Lexing-
ton—or rather not by their action, but by the
nature and chaiactrr of some testimony that they
there took, without my having the least intima-
tion that any such evidence was to be taken at
that point,, which involved mo personally.
One of my colleagues kindly sent me copies of
that deposition, about which I knew nothing,
and my time was occupied fyoin then until I left
home m hunting up testimony to clear my own
skirts, and vindicate my own honor, as a man,
from the aspersion cast upon it by a deposition
which they procured in Lexington. That depo-
sition was, that in a speech which I math* at the
convention at Lexington, m June, 1855, 1 stated
that I was in Kunsas at the election of the 30th
of iVTarch, and voted at that election, and that I
justified that vote. The witness testified that 1
made that admission in a speech at Lexington.
When I received that deposition I lingered be-
hind, injustice to myself, in justice to the posi-
tion I occupied on the committee, and m justice
to truth, to procure the depositions of honorable
men that that statement was ail unmitigated false-
hood; and 1 have shown it lo be so. Pefore I
came to this portion of the country that false
statement was heralded forth through the news-
papers, and especially m the New York Tribune;
m that paper my conduct, or supposed conduct,
was animadverted on with great warmth. I take
pleasure in saying that since I came here my col-
leagues have evinced no disposition to fix upon
me any matter that would place me in a false
position, or compromise my honor as a man.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will explain that matter
to the satisfaction of my colleague. It is true that
we did take the testimony of two witnesses at
Lexington. One of those witnesses did testify
as my colleague has stated. Immediately, that
very night, I had a copy of that deposition writ-
ten out and sent to him; and I will state this to
the House and to my colleague, that from papers
which he has shown to me, upon testimony, and
upon an examination of the poll-books, I am sat-
isfied, and the committee have leported, that Ma-
jor On\ dr. did not vote at the election in Kansas;
and my colleague knows the fact that we have so
reported.
Mr. OLIVER. Certainly; I am merely explain-
ing for my own justification.
Mr. SHERMAN. We could not suppress the
testimony. It came out incidentally. We took it,
and sent a copy of it to our colleague, and m our
report declared that we were convinced, from the
other testimony before us, that there must have
been some misunderstanding or mistake in this
statement of that witness.
Mr. OLIVER. It was for that reason,as pre-
liminary to our further action in relation to the
matter, that I desired to have this House and the
country understand that that testimony was false.
1 have proven it to be so, and to the satisfaction
of my colleagues; and they have included in that
report the statement that I did not vote, but that
the speech which 1 made in Kansas was concil-
iatory and conservative, as proven by one of their
Free-Soil witnesses.
The question being on the motion to lay on
the table the appeal taken by Mr. Orr from the
decision of the Chair—
Mr. DUNN. Allow metoinquire what, if the
gentleman from South Carolina withdraw his
appeal, will then be the sole question before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. The presentation of the re-
port of the committee.
Mr. DUNN. Well, that is an application in
the nature of a motion.
The SPEAKER. The report will be sub-
mitted by the Chair; and it will be for the House
to decide what disposition shall be made of it.
Mr. DUNN. I have no doubt that all gentle-
men desire to act fairly in this matter; and I pro-
pose, by way of accommodation—if it meet the
views of all gentlemen—that the gentleman from
Missouri have leave to submit his minority report
at his convenience. That is fair and just. If that
be accepted, I hope the gentleman from South
Carolina will not press his appeal.
Mr. HOUSTON. So far as I am concerned,
Mr. Speaker, I do not know but that that maybe
acceptable to me. I desire now, however, to
present for the consideration of the Chair the
point which was alluded to,and,as I understand,
decided by the Chair a few moments ago. If the
House understood the ruling or the intimation of
the Chair on the other point of the case, that
would certainly dispose of the question, and save
a great deal of time. I propose now to make the
point—if it be competent for me now to do so—
that the resolution by which the committee was
raised requires expressly that the committee
shall examine each and every witness that may
be furnished them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
the gentleman from Alabama to be raising a new
question of order. That is certainly out of order
until the other question is disposed of.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was stating the point to
save time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has a right to state the point of order which
he makes.
Mr. HOUSTON. The point of order which I
intended to present was this, that although the
majority of the committee may themselves have
agreed upon their report, yet the fact is developed
to the House beyond controversy—is not only
insisted on by the minority, but admitted by the
majority of the committee—that the testimony is
not closed; and, as an evidence of the fact, an
order has been made to take testimony to-mor-
row, or fit some period not named. I present the
point that the committee, not having, under the
resolution, closed its labors, that report cannot
be made. If the Chair sustains the question wh'ich
1 present, then, as a matter of course, it is a
termination of the whole case.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The other
point of order must be disposed of first.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the object of the gentle-
man from Illinois be to consume time, he is pur-
suing the proper course.
The SPEAKER. The appeal pending must
be first disposed of.
Mr. GROW. One word as to this testimony
being concluded. The minority report of any
committee can be made only by the consent of
the House. If the House consent, then, of course,
this testimony can be taken the same as if the com-
mittee had not reported.
Air. HOUSTON. I was not speaking of the
minority report at all. I was speakiug of the
duties of the committee.
A Member objected to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, ob-
jection being made.
| Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire informa-
| tion of the Chair as to a fact in this connection.
Do I understand that this report has been adopted
after its submission to the committee?
The SPEAKER. That is a question which
has been raised by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston';] but it it* not yetbcforc the House.
The question now before the House is, is the re-
port a privileged matter, which may supersede
the ordinary business of this day's session? The
Chair decides that it is a privileged question.
Mr. ORR. I understand the gentleman from
Michigan [Air. Howard] to acquiesce m the
suggestion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Dunn.]
Air. HOWARD. I have not learned what it
was.
Mr DUNN. It is that the gentleman from
