1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1529
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] withdraw his appeal;
that the majority of the committee now submit
their report, and let it go to the printer; and that
by general consent indulgence be given to the
gentleman from Missouri to submit his report—
say any time next week; and that he also haVe
the additional privilege, as a matter of course, of
examining witnefges. I make the suggestion
simply to facilitate business, and to treat all parties
with fairness.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Indiana. It is that
the report be received; that it be ordered to be
printed; and that the gentleman from Missouri
being a minority of the committee, shall have the
consent of the House to make a minority report
at a future day.
Mr. WAStlBURN, of Maine. Within one
week.
Mr. DUNN. Say ten days.
The SPEAKER. And that he also have power
to examine additional witnesses.
Mr; GRO VV. If the report be read, I presume
there will be no objection to that.
Mr. HICKMAN. . I object.
Mr. ORR. Then I cannot withdraw my appeal.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. 1 ask if it is now
in order to move to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
• The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order to move a
call of the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I make that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the consent of the
House to make a personal explanation. My col-
league [Mr. Oliver] was understood on this side
of the House to state that the committee went to
different points, taking testimony without his
knowledge.. Several members here so understood
him. I wish to state the facts. When we separated
from our colleague, it was distinctly understood
that we—the majority of the committee—were to
go to some convenient point to write out a ma-
jority report. We understood that we could not
agree then. My colleague says that he did not so
understand it.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I desire to say 
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot be interrupted; I
will pursue the narrative of events just as they
occurred. I was saying, that it was agreed that
the majority of the committee should go to some
convenient point to write out our report. It was
impossible to do it in the Territory, in its dis-
turbed condition.
My colleague from Michigan was sick and
unable to transact any business; he was scarcely
able to travel. He requested both myself and
my other colleague to come with liim to Detroit,
where lie resided. My colleague lrom Missouri
stated that he had important business to attend
to at home. He had a copy of the testimony,
made out by the employes of the committee at
a vast expense, as will be seen by the amount of
testimony reported, which was left with him.
When we separated from him, it was ascertained
that there were certain depositions of which he
had no copy. We had them copied, as far as
practicable. The gentleman from Missouri will
recollect that he stated to us that there were sev-
eral of the depositions of which he did not care
to have copies.
As I have stated, he declined accompanying us
to Detroit. He staid behind, as we understood,
for the purpose of preparing a minority report.
Before leaving him, we notified him of our inten-
tion to take depositions at St. Louis, at Detroit,
and at New York. Whilst at Lexington, we
met on the boat one of the witnesses whose depo-
sitions we had proposed to take at St. Louis. His
name had been given to us, but we did not know
the precise nature of his evidence, but understood
that it was in leference to the organization of a
secret society in Missouri to control the elec-
tions in Kansas. We took liis depositions.
When we arrived at St. Louis, we took the depo-
sitions of two witnesses. At Detroit we took
no depositions. A-t New York we took the
depositions of two witnesses, relating to the action
of the emigrant aid society-—strictly rebutting
testimony only. A copy of all the testimony was
furnished to my colleague from Missouri, tit the
earliest practicable moment, cxcept so much as
he stated he did not care to have. We took no
depositions except under such arrangement as was
made between liim and us, except in the case I
have alluded to, when we met the witness on the
boat; and, if I mistake not, the witness himself
lived only some twenty miles from the residence
of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. OLIVER. Only eight miles.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague says the wit-
ness lived only eight miles from him. We took
his deposition at Lexington, and did not require
him to go to St. Louis.
Thatis a simple statement of the facts as they
occurred. When we came here we expected to
meet the gentleman from Missouri. As soon as
the gentleman arrived we presented our report
to him for his examination. He stated that he
wished to take additional testimony; that he
wished to examine the Speaker of the flouse, and
one of its members, to which we assented. A
portion of the testimony taken at New York had
reference to the President of the United States, a
copy of which has been presented to him, and
the opportunity will be given to him to reply be-
fore the committee if he desires it.
I will state here that, if my colleague from Mis-
souri did not receive a full copy of the testimony,
it was because he stated that he did not desire it;
and that the majority carried out, in every re-
spect, their understanding of the arrangement
when we parted in Missouri, with the exception
of the examination of the witness whom we met
on the boat. I did not understand the gentleman
to attribute any unfairness to the action of the
majority of the committee, but several gentlemen
on this side of the House so understood him,
and I have, therefore, made this explanation.
Mr. OLIVER. In that respect I have only to
say that I had no notice of the intention of the
majority to take any depositions at Lexington.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman states cor-
rectly. He had no notice. I have stated the
reason.
Mr. OLIVER. Again, as to my intention to
prepare a minority report while I was in Mis-
souri, my colleague and myself do not recollect
the facts alike. My object in taking a copy of
the evidence was, as I have stated, for the pur-
pose of making a brief of it, preparatory to
making out a minority report if it became neces-
sary to make such a report. I understood that
it was the intention of my colleagues, while in
Detroit, simply to make a brief of the testimony.
These, however, are matters quite unimportant.
I have merely alluded to them.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Ohio whether the report, which
it is now proposed to present to the House, has
ever been formally presented before, and acted
on by the committee ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state this—and it is ,
a short story—the very first moment I saw my j
colleague in'this city I told him that the report |
j of the majority was ready, and that lie was at ;
liberty to examine it. We knew, beforehand,
that we could not agree upon a report.
Mr. SMITH. Was that report ever formally
presented at a meeting of the committee, and
agreed upon?
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit a point of order
to the Chair. It is this: I submit that the com-
mittee, according to their own statement, have
had no formal meeting, and that no vote has been
taken by them upon the adoption of this report.
It cannot, therefore, be received as the report of
the committee,and the gentleman from Michigan
is not in order in presenting it to the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
question of order that is already pending be dis-
posed of first.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I wish, with the consent
of the House, to ask a question.
Mr. WASHIiURNE. The motion to lay the
appeal on the table is pending, which is not de-
batable. I object to any debate.
Mr. ORR. I withdraw my appeal from the
decision of the Chair, with this understanding
with the chairman of the select committee. I
desire to avoid consuming the time of the House;
but if the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Hickman] still insists upon the reading of there-
port, we shall have to submit to it. _ I withdraw
my appeal with this understanding with the chaii-
man; That the committee (submit their report,
with the liberty to examine four additional wit-
nesses, and that they be permitted to submit the
balance of the testimony afterwards taken, with
the permission to the minority to submit a mi-
nority report within ten days.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does that
exclude the reading of the report?
Mr. ORR. It does not.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object to any arrange-
ment of that sort, if the report is to be read.
Mr. HICKMAN. Does that allow the report
to be read ?
The SPEAKER. It allows the reading of the
report.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 understand that
it does not settle the reading of the document one
way or the other. That is a matter for the future
determination of the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. I persist in my objection,
unless the report is to be read.
The SPEAKER. The reading of the report
is not precluded.
Mr. BURNETT. If the proposition be agreed
to. will the report be read?
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the Chair
to answer. The Chair will state his understand-
ing of the proposition. It is, that the report be
received; that the committee be allowed to examine
four more witnesses; and that the minority shah
have an opportunity to submit its report within
the next ten days.
Mr. BOWIE. Will it be in order for the House
to dispense with the reading of the report, if its
rending be insisted on by any member?
The SPEAKER. It is improper for the Chair
to answer that question at this time. The Chair
will decide questions as they arise, otherwise the
House would be acting under a suggestion and
not a decision of the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. The question I propose to
the Chair is this: If that proposition be agreed
to by the House, will it preclude the point of
order that I have intimated it is my intention to
raise ?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall object to any agree-
ment which precludes me from raising the ques-
tion of order on the reception of the report, on
the ground that it is incomplete.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is in error. If
the report be received, according to the sugges-
tions of the gentleman from South Carolina, it
will be but a report in part.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the agreement.
I am perfectly willing the appeal shall be with-
drawn.
Mr. ORR. I have done what I conceived to be
necessary for a fair understanding of this matter.
I withdraw my appeal, not because I think the
Chair's decision is correct, but because I do not
desire to consume the time of the House. If any
other gentleman desires to take an appeal, he can
do so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will receive th<^
report, then, as the full report of the commit-
tee.
Mr. LETCHER. Does the reading of the re-
port include the reading of the evidence taken by
the committee J [Cries of " No !"]
The SPEAKER. That paper is to be read
which is understood to be the committee's report.
It is impossible for the Chair to know what the
report of the committee embraces. What is sent
up as the report will be read when the reading of
tlie report is called for.
Mr. LETCHER. Then, if the committee
send up the evidence as a part oi their report,
that evidence is all to be read. Then I understand
it is for the committee to determine what shall be
read to the House. I want to know what the
rule is in regard to reading the report and evidence
taken bv the committee.
TheSPEAKER. It is impossible for the Chair
to answer the gentleman's question, further than
to say that the paper presented by the committee
as its report, shall be read, if the reading of the
committee's report be called for.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to lay the report on
the table, and that it be ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw my objection
to the proposition of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Our.] .
Mr. HOUSTON. I present a point of order
