imo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
I hold that the report which it is proposed to
submit is incomplete. Its incompleteness has
been made apparent to the House. The exam-
ination of witnesses has not terminated. For
this I have the declaration of the minority and
the majority members of tbe committee. It is
agreed between them that other witnesses shall
be examined. The labors of the committee are
not finished, and it is not, therefore, ready to
report to this House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. First let me Sjtate my point
of ord(?r.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it,
Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware that it does not
make much difference what the point is, but
nevertheless I feel it to be my duty to make the
point of order. The Chair will remember that
it was declared by the majority and the minority
of the committee that the proposed report has not
been based on any meeting of the committee. A
committee of this House, whether a standing or a
select committee, holds its sessions regularly for
the transaction of business, like any other de-
liberative or legislative body; and a report, which
is the transaction of business, must be investi-
gated in the committee and decided by a majority
of its members. The Manual says:
<( A committeo moot when and whore they please, if the
House has not oidered time and place for (hem ; hut they
can only act when together, and not by separate consulta-
tion and consent—nothing being the report of the commit-
tee but what has been agreed to in committee actually as-
sembled."
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I object to argu-
ment.
The SPEAKER. Argument is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am stating my point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
question of order.
Mr. SEWARD, I object to the gentleman
from Alabama proceeding as he has done.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
Chair will state that lie is of opinion that it is not
in order to argue the question of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to state an addi-
tional point of order, and to ask the Chair then to
decide it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. HOUSTON. From the statements1 made
to the Iiouse, wc know that this report was
never adopted at a meeting of the conmuttec. The
committee have never,in open session, acted upon
this report; and as such, the report is incomplete,
and the House cannot receive it.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 object to discussion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question of order. The gentleman from Alabama
objects to the reception of the report on the ground
that it is incomplete; the fuil committee, as he
asserts, never luwing acted on it.
^ Mr. HOUSTON. As the committee assert.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has already
made that statement to the House. It is stated by
the chairman of the committee, and the statement
is not controverted, that a majority has agreed to
the report proposed to be submitted; that it is a
full report; that it is all the committee desire to
submit. The Chair thinks, therefore, that the
point of order is not well taken.
Mr. SEWARD. What becomes of my motion
to jay the repoit on the table, and order it to be
printed?
The SPEAKER. It is pending^
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is it not in
order to have the report read? If it is, I call for
the reading of the report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
has not the floor. The gentleman from Georgia
moves to lay the report upon the table. ;
Mr. HOUSTON. How can that be done, when
the report has not been received? I make a point
of order^on^the reception of the report.
The SPEAKER.. Objection being made, the
motion to lay on the table cannot be received.
Mr. SEWARD. I had the fioor, and made
the motion.
The SPEAKER. The gen tlcman is not entitled
to the floor'at this time.
Mr.SEWARD. Wdl,IwoiildasktheSpea3scr,
very respectfully, how I wis displaced, and the
gentleman from Tennessee put in possession of
the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will tell the gen-
tleman from Georgia, very frankly, how he lost
the floor. [Laughter.] The gentleman from
Georgia moved that the report he on the table,
which was not a debatable motion; and objection
being made by the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] to the reception of that motion, on the
ground that a point of order was pending and the
report had not been received, the Chair stated
that he could not entertain the motion of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, and he was therefore not
entitled to the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. Is there any appeal from the
decision of the Chair?
The SPEAKER.. There is no appeal.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Bennett] appeals from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, then, if there is no
appeal, the Chair having decided the point of
oraer, the question is at rest.
The SPEAKER. That fact docs not renew
the motion of the gentleman from Georgia. Be-
sides that, there is another point of order raised.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well, then I am out of
order. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I do not rise to
a question of order. I wish to make a motion,
which I hope will settle this whole difficulty. I
undcistand that the leport has been presented
lieie, not as a full report of the whole committee,
because there is a general understanding that
there is to be a minority as well as a majority
report. 1 make the motion now—I will not dis-
cuss it—that the report be received and laid upon
the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
The gentleman from Alabama has stated to the
Chair that the gentleman from Mississippi pro-
poses to take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair, and that question must be first decided.
Mr. SMITH. Well, I give notice that I will
make that motion whenever it is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Horn I'ON.j
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I appeal
from that decision.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to lay the
appeal upon the table.
Mr. BENNETT. I have the floor, and I wish
to make a remark or two to the Iiouse m relation
to the appeal. The objection to the report of the
committee is not upon the ground that it is in-
complete. ^
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call the gentle-
man to order. What is the question before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state it.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
objects to the reception of the report on the
ground that it is incomplete. The Chair over-
rules the question of order, and the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Bennett] appeals from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BENNETT. As I have already remarked,
that is not the ground of the objection to the re-
ception of the report.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair does not state
my point of order precisely as 1 made it. There
are two grounds 
Mr. SEWARD, (interrupting.) I rise to a
question of order. I undeistand that there is a
motion pending to lay the appeal on the table.
Is that debatable?
The SPEAKER. There is no such motion
pending.
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman from Ohio
made the motion some time since.
The SPEAKER, fie had not the floor to
make the motion.
Mr. BENNETT. The ground of objection to
the report of the committee isnotthatitis incom-
plete, but that ii is a nullity. By the resolution
appointing the committee to go to Kansas, it is
not provided that a majority of the commissioners
should be sufficient to transact business; and
while we are ready fo admit that the committee
may rightfully appoint the time and place of their
meeting, in order to give force and effect to their
acts, the committee must all have met and united
in the duties they were required to perform.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio to allow me to make a sugges-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
having taken the floor from the gentleman from
Mississippi on a question of order, cannot yield
for any purpose.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Mississippi has appealed from the
decision of the Chair. The point of order which
I make is, whether that appeal is debatable ?
The SPEAKER. The appeal is debatable. .
Mr. BENNETT. I am not making a speech.
1 am stating the grounds of the appeal.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman fVom Mississippi yield to me for a mo-
ment, to allow me to make a suggestion for the
consideration of the House ?
Mr. LETCHER. I must object. Gentlemen
on the opposite side of the House objected to all
the suggestions coming from this side.
Mr. BENNETT, (resuming.) I contend, Mr.
Speaker, that the committee, who were authorized
by a resolution passed by this House to take
testimony in Kansas, were required to act all
together; and that the majority of that committee
had no authority, under the resolutions, to meet
and take testimony and present their report to
the House. We contend further that that com-
mittee was constituted and authorized to transact
business. A majority of the committee cannot,
without a formal meeting of the committee, pre-
pare and present a report, and ask the House to
accept it. I understand,from the statementmade
here by the chairman of the committee, that this
report never was presented to the committee, but
that, after the testimony was closed, the majority
of the committee, in the absence of the gentle-
man from Missouri, £Mr Oliver,] prepared the
report without ever submitting it to him at a for-
mal meeting of the committee, called fur the
transaction of business. The ground of the ap-
peal is not that the report is incomplete, but that
it was never submitted to the committee for their
adoption at a meeting of their body.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. ' I move to lay
the appeal upon the table.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will the gentleman with-
draw that motion for one moment ?
Many Members. "No,no."
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, sir, I cannot with-
draw it. We shall never get through with this
matter in the world. [Ciies of " Question !"
" Question !"]
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to put one ques-
tion to the chairman of the committee. [Cries of
" Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I dislike to be trammeled
in this way. The Speaker assigns the floor right
and left [Renewed cries of £i Order !"]
Mr. McMULLIN. Gentlemen, I am aware
of what my rights are. [Renewed cries of " Or-
der!" and " Question !"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
pending motion is to lay the appeal upon the
table.
Mr. FLOJIENCE. Is it in order to submit a
point of order?
The SPEAKER. It is. >
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 am submitting a question
to the chairman of the committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit a question of
order.
Mr. SEWARD. The other question of order
has not been disposed of yet.
Mr. FLORENCE, I am m order; the Speaker
has so declared; and if the gentleman from Geor-
gia will keep quiet for a little while he will hear
what my point is. I submit this point, that it is
not in order to receive this report, for the reason
that the committee met this morning; that they
adjourned until to-morrow morning to take addi-
tional testimony; that there has been no meeting
since, and no formal action on this report; and
that it has not been submitted by the formal vote
of the committee.
Mr. SEWARD. We have had that same
question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am stating my point of
order. If the gentleman from Georgia objects to
it, let him do so; but I must submit my point of
order.
