794
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Johnson.
July 2,
Senate.
Territory; destroyed their presses; arrested their
leaders; prevented men from going into the
Territory; and now you come in with your bill
to consummate the work of the Administration
—to crown the achievements of the Atchisons,
Stringfellows, Shannons, and Joneses, and their
associates. The friends of free Kansas cannot—
we will not—join you in this act of crowning
infamy.
Mr. JOHNSON. I merely give notice that I
shall object to any member violating the fourth
rule. It is now daylight, and I think there has
been an abundance of very good discussion. I
will not characterize it in any other way; but it
creates a great deal of fatigue. I see that the
Senator from Kentucky desires to speak, and I
shall not object to him now; but I had much
rather object to a friend, or one sympathizing with
me, and on the same side witli myself, than to one
upon the other side. It seems to me that I have
heard several speeches which were altogether un-
necessary at this time. There is a rule of the
Senate providing that no member shall speak
more than once in any debate, on the same day,
without the leave of the Senate, and I shall ask
that it be enforced.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have not spoken to-
day at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not embrace the Sena-
tor; but I must give notice that I shall object to
any one speaking more than once hereafter. It
is now broad day, and we have had nothing all
night but a reiteration, and reiteration, and reit-
eration of the same prosy, intolerable things.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. As we have been com-
pelled to remain here to the hour of dawn, the
Senate must be content to bear the penalty of
hearing me for a few minutes longer, and I think,
after they bear that penalty, that I shall leave the
subject entirely.
Mr. President, it is right that we should under-
stand each other upon this subject, and so dis-
tinctly that the country may understand us all.
We are all desirous of settling properly this
Kansas difficulty in all its parts—I am, I am sure,
and I have no right to suppose that I am any-
more sincere than any other Senator. But I wish
to call the attention of the honorable Senator
from New York, and of the Senate, to the posi-
tion which he has taken on this subject. He has
made a great many objections to this bill which
might be removed by amendment, and yet he
offers none that is reasonable, because I learn that
if all possible amendments, according to his
heart's desire, were to be made to this bill, yet he
could not and would not vote for it, unless it
contained an acceptance of the Topeka constitu-
tion, the admission of Kansas on that constitu-
tion, and the abolition of slavery there. There
the gentleman stands. Nothing short of that
satisfies him. That is his bill. He consents to
no other terms; he accedes to nothing less, nothing
more. I think, if I understood him correctly,
these are the necessary terms.
Mr. SEWARD. I will state to the honorable
Senator that I prefer to stand, and do stand, by
my own bill.
Mr. CRITTEND EN. But do I vet understand
the gentleman as taking the ground that he could
accept of nothing—that no measure was adequate
in his view for the relief of Kansas but the abolish-
ment of slavery there, and the acceptance of her
Topeka constitution?
Mr. SEWARD. 1 did not speak on that point.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Oh, bless my soul! I
know we have been asleep, but I am sure the
honorable Senator will recollect that he alluded
to that point. The result of all he says is that he
accepts of nothing but his own bill, admitting Kan-
sas with the Topeka constitution and the abolition ,
of slavery there. I assure the gentleman that, ]
though I did not take down his words, yet 1 took
down precisely what he meant. Will the Senator
be so' good as to explain again what he did say
against the bill?
Mr. SEWARD. I stated all my objections to
that bill. In the first place, that it treated the sub-
ject of slavery and freedom as if they were equal,
to be submitted to a trial by the people. I do not
propose to any such thing as that. I did not say
anything, (if I understand what I did say,) about
the bill admitting Kansas with her Topeka con-
stitution, and the abolition of slavery there, or that
I must have that bill. I do not propose to vote for
this bill at all with any amendment that may be
proposed to it. 1 said, if you proposed amend-
ments, I would hear them, but of course I preferred
my own bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Does not the gentle-
man remember saying that he would be satisfied
with nothing else ?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir, I do not; and I do
not thipk I did.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senator most as-
suredly forgets, and if the report could be read
it would show it. I cannot proceed unless he tells
me that he will accept of no remedy for the dis-
tressing occurrences existing in Kansas, except
the abolition of slavery there.
Mr. SEWARD. Offer your amendment to
abolish slavery, and then I will examine it when
it is a distinct proposition.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understand the Senator from
New York to say that nothing but the admission
of Kansas on the Topeka constitution will con-
tent him.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Is that it ?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir, that is what I said.
Mr. CRITTEr^DEN. That abolishes slavery
thcrs*
Mr. SEWARD. Of course it does.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then I am right. The
Senator will accept of nothing, no* legislative pro-
vision giving relief to Kansas, but the acceptance
of the Topeka constitution.
Mr. SEWARD. None that is proposed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Can tne gentleman
speak of any other that I may offer?
Mr. SEWARD. The one which I have offered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Is there anything else ?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir.
Mr. CRIJTENDEN. Then he stands upon
the position that nothing else is acceptable but
the admission of Kansas ad a State with her To-
peka constitution. Now, sir, we have heard a
great deal from that gentleman, and others, about
the crime against Kansas. They say that the
people are oppressed, the people are conquered,
the people are subjugated by the " border ruf-
fians;" their rights despised and trampled upon;
and to fill up the picture we have been told that
murder, rapine, and arson exist in Kansas; and
I have no doubt they do exist there; but this pic-
ture which gentlemen present of the state of
things there is somewhat greater than I have
permitted myself to believe. But, notwithstand-
ing all this murder, all this rapine, and all these
named and nameless crimes, gentlemen will ac-
cept of no measure of redress or remedy, unless
it be accompanied, or unless it be in the form, of
the admission of Kansas with the Topeka con-
stitution. Why have our sympathies and our
feelings been assailed with all this eloquence upon
the subject of the actual distress, actual crime,
and actual imprisonment of freemen there, if they
are to have no redress at our hands at all ? The
redress of those grievances, and the question of
slavery, are entirely distinct things. Will wc
not remedy these grievances which now afflict
the people of Kansas? Will we not stay the hand
of the oppressor, the hand of the murderer? We
hear complaints of the in' asion of these " ruf-
fians;" will you not stay that by any measure
because you could not have the Topeka constitu-
tion as the constitution of the State? • Sir, such a
position, in my view of the subject, is equivalent
to the denial of any relief for those people now.
How unreasonable, then, it is, to ask for the ac-
ceptance of the Topeka constitution^ which was
made without color of law, made without form of
law, made professedly and notoriously by a por-
tion of the people, while another portion of them
were so hostile to the proceeding of making a i
constitution at all, that they surrounded the bal-
lot-box, and at one place of voting destroyed it.
Is there any justice in such a measure as the ad-
mission of Kansas as a State on that constitution ?
Is there any precedent or principle by which I
may agree to vote for the adoption of such a con-
stitution ? Why. sir, talk about the unjust laws
that were passed by the Legislature of Kansas ?
Is any one of them more unjust than to fasten an
irrepealable constitution upon one half of the
people by the votes of the other half, without their
consent, and without their concurrence or coop-
eration in the making of it? Suppose that those
who made this constitution were the majority of
the people, had not the minority a right to say
something in regard to it; and might not that mi-
nority have influenced somewhat the making of
that constitution ? It was the work of a faction
there. I confess to gentlemen that the proposi-
tion to admit Kansas into the Union on that con-
stitution appears to me to be an outrage an out-
rage upon the people of Kansas; andlo far from
being a measure of peace, it would be one of dis-
cord.
Gentlemen seem to think that, if you change
the name of the government there from a territo-
rial to a State government, you place over the
rights of the people an impenetrable shield.
Why, sir, it will be no shield at all. If they
cannot defend theftiselves from personal violence
and outrage now under a territorial government,
can they do it under a State government ? Would
not such a measure increase tenfold the exasper-
ation there was before ? It would be unjust; it
would exasperate; it would be more likely to
bring" additional discord and civil strife,"rather
than peace. It would not be a measure of peace;
it would be a measure of injustice and wrong—
clearly and palpably so. What would gentlemen
think of it, if the party opposed to that party
which made this constitution, had assembled to-
gether, framed a constitution to suit themselves,
and had brought it here and asked for admission
into the Union? If the adoption of the constitu-
tion and the admission of Kansas as a State would
put an end to the strife in the one case, why would
it not in the other ?
Sir, the Topeka constitution was the result of
a mere popular effervescence, adopted by a mere
voluntary meeting held without law, and without
recognition by one half of the people ofT-he Ter-
ritory; and this you ask us to take as the only
measure that will be accepted by you—the only
measure of peace or redress to which you will
give your acceptance. Is it not, then, equivalent
to a denial of redress to them ? Can we, stand-
ing as arbiters of right and wrong between the
contending parties in Kansas—all of them being
our fellow-citizens—right the one by wronging
the other, without a violation of the rights of one
party ? By the very nature of the proceedings of
those who formed this constitution—against a law
of the Territory, which one party respected and
the other assuredly did not, there was a complete
separation of the people on this subject—one por-
tion of them making this constitution without
form of law or color of authority. We must
judge of it, then, according to its very substance;
and looking at it in that light, is it right in itself?
Is it not wrong ? Is it not evidently wrong? You
firesent it as a measure of peace. I do not be-
ieve that wrong is a way to produce peace. That
is the companion of justice. That follows justice
like a shadow, and it can only be obtained by
justice. The acceptance of this constitution would
be a violation of the rights of a portion of the
people of that Territory.
I have another objection to it. How many
men have made it? We are assured that seven-
teen hundred .men voted for it. How is that
indicated ? * There were no officers setup to judge
of the competency or the qualification of voters.
It is the work of private individuals throughout.
But do you ask me, by virtue of an election of
that sort, to constitute a State out of seventeen
hundred and fifty men ? There is not a county
in the State of New York that has not, I suppose,
three or four times that number of voters. Are
they competent to support a State ? They cannot,
without the most enormous and heavy taxation,
defray the expenses of a State government. 1 ney
cannot maintain their rank as a State. A"" 8 a
we, under these circumstunces, bring that hand-
ful of men into the Union as a State, andI upon
such a constitution as this. Can w D y
and consistently with principle, or ^ P
cedent, admit them into the ^ [
propoid by .h« ^ J
indispensably necessary. Unless this is granted,
the gentleman will not redress the wrongs which,
as he alleges, are daily perpetrated in Kansas-
