18d6>
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15S1
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is not in order. The question is on lay-
ins; the appeal on the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. Does the Speaker decide
that my point of order is not well taken?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this
time. [Loud calls to " Order."]
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 do not care for the
clamor of gentlemen on this floor. I am used to
it, [laughter,] andean talk as loud as any of them.
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire to call the attention
of the Chair to a part of the Manual. I will
read it. •
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I must object.
I refused my friend from Virginia to withdraw
my motion.
Mr. BOCOCK. I want to read it. I do not
want to speak.
Mr. FLAGLER. I object to its being read.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to propound a
question to the Speaker of this body. Will the
Speaker be so good as to inform me whether or
not tile committee who are now asking leave to
report have had a session since the testimony
was closed ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair must suggest to
the gentleman that both the question and the an-
swer are in the nature of debate, which is pre-
cluded by the rules of the House.
Mr. ^HEELER. I call for the yeas and
nays 011 the motion to lay the appeal on the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, one fifth
of the members present not voting in favor there-
of.
The question was taken; and the appeal was
laid 011 the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 move, Mr.
Speaker, that the report be read and printed, and
that so much of it as relates to matters pending
before the Committee of Elections be referred to
that committee, and that so much of it as relates
to matters before other standing committees be
referred to such committees respectively; and on
that motion I call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER stated the motion of Mr.
Washburn, omitting that part relating to the
reading.
Mr. CARLILE. I rise to a question of order
on tile motion submitted by the gentleman from
Maine. In the first place T do not think that it
is parliamentary to move that any report be read,
because any member has the right to have it
read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not so stated
the motion. The motion is, that the report be
punted and referred.
Mr. CARLILE. Well, sir, till the report is
received and either read or not read, how can the
gentleman from Maine submit a motion to print
and refer it to committees?
The SPEAKER. The Chair states that the
report of the committee is received.
Mr. WASHBURN. I desire to make a further
proposition in addition to those which I have
made. I wish the House to concur in the prop-
osition of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr.] I desire that this report shall be laid
before the House and printed; and I also desire
that the gentleman from Missouri may be per-
mitted to conclude his minority report, and to
present it within ten days, and that that shall be
printed, because I know, Mr. Speaker, and every-
body here knows, that we shall have no action
practically in the House until all this testimony
is in and printed.
Mr. .McMULLIN. Why read it then ?
Mr. WASHBURN. That is not in the motion
which I make. I make the motion that the report
be printed, and that so much of it as relates to
the Kansas election case be referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and that so much of it as
relates to matters pending before other commit-
tees be referred to those committees, and that
the prop osition of the gentleman Irom South
Carolina shall be acceded to by the House. I
call for the previous question.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire to make an
inquiry of the Chair.
Mr. SEWARD. I think, if the floor was
assigned to me, that I am entitled to it.
The SPEAKER. The floor was not assigned
to the gentleman from Georgia. [Mr. Seward,]
for the reason that the gentleman from Maine
had not yielded it.
Mr. SEWARD. I made a motion to lay the
report 011 the table and have it printed. That
motion was interrupted by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston.] An appeal was taken
by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Ben-
nett,] and a motion was made by thp gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] to lay the appeal on
the table. It was laid on the table. Now 1 want
to know what has become of my motion?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Georgia, that when he made the
motion to lay the report upon the table it had
not been received, and there was a question of
order pending on its reception, and an appeal was
taken, or about to be taken, from the decision of
the Chair. Therefore, the Chair could not enter-
tain the motion of the gentleman from Georgia, but
stated it from the chair unconsciously, and not
knowing that an appeal had been taken from its
decision. The motion was not ill time.
Mr. SEWARD. I understood the Chair to
state that it was a privileged motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Georgia was not made at the proper time,
inasmuch as the report had not been received.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire to suggest to
the gentleman from Maine that the proposition
which he has made is an unusual one. He pro-
poses to refer so much of this report as relates to
the business of the Committee of Elections to
that committee. That is proper. But the gen-
eral additional proposition to refer so much of
the report as pertains to the business of the other
committees to 'such committees is unusual. It
is usual for the House to refer documents, or
parts of documents, specifically to committees,
and not to leave it to the Speaker or the Clerk to
make such reference. I would suggest, there-
fore, to the gentleman from Maine, tha the mod-
ify his motion so as to refer the whole report
to the Committee of Elections. It will be com-
petent, then, for that committee to ask to be dis-
charged from such portions of it as, in their opin-
ion, do not come within their jurisdiction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Georgia is well
taken.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will modify
my motion in accordance with the suggestion of
the gentleman from Georgia. I suppose it will
be in order to call for the reading of the report
before taking the question upon the motion. My
motion, as it now stands, is this; that the report
of the committee be printed, and referred to the
Committee of Elections. I desire, however, to
ask the Chair whether it will be m order to have
the report read upon the request of any mem-
ber ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order for any mem-
ber of the House to call for the reading of the
report pending a motion to refer or print.
Mr. WASHBURN. I also desire to add to
my motion, that the minority report be received
at any time within ten days, together with such
additional testimony as may be taken, and that
it be referred to the same committee; upon that
motion I demand the previous question.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 understand that the report
of the select committee has been received. I ask
if it is in order now to have it read ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order for any mem-
ber to call for the reading.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then I call for the reading
of the report.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I desire to put a
question to the gentleman from Maine. [Cries
of "Order!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
a question of order. I understand that, after the
question has been taken upon the motion of
the gentleman from Maine, to refer the report, it
will not be in order to have it read. 1, therefore,
insist upon the reading now.
Mr. HCJGHSTON. I demand the reading of
the report.
Mr. SMITII. I insist upon my right to put
a question to the gentleman from Maine, or to
the Chair. [Cries of" Order !" and confusion.]
Mr. ELLIOTT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. KE1TT. I move that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Thursday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon that ques-
tion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE. How 1
It is impossible for the
long will it take
to read the report?
The SPEAKER.
Chair to say.
Mr. ORR. Will it not be in order to have the
report read after the previous question shall have
been seconded?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. ORR. Then I hope the previous question
will be seconded, and the main question ordered
to be put.
The question was taken upon Mr. Keitt's
motion; and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion
that the House adjourn; and, being put, the
motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. ORR moved that the vote ordering the
main question to be now put be reconsidered; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table, which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH. Is it in order now to move to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. ORR. Is the testimony a part of the
report?
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the Chair
to determine until the report shall have been read.
Mr. ORR. 1 give notice that I shalLaskfor
tlie reading of all the papers.
Mr. DUNN. 1 call the attention of the Chair
to the resolution appointing the committee, which
expressly requires them to report the evidence to
the House. That is the report.
Mr. JONES. Is it in order to < all for the read-
ing of the testimony first? If it is, 1 call for the
reading of it.
Tiie SPEAKER. The rule governing the read-
ing of papers before the House provides that,
when a motion is made to print a paper, any
member has a right to call for the reading of the
paper before he can be compelled to vote upon it.
The report will be read at the request of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman.]
Mr. STEPHENS. The order for the reading
covers all the papers reported.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated the
question on the motion of the gentleman from
Maine, that the report be printed and referred.
Mr. STEPHENS. I understood the order to
print to embrace the printing of the evidence as
well as that of the report.
The SPEAKER. The repoit will be read.
It is the matter 011 which the House passes its
judgment.
Mr. STEPHENS. Does not the motion to
print include the printing of the evidence ?
The SPEAKER. There is no motion to print
the testimony unless it be embraced as a part of
the report.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move to reconsider the
vote ordering the report to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The report has not been
ordered to be printed. The gentleman from Maine
moved that the report be printed and referred.
Upon that the previous question was called and
seconded, and the mam question was ordered to
be put. .
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish the evidence printed
with the report. The gentleman from Maine does
not state whether that will be done.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 meant to have the evi-
dence printed.
Mr. STEPHENS. That there may be no mis-
apprehension, let that be included m the motion.
Mr. CRAIGE. I rise to a question of order.
If gentlemen will go back to the resolutions ap-
pointing this committee, the whole difficulty will
be got rid of.
Mr. GROW. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman rises to a
question of order.
