796
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Douglas, Mr. Brodhead, etc.
Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Michigan
suggests to me that the amendment just adopted
is of a doubtful character; and I therefore move
to insert the words, " at any time," before the
words, "since its organization."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, that correction will be made.
There was no objection.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have another amendment
to offer from the committee,to follow the amend- !
ment which has been adopted. The bill reads, i
now, " and until the complete execution of this
act no other elections shall be held in said Terri-
tory." It has been suggested that it should be
modified in this way, " and to avoid all conflict
in the complete execution of this act, all other
elections in said Territory are hereby postponed
until such time as said convention shall appoint,"
so that they can appoint the day in the event that
there should be a failure to come into the Union.
It is merely a verbal modification of that clause.
Mr. TOOMBS. Would it not be better to in-
vert the words, "legislative or other elections?"
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is no election except
the one covered by the amendment—that is, the
vote for or against the convention. There can-
not be any objection to the phraseology now.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well.
Mr. YULEE. I would suggest & postpone-
ment of the election for sixty days.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There are difficulties in the
way of that.
Mr. YULEE. The convention must have
authority then, because the Legislature has ap-
pointed the general rule.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Illinois, that I think some amendments
should be made in the sections which impose
penalties—the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fif-
teenth sections.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator state what
lie proposes?
Mr. BIGLER. In the thirteenth section, line
wght, to insert, after the word " not," the words,
"less than $250, nor." 1
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is putting a minimum, as
well as a maximum penalty, for a violation of the
election law.
Mr. BIGLER. I propose to fix a maximum
throughout. My colleague has prepared the
amendments to answer the purpose.
Mr. BRODHEAD. We propose, in section
thirteen, line eight, to strike out the word "ex-
ceeding," and insert, " less than $250, nor ex-
ceeding;" and also to insert in the same line,
after the word "not," the words, "less than
three months, nor;" so that the section shall
read:
Sec. 13. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any person,
by menaces, threats, or force, or by any other unlawful
means, shall, directly or indirectly, attempt to influence
any qualified voter in giving bis vote, or deter hira from
goipg to the polls, or disturb or hirder him in the free exer-
cise of his right of suffrage at said election, the person so
offending shall be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor, and
punished by fine not less than $250, nor exceeding $500, or
by imprisonment not less than three months, nor exceeding
one year, or by both.
The amendment was agreed to.
. Mr. BRODHEAD. The next amendment pro-
posed by my colleague and myself is in section
fourteen, line seven, after the word " not," to in-
sert " le$p than 4100, nor;" andin line eight, after
the word " not," to insert" less than three nor,"
so that the section will read:
8kc. 14. And it n further enacted, That every person,
not being a qualified voter according to the provisions of
this act, who shall vote at any election within the said Ter-
ritory, knowing that he is not entitled to vote, and every
person who shall at the same election vot&more than once,
whether at the same or different place, shall be adjudged
misdemeanor, and be punished by fine not less
than $100, nor exceeding $950, or by imprisonment not less
than three, nor exceeding six months, or both.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Our next proposition is
in section fifteen, line seven, after the word " not,"
to insert " less than $500, nor-," and in line eight,
after the word "not," to insert "less than six
months, nor;" so that the section will read:
That any'person whatsoever who may be charged with
holding the election twrein authorized, who shall willfully
and knowingly commit any fraud <k irregularity whatever,
with the intent to hjjxisr, prevent, or defeat, a fair
expression of the popular will in the said election, shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and punished by fine not less than
$500, nor exceeding $1,000, or by imprisonment not less
than six months, nor exceeding two years, or both, at the
discretion of the court.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I rise to
offer an amendment to the bill by way of ad-
ditional section. This bill upon which we are
acting is one that may or may not take effect.
It is left discretionary with the convention which
is to meet to adopt a State constitution. If it
should not adopt a State constitution, it will be
of great importance to the people of Kansas then
to know what are their rights under the organic
act which created the Territory. As there is a
difference of opinion in regard to the meaning of
that organic act, and as was very truly remarked
by the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
some time ago, much of the mischief which has
arisen in the Territory has originated from a
conflict of opinion as to the meaning of the or-
ganic act, I offer this amendment as an additional
section to the bill :
And be it further enacted, That it was the true intent
and meaning of the " act to organize the Territories of Ne-
braska and Kansas," not to legislate slavery into Kansas,
nor to exclude it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof
' perfectly free through their Territorial Legislature to regu-
late the institution of slavery in their own way, subject only
to the Constitution of the United States; and that until the
Territorial Legislature acts upon the subject, the owner of
a slave in one of the States has no right or authority to take
such slave into the Territory of Kansas, and there hold
him as a slave; but every slave taken to the Territory of
Kansas by his owner for purposes of settlement is hereby
declared to be free, unless there is some valid act of a duly
constituted Legislative Assembly of said Territory, under
which he may be held as a slave.
Upon this amendment I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BIGLER. I wish to say only two or
three words before voting on this proposition.
As I understand it, the Congress of the United
States has conferred on the people of the Terri-
tory of Kansas all the law-making power which
Congress possesses. There is a question as to
what power Congress does possess under the
Constitution. Some say that Congress possesses
the entire power to legislate, ana therefore has
conferred complete authority. Others deny this
position, and say that Congress has not such
power. The difficulty arises, then, from the con-
struction of the Constitution, and it is rightly
declared that this is a judicial question. It is a
question which I shall not attempt to decide. I
shall vote against this amendment, because I hold
I that, as it is a question of the construction of
the Constitution, it is a judicial question, and I
am not prepared to decide it by my vote here.
Mr. PUGH. This amendment is wholly un-
necessary whatever may be its merits. The bill
provides that the convention shall meet on the
first Monday of December, and the amendment
is offered to provide for the event of the conven-
tion not adopting a State constitution. Now,
sir, the first Monday of December is the day on
which we reassemole, and if that emergency
should occur we can provide for it. Why need-
we provide for any such contingency now ? It
seems to me that the amendment is highly im-
proper, however much it may commend itself to
the judgment of every Senator. I shall vote
against it on the ground that it is utterly irrele-
vant.
Mr. HALE. If I understand the amendment
of the honorable Senator from Illinois* it simply
declares what w«u the intent of the Kansas-Ne-
act
Mr. BENJAMIN. It decides the constitutional
question by declaring that, if a slave goes there
under the laws which have been passed, he be-
comes free.
Mr. HALE. If I understand the amendment,
it merely declares the intent of the act.
Mr. BENJAMIN. To make a slave free who
goes there ?
Mr. HALE. I understand the tenor of the
amendment to be merely declaratory of the inten-
tion of the first act. Now, as matter of history,
I may mention that, when the Kansas act was
proclaimed in my own State, a leading Democratic
paper in the county in which I live published the
act, and claimed great merit for it, because it made
the whole Territory free. It was claimed to be a
great act for freedom. I think it is necessary,
notwithstanding what has been said by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania and the Senator from
Ohio, to settle this question, and let the people
know what our intention is, if we have any.
Mr. PUGH. What do we care about the in-
tention of a former Congress ? What business"
have we with that ? What have we to do with
it? This is not a practical amendment, to be
slipped into the bill to settle a newspaper diffi-
culty in the State of New Hampshire! 1 trust
the Senate will understand that the amendment is
not calculated to produce peace, or advance the
prosperity of the Territory.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale,
Seward, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennes-
see, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Brown,
Cass, Clay, Crittenden, Dodge, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatrick,
Geyer, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Pratt, Pugh, Reid, Sebastian, Sl}dell, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, Toombs, Toucey, Weller, Wright, and Yulee—34.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have anotheramendment,
which I wish to offer as an additional section to
the bill:
And be it further enacted, That the provision in the " act
to organize the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas," which
declares it to be " the true intent and meaning" of said aet
" not to legislate slavery into any Territory or State, nor to
exclude it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof per-
fectly free to form and regulate their domestic institutions
in their own way, subject only to the Constitution of the
United States," was intended to, and does, confer upon, or
leave to, the people of the Territory of Kansas full power,
at any time, tMough its Territorial Legislature, to exclude
slavery from said Territory, or to recognize and regulate it
therein.
Mr.BENJAMIN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding at the close of it the words,
" subject only to the Constitution of the United
States.''
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think my proposition
is an amendment to an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) It is an additional section to the
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Com-
mittee on Territories to report a substitute for
the bill of the Senator from Georgia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill of the
committee is presented as a separate measure.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My amendment is to add,
at the close of the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, the words, " subject only to the Consti-
tution of the United States."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Those words are already
in my amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to add them at
the end.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that my
proposition is in fact an amendment to an amend-
ment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My colleague is mistaken.
His amendment is to the original bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Various prop-
ositions were referred to the Committee on
Territories. They have reported a new bill,
which is now pending. To that bill the Senator
from Illinois has offered an amendment. That
amendment is of course open to amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Am I wrong in suppos-
ing that the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] proposed an amendment to strike out
the whole of the bill and insert a substitute; and
is not my proposition in fact an amendment to
that amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir.
This amendment has no connection with that.
The proposition of the Senator from Massachu-
setts is only in abeyance to be voted upon when
the bill shall be perfected. , ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is not the bill of the
Committee on Territories reported as a substi-
tute for that of the Senator from V^°Tf la-
Mr DOUGLAS. I explain that matter.
When I read the report of the committee at the
table on Monday last, the Secretary suggested
that there would be difficulty m printing our bill,
if it were printed as a substitute. According to
the usual practice, if printed in that form it must
