1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wm
Mr. MEACI-IAM. I wish to ask whether it
will make any dift'rrpnce in the appearance of
this article in the Globe, whether it be read to-
day or not?
The SPEAKER. It does not appear upon the
Journal if not read.
Mr. RUFFIN. [ object to the reading being
dispensed with. I should like to know how any
one could get the floor while that report was being
read, and make a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. JONES. I  ot it by rising- in my seat and
addressing the Chair, as the rule requires a mem-
ber to do. I was perfectly in order, and, with
due deference to the Chair, it is his duty to put
the question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I think thesug-
festion of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. H.
Iarshall] agood one. Let the report be printed '
and appear in the Globe to-morrow morning. If
the proposition is to continue the reading from
day to day, and to embrace all the testimony
piled up there, then I shall oppose the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. QUITMAN I call the gentleman from
Ohio to order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, the
question being on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. HICKMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hickman
and Oiir were appointed.
Mr. BARKSDALE called for the yeas and
nays.
The veas and nays were not ordered.
The House divided, tnd the tellers reported—
ayes 62; noes 75.
"So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
report be printed in the Globe of to-morrow, and
that the further reading of it be dispensed with.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 propose to amend the mo-
tion in this way—that so much of it as has been
read be primed in the Globe to-morrow, and that
the House do now adjourn..
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not see why we should
be compelled to stay to hear that report read.
Le! it gi> to the Globe, and let it be read there.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will it not be in order to
move to dispense with the fuither reading?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
when the House is to be brought to a direct vote
upon a paper, it is the right of any member of the
House to have the paper read.
Mr. BAIIKSDALE. I withdraw my objec-
tion .
Mr. HICKMAN. I object.
The readme of the report was resumed, and
pending ti.e reading,
Mr. STAXTON (interrupting) said: I do
not understand that gentlemen on the other side
intend to insist upon the reading to-morrow or
next day, if we now adjourn. If not, I move
that thc'House do now adjourn. My object is
to dispense with the reading.
Mr' OUR. I do not want any misunderstand-
ing. I shall insist upon the reading of everything
reported bv the committee.
Mr. SXA-XTON. I withdraw my motion to
adjourn.
Air. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask that
now, by common consent, the balance of this ic-
port be primed in the Globe, and the turthei lead-
ing be disused with.
Mr. KARKSDALfi. If the gentleman pro-
poses to dispense with the reading, why did he
not aliow the reading to be dispensed with in the
first place? m . - r
Mr. WASHBURN. I did not object. % My
proposition is that the report be printed in the
Glube m-morrow. Gentlemen will then have an
opportunity fd' seeing it in print much earliei
than thev otherwise would. t
Mr. H'lCKMAX [ object to dispensing with
the reading of that report.
Mr. WASMIiURNE, of Illinois. I renew the
motion that the House adjourn.
Mr. HICKMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers wore ordered; and Mossrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Wahoian were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—aves o'l, noes 56.
So the 1'Iouse refused to adjourn—no quorum
voting.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move a call of
; the House. It is not competent for the House
| to go on with the reading of that report with less
| than a quorum present.
| Mr. H.MARSHALL. I move that the House
j adjourn.
I The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
i half past four o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned
until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 2, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry C. Dean, Chaplain of the Senate.
T he J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the motion of the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Washburn] to refer and pri^t the
; report of the special committee of investigation
, into Kansas anairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEE,
Mr. MACE. I desire to say that I am com-
pelled to leave the city, to be absent for some two
weeks. I ask the consent of the House to report,
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, three or four bills, for reference only.
There being no objection,
Mr. MACE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported bills of the fol-
lowing titles; which were read a first a«d second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed:
A bill to test the usefulness of J. S. Richard-
son's atmospheric telegraph; and
A bill to amend the several acts relating to the
Post Office establishment.
Mi. M., Aom the same committee, reported j
a bill for the relief of James P. Flemnung, of
Augusta, Georgia; which was road a first and
secondtime, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the davfor to-morrow,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
Air. M., also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of citizens of
Crawford county, Ohio, in reference to the post
offices in the United States; which was laid on
the table, and the report ordered to be printed.
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL.
Mr. VALK, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
for the better security of the lives of passengers
traveling on the ocean, or on any of the rivers,
bays, or lakes of the United States, in American
vessels, whether propelled by sails, or steam, or
both; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
TI^£ OF MEETING.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Revoked. That on and after this day the House of Repre-
sentatives- \mII asseiuWe lor the uansacuon ot buMiiesa at
eleven oVlock, a. m.
Mr. JONES, oi Tennessee. I object, unless
the House will take up and dispose of the resolu-
tion from the Senate fixing a day for final ad-
journment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to say to gentlemen
on the other side of the House, that if they will
allow the resolution fixing the day for adjourn-
ment to be called up, they will find no opposition
on this side of the House" to the resolution of the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. BRANCH. I wish to say that I inad-
vertently omitted yesterday to state that my col-
league,'Mr. Winslow, was detained from his
seat in the House the day before yesterday by
severe illness, and that he had paired oil with
Mr. Mott.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed bills ot the fol-
lowing titles; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act for the relief of John H. Scranton and
James M. Hunt, owners of the steamer Major
Tompkins; and .
An act for the relief of John P. Baldwin, owner
of the Spanish brig Gil Bias.
PINAL ADJOURNMENT OP CONGRESS.
_ Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up for con-
sideration the joint resolution from the Senate, to
fix a day for the adjournment sine die of both
Houses of Congress.
Mr. MATTESON. I object; and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish it understood that
objection comes from the other side of the House.
REPORT OF THE KANSAS INVESTIGATING
COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER. The question in order is the
motion of the gentleman from Maine, that the
report from the Kansas investigating committee
be referred, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HICKMAN. I demand that the report
be read.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I thought that report
was read yesterday.
The SPEAKER. JThe reading of the report
was commenced, but not completed. The Clerk
will commence the reading this morning at the
place where the reading was stopped at the ad-
journment yesterday.
The Clerk accordingly proceeded to read the
report.
Pending the reading, (at twelve o'clock and
twenty minutes,)
Mr. BOYCE said: Mr. Speaker, this seems to
be an unnecessary consumption of time, and I
therefore ask that the reading be dispensed with.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. Permit me to make an inquiry.
Does the gentleman from Pennsylvania insist
that the entire report be read?
Mr. HICKMAN. Certainly I do. I thought
that was distinctly understood.
Mr. PHELPS. Then that will save all other
interruptions.
The reading of the report was again resumed,
and was concluded at two o'clock.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I understand
that the report proper has been read; and, if it
} be in order, I move to dispense with any further
| reading of the^locuments of the committee.
I Mr. FLORENCE. I object. I,et all be read.
Gentlemen would not agree yesterday to any
dispensation of the kind now asked for [Cries
of " Let it be read !"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order.
I understood this morning that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] in answer
to an inquiry of the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Phelps,] insisted on the reading of the re-
j port. The gentleman from Missouri is not now
in his seat, i presume he is not here because of
his understanding that the entire report of the
committee was to'be read. If that be true, how-
then can the gentleman from Ohio be in order in
making the motion he has just submitted?
The SPEAKER. It is the right of the mem-
bers of the House to have those documents read
which are covcredby a motion to refer and print.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair decide that
those papers are not a part of the report?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not make
any such decision. The Chair understands that
the papers referred to are embodied as a part of
the report.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvaniainsists on the reading of all the report—■
every paper.
Mr. STEPHENS. I understand the Chair has
decided that all the documents accompanying the
i' report of the committee may be read as a part of
jj the report, if insisted on. I trust that no member
!i will insist on the reading of all those documents,
il The SPEAKER. The select committee has
11 submitted a report with various documents. The
■! gentleman from Ohio asks that the further read-
li ing of the documents shall be dispensed with,
i | It is the opinion of the Chair that, under the rules
jf of the House, the members of the House have a
'I right to have all papers read which are to be re-
ferred to the committee, or to be printed under
ij the order of the House. Is objection made to the
i! request that the further reading of the papers be
dispensed with ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say, for fear that
I may be misunderstood in relation to what I have
said, that I do not desire the further reading of
these papers. I have not desired their reading
from the very beginning- I thought the reading
