J 856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79?
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Admission of Kansas—Mr. Douglas, Mr. Trumbull, etc.
Senate.
be in italics, which, in so long a bill, would cause
confusion to the printers. I then changed it to a
separate bill, and so stated, to avoid inconvenience
in printing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is a dif-
ferent bill, numbered differently from the other.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It was numbered as a dif-
ferent bill for the reason which I have stated. It
was so declared in open Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Louis-
iana [Mr. Benjamin] to the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
t0*The PRESIDING OFFICER". The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
as amended.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Illinois, that it is unnecessary to insert
it now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The words which the
Senator from Louisiana has had inserted, I,al-
ready had in my amendment before. I copied
the very words from the former law. I ask for
the yeas and nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASS. This amendment seems to me to
be mere surplusage—double legislation. It is a
mere repetition of the original act. What prac-
tical advantage is to be gained by it? I ask the
Senator to tell me, does he expect the least ad-
vantage under heaven from it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It expressly declares that
the Territorial Legislature has the right to ex-
clude slavery or to introduce it.
Mr. CASS. Subject to the Constitution, just
as the original act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The original act did not
say that the Territorial Legislature could do it.
Mr. CASS. I do not recollect the precise words
of that act, but I think it gave the people of the
Territory power to legislate over their domestic
concerns in all respects conformable to the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Now, in respect to myself, I suppose the Sen-
ate know clearly my views. I believe the origi-
nal act gave the Territorial Legislature of Kansas
fUll power to exclude or allow slavery. I never
supposed that the insertion of the words, " sub-
ject only to the Constitution," made the slightest
difference, for if the Constitution prohibited it
you could not give the authority, and if it did not
prohibit it the people had it. I thought, there-
fore, from the beginning, that this clause was en-
tirely useless. The Constitution overrides the
whole subject, whether you choose to refer to it
expressly or not.
I repeat, I see no necessity for this amendment.
In my opinion, the original act gives the people
of the Territory of Kansas full power to legislate
in regard to all the domestic relations. J think
so, because I am one of those who believe there is
no motive power in slavery which takes it to a
Territory of the United States. If, however, it
is there, it remains there until it is removed by
proper authority. If it is not there, it cannot be
taken thefe unless by some legislation. This
being my view, I shall vote against the amend-
ment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The reading of the amend-
ment inclines my mind to the belief, that in its
legal effect it is precisely the same with the ori-
final act, and almost in the words of that act.
[ence I should have no hesitancy in voting for
it, except that it is putting on this bill a matter
which does not belong to it. I know very well
what the object is. It is to figure on the stump
this summer to make the people believe that it is
something different from what we know it to be
here; but I think our people are intelligent enough
to understand that sort of thing.
My opinion in regard to the question which my
colleague is trying to raise here, has been well
known to the Senate for years. It has been re-
peated over and over again. He tried the other
clay, as those associated with him on the stump
used to do two years ago, and last year, to ascer-
tain what were my opinions on this point in the
Nebraska bill. I told them it was a judicial
question. This would not suit them. Why?
Their objtect was to get am express' a judg-
ment, so that they could charge me with having
urged a different view at home, though I had ex-
pressed the same opinion here pending that ques-
tion, and though I had previously, many times,
avowed the same thing. My answer then was,
and now is, that if the Constitution carries sla-
very there let it go, and no power on earth can
take away; but, if the Constitution does not carry
it there, no power but the people can carry it
there. Whatever may be the true decision of
that constitutional point, would not have affected
my vote for or against the Nebraka bill. I should
have supported it just as readily if I thought the
decision would be one way as the other. If my
colleague will examine my speeches, he will find
that declaration. He will also find, that I stated
I would not discuss this legal question, for by the
bill we referred it to the courts.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to add a word to what
I have already said in justification of my oppo-
sition to these amendments, for I agree with the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] that they
are for the stump; and I wish, therefore, to be
distinctly understood.
Now, sir, I am not prepared to say what the
intention of the Congress of 1854 was, because
I was not a member of that Congress. I will not
vote for this amendment, because I should not
know that my vote was expressing the truth. I
agree, too, with the Senator from Michigan, and
the Senator from Illinois, that this is substantially
the law as it now exists. This amendment is
limited by the power of the Constitution. The
organic law is limited by the power of the Con-
stitution.
I wish to say, in addition, that 1 have concurred
in the opinion of the Senator from Michigan. I
have believed, that when Congress conferred on
the people of a Territory all the law-making
power possessed by Congress under the Consti-
tution, that law-making power of the people of
the Territory was complete, and through their
local Legislature they have this authority. But,
sir, this is a question of constitutional construc-
tion; it is a judicial question, and, therefore, 1
cannot undertake to decide it. I shall vote against
the amendment.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, as much has
been said on this subject, I desire to say a word
in explanation of my vote. The original act is
as explicit as it is possible to be. The words,
"subject to the Constitution," make no differ-
ence. The original act recognizes as in the Ter-
ritorial Legislature all the power which they can
have, subject to the Constitution, and subject to
the organic law of the Territory. There is no
ambiguity. It is as explicit as language can
make it. The only doubt which arises is as to
the meaning of the Constitution. That we can-
not define; that is a question exclusively for the
judicial tribunals. Now, I object to this amend-
ment as superfluous, nugatory—worse than that—
as giving ground for misrepresentation. It leaves
the subject precisely where it is left in the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I will
avow very frankly what my object is. I know
very well that this Kansas-Nebraska bill is dis-
cussed very differently in different sections of
the country. It has a northern and a southern
look. In the northern States it is advocated on
the ground that the people of the Territory at
any time, through their Territorial Legislature,
have a right to exclude slavery if they please. I
understand that a very different opinion prevails
in the South. The Kansas-Nebraska bill ddtes
not confer the power on the Territorial Legisla-
ture to regulate the subject of slavery, but leaves
it to the "people" of the Territory. There is
where the difficulty arises. The point is, when
are the people to regulate it? Some say, when
they are sufficiently numerous to form a State
Constitution for themselves they can regulate the
subject of slavery. This is the southern view.
Others say they can regulate it at all times—as
well while they are a Territory as when they are
a State. The question is often asked, if there is
any difference between the people of a Territory
and a State, why should not the people of a
Territory have just as much right as the people
of a State to regulate their own affairs?
Now, sir, it was for the purpose of arriving at
a definition of what was intended by that bill,
which is construed differently in different parts
of the country, that I offered this proposition,
which states distinctly that the Nebraska bill was
intended to confer on the people of the Territory,
through their Territorial Legislature, the right at
any time to exclude slavery or allow it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Perhaps I know folly as
well as my colleague how that question is dis-
cussed in the Northwest. I say the construc-
tion put upon it has been this: by the sixth sec*
tion of the Kansas-Nebraska act we conferred
on the Territorial Legislature authority to legis-
late on aH rightful subjects of legislation, not ex-
cepting slavery; then another clause declared it
to be the true intent and meaning of the act not to
legislate slavery into the Territory, or to exclude
it therefrom; but to leave the people thereof per-
fectly free to form and regulate their domestic in-
stitutions in their own way, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States; and, therefore,
all power which it iB competent or possible for
Congress to confer on the Territorial Legislature,
is conferred by that act. It is conferred subject
to the limitations of the Constitution; but those
words do not alter or affect the meaning of the
clause. I say, then, the act does give this power
to the Territorial Legislature, unless the Consti-
tution of the United States prohibits it.
That is the way in which the friends of the
Nebraska bill have argued the question, but its
opponents wish to know how I think the court
will decide the constitutional question. I say I
tan willing to leave that to the Supreme Court of
the United States, because the Constitution has
intrusted it there.
Now, I am ready to meet my colleague, if he
wants to go on the stump on this question. We
vote down his proposition becauseit is improper
to attach it to tnis bill. I intend to hold them to
their votes. They have now said by their votes
that it was the true intent and meaning of that
act to allow the people of a Territory to prohibit
slavery through their Territorial Legislature. I
hope my colleague will never deny that here-
after. Everybody on the other side of the ®ham-
ber has said by his vote that it was the true
intent and meaning of that act to leave the
question to the Legislature of the Territory.
They have so voted because they say it ie per-
tinent to this bill to declare that.' Then I hope
that, when they come to argue the question with
us before the people, they Will not deny that this
was the true mtent and meaning of the act. They
know that we vote against putting it on this bill,
because it is improper to put it here, although it
is just what the act declares. Now we under-
stand each other, and I hope, therefore, we shall
have no further controversy.
Mr. CASS. I have heard*this subject men-
tioned repeatedly, but I never took any notice of
it before. It is said there is a difference of con-
struction between the North and the South on
the Kansas-Nebraska act. Necessarily it must
be so; and if the honorable gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] could not see that, he
was not able to see very far into this millstone.
Those who believe that slavery goes to the Ter-
ritories under the Constitution, propria vigore, of
course believe that no power is given to the
Legislature to prohibit slavery. But those who
believe, as I do, that there is no such con-
stitutional provision, believe, of cours«, that the
Territorial Legislature has the power to legislate
on this, as on any other subject. The difference
does not result from the words of that bill, but
from the nature of things. The North and the
South construe the Constitution differently. The
South consider that the Constitution gives them
the right of carrying their slaves anywhere in
the Territories. If they are right, you can give
no power to the Territorial Legislature to inter-
fere with them. The major part of the North
believe that the Constitution secures no such
right to the South. They believe, of course, that
this power is given to the Legislature.
I repeat to the honorable Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Thitmbull] there is nothing equivocal in
the act. The different constructions of it result
from no equivocation of it, but from the fact that
here is an important constitutional question un*
determined by tha supreme judicial authority;
