798
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Juh' 2,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Hale, Mr. Douglas, etc.
SENATE.
and in the meantime individuals in different sec-
tions of the Union put their own construction x>n
it. We are necessarily brought to that state Of
things. There is no power which the Senator
from Illinois can use—no words which he can put
into an act of Congress, that will remove this
constitutional doubt until it is finally settled by
the proper tribunal.
The Senator says it is contended by many that
the provisions of that bill have reference to the
power of the people when they are establishing a
State government. Why, sir, when the people
are forming a State government they do not come
to Congress to get power to establish their con-
stitution. They want no such power from you.
You have no right to give it. All the power you
can exercise on that point is to bring them to-
gether; but when they are once brought together
they are totally independent of you When I
refer to the principle of the Kansas-Nebraska act,
I mean the great principle of the right of the
people to legislate for themselves. I have never
heard any man deny the right of the people of a
State to allow slavery. I have heard a Senator
to-day say, that if a State came here with such
a provision in her constitution, he would not
▼ote to admit her; but I did not hear even him
say that they had not the power to do it. 1 have
never known a man in this broad land who de-
nied the power of the people of any State to in-
sert in their Constitution a provision excluding
Then, that is no principle of the Kansas act.
It is all idle to talk of that being the principle of
that act. Sir, that is not a principle dependent
on you. It belongs to the people themselves. It
is a portion of their rights which you cannot take
away. It is not given by this act, jior secured by
* this act. It exists without the act. !
I say, again, that any doubts whichv arise
upon that bill result from the nature of things.
Whether you provided that what they did should
be subject to the Constitution of the United States
or not, always appeared to me to be perfectly
immaterial for a very plain reason. If you pass
^legislative act contrary to the Constitution, it is
void; and it makes no difference whether or not
you provide that it shall be subject to the Con-
stitution. The insertion of those words does not
strengthen one power. • It does not create or re-
move a doubt.
Mr. HALE. I ask the attention of the Sena-
tor from Michigan for a moment. I have heard
> much about the " great principle of the Kansas-
" Nebraska bill." The Senator from Michigan
says that great principle is not that the people
have the power to introduce or exclude slavery
in the formation of a State constitution. Will
he be kind enough to tell me what the great prin-
ciple of that bill it ?
Mr. CASS. The honorable gentleman might
liave saved himself that question. I have already
said, the great principle of that bill is the recog-
nition of the right of the people of a Territory to
legislate for themselves over all subjects not pro-
hibited by tlie Constitution. That act first em-
bodied these words in our statute-book. That
is all there is of it. The great principle of that
act, in my opinion, is the principle which, on the
24th of December, 1622, your ancestors and mine
adopted the day before they landed at Plymouth
beach. As I observed the other day, it was quite
a child then, but it grew up on the 4th of July,
1776, to be a man. Lord North then—the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire now—calls it squatter
sovereignty, and endeavors to slur it over; but let
me tell him that it is not to be beaten down by
any epithet. I call it the right of man to govern
himself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Pray, sir, for what pur-
pose were these words put into the Kansas and
Nebraska act if they did not mean anything?
Why was it said that the true intent and mean-
ing of that act was to leave the people perfectly
free to form and regulate their domestic institu-
tions in their own way ?
Mr. CASS, if the honorable Senator refers to
me, he mistakes me. Those are not the words
to which I'have alluded. I spoke of the clause,
"subjectonly to the Constitution of the United
States."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Welf, why put in the
words that the people should be perfectly free to
form and regulate their domestic institutions in
their own way ?
Mr. CASS. So that there should be no doubt.
They were put in to prevent dispute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But when you get those
words in, you say they neither give to the Ter-
ritorial Legislature the right to regulate slavery,
nor take it from them, but leave the matter ex-
actly where it would be if those words were not
used. -~
Mr. CASS, I am sure the honorable Senator
would not misrepresent me. I said no such thing.
The honorable Senator misapprehends me en-
tirely. I day those words, with respect to their
right to legislate for themselves .refer to their rights
as a Territory, and not to their right to exclude
or admit slavery when they come to act in their
sovereign capacity as a State in forming a consti-
tution, for I .believe they do not hold it from Con-
gress. The right secured to them by that bill is
the right of the people of a Territory to legislate,
while in a territorial condition, over all subjects
not incompatible with the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe I understand
the distinguished Senator from Michigan.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I can tell my colleague the
reason why. those words were inserted, for I
myself had them inserted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You may give it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. He says I may give it. I
supposed he was asking in good faith, and wished
an answer to his question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; go on.
Mr; DOUGLAS. In a celebrated discussion
between Mr.Calhoun and Mr. Webster, in the Sen-
ate, it was maintained by the one, and denied by
the other, that the Constitution of the United States
extended to, and operated over, the Territories.
Mr..Webster denied that proposition in an elab-
orate argument. The discussion between them
was a very long and a very able one. The Sen-
ate all agreed that if the Constitution did not, it
ought to, extend over the Territories. All agreed
that the citizens there ought to be under the pro-
tection of the Constitution. Therefore, when I
declared that the people of the Territories should
have the right to regulate their own affairs, I
added," subject to the Constitution of the United
States," so that there should be no quibble as to
whether the Constitution was over the Territo
ries as .well as the States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a word to say as
to the distinguished Senator from Michigan.
I understand him now to declare that the words
of the Kansas act, leaving the people perfectly
free to form and regulate their domestic institu-
tions in their own way, subject to the Consti-
tution, confer on them all legislative power that
the Constitution of the United States will allow
or tolerate. But while he says that, still he does
not decide the question whether those words con-
fer on the Territorial Legislature the right to regu-
late slavery. I understand him to say that in
his own opinion they do.
Mr. CASS. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But he says others un-
derstand it differently. Now, sir, it is to arrive
at the understanding of the Senate on that point,
that I offer the amendment. My colleague says
that we who vote for this proposition declare, of
course, the true intent and meaning of the act to
be to confer on the Territorial Legislature the
right to regulate slavery, and he hopes we shall
not deny it before the people. Very well, sir; I
hope that if he votes against it, he will not deny
' on the stump that he is opposed to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will expose that quibble
now. My colleague said he offered the amend-
ment in good faith, in order to find out the true
intent and meaning of the act; and as he voted
that way, I took his word to be true. I stated
that I voted against his proposition because,
although it expressed the true idea, it was im-
properly attached to this bill. Then he has to
reverse what I said, in order to make his charge
true. If he will represent me as I said, his
charge is not true. He puts into my mouth
words which I did not utter, suppresses those
which I did use§ and, founded on that misrepre-
charge against me which is
scntation, makes a
not true.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator misunder-
stands me. I did not put any words into Ins
mouth. We have not yet voted on this amend-
ment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The one on the point to
which I have alluded has already been voted
down; and I stated at the time, that I voted against
it because it would be improper to attach it to
this bill, although I agreed that its legal effect
was the same as that of the original bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The proposition which
we are discussing, and upon which, according to
my understanding, we have not yet voted, de-
clares the true intent and meaning of the act to
be, to confer on the Territorial Legislature the
right to regulate slavery. We have not yet voted
on that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. What I called attention to
was, that my colleague and all men on the other
side of the House voted affirmatively, and re-
corded the votes by yeas and nays 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a matter of opin-
ion. I do not understand it so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is a matter of importance.
The Senator said that he was trying to find out
the true meaning of the original act, and he and
his friends voted that the meaning was as his
amendment declared. If we had voted against
it because such was not the meaning of the act,
the charge would be true; but we declared that
the amendment expressed the true meaning of
the act, and we voted against it because it was
improper to be attached to this bill, for the reason,
that by this bill we provide for superseding the
territorial government by the establishment ot a
State government. We voted " nay " because
this was the wrong place for it. The other side
voted " yea," because such was the true intent
and meaning of the act.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to enter into the
controversy which is being carried on with zeal
between the Senators from Illinois, but 1 do not
mean to be put in a false position. I understand
that when I vote to declare what is the intent and
meaning of an act, I say what is its legal intend-
ment, and not what was in the minds of the in-
dividuals who passed it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course you say what jts
true intent and meaning was.
Mr. HALE. It would not affect the legal con-
struction of the bill one iota before any judicial
tribunal whatever, if every member of the Senate
should come forward and say that, in passing it,
he intended so and so. The legal intendment of
a bill is to be found on its face. When I vote to
declare the true intent and meaning of an act, I
vote to declare what is its legal intendment, and
not what was in the minds of the Senators who
^M^FESSENDEN. 1 wish also to set myself
right in relation to this matter. I think the Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] will be satisfied
in regard to my own explanation. I do not un-
derstand myself as voting that this was the true
intent and meaning of the act, but simply to make
that amendment to this bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the Secretary will
read the amendment which has been voted down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment now pending. The other am<jn<i-
ment has been disposed of. Senators will be
good enough to confine themselves to the question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have no objection to
the amendment being read, if the Senator desires
U The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the reading
of the amendment asked for ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the pending amend
m Mr.bFESSENDEN. The reading of the pre-
^ That has al-
rCMy fe&DElf' I admit to the Senator
Mr. FESbKINUiii! Jment stated what was
from Illinois that t e intent an(] meaning of
f^PrdJ,°„!Ve Same time 1 dp not admit that
