1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
was a farce. I am now satisfied that it is a farce;
and I believe that tffe farce will only be enacted
t.o its completion, if the remainder of the papers
be read. I do not insist on the further reading of
the papers. I want it to be seen cxactly who it
was that all along objected to having the reading
of thesQ papers dispensed with.
Mr. HICKMAN. I prefer, Mr. Speaker, to
represent my own views and my own sentiments,
rather than to have them represented by the gen-
tleman from Alabama, or any other member.
The paper which I asked to have read has been
road. I ask for nothing more. I do not ask
that any other paper shall be read. If the gen-
tleman from Alabama desires that the other
„ papers shall be read, of course he can make his
wishes known. I prefer that he shall not speak
for me on this or any other occasion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say, in reply
to what the gentleman from Pennsylvania has
said  #
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order; but
if there be no objection the gentleman from
Alabama will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. BARCLAY. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
moves to dispense with any further reading of the
papers. Is there objection ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I object.
Mr. HAVEN. I will make a suggestion with
the consent of the House.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman's proceeding? *
Mr. HAVEN. I do not desire to mix myself
up in this business one way or the other.
Mr. CRAIGE. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. 1IAVEN, I wish to make a suggestion.
I do not wish to be out of order. This" is im-
portant evidence, and a very important report.
They both demand action at our hands at the
proper time; and I want to know whether it
would not be within the sense of the House that
they should be printed at as early a day as pos-
sible, connected with the further suggestion, that
the motion to reconsider the vot£ rejecting the
bill to admit ..Kansas into the Union ns a Strife
be nosfponed milil a day fixed, when the repoit
nnu evidence will be printed. We can then go
on and take up the consideration of other busi-
ness, and when the day fixed upon arrives, we
can consider this matter with a knowledge of all
the facth lontamed in this testimony.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania makes objection, and insists on the
further rending of the report.
Mr, I'LORENCE. If the House will allow
me 1 will state on what terms 1 will withdraw
my demand for the further reading of the report.
AtY. ULfNCrMAN. Does the Chair decide
that a majority of the House cannot prevent the
reading of papers?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not decided
that question.
Mr. CLINCJMAN". Well, I understand that
n member moved to dispense with the further
reading of the report, and the Chair decided the
motion to be out of order.
The SPEAK Eli.. The Chair has not heard
the motion, and has made no decision upon it.
Mr. CLING MAN. Then I move to dispense
wirhthe further reading of the report.
_ Mr. ORAiGE. 1 understood the Chair to de-
cide differently on yesterday. 1 understood the
Chair to decide that anygentleman of this Hou.se
had the right to insist on the reading of the whole
report, and that the reading could not be dispensed
with but by unanimous consent. " Now, when ;
this romnnttec has transcended the power given I
it by the resolutions under which it was created, l
by reporting their views instead of the testimony,
i desire tluit all the report be read.
i ii. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 call for the pre-
vious queHt wn on the motion to dispense with the
further reading of the report.
Mr. i' LORE^SCE. T object to the resolution, '
and mMst jm the further reading of the report.
^ Mi. K iltKbDALE. I wish to read the decis-
lon or the C.kiir on this very point. It is in this
day s Globe.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will allow
the Cxiau to state that no motion on this subicct
has been mad© before in the proceeding, and the
Chair has made no decision whatever. The
Chair has stated that the report of the committee
which is covered by the motion to print and refer
must be read if the members of the House desire
it. The Chair will refer to that passage in the
Maaual bearing directly on the point:
" Formerly, when papers were referred to a committee
they used to be first read, but of late, only the title?, unless
a member insists they shall be read, and then nobody ean
oppose it."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
Chair if he does not recollect that on yesterday
I called for the reading of the 57th rule? The
rule was read; and then the Chair said that that
rule referred to papers on which no action of the
House was to be had; that papers on which the
House had to act must be read if any one mem-
ber insisted on it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the same
opinion still.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Let me read the decision
which the Speaker made yesterday.
Mr. JONES. Does the Chair then entertain
the motion of the gentleman from North Car-
olina?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee will understand that'll is the duty of the
Chair > to entertain the motion unless there is
objection to if.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to it.
Mr. CRAIGE. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania insisted on the reading of the paper; so
did I; and so did others; and therefore the mo-
tion was objected to.
Pho SPEAKER. The Chair begs to say that
objection was not taken to the motion of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina when it was made.
Subsequently the gentleman from Pennsylvania
did object. When the question of order is raised
the Chair will decide the question in accordance
with the principles of the Chair's decision of
yesterday.
Mr. CRAIGE. I raise the question of order,
that the motion of the gentleman fiom North
Carolina is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that a member called on to vote on the reference
ol papers has the ri^ht, before voting, to have
those papers read.
Mr. CLJN( i MAN. I appeal from that decision.
Mr. LEITER. 1 would like to know what
gentleman now demands the further reading of
the papers? l)o I understand that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] demands
the reading of the testimony?
Mr. HOUSTON". Is this debatable?
The SPEAKER. The appeal is not debata-
ble, the main c|ucstion having been ordered.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. 1 susk the Chair to have
tin rule read which bears tipon this question. It
is, I believe, the 57ill rule, and the. rules of the
House of course override the Manual.
The Clerk read the 57th rule, as follows:
" U'licn llio re.uini" of a pujioi (-ailed for, and tiie
same u oli|!'i led In hj .my meinlici, it shall 1)0 lletMllullOll
by 11 vote of tlie House."
I Mr. LL1TKR. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Ftoimxci.] if he calls for the
reading of the testimony?
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 do.
Mr. LEITKR. You do?
Mr. KLOl.EiNCE. Most assuredly.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for the yeas and nays
Oil the appeal.
Mr. YvAtSIJISUItNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the appeal upon the table.
Mr. HICKMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays 011 that motion.
Air. COB!], ot Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to appeal to the gentlemen vv'ho have made the
objection to withdraw it, and let tins subject be
disposed of. I apprehend that no gentleman hern
desires to consume the time that will be con-
sumed in reading these papers. Those of us who
objected to the reading' of the report can make
nothing now by havms the additional papers
read. They aie very voluminous, and the read-
ing of them would probably consume one or two
days, and perhaps longer. I therefore make the
appeal to every genthraan on this floor to with-
draw objection, and allow the public business to
be carried on.
Mr. FLORENCE. I appreciate the force of
the appeal made by the gentleman from Georgia.
1 do not desire to hear these papers read, and will
not insist on the reading, if the suggestion made
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven]
is concurred in bytheHouse. I believe that this
testimony is, perhaps, important for the consid-
eration of the bill which was defeated the day
before yesterday; and if, by genei'al consent, the
suggestion of the gentleman from New York is
concurred in, I will withdraw the objection.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania withdraw the objection?
Mr. FLORENCE. I do.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] asked consent that the further
reading of the papers may be dispensed with.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Flor-
ence] objected; he now withdraws that objection.
Mr. LEITER. Was it withdrawn with the
understanding that the House would agree to the
suggestion of the gpntleman from New York?
Mr. FLORENCE. I am appealed to by my
friends, and I now make an unconditional with-
drawal of the objection. I do not desire to stand
in opposition to the general wish of the House.
The SPEAKER. Unless the objection be
renewed, the reading of the papers will be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. BOWIE. I want the papers read.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know how the
motion was submitted for the printing of the
report. Leave was given to my colleague [Mr.
Oliver] to file his minority report. My desire
is that all the papers shall be printed together and
shall constitute one document.
The SPEAKER. That is the understanding
of the Chair. The motion of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] as it stands upon the
Journal, will be read.
It was read, as follows:
u That the leport be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions and piintod, and that leave be given to the minonty
ofV.ud committee to submit a leport at any tune within ten
tluy-i, and to take additional t< stunou). ami, when sub-
mitted, that flic surie be icioiicd to the Committee of Elec-
tion"; and punted."
Mr. PHELPS. Be printed as one document?
The SPEAKER. It will be so printed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. My m.otion
was not that they should-be printed together.
Mr. PHELPS. Then if that be the case, I
shall renew the objection to dispensing with
the reading of the testimony j_,et all the docu-
ments be printed together, and then there will
be no objection. I have no desire to weary the
House with the reading of the testimony; but I
think that fairness and justice require that the
reports of the majority and minonty, together
with all the evidence, shall be printed as one
document; and that, wherever the report of the
majority is circulated, having been punted by the
order ot the House, the report of the minority
shall also be circulated as a part and parcel of the
same document.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the Speaker
to say that that will be the case under the order
of the House.
The SPEAKER. TheChairhas alreadystated
it, and will state it again, with the leave of the
gentleman fiom Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS. My remarks were elicited by
the remark of the gcntieirfan from Maine.
j The SPEAKER. No difficulty can arise.
Mr. PHELPS. I am satisfied, and withdraw
the objection.
The SPEAKER. No difficulty can arise under
the motion, as read from the Journal, which is
now pending. If the report of the minority
shall be presented, this motion having been
agreed to, it will be the duty of the Chair to
order that report to be printed; and if it shall be
presented in time, it will be printed with the
majority report. Such is the practice of the
]louse.
Mr. SNEED. And it will be in time if pre-
sented within the ten days allowed for the pre-
sentation of the report ?
I he SPEAKER. It would not be competent
for the Chair to delay the printing of the majority
report.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Do I understand the
Chair to say that the paper which has been read,
and the testimony, will be printed as one docu-
ment ?
The SPEAKER. As one document.
Mr. ALLISON. Is it in order to offer a reso-
lution to print extra copies of the report ?
