■74
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1 st and 2d Sess.
Appropriations.
\ By the act for the relief of Jacob Dodson.
For f fiv a>- a private, during the war, 111 Captain Richard
Owen's company of the California battalion, and who
was dischaiged therefrom on the fourteenth of April, one
thousand eigljt hundred and forty seven, at Los Angles,
in California, all the pay and allowances to winch he
• would be entitled under the eti>ting laws for such ser-
vice, in the same manner as it he had been legally
enlisted in, and honorably discharged from, the service
of the United States, deducting tberefiom the sum of
two hundred and eighty one dollars, paid to hnn by
Colonel J. O. Fi^moiit for Ins services as a member
of the exploring expedition, within the period named
above     • ♦ ♦ • [Indefinite. J
By the act for the relief of William M. F.
Magraw.
For increased expenses and difficulties of carrying the
mails along the route number eight thousand nine hun-
dred and eleven, fioui Independence to Salt Lake, for
the year endmgon the eighteenth day of August, eighteen
hundred ami fi-'ty-six $38,000 00
For lull indemnity for lus claim for property
stolen and destroyed by the Indians, a  in-
cluded in his account filed with the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs  17.750 00
$53,750 00
By the act for the relief of John S. Pendleton.
For his full compensation while employed as Minister of
the United States on special minion to the Oriental
Republic of Uruguay, in the year eighteen hundred and
fitly two, the sum of tune hundred dollars, deducting
therefrom any amount which he may have heretofore
received as compensation in said mission.. .[Indefinite.]
For like full compensation for his services m the
same character to the Republic of Paraguay, in
the vear eighteen hundred and fifty three, nine
thou-and dollais, deducting therefrom any
amount of money he may have heretofore
received as compensation ui said mission to
Paraguay [Indefinite ]
By the act for the relief of Emma Bidamon.
In full payment of the «um adjudged and decreed to her in
lieu of dower by the circuit court of ttie United States
for the district ol Illinois, at the July term, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, m the case of" The United States
vs. Joseph Smith et at." [indefinite.]
By the act making appropriation for the payment
of certain Claims.
To pay to Samuel P. Todd, a purser in the Navy, the
amount of dcpicciation upon certain Treasury notes sold
by hnn for the puipose of paying M-iimrn and others
employed m the United States Delaware flotilla, m the
year eighteen hundred and fourteen  $533 00
To puv to John Shaw, of Wisconsin, in full for
lus Cervices, travel, and attendance, as an m-
tetpreter upon the trial ot certain Winnebago
Indians, ut the year eighteen hundred and
twenty-eight, before the lion. James Dunne
Dotv, at Ptamedu Cluen  1,000 00
To pay Uadorc I). Beaugrand in full for expenses
uii'usicdand money expanded by lam lor >--ub-
sKienci'.quaitcis.and transportation furnished
to Captain Bradleycompany of Ohio volun-
teer.-*, irom the fu>t to the fifth of June inclu-
sive, eighteen hundred and forty-siv, prior to
their being mustered into the scivice of the
United {statesfor the Mexican war..  257 12
$1,810 k
By the act authorizing a settlement of the accounts
of Charles P. Babcock, late Indian agent at
Detroit, m the State of Michigan.
For expend.- incuircil fur prcmium-i mexrhanging gold for
silver com, mid .il o lor one quarter's sidiuy for lus own
services   3J
By the act for the relief of the lc?al representatives
of Captain Joseph H. Whipple, deceased.
For money expended on account of barracks at " Tin key
river"   I,y98 03
schooner having complied with ail the requisitions of law ,
to entitle her to bounty, but was unable to present her j
papeid, they having been consumed by fire.... $-216 00
By the act for the relief of the owners and shares-
men of the fishing schooners Wanderer, Mary,
Olive Branch, Two Brothers, and Brothers.
To the owners of schooner Wanderer, of Bristol, Maine,
asbounty for eighteen hundred and forty-eight, $136 00
To the owners of the schooner Mary, of Brooks-
vdle, Maine, as bounty for eighteen hundred
and fifty-two     137 81
To the owners of the schooner Olive Branch, of
Sedgwick, Maine, as bounty for eighteen bun-
dled and fifty-two    154 90
To the owner* of the schooner Two Brothers, of
Sedgwick, Maine, as bounty for eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two    126 35
To the schooner Brothers, of Lyme, Connecticut,
as bounty forejghteen hundred and fifty-three, 360 00
$915 06
By the act for the relief of Bridget Maher.
For hoarding certain Cherokee Indians from the State of
Noith Carolina, disallowed by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior on the nineteenth of July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
two         $'293 00
By the act for the relief of Charles Stearns
For losses sustained and expenses incurred m defending
lus title to certain lands claimed by the United States,
and also tn defending two criminal prosecutions biought
against him by direction of Secietary of War, $5,000 00
By the act for the relief of Dempsey Fittmai[}.
For lus military services in Florida, in the year eighteen
hundred and Unity-eight .[indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of Norwood McClelland, j
master of steamboat " New AVorld."
For lo^sc< and expenses occasioned by the detention of
the steamboat New Woild,'1 in the Aikansas nver,
while engaged in tian«porung military Mores belonging to
the United Suited fioni New Oilcans to Foit Smith,
dining the year one thousand eight hundred and fift\-
five      $13,689 £6
By the act for the relief of Thomas H. Baird.
To pay to Thomas II. Baird, administiator of the estate of
Absalom Baird, a commissioned surgeon in the Army of
the Revolution, the sum of ten thousand seventy four
dollars and eighty four cents, with mteiest thereon fiom
the twenty-seventh day of Oetobej, eighteen hundred
and live, to the firs>t day of June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, deducting therefiom the sum of twenty-four
hundred dollars paid under the aet ot June twetuy-rtmd,
eighteen hundred and thnty-six $10,874 84
By the act for the relief of Elizabeth V. Lomax,
only surviving child of Captain William Lind-
say, of the Revolution.
For the nrresns of pen-ton due Captain William Lindsay, ;
from the fit ft of October, seventeen hundred and seventy- i
eight, to the first ot September, seventeen hundred and j
mnetj-.-t.vcn    $5,675 00
By the act for the relief of the legal representa-
atives of Zadock Thompson, of Vermont.
For ln« cervices in preparing a historical intioduction to the
returns of the Seventh Census for the State of Ver-
mont      $300 00
By the act for the relief of Levi Robinson.
For fishing bounty for eighteen hundred aud fifty-two, said j
By the act for the relief of Abraham Kintzing.
For the difference between his salary as special Examiner
and that of Assistant Appiaiser, for three months and
twenty five days, the pctiod duung winch he perfoimed
the duties of the lattei office, in addition to his own, in
consequence of the death of its incumbcut $319 50
By the act for the relief of Francis A. Gibbons,
and Francis X. Kelly.
For the balance due them, under their contract with the
United States, tor the budding of light houses in Cali-
fornia and Oregon.    - -  $'31,190 54
By the act for the relief of the heirs of Jabez B.
Rooker, deceased.
For the time he was actually employed in the office of
the Commissioner of Public Building, subsequently to
the third day of March, eighteen hundred and toity-
  [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of JohnH. Scranton and
James M. Hunt.
For conveying the United States mail on Puget Sound, in
the years one thousand eight hundred and fifty-four and
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five $7,i*33 33
By the act for the relief of Adam D. Steuart, and
of Alexander Randall, executor of Daniel
Randall.
To pay a commission of one per cent, upon such amounts
ot money as were respectively collected by the said
Adam I). Steuait and Daniel Randall, and by them dis-
bursed or paid into the Tieasuiv of the United States, in
vntue of the authonty specially invested in them, by
order of the commanding general of the United States
Army, and arising fioni duties on imports, taxes, or
other assessments m Mexico, during the late war with
that Republic..   [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral John B. Walbach, of the United States
Army.
For the extra services performed by the said Walbach, aa
aid-de-camp to General Wilkinson, commissioner of the
United States to treat with the western [ndians, in the
years one thousand eight hundred and one, and one
thousand eight hundred and two  [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of Isaac Cook and
others.
For the use of the schooner "Tempest," belonging to
thein and impieased by Major J. G. Camp, in the month
of September, anno Domini one thousand eight hundred
and fourteen     ....-$200 00
By the act for the relief of Franck Taylor.
For the amounts of duties paid by or for him to the collect-
ors of the ports of New York and Philadelphia upon im-
portations of quills, by or for him, during the years eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-three, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, and eighteen hundred and fifty-five.. .[Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief f Anthony Rankin, of
Tennessee.
For the amount paid by said Rankin in eighteen hundred
arid fouitecn, while engaged in the military service of the
United States, for medical aid andauendance when con-
fined by severe illness   $'30 00
By the act for the relief of John Poe, of Lou-
isville, Kentucky.
For his services in purchasing horses and mules for the
Army of the United States in eighteen hundred and forty-
six  j   .$752 50
By the act for the relief of Josiah S. Little.
For a piece of land to which he lost title by the operation
of the fouith article of the " Tieaty to settle and define
the boundanes between the territories of the United
States and the possessions of her British Majesty,"
&c., of the ninth of August, eighteen hundred and forty-
two.     $1,000 oo
By the act for the relief of Nathan M. Lounsbury.
For arrears of Pension, from the eighteenth day of March,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, to the fourth day of Fetv-
luary, eighteen hundred and twenty-six    $75C 00
By the act for the relief of John H. Scranton and
James M. Hunt, owners of the steamer Major
Tompkins.
For the services rendered, and for the risk, loss, and dam-
ages incurred in saving the United Stales mails and
treasure, and m rescuing the passengers and crew which
were on boai d the steamer Southerner, at the time of the
wieck of that vessel on the uninhabited coast of Wash-
ington Teintory, in the month of December, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-four, and for the clothing
and subsistence necessarily furnished to said passengers
and crew $'9,600 00
By the act for the relief of John M. Mcintosh.
For the amount of two accounts against the Government,
duly certified to he correct, m favor of John Clutes and
Jacob Hart, for eighty-two dollars each; said accounts
being on duplicate certificates, the originals having been
lost and considered as canceled $164 00
By the joint resolution authorizing the Secretary
of the Interior to settle the accounts of Oliver
M. Wozencraft.
For actual disbursements made by him $7,000 00
By the joint resolution for the relief of Dr. Wil-
liam P. A. Hail, late of Tennessee volunteers
in the Mexican war.
For medical services rendered to the volunteers while
serving in Mexico, upon the following pnnciples, to wit:
to allow said Dr. Hail the pay of assistant suigeon while
engaged in pro!es-«ional sei vices, with the consent of his
commanding officer, deducting therefrom the amount
paid to said Hail as a pnvate in the first regiment of
Tennessee volunteeis, during the period he performed
the duties of surgeon   .[Indefinite.]
By the resolution for the settlement of the ac-
counts of Charles M. Strader and Edward P.
Johnson, mail contractors.
For the discontinuance of that part of their aforesaid con-
tract under the older of the Postmaster General, dated
sixth of Febiuary, eighteen hundied and foity-one, as
may appear by the records of the Post Office Depart-
ment [Indefinite.]
By the act to supply an omission in the Enroll-
ment of a certain act.
For the completion of the marine hospital at Cincinnati,
Ohio $86,000 00
For unpiovmg Battery and Washington streets,
and load-way O P aiound the custom-house
at San Francisco, California  13,401 30
$99,401 30
