1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1535
The SPEAKER. It cannot be received except
by unanimous consent.
Several Members objected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
there is no objection to the request of the gentle-
man from Qliio that the further reading of the
documents be dispensed with.
Mr. McCtUEEjN". If I understood the Chair
correctly, he stated that the minority report
would be printed with the majority report, if it
came in in time. But will the majority report
be detained for ten days before it is printed?
The SPEAKER. It is not competent for the
Chair to detain the report of the majority of the
committee, if it shall be ordered to be printed;
but ifthe minority report is sent m in time, they
will be printed together. Such is the practice of
the House.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The Chair has cor-
rectly stated the question; and the resolution itself,
fixing the time within which the minority report
is to be submitted to the House, clearly instructs
-gShe Chair and the officers of the House. If the
minority report is presented within that time, it
will be considered as presented in time to be
printed in connection with the majority report.
That is the proper construction, and I so under-
stood the Chair to say.
Mr. WALKER. 1 confess that I have under-
stood the ruling of the Chair differently from my
friend from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb.] I think that
the resolution proposed yesterday provides for
the reception and printing of the incoming mi-
nority report within the space of ten days. I
understand the Chair now to rule that the minority,
and majority reports, together with the accompa-
• nying testimony, shall be printed as one docu-
ment, provided the minority report comes in
within time for printing. .Now, the question
which I put to the Chair is this: Do I properly
understand the Chair, when it uses the term
" within time," to refer to the time prescribed by
the resolution for the incoming of the minority
report, and that it will be printed with the ma-
jority report if presented before that time expires?
The SPEAKEP*.. It is not exactly a question
of order for the Chair to decide. The Chair states
it to be the practice of the House—and which will
probably be the result of this order—to have the
papers sent to the printer. It is manifest that
they cannot be printed within the time specified;
and if, before that time, and before the printing
be completed, the minority report be sent in, it
will be coupled with the other document, as one
document, unless there be some insuperable diffi-
culty to its being so. The reports of the majority
and of the minority of the committee will be in-
cluded in the one document.
Mr. J ONES, of Tennessee. I understand from
the Cluiir, that if the minority report be not de-
layed beyond the ten days, it and the majority
report wi'l be printed together.
The SPEAKER. That is the understanding
of the Chair.
Mr. NICHOLS. I wish to make a statement.
It is just this: This resolution to print refers to
the official copies for the use of the members
hero—to the regular members. Now, 1 wish to
say to members—all of them—that thisdoeument,
tiie report thatlias been read and the accompany-
ing testimony—cannot be printed and placed upon
the table within ten days; and that, if the minor-
ity report be made within ten days,^it will be in
ample* time to accompany the rest of the papers,
and will bo printed.
Several Members. That is satisfactory; that
is right. i
Mr. GROW. I desire to understand whether .
the proposition about this printing has coupled \
with it the question of the postponement of the j
Kansas question ? . j
'The SPEAKER. There is no condition pro-
posed. Tiie gentleman from Ohio asks the con- j
sent of thf House that the further reading of the j
report be dispensed with. j
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I must object, un- j
less the proposition be accompanied with the un- ;
del-Standing suggested by the gentleman from j
New York, [Mr. Haven.] I shall insist upon .
that objection, unless it be distinctly understood ;
that the consideration of the question which we j
had up yesterday goes with it. ]
Tiie SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken- ,
lucky objects.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. X hope the
reading will be now pioceeded with. [Calls of
"Read on!" "Read on!"]
Mr. CLINGrMAN. What will become then of
my appeal? I have appealed from tlft decision
of the Chair.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The only object on
earth that 1 have—I have no feeling in regard to
this matter-—is to save the time of the House,
which I think ought to be appropriated to the
public business, and too much of which' has been
already consumed in this matter, as I think.
I therefore appeal to my friend from Kentucky,
as I have appealed to other members of the House,
that, as no good objcct can be accomplished by
the reading of these papers, he will withdraw his
objection. In respect to the terms on which he
desires to place it, my own mind is not satisfied
that I should prefer that mode, fam indifferent
in regard to it; and I do trust that my friend from
Kentucky will withdraw his objection, and not
force the House to consume time unnecessarily
in regard to this matter. I submit to him, and
to all the gentlemen of the House, that, if they
will cast their eyes on the condition of the public
business, and on the time of the session to which
we have now arrived, they will perceive the truth
of this remark, that every hour of your time is
necessary for the discharge of the public business,
if we intend to adjourn this session of Congress
at all.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I withdraw my
objection.
Mr. QUITMAN. I renew the objection.
[Cries of "Read!" "Read!"]
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the appeal taken by Mr. Clincman.
Mr. aUITMAN. I wish to state to the
House, Mr. Speaker, the purpose for which I
renew the objection.
The SPEAKER. It can only bo done by gen-
eral consent.
Several members objected.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I trust there will be
no objection. Let us pursue a course which may
save time. Let my friend from Mississippi state
the reason of his objection, and it may be re-
moved. * •
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will be heard.
Mr. QUITMAN. I wish to see the decision
of the House on the appeal taken by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, as to whether any
papers can be read here without the consent of
the House. It is for that purpose that I make
the objection; that that appeal may come up, and
that the point of order may be decided. When
it is decided I will withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The gentlsman from North Carolina
moved that the further reading of the report of
the committee be dispensed with. Objection
being made, and a question of order being raised,
the Chair decides that, as the motion pending is
that the report be printed and referred to commit-
tees, it is the right of a member of the House to
have that report read. The Chair asks leave
simply to make this suggestion, that according to
the understanding of the Chair,_ the 57th lule
refers to pa[>ers laid before the House 0:1 which
110 action of the House is to be had—as, for ex-
ample, if the question of admitting the State of
Kansas be the pending question, and a member
of the House should ask that the report of the
committee of investigation be read, the Chair
would decide that it was not the right of a member
to have that report read, because no action of the
House was called for on that report; but if the
motion were suUnitted that a report bearing on
that question should be read, it would be the duty
of the Chair to submit the motion, and the ma-
jority would have the power to decide. That is
the Chair's understanding of the application of
the 57th rule—that it refers exclusively to papers
on which no action of the House is had. The
Chair desires to say nothing more on this question,
than to refer to the paragraph, already read from
the Clerk's desk, on thc94h page of the Manual,
which is, that where a paper is to be referred to
a committee, if a member insists that it shall be
read, no other member can object. No member
of the House can be more desirous than the Chair
to relieve itself of the difficulty which is now
impending over the House.
Mr. CLING MAN. I do not want to argue
tiie question with the Chair; it is not debatable.
I might have objected to the Chair speaking
under the previous question, as any gentleman
might objectto my speaking. But, I only desire
to make a statement to the Chair, and merely te
say that the distinction taken by the Chair is one
which has not been taken by any one of his pre-
decessors during my time here. I can, refer to
many decisions to the contrary effect. There
have been instances where the question has come
before us in regard to the President's message,
communications from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and other heads of Departments, and public
documents; and where, in those cases, a motion
was made to dispense with the reading, the motion
was determined by the vote of the House. I could
refer to many such instances if I were to look
back. But I merely wish to say now that it is
obvious to the Chair and to the House, that if the
decision of the Chair be sustained, it will put it in
the power of one member to frustrate and delay
the action of the House on any question; because,
if you have got to read the President's message
and accompanying documents, the Patent Office
reports, and everything of that kind coming before
us, it would be in the power of a single member
to arrest legislation for the whole session. I
regard it, therefore, as important for the House,
if it looks to past precedents—to the past action of
Congress—to overrule this decision of the Chair.
I therefore take an appeal, and call for the yeas
and nays upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have only to
say fhat I hope the yeas and nays will be or-
dered and the decision of the Chair sustained.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. 1 simply desire to
state, in reference to this question, that I believe
theie have been decisions made by your prede-
cessors upon each side of the question. I con-
fess that my own opinion accords with the decis-
ion now pronounced by the Chair, and for the
reasons stated by liim. I think the distinction
made by him is well taken—at least 1 can see at
this time no satisfactory reply; and if the House
comes to a vote on the appeal, I shall vote to
sustain the decision of the Chair. But, sir, I do
not think that any practical object can be attained
by consuming any more time upon this subject.
If the gentleman from Mississippi, however?
desires to have a decision of the House, I have
no objection. *
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For the
purpose of having a direct vote upon sustaining
the decision of the Chair, I will withdraw my
motion to lay the appeal upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks leave to
state that, in his judgment, the distinction made
by him, between the reading of papers upon
which action of the House is to be had, and of
those on which no action is to he taken, covers a
great, principle of right. If the majority of the
House may, by a simple vote, dispense__with the
reading of a paper upon which the House is called
to act, great wrong may be done.
Mr. U.UITMAN. I desire to inquire of the
Chair by whom the objection is made to dispens-
ing with the reading of the testimony ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. A. K. Marshall] objected, and sub-
sequently withdrew his objection. The Chair
then understood the gentleman from Mississippi
to object.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. The Chair states correctly.
But I only object for the purpose of having a
decision of the House upon the appeal taken
from the decision of the Chair.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgmentof the House ?" was taken;
and decided in the affirmative—yeas 175, nays 7;
as follows:
YE-\S—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen. Allison, Ball,
Baibour, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell, Hemv Bennett, llendley
s. Bennett, Benson, BiHin^liurst, Bmgham. Bliss, Bocock,
Bowie, Boyeo,Bradshaw, Branch, Brenton, Brooks, Broom,
Butlinton, Bmimcame, Burnett, James II. Campbell, Lewis
I)...Campbell, Caskie, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Ciark, dawson,
Howe'il Cobb, Williamson II. W. Cobb, Colfax, Cormns,
Covode, Coy, Cragm, Ctawt'ord, Cullen, Cuniback, Dam-
rell, Davidson, Henrv Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Day.
Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, DtJdd, Bowdell. Duricc,
Edte, Elliott, Emne, English, Etberidge, Evans, Faulkner,
flakier, Florence, IlenryM. Fuller, Thomas J. I), fuller,
Gailovvav, Oilbeit, Goode, Granger, Greenwood, (itow,
Augustus Hall, Itobeit B. Hall, J. Morrison Hams, .samp-
soil W. Harris, Herbert, Hickman, Holjoway, Thomas h.
lioiton, Valentine B. Jlorton, Houston, Hcmaid, Hujlistoii,
