800
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess. Admission of Kansas—Mr. Cass. Mr. Brown, Mr. Crittenden, etc.
[July 3,
Senate.
the Constitution, the people of Kansas are lying
in prison under charges of constructive treason,
made by officers under this Administration.
Mr. CASS. Will your law be stronger thfin
the Constitution ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that, if we pass a
law directing a nolle prosequi to be entered on
these indictments for constructive treason, the
officers will obey it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennes-
see, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Brown,
Cass, Clay, Dodge, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Geyer,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Ma-
son, Pratt, Pugh, Reid, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Thomp-
son of Kentucky, Toombs, Toucey, Weller, and Wright
—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Collatner,
Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Seward, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—11.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.  
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understand that, by
this vote, the amendment offered by the Senator
from Missouri has been substituted for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. FOOT. The question still pending is on
the amendment as amended.
Mr. STUART. But the Senate has a right to
amend it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the Senator from Kentucky de-
sires to amend the pending amendment before the
vote is taken on it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I propose to let all
that stand, and to add another provision to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let the vote first be taken
on this amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
' is on the amendment as amended, which is to add
to the eighteenth section the following:
No laws shall be .made, or have force or effect in said
Territory, which shall require a test oath, or oath to sup-
port any act of Congress or other legislative act, as a
(salification for any civil office or public trust, or for any
employment or profession, or to serve as a juror, or vote at
an election, or which shall impose any tax upon, or condi-
tion to, the exercise of the right of suffrage by any quali-
fied voter, or which shall restrain or prohibit the free dis-
cussion of any law or subject of legislation in the said
Territory, or the free expression of opinion titereon by the
people of said Territory.
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I shall vote against the amend-
ment, because I really desire, as far as practicable,
to conform to what I understand to be the spirit
of the law of the last Congress. We gave to
these people the uncontrolled power of legislation,
subject only to the Constitution, and I am unwill-
ing to vote any ctbsure on them for what they
have done.
Mr. BROWN. I have not said a word on the
■abject to-night, though I have been frequently
alluded to in the course of the debate. When
we passed the original bill it was my understand-
ing, and I thought that of gentlemen on all sides,
that if any laws w«re passed by the Territory of
Kansas, repugnant to me or the people whom I
represent, 1 was to go to the courts for my rem-
edy; I was to seek it there and nowhere else; and
by no vote of mine here will I establish a better
rule for other people than for myself. If other
gentlemen are dissatisfied, let them go where I and
my constituents have been told we should go—to
the courts—for their remedy. If the Territorial
Legislature of Kansas had passed an act abolish-
ing or prohibiting slavery, I might have stood
here and complained until doomsday, and the
only response I should have had would be, " Go
to the courts for your rights." I knew I had to
go there, and I was content to go; but I want
others, who are dissatisfied with the legislation of
this Territory, to be governed by the same rule
which I understood was to be applied to me.
I do not understand how it is that we are
recognizing the right of a people to manage their
domestic affairs in their own way, and yet when
they do not manage them to suit us we interpose
to set things right. I confess there are provisions
in the legislation of Kansas which I do not ap-
prove; but if we are going to stand by the prin-
ciples imbodied in the original Kansas bill, we
have no business to interpose; it was their right
to pass laws to suit themselves. Whether they
suit us or not, is altogether another question.
It strikes me that this system of legislation is
throwing overboard the " friend" of the Senator
from Michigan. What becomes of the doctrine
of squatter sovereignty, when you are interposing
here to upturn the laws of the people of Kansas ?
Whether you like them or not, they had the right
to make them, and to make them in their own
way. If persons are dissatisfied with them, the
appeal is not to Congress, but to the courts for a
remedy. That is my understanding; and by my
understanding I shall abide and vote.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have been inclined
to support this bill, although I have said nothing
in regard to it. I have scrutinized its provisions
attentively, and think it fair and just to all sec- j
tions of the country. I concur, however, in the
sentiments which have just been avowed by my <
friend from Mississippi. When we passed the j
Kansas-Nebraska bill I understood that the doc-
trine of non-intervention should prevail. If I
had been a 'resident of Kansas, I think it very
likely that some of the laws passed by the Legis-
lature of that Territory would not have received
my sanction. I dccnot feel called upon, on this
flni and in this way, to express any opinion on
the subject. Test oaths, in religion or in politics,
have never found anv favor with me, and I feel
assured never will. The question with me now
is, whether we shall abandon the doctrine of non-
intervention, and override any of the laws ofy
Kansas, as is proposed in the amendment. For
one, I am unwilling at this time, and under the
Eresent circumstances, to do so. I do not wish,
owever, to prolong this discussion, and will
. close by expressing my purpose to vote against
the amendment.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I shall vote for
the amendment. I am as strongly opposed to in-
terfering with the legislation of a Territory as
any man, but I take it for granted that if you
have a right to pass an organic law—and this is
conceded by a majority, in fact by the whole
Senate—and you find that law is inefficient, or
badly construed, or badly administered, you have
a right to pass a supplemental law. Now, there
is no doubt that some of the statutes passed by
the Legislature of Kansas are a disgrace to the
age and the country. I repeat the strong expres-
sion—a disgrace to the age and the country. Such
is my firm conviction. Heavy penalties are im-
posed to prevent the people from arguing what is
almost a question of abstract right. Now, I ask
you, how have the people of Kansas full liberty
to pass laws establishing their domestic relations
; for themselves, if they are not allowed to discuss
\ them. It is inconsistent with the organic act.
i Mr. BROWN. They have passed those laws
; themselves.
Mr. CASS. But that does not alter our law;
that does not alter the right of the people of the
Territory. There are many of them, I think,
who do not agree to those laws. If we have
given them the right of settling their domestic
institutions, it necessarily includes the right of
discussing thftn. They give you that right on
the Bosporus. If they gave you the right of
action there, they would give you the right of
arguing. I approve the main body of the Kan-
sas laws, so far as I understand them; I am not
foing to interfere with their internal relations; but
am willing to lay down, as is done in this bill,
from the Constitution of the United States, cer,!
tain great fundamental, elementary principles- j
without which, freedom is not worth a straw, j
That is fully within the competence of Congress, |
as I think, if we are competent to take any step j
at all. Sir, some of these fundamental principles j
are as dear to the American people as their heart's
blood. They were acquired by our ancestors.
They have been transmitted to us. They are
palpably and plainly violated in some of the
Kansas laws. j
Mr. ADAMS. I have but a few words to say J
in reference to this question. Great complaint is j
made that the objectionable portion of the acts of j
Kansas amount to a violation of the organic law, j
which organic law confers on the people the
power of establishing their own domestic institu- ]
tions in their own way, leaving them perfectly |
free to do so. That law exhausted itself, and
was complete when they established those insti-
tutions. Every objection which has been made
to these laws lias no foundation in fact. The
people there have established the character of
their institutions; and having done so, the right
or privilege secured by the organic act has ex-
hausted itself. Then it follows, as a matter of
course, that when we have freely conferred on
them the power of legislation, they have a right
to pass such laws as they may deem necessary,
in order to sustain their institutions. They have
passed just such laws—not perhaps exactly in
the language, but substantially the same—as the
States maintaining the institution of slavery have
found it necessary to pass to sustain their rights.
In the State in which I have the honor to live,
we prohibit the circulation of incendiary pam-
phlets, as they are called, which mean nothing
more nor less than the language objected to and
provided against in this act. Men are punished
for it: so in nearly all the States where the insti-
tution of slavery exists. The mistake which is
made here is in reference to the question which
I have already called to the attention of the Sen-
ate. * These people have acted in conformity with
the provisions of the act of Congress.
But, sir, I have a further objection to this prop-
osition. It is child's play, it seems to me, to
confer on the people the right of legislating, and
then, after broadly and unconditionally conferring
on them the right of legislating for themselves, to
say that Congress shall supervise their work.
Why, sir, Congress expressly refused to retain
the power of revising the legislative acts of the
Territory, but now you are proposing to declare
null and void such parts as do not suit you. I
believe in the doctrine contended for by the Sena-
tor from Michigan, that the people have a right
to control themselves, and that it is a usurpa-
tion of power, unauthorized by the Constitution,
for Congress to legislate for the people of a Terri-
tory. So believing, I cannot vote to repeal a law
which has been passed by them, whether I ap-
. prove it or not. I concur with my colleague [Mr.
Brown] on that point. I cannot approve these
provisions; but I cannot and will not vote to re-
peal a law passed by the Legislature, after having
once conferred on them the power to pass it. 1
do not believe Congress ought to have the right
to do this; I think it is not a safe principle.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The objections which
are urged against tbis proposition apply to nearly
every section of this bill. We are the sovereigns.
The people in the Territories- have no right of
sovereignty. The people of the United States
are the masters and owners and rulers of the Ter-
ritory. The people there have such power as we
delegate to them, and none other. But, sir, you
promised in the organic law, that these people
should be left perfectly free to vote, and decide
by their votes tnia question which you have sub-
mitted to them; and yet you say you will not re-
peal that incumbrance on the right of suffrage,
which actually prostrates it, and renders it useless
to an honest and conscientious man. Forinstance,
you impose an oath, as a condition preliminary
to their voting, that they shall swear to support
this or that law.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is all excluded by the
terms of the bill, which provide that no other
qualification shall be imposed but those which it
provides.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. This does it also.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But it is already done.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Gentlemen are object-
ing that it is not.
ilr. DOUGLAS. But it is done, in so many
words, in another part of the bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Oh, no, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. The mistake .can easily be
explained. The gentleman from Missouri is pro-
viding for the contingency of the bill not SOI"S
into effect. The Senator from Illinois is perfectly
correct; there is no disqualification under my
bill. But the Senator from Kentucky, I presume,
desires to provide for the contingency o l
going into effect, and the Territorial Leg^laUire
continuing in power. I presume he intends to
affect the fxistfng laws of the Territory as incon-
sistent with the provisions of the bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 desire to make it per-
