76
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong.... and 2d Sess.
Appropriations.
By the act providing: for the necessary increase
and better organization of the Medical and
Hospital Department of the Army.
Tour additional surgeons and eight additional assistant
surgeons to be appointed.
Hospital &tewaids to be appointed, not exceeding one for
each military post, with the i<mk, pay, and emoluments of
sergeants of ordnance.
By the act to regulate the Diplomatic and Con-
sular systems of the United States.
An assistant secretary of' ,ation authorized for London,
and another for Paris, at tl xte of one thousand five hun-
dred dollars each, per an in
An interpreter authorized for the legation to China, when
the secretary of legation shall not be acting as such, at a
galary of five thousand dollars per annum,
A dragoman authorized to be appointed for the legation
to Turkey, when the secretary of legation shall not act as
such, at an annual compensation of one thousand dollars.
A consul-general at Havana, in Cuba, at an annual salary
of mx thousand dollars.
A consul-general at Constantinople, in Turkey, at an
annual salary of three thousand dollars.
A consul-general at Frankfort-on-the-Mam, at an annual
salary of three thousand dollars.
A consul at Prince Kdward's Island, at an annual salary
of one thousand dollars.
A consul at Moscow and Revel, each, at an annual salary
of two thousand dollars.
A consul at Oporto, in Portugal, at an annual salary of
onp thousand tivo hundred dollars.
A consul at Cobija, in Bolivia, at an annual salary of five
hundred dollars.
A commcrcial agent at Amoor river, in fluss>ia in Asia,
at an annual salary of one thousand dollars.
By the. act making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian Depart-
ment, and for fulfilling: Treaty stipulations with
the various Indian 'ribes for the year ending-
June 30, 1857.
An additional Indian an nteastof the Itocky Mountains,
at an annual salary not exceeding one thousand five iiuu-
dred dollars.
By the act making appropriations for certain
Civil Expenses of Government for the year
ending- Jane 30, 1857.
^ Four additional dorks to ho appointed by the Postmaster
General, of class No. l,at an annual salary of one thousand
two hundred dollar^.
Two additional pimeipa' examiners and two assistant
examiners ot patents authorized to be appointed, and uaid
in the manner provided by law.
A special examiner ol drugs authorized, for San Fran-
cj-co, at an annual salaty of two thousand dollars.
Chaplain of the United State's penitentiary authorized to
rcccive fit hundred dollars per annum.
One clerk, class No. 4, m the oilice of Topographical
Ihigineers.
'me elm k of class No. 4, in the office of the Secretary of
the Interior.
By the act making appropriations for the Legis-
lative, Executive, and Judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1857. j
One additional clerk authorized to be employed in the !
ofhee of the T /pograplneal Engineers, of class No. 4. j
< hie .tddmnuai elf ik in the office of the Sceietary of the
Interior, of class No. 4.
Two temporary clerks in the same office, of class No. 2.
Oncclerkof r! -sNo.O, m the office of the Filth Auditor. ;
One clerk of Ja&s No.m the office of the First Comp- \
li oiler. |
One cleik of class No. 4, in the office of the Register. j
By the act to amend an act entitled "An act
requiring foreign regulations of Commerce to
he laid annually before Congress," approved
August 1G, 1«42, and for other purposes.
A Hipnoiiiciidcii! <>f ^t;Lt!*tiej;iuthorf7.ed to be appointed,
at a >alaiy m tv tho<j-aud dollars per annum.
An UsM^taat to the &up"nntendent of statistics to be ap-
pointed, to reeene the salary of a clerk of class No. 3.
By the act to continue the Land Office at Vin-
cennes, and to ascertain and adjust the titles to
certain kinds in the States of Indiana and Illi-
nois, formerly included in the Vmcennes land
district,
A cointrn^-ionerto be appointed, (learned in the law,) at
a (.alary of tin ee thousand dollars per annum.
A register and receiver of the land office at Vincennes to
be appointed, the land office at Vmcennes to be reestab-
lished and reorganized, and the register aud receiver to act
as commissioners with the said person learned in the law,
to perform the duties prescribed, who shall receive such
compensation for their services as may be just and proper
in the discretion of the Commissioner of the General Laud
Office.
III. — Officers, the salaries of whom have
been increased, and tiie rate of such in-
crease.
By the act making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy, for the year ending
30th of June, 3857.
To the librarian, the assistant librarian, a sum not ex-
ceeding one hundred and fifty dollars, in addition, to be
allowed to each. To the non-commissioned officer in
charge of mechanics, the soldier acting as clerk to the
Adjutant Oeneial's office,and to the four men in the philo-
sophical and chemical department, and lithographic office,
fifty dollars additional, each, per annum.
By the act to amend an act entitled " An act to
establish aCourt for the Investigation of Claims
against the United States,99 approved February
24, 1855.
The clcrk of the court to receive an annual salary of
three thousand dollars, instead of two thousand dollars per
annum.
By the act making appropriations for the Naval
service 'for the year ending the 30th June,
1857.
Each purser attached to a smaller vessel than a frigate
allowed a clerk m lieu ol a steward, at a yearly compensa-
tion of four hundred dollars, and one ration per day.
By the act to leguiate the Diplomatic and Con-
sular system of the United States.
Embassadors and envoys extraordinary and ministers
plenipotentiary to Gieat Biitam and France, each $17,500,
being an increase to the minister, &c., to France, of two
thousand live hundred dollars per annum.
Eniba-wadois and envoys extraordinary and ministers
plenipotentiary to Russia, Spam, Austria, Prussia, Brazil,
Mexico, and China, each twelve thousand dollars per
annum.
The same officers at all other countries ten thousand
dollars each per annum.
Ministers resident and commissioners seventy-five per
ccntum, charge d'affaires titty per centum, and secretaires
ol legation fifteen per centum, of the said amounts, re-
spectively, viz: ministers resident, &c., at Austria, nine
thousand three hundred and seventy-five dollars per annum,
in lieu of lour thousand five hundred dollars per annum.
Mmisteis resident, &.c., at Portugal, Belgium, Dominion
and Bolivia, oach seven thousand five hundred dollar* per
annum, in lieu of four thousand five hundred dollars per
annum <iaeh ; at Turkey seven thousand live liundicd dol-
i.irsn per annum, in lieu of mx thousand dollars per annum;
at the Sandwich Mauds seven thousand Iho hundred dol-
lar per annum, m lien of five thousand dollars.
Secietanes of legation to Great Britain, two thousand
six hundied aud twenty-five dollars per annum, in lieu of
two thousand five hundred dollars; to France, two thou-
sand six liundtcd and twenty-live dollars per annum, m
lieu of two thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.
The consul general at Calcutta, m British India, to
receive an annual salary of five thousand dollars, in lieu of
three thousand five hundred dollars.
The eon^il at llong Kong, an annual salary of three
thousand live hundred dollars, in lieu of three' thousand
dolhus.
The consuls at Mauritius, Isle of France, and Singapore,
each two thousand live hundred dollars,'in lieu of one
thousand dollars each.
The consuls at Cork, Demarara, Southampton, and
Turk's Island, each two thousand dollars, in lieu of one
thousand dollars each.
The consul at Leeds two thousand dollars, in lieu of
one thousand live hundred dollars.
Th( consul at Manchester, two thousand dollais, in lieu
of fees.
The consul at Havre, in France, six thousand dollars, in
lieu of five thousand dollars.
The consuls at La Koehelle and Lyons, m France, each
one thousand five bundled dollars, in lieu of one thousand
dollars each per annum.
The consul at Odessa, in Russia, to receive two thousand
dollars, in lieu of one thousand five hundred dollars per
annum.
The consul at Santiago de Cuba, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars, in lieu of two thousand dollars per annum.
The consul at Vienna, in Austria, to receive one thou-
sand five hundred dollars, m lieu of one thousand dollars
per annum.
The consul at Canton and the consul at Shanghai, each
four thousand dollars, in lieu of three thousan d dollars each
per annum.
The consul at Fouehou, in China, three thousand five
hundred dollars, in lieu of two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
The consuls at Amoy and Ningpo, each three thousand
dollars, in lieu of two thousand five hundred dollars.
The consul at Jerusalem, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars, in lieu of one thousand dollars.
The consul at Basle, two thousand dollars, in lieu of one
thousand five hundred dollars.
The consul at Messina, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars, in lieu of one thousand dollars.
The consuls at Tangiers, Tripoli, and Tunis, each three
thousand dollars, in lieu of two thousand five hundred dol-
lars each.
The consul at Lahaina, in the Sandwich Islands, three
thousand dollars, m lieu of one thousand dollars.
The consul at Stettin, m Prussia, one thousand dollars,
in lieu of fees.
The consul at Spezzia, in Sardinia, one thousand dollars,
in lieu of seven hundred and fifty dollars.
The consul at Maranhain Island, in Brazil, one thousand
dollars, in lieu of seven hundred and fifty dollars.
The commercial agent at St. Paul de Loanda, in Portu-
gal, one thousand dollars, in lieu of lees.
The commercial agent at Gaboon, m Liberia, one thou-
sand dollars, m lieu of fees.
By the act making appropriations for certain
Civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1857.
The commissioner of the United States, under the re-
ciprocity treaty wtth Gieat Britain allowed four dollais per
day for his subsistence.
By the joint resolution giving an increased com-
pensation to all Laborers in the employment
of the Executive and Legislative departments
of the Government in the city of Washington.
The principal messenger m each of the offices of the
Secretaries ot State, Treasury, Interior, War, and Navy,
Postmaster Geneial, and Attorney General, to receive an
annual salary of nine hundred dollars.
One principal messenger m each of the bureaus of the
several Executive Depaitments to receive an annual salary
of eight hundied and forty dollars.
All other messengers and assistant messengers now au-
thorized by law to be employed m the several Departments,
to receive an annual salary of seven hundred dollars each.
And alllaboicrs in the employment of the Government in
i the Executive Depaitments and on the public grounds m the
1 city of Washington, to receive an annual salary of six
hundred dollars each.
[The act " to regulate the compensation of Mem-
bers of Congress," provides:
That each Senator, Representative, and Delegate m Con-
gress shall receive six thousand dollars for each Congress,
and the mileage now provided by law lor two sessions only.
That the President of the Senate pro tempore, when
tlieie shall be no Vice President, or when the Vice Presi-
dent shall have become President of the United States,
shall receive the compensation provided by law for the Vice
President.
And the Speaker of the House of Representatives ^hall
I recene double the compensation provided for the Ii<prc-
• sentatives.
In the event of the death of any Senator or Delegate, prior
to the commencement of the lu.-t session of the Congress,
he shall neither be entitled to mileage nor compensation ;
and in the event of death after the commencement of any
j session, his representative shall be entitled to receive jo
much of his compensation, computed at the rate of three
thousand dollars per annum, as he may not have leceived
and any mileage that may have actually accrued, and be
due and unpaid.
And the Secretary of the Senate and Sergcant-at-Arms
shall deduct fiom the monthly payments to membcisthe
amount of his compensation for each day that euch mem
her shall be absent from the House or Senate respectively
unless such Representative, Senator, or Delegate, shall
as°ign as the reason for such absence the sickness of him-
self or some member of his family.]
