1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
WB9
Clav, Dodge, Evans, Fitzpatnck, Iverson, Mason, Pugh,
Reul, Toucey, Weller, Wright, and Yulee—17.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 356)
to authorize the people of the Territory of Kan-
sas to form a constitution and State government,
preparatory to their admission into the Union on
equal terms with the original States. And, after
a continuous session of twenty hours, at eight
o'clock, on Thursday morning, passed the bill,
introduced by Mr. Douglas, from the Committee
on Territories, with amendments proposed by
Mr. Adams and Mr. Geyer. The vote on the
passage of the bill was—yeas 33, nays 12, when
the Senate adjourned.
The detailed proceedings of this day will be
found in the Appendix.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 3, 1856.
The Senate was callcd to order at twelve o 'clock,
m., and no quorum being present, immediately
adjourned until next Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 3, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business m order
is the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Barclay,] to reconsider the vote by
which the House rejected the bill to admit Kan-
sas into the Union as a State. The pending
question is the motion of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gen-
tleman will modify his motion, and make it Sat-
urday.
Mr. WHEELER. The House can decide
between the two days. The question, of course,
will bets ken on the longest time first.
Mr. MATTESON. I hope the House will
meet on Saturday, and attend to the business on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. ED1E. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 93; as follows:
YE\S —Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Baik?dale, Bell, Bocock,
Bowie, Branch. Bioota, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader,
Lews D. Campbell, CaiuthertJ, Caskie, dawson, Howell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Conuns, Cox, Cuuge, Ckuv-
J'ord, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Da-
vis, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott, Evans
Florence, Hemy M. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus
Hall, Robeit B. Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Hai-
rjs.Tiiomas L. Hairi^Hariison, Haven, Hoffman, Houston,
Jewett, J- Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Kunkel,
Lake, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Matshali, Maxwell, Mc-
Mulhn. McQueen, Kiihan Miller, Milhvard, Blooie, Mor-
decai Oliver, Oir, Pearce, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ready,
Ricaud, Robison, Rufiin, Sandidgc, Scott, Seward, Sher-
man, Shorter. William Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart,
Stianahan, S'wope, Taylor, Thorington, Thurston, Under-
wood, Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkms, Wheeler, Whit-
ney, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, John Y. Wright, and Zol-
heoiFer—94.
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Baibour, Bar-
clay, Ilcnrv Bennett, Hcndley S.Bennett, Benson. Bilhng-
huist, Bm'sham, Bliss Bradbhaw, Brenton, Buffinton,
Jameri II. Campbell, Ezia Clark, Colfax, Covode. Ciagin,
Cumback, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dudd, Edie,
Eihvaids, Emrie, English, Etheridse, Faulkner, Flagler,
Tlionidi J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert. Gian-
gor, Giow, Harlan, Hickman, lloJloway, Thomas R. Nor-
ton, Valentine B. Hoiton, Howard, Hughston, Geoige W.
Jones Kelsey, Kins, Knapp, Ktiiglit, Knowlton, Knox,
Leiter, Humphrey Marshall, Matron, Meaeham, Smith
M'ller, Millson, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols,
Andiew Oliver,'Paiker. Pelton, Ferry, Pettit, Pike,Pimgle,
Purvianct, Pun ear, Bivers, Sabm, Sage. Sapp, Spinner,
Tappan, Todd!! Tiafton, Wade, Wakeman, Waibndge,
Waldion, Cadwaladei C. Washbume, Elhhu B. Wash-
buine, Isiaol Washburn, Watson, Welch, Williams, Wood-
JLUIT, and Woodwojth—93.
So the motion was agreed to.
Pending the above call,
Mr. FOSTER stated that, in consequence of
indisposition in his family, he had paired off
with Mr. Simmons for this day. Mr. Simmons
is unwell, and unable to be present.
Mr. MAXWELL stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Pennington-, on all questions con-
nected with Kansas.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act granting the right of way to the St.
Louis and Iron Mountain railroad through the
arsenal, magazine, and Jefferson barracks tracts;
and
An act to authorize the people of the Territory
of Kansas to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, preparatory to their admission into the
Union on an equal footing with the original
States.
SUMNER ASSAULT.
Mr. KUNKEL. With the permission of the
House, I would ask the chairman of the select
committee to investigate an alleged breach of the
privilege of this House, on what day he proposes
to call that question up for action?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I propose, unless
some other question of privilege takes precedence,
to call up the report of the committee on Tuesday
of next week, in accordance with the notice I
gave the other day. I will not take a vote on it
on Tuesday. It may be that there will be dis-
cussion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. No doubt there will be
discussion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If discussion be desired
by the friends of the parties implicated, I will
not call for the previous question on Tuesday. I
do not propose to take a vote on that clay; but
I will endeavor to have the vote taken on Wednes-
day, or at as early a period as is possible, con-
sistent with a full and fair discussion of the
report.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. GROW. I insist on the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the motion to reconsider the vote-by which
the bill to admit Kansas into the Union as a State
was rejected.
Mr. WHITNEY. I rise to a question of
privilege. It is one originating in the paper which
I hold m my hand. The animadversions of the
public press upon my conduct demand from me
a response.
The SPEAKER. That is hardly a question
of privilege which can supersede the business
of the House. The gentleman from New York
desires to make a personal explanation; is there
objection ?
[Cries of " Object!"1
Mr. WHITNEY. I ask the consent of the
House to make a personal explanation.
Mr. MATTESON. I object.
Mr. GROW. I insist on the regular order of
business.
Mr. WHITNEY. Then I will take another
occasion to make the explanation.
Mr. BARCLAY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a few remarks, perti-
nent to the question before us, in reply to the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] who
cast aspersions upon me the other day, which he
afterwards disavowed in this House, and then
deliberately had published in the Globe.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that there
be a call of the House.
Mr. SNEED. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and days were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 84, nays 113; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Aiken, Allen, Barkadale, Bell, Hendlpy
S. Bennett. Bocock, Bowie, Bianch, Brooks, Burnett, Cad-
walader, Caruthers, Caskie. Howell Cobb, Cox, Oiaige,
Cravvfoid, Culler, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Dow-
dell, Dnnn, Edmundson, Elliott. English, Ethendge, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Henry M, Fuller. Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Haven, Hoffman,
Valentine B. Horton, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones
J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kid well. Lake, Lindley, Lumpkin,
Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel 3.
fifaishall, MeMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Miilson,
Moidecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Pur-
year, Quitman, -Ready, Kicaiid, Rufiin, Seward, Shorter,
Snced, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Taylor, Trippe, Under-
wood,Valk,Walker,Warner, Watkms, Wheeler. Winslow,
Daniel B.-Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollicolfer-~84.
NAYS—Messrs. Albiight, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Heniy Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Brenton,Broom,Buffinton, James B. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Bayard Chuke, tfzra Clark,Clawson,
Chngman, Williamson R.W.Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Covode',
Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean,
Denver, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie,
Emiie, Evans, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings. Gilbert, Gran-
ger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Harrison, Hickman,
Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kclsey,
Kennett, King, Knapp, Knight. Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel,
Leiter, Matteson, McCarty,Mcacham, Killi^n Miner, Mill-
waul, Moore, Morgan, Moinll, Mott, Murray, Nichols,
Andrew Oliver, Paiker, Pearce, Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Pike,
Prmgle, Purviance, Itivers, Bobbins, Roberts, Robison,
Sabm, Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, William
Smith, Spinner, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston,
Todd, Tral'ton, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron,
Cadvvallader, C. Washbuine, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Whitney, Williams, Wood-
ruff, and Woodwoith—113.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question recurred on the motion to lay on
the table the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill for the admission of Kansas into
the Union as a State was rejected.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to
give notice to the House that, on Monday next,
or as soon as this question shall be disposed of,
I shall call up the contested-election case from
Illinois.
Mr. JONES. What was the vote on the mo-
tion for a call of the House?
The SPEAKER. The vote was yeas 84, naya
113.
Mr. JONES. That is not a very full House;
and as I have no doubt that there are a great many
gentlemen here with a full head of gas on, I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. CRAIGE. X ask for the yeas and nayi
on that motion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for teller*
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Seward were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
fifty-two in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the House agreed to ad-
journ over until Monday next.
Mr. WHEELER. T move to lay that motion
on the tabic.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Fdid not know-
that gentlemen on the opposite side intended to
prevent a vote being taken. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion of the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire to say to the
gentleman from Ohio, that if he supposes that
the object is to consume time, he is mistaken.
The only object is to get a full vote.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to debate.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to be informed if
the gentleman from Ohio voted in the affirmative?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the gentleman from Ohio did vote in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I withdraw the
motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The question then recurs
on the motion of the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Houston] to lay on the table the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bar-
clay] to reconsider the vote by which th« Kan-
sas bill was rejected.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 97, nays 102; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken. Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Branch, Biooks, Broom, Bur-
nett, Cadwalader, Caiurheis Caskie, Chngman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford,
Cullen, Heniy IVmtci Davi<. Denver, Dowdell, Dunn. Ed-
mundson, Elliott, English,Etheudge,Eubtis,Evans, Faulk-
ner. Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J- Mornson Harris,
Sampson W. Hams, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell. Lake, Lindley, Lumpkin,
