A#£frt>ix To tM ' cd^GRtSsstokAi!'
1856.)  
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Admission of Kansas—Mr. Johnson, Mr. Toombs, Mr. Bright, etc. *
&03
Senate.
tory. Ordinarily, I would say, with the Senator
from Mississippi, amend the act so as to give
him a writ of error in his criminal case to the
Supreme Court of the United States; but we
have no time for delay like tliat. If this were
a time of peace; if it were a time of orde.p; if
we could wait for remedies as slow as this, I
would adopt it; but here Is an irmTuneijt case;
here is civil war in the. Territory; here is anar-
chy; here is martial law; we have already mar-
tial law——
Mr- JOHNSON. My friend from Ohio will
excuse me for rising, w.ith the kindest feelings
ia the world, to call his attention to the fact that
this body is worn out. Debate on the general
question is certainly, it seems to me, improper
at this hour. I desire to suggest to my friend
that at this hour it may happen that gentlemen
who have been sleeping all night will oegin and
talk all day. It is to be hoped that those of us
who, in patience and perseverance) have sat here
for twenty h'ours, will not be worn down by those
wlio have been resting all the night. I do not
apply this to the Senator from Ohio, but I see
that perhaps the ardor of debate may carry him
away. He may be followed by others. It will
be too bad, after we have remained here all night,
to keep us all day listening to speeches. I think
a reasonable remonstrance will, undej; the cir-
cumstances,be excused.
Mr. PTJGH. I yield to my friend's sugges-
tions.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to put a question to
the Chair, I understood from the present occu-
pant of the chair that he was to leave the city
this morning, for the purpose of being in New
Jersey, or elsewhere, on to-morrpw, (the 4th
of July.) I wish to ask the Chair at what, time
he expects to leave ? , ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr, Wel-
lcr.] The Chair takes the four and a half
o'clock train this evening.
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose the Senate will
have adjourned by that time,, and probably have
passed this bill.
Mr. TOOMlSS. I trust the Senate will pardon
me for trespassing on them, for' tw;o minutes, at
this hour. If gentlemen will.reflect fpr a moment
on the real question before us, they will find itis
not one on which there has been a difference of
opinion. The pending amendment does not con-
flict with the Kansas bilL It does not conflict
witfi tbe bill now before us. It may be expedient
or inexpedient; but on this question I say there
was never any difference between any party or
body of men..
When you first created Territorial Legislatures,
and gave.them power to legislate, you provided
that the laws which tSey. passed should not be-
come laws until you affirmed them.. That was
the first, step. That system was found to be
troublesome, and you abandoned it, and said their
legislation should, stand, unless, you disaffirmed
it. That was th# second step. The . third step
was in the Kansas act, where you said nothing
about it. „ ,
My friend from Mississippi has ijeen.very
much exercised on the questipu ofsquattet-sov-
ereign ty,, through a gestation of seven years, at
least, and he has differed with my friend from
Michigan in regard to it. All of us admitted that
CJon^reSg might delegate whatever powers jt had
to the Territory. My friend from Mississippi
and myself, believing that Congress had not th«
power of prohibiting slavery, thought it oofuld
not delegate it; but no one denied that Congress
could,. by an organic law, define, the boitudar
ries,and prescribe the voters,until the Territory
should make a constitution as a State. The right
of Congress in the mean time to alter, repeal,
abrogate, or amend tha arganic act, I apprehend
pever waa;doubted by any statesman in America.
Canwe not repeal the Kansas act to-day ? Would
it violate any principle? Not in the slightest
degree. Thea, yqu can amend if., You have the
rightful power to amend it. Amendments are
tuiobjectian^ble uqtil you violate its principles.
We hear ag^ji(..4e«4 of talk about the.fundai
mental principle of tbe &MI. Sofae deem that, as
it passed, it gave the people of the Territory a
right to regulate thequeBti<V<>f slavery. Others
believe that neither they nor Congress have that
power. Th«re are two sides to that point; bi^ta^s
to this matter of abrogating bad lawjs which they
may pass, there is no question of powur. I do
not like to insert the provision in this bill, but,!
apprehend there is no difficulty about it in our
country.
Mr.BRIGHT. It is so seldom I claim-the at-
tention of the Senate, that I am sure even the
honojableSenator fijora Arkftns&s, who .has just
appealed to,us to bring this question to a vote-,
will not manifest impatience while,.I submit a
few remarks directed mainly to the pending
amendment. I am .sorry to hear the Senators
from Alabama and the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown] express their determination to vote
against Striking out the odious sections of this
bill, and. further to declare,,if the motion to strike
out prevails, that tltey will then vote against the
passage of the bill.
Those Senators should recollect, that under
the present excited state of feeling in the coun-
try, particularly in the northern States, it is
much easier to float With the current than to row
against it. I am the last Stenator upon this floor
that would ask another or myself to yield prin-
ciple to policy; and if I felt that, in supporting
the amendment now pending, I was oempromit-
t-ing one tittle of the-doctrine of popular sover-
eignty, the doctrine of giving to the people of
the Territories of the United States the power to
govern themselves, I would not sustain this mo-
tion, much less ask others to-do so; but I'do not-.
Here are enactments-, forming a part of the
legislative code of Kansas, that are justly ob-
noxious to the feeling of every Senator upon
this floor. I have not heard a solitary Senator
undertake to justify those sections of the Kan-
sas- laws which restrict the liberty of speech
and the freedom of the preis; or that other
more offensive, and I go further and say, un-
constitutional enactment, which requires those
who take office under it, or propose to practice
the profession of the law, to swear to support
the fugitive- act. I do not intend to be under-
stood as expressing the least dissatisfaction with
this latter act, not at all. This act was passed
in conformity with the bond of Union that binds
us, together. It is right, just and proper; and so
long as the Constitution reads as it now does, I
shall do as I have hitherto done, sustain it, and
sustain those who are legally called upon to ex-
ecute it; but, nevertheless, no man, or set of
men, have a right to set this act up as a golden
calf to be worshiped, or to make it a test of
orthodoxy, and say, that if I do not-  wear to
support it  l am thereby denied the rights, privi-
leges. and immamUe#, qf a citizen of any part
of the American continent. . No sir 1
And now permit me to ray, just here, that this
Senate could not do anything that would so well
please and make happy political agitators as to
vote down this amendment. Have you observed
the countenances of Senators upon this floor, who
claim to be the peculiar friends of freedom, since
there has been a show of opposition on this side
of tbeChamber to this amendment? ■ Why, tfieir
faces-are radiant with joy. " Othello's occupa-
tion " has not been taken from him. He has the
materials still on hand for increased agitation.
The Senators frpnj Massachusetts, New York,
and.New Hampshire, can now go before the peo-
ple and do s-s they have done here throughout this
session—hold up theqe obnoxious laws, and say:
" They still remain in force, and are sustained
and sanctified by a vote of the United States Sen-
ate." Now, by, no vote of mine shall this " uni-
versal freedom party," here or elsewhere, have
such capital to deal in. If you wish to do right—
if you wish tp conform to an honest public senti-
ment, -and to sustain those in the free States that
ar« struggling to sustain the Contitution and its
compromises—in&y, more, if you wish to disarm
fanaticism of the power to deceive, delude, and
mislead hpnest men, vote for this amendimnt, and
you do much toward effecting this object.
.Mr, CLAYTON. I wish to ask one question
of my friend from Missouri who offers this
amendment. I have not had time to examine it
with great care. 1 understand that he said it wets
substantially the same amendment that I offered.
If there is any substantial difference between
this ant^that, I wish him to state it.
Mr. GEYER. I will answer the Senator.
There are two points of difference. It is a con-
densation of the different clauses contained in
the amendment of the honorable Senator, except
the clause which relates to the challenge of jurors,
and that on,the subjectof treason, which I under-
stood was intended to be offered in another form
by the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. CLAYTON. Then you leave out that
portion in regard to jurors ?
Mr. GEYER. I leave out that clause.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I shall profit by the ad-
monition of my honorable friend from Arkansas.
1 have felt as much as he has the inconveniences
of this lengthened and protracted sitting. It is
with the utmost reluctance that I trespass on the
Senate for a moment, but I feel it to be my duty
to say a few words more qn this question in
Order to put myself right. - -
I voted to substitute this amendment for the
one offered by the gentleman from Delaware,
because I thought it better than the one proposed
by him. This amendment, however, is so rad-
ically different from what I think should be part
of the bill,.I shall vote against it. When we or-
ganized the Territory of Kansas, my understand-
ing of the organic law of that Territory was, that
the people had a right to make such laws as was
necessary and proper for their police and govern-
ment, as was consistent with the Constitution of
the United States. Now, we all know that, al-
most since the organization of the Territory, dis-
order, violence, and bloodshed have characterized
the settlement of that Territory. Stringent laws
foe the protection of the inhabitants thereof would
seem to have been necessary. It is said, how-
ever, the laws enacted were arbitrary and des-
potic—and especially to a portion of the people
of Kansas. Laws of that character, of aourse,
would meet with no favor from me. I do not
feel called upon, however, to sit in judgment on
those laws in voting upon this bill. The bill, as
it now stands, is ample in all its provisions, and
secures a free, full, and impartial expression of
opinion of the people in selecting delegates to
form a constitution. Generally speaking, I pre-
fer permitting a people, especially those as remote
from us as Kansas, to-make their own laws for
their government and police consistent with the
Constitution, than to undertake the task myself,
Hence, I am unwilling to intervene and bverrid#
their laws, notwithstanding some, of- them .mail
not -accord' with my notions of propriety. Such
in brief will dictate my course in voting on the
amendment. Now, Mr. President, having been
iD session, and sitting here from yesterday noon
j until seven o'clock this morning, I feel no incli-
I nation to continue this debate so far as l am con-
' cerned.
Mr. BIGGS. I understand that the amend-
ment now under consideration, and for which I
am called on to vote, substantially carries out th#
provisions of the. bill,reported -by the Cotnmittee
on Territories. - It is more explicit in itsprovisions
than that bill, and, as I am assured and believe
that the effect of this amendment will be to take
frpm political agitators one of their great elements
of agitation, I shall vote in the affirmative.
. The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
40, nays Hi. as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell of New Hampshire^
Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin, Biggs, lligler, IIright, Brod-
head, Cass, Clayton, Collamer, Crittenden, Dodge, Doug-
las, Durkee, Evans, Pessenden, Foot, Foster, Gtiyer, JIaJe,
Iverson, Johnson, Jones of Iriwa, Pratt, Pugh, tteid, Se-
bastian, Seward, Siidell, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Toombs, Toucey, Trumbutlj Wade, Welier, Wilson, and
Wright—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Broton, Fitzpatnck, and Mason—3.
So the amendment of Mr. Clay^n^ ^samended
on the motion of Mr. Geter, was agreed, to.' ,
Mr. FOSTER, I ask leave to offer an amend*
ment to come in as a~new section:
SSc. —. ■And be it furtker enacted, That, untfl the in-
habitants of «a«d Territory shatt, proceed to held a conven-
tion to form a State constitution according to the provisions
of tilis act, and so'long as said Territory remains a Territory,
the following sections contained,in chapter one hundred
and fifty-one, in the voltime transmitted to the Senate by
the President of tbe United States,as containing the laws
of Kansas, be, and the same are hereby, declared to by
utterly nuu and void, Viz: , .
" Sec. 12. If any free person,.by speaking or by writing,
assert or maintain that Betsods- have not the right to hold
slaves in thw Territory, or shall introduce inlo this Tenito/y
