804
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess. Admission of Kansas—Mr. Douglas, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Foster, etc.
[Ju|y %
Senate.
any book, paper, magazine, pnmphlet, or circular, con-
taining any denial of tins right of persons to how slaves in
this Territory, such persons shall be deemed guilty of fel-
ony, and punished by imprisonment at hard labor for a term
of not less than two years.
" Sec. 13. No person who is conscientiously opposed to
holding slaves, or who does not admit the right to hold
slaves in this Territory, shall sit as a juror on the trial of
any prosecution for the violation of any of the sections of
this act."
Mr. DOUGLAS. Everything material in that
amendment is covered by previous amendments. . t
Mr. WILSON. We have just adopted an , I desire to offer the following amendment as an
amendment, not because it was right, but for the additional section to the bill:
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] is still pending.
Mr. SEWARD. I supposed that was dis-
posed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. Before that is voted upon,
purpose of silencingpolitical agitators. That was
avowed specially by the honorable Senator who
presides over this body, [Mr. Bright.] You
wished to save certain gentlemen, instead of
having political fanatics here in their places!
Now, sir, as you have adopted one amendment
for that purpose, I hope the Senator from In-
diana, and all other Senators, will, for the sake
of silencing " political agitators," adopt this pro-
posed amendment of the Senator from Connecti-
cut. I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOSTER. The amendment which is pro-
posed simply provides for annulling sections
twelve and thirteen of chapter one hundred and
fifty-one, title "slaves," in the volume which
has been transmitted to the Senate by the Presi-
dent of the United States, on a call of the Senate,
as containing the laws enacted by the Legislature
of Kansas. 1 have heard from various gentlemen,
on both sides of the Chamber, allusions to these
two sections particularly, as being inexpedient j
and unconstitutional, manifestly and clearly.
That being the state of things, and to obviate the
•And be it further enacted, That until the people of said
I Territory shall form a constitution and State government,
j and be admitted into the Union under the provisions of this
• act, there shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
in caid Territory, otherwise than in punishment of crimes
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted: Provided,
alujays, Thatanyperson escapinginto the same from whom
labor or service is lawfully claimed in any State, such fugi-
; tive maybe lawfully reclaimed and conveyed to the person
claiming his or her service or labor as aforesaid.
I have but a word to say on this amendment.
It has been frequently said, and much enlarged
upon, that the object of this measure, in relation
to these Territories, was to enable the people to
exercise freely their opinions on the subject of
slavery in the formation of a State constitution,
and that that was really the whole great purpose.
It has been said that the object was to enable the
people to decide the question in the formation of
a State constitution, and not to regulate the sub-
ject in the mean time, leaving that, as some say,
to their Legislature, and as others say, not leav-
ing it to their Legislature. There is doubt on
that point. Now, their Legislature, such as it
was, lias treated the matter as if slavery was al-
ready established there, and, in fact, existed.
Nothing, then, is to be hoped from this Legisla-
ture as to the state of slavery in the mean time.
objection to some extent to the laws passed, or
pretended to be passed, by a body of men claim-
ing to be the Legislature of Kansas, I have pre- i {ure «  l° lIle, 8lBl« "' Slavery in me mean time.
sen ted this amendment. I do not propose taking ! \ ^refore' to ha™ question decided,
r Whether Congress means that during the territorial
condition of Kansas there shall be, or shall not
be, slavery. I call for the yeas and nays on my
:propose
any time in discussing it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask if the amendment
is divisible, so as to allow us to take a vote on
the different sections ?
Several Senators. Let us vote it all down.
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
The question being taken, by yeas and nays, j taken  resulted-yeas 10, nays 35; as follows:
resulted—yeas 13, nays 32; as follows: 1 YEAS-Mesars. Bell of New Hampshire Collamer, Fes-
.. ... ' ' „ , . i senden, Foot, Poster, Hale, Seward, Trumbull, Wade, and
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Clayton, . Wilson 10.
Collamer, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hate, Seward, ; NAYS—Messrs. Bavard, Bell of Tennessee,. Benjamin,
JY1 ' Wilson—13. Biggs, Bigler, Bright, ftrodhead, Brown, Cass, Clay, Clay-
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Bright, ton, Crittenden, Dodge, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Geyer,
Brodhead, Brown, Cass, Clay, Dodge, Douglas, Evans, Hunter, Iveison, Johnson, Jonesof Iowa, Mallory, Mason,
Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson, Jones of pratt, Pugb. Reid, Sebastian, Slidell. Stuart, Thompson of
Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Pratt, Pugh, Reid, fcehastian, Sti- Kentucky, Toombs, Toucey, Weller, Wright, and Yulee—
dell, Stuart, Thompson <>f Kentucky, Toomlis, Toucey, 35. .
Weller, Wright, and Yulee—33. . g0 t)ie amendment was not agreed to.
So the amendment was rejected. , Mr. HALE. I wish to move an amendment
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. At this I in the second section, in the fifth and sixth lines,
point I wish to make a motion which I am sure to strike out " the 4th day of July, 1856," and
will be carried with a great deal of unanimity, insert "the 1st day of April, 1857."
We are on the eve of the 4th of July; we have The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
sat nearly twenty hours; and'I therefore move was taken "on that proposition during the absence
that when the Senate adjourns on Thursday, it be of the Senator from New Hampshire in the night,
to meet on Monday next. 1 It can be renewed again after the bill shall havd
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion | been reported to the Senate.
can only be received by unanimous consent. ' Mr. HALE. I believe the Chair is mistaken.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope we shall not act on |, Thg vote taken in my absence was on the motion
it until we get through with the bill. Il to substitute the 4th of July, 18571 My motion
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Very well; i | now is to insert the 1st day of April, 1857—
1 will withdraw it for the present. ' i! another amendment. I ask fot the yeas and nays
Mr. CLAYTON. I only wish to make one
remark. We have just passed a very important
amendment, but perhaps hereafter the effect of it
will be misunderstood. I presume the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Connecticut was nega- i
tived under a decided impression on the part of |
the Senate that the same thing had been effected |
by the amendment of the Senator from Missouri, j
I see Senators assent all round the Chamber.
*£r" have no doubt of it.
_Mr. CLAYTON. Yet for fear of a possible
misapprehension, for fear it might be said that
we had not repealed those laws, I actually voted
to do it again, arid I am willing to do it a hun-
dred times ; still I agree exactly in sentiment with
those gentlemen who voted against the measure.
1 thought it unnecessary, but I was willing to
vote for it to prevent misapprehension.
Mr. SE WARD. I beg leave to offer an amend-
ment as a substitute for the whole bill.
Mr. BIGLER. There is a substitute now pend-
ing.
Mr. SEWARD. What is it?
J on this amendment
The yeas and nays were ordered.
I Mr. BAYARD. I shallvote against this1 or
any other amendment, in consequence of the
j course which is being taken. I am satisfied that
J the bill is right, as.it was intended it should be.
| I am equally satisfied that the Opposition to this
I bill are not willing to submit to the decided ma-
I jority of the Senate, and if they have any cause
of complaint, make it elsewhere. They have
protracted this session by what I consider a-
factious opposition in the way of amendments.
Amendment after amendment has been offered
which they were certain could not be attached to
the bill—offered not forthepurpo.se of discussion,
but for factious opposition. At least I so view
it, considering the prolonged character of this
struggle. For that reason I mean now to vote
against every amendment.
Mr, HALE. J (jid not call the Senator from
Delaware to order, but I think he was out of order
in ascribing factious motives. This, and a sim-
i ilar amendment, are the only ones I have offered.
Mr. BAYARD. I did not apply my remarks
to the gentleman's amendment particularly, but I
said that the course which had been pursued by
the Opposition in offering amendments to this bill
would induce me to vote against any other
amendment which they should offer.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator's remarks did not
apply to me, I have nothing to say.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish the Senator from New
Hampshire to understand me. If no amendments
had been offered but his, and others of the same
class, I should not have made such remarks as I
did; but I think they were justified by the whole
course of amendments which have been offered,
many of them mere judicial expositions of the
Constitution.
Mr. FOSTER. I offered a single amendment,
and I offered it in good faith. I offered it to
annul what were claimed to be laws in the sec-
tions of the statute in regard to slaves; one was
in reference to the right of free speech, and the
| publication of opinions there by papers, pamph-
j lets, magazines, &c.; the other was the section in
I regard to jurors, forbidding, in the Territory of
Kansas, any individual to sit on a jury who was
conscientiously opposed to the provisions of that
act. I did not offer this amendment in any factious
spirit; and it was certainly not with a view of
taking up the time of the Senate. I think, if the
Senator from Delaware had attended here during
the night, as I have—I believe I have not been out
of the Chamber more than five minutes since
twelve o'clock, meridian, yesterday—he would
have spared the remark, that gentlemen who have
offered amendments here, at least from this side
of the Chamber, have been disposed to take up
time. More amendments, in point of number,
have emanated from the other side of the Cham-
ber, unless I mistake, than from this side; and,
certainly, although I sit not or stand not here as
censor on anybedy's mode of conducting either
the offering of amendments, or debating them,
unless I am mistaken, there has been as much
time taken uj) by the friends of this bill, both in
debating and in offering amendments, as by those
who have opposed it. I say thus much injustice
to myself.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
on the amendment of Mr. Hale, resulted—yeas
11, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Clayton, Col-
lamer, Durkee, Fessenden, Foster, Hale, Seward, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Bright,
Brodhead, Brawn, Cass, Clay, Dodge, Douglas, Evans,
Fitzpatrick, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mal-
lory, Mason,.Pratt, Pugh, Reid, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart,
Thorn pson of Kentucky, Toombs, Toucey, W eller, Wright,
and Yulee—31.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ouestidii
now is on th€ amendment offered by the Senator
from MassaChuestts, [Mr. Wilson,] to strike out
the whole bill and insert an amendment repealing
all the existing laws in Kansas^ upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Collamer, Dur-
kee, Fessenden, Foster, Seward, Wade, and Wilson—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee, Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Cass, Clay,
Clayton, Dodge, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Hun-
ter, Iverson, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason,
Pratt, Pugh, Reid, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Thompson of
Kentucky, Toombs, Toucey, Weller, Wright, and Yulee—
36.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer an amendment as a
substitute for the bill. It is the same amendment
which I proposed some time ago to the original
bill, and is not changed in any material respect.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose that no amend-
ment is in order, a substitute having been rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There has
been one just rejected; but that makes no diner-
enMr. DOUGLAS. There should be an end to
them some time. „ , . ...
Mr HUNTER. The Senate having refused
to strike out, they therefore retain everything w
tfc*. Hill find thev can add nothing lo it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposi-
tion was to strike out and insert, and the Senate
