1856.}
appendix to the congressional glqbk.
807
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Orr.
Ho. of Reps.
mittee of investigation, has prejudged those ques- Ij
Hons. Was it fair? Did the gentleman, if he j;
contemplated the action of the House that day j'
was to determine the question of privilege, this |,
great constitutional question, act ingenuously to- j
wards the House by stating that all he wanted |
was simply an investigation into the statement ::
of facts, that the facts might be reported to the .
House, without saying anything about the ques- j
tion of privilege being determined at all r
But there is another thing connected with flie
proceedings before this committee,to which I wish
to call attention. 1 find, from the report, that
after Dr. Boyle had given his testimony pretty
fully before the committee, he was subjected to a
cross-examination by the honorable gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Pennington.] Well, sir,
when I have been engaged in nisi prius cases at j
home—when I have been employed as counsel to j
present the side of my client, I have occasionally j
propounded such questions to witnesses. Now, ;
why did the gentleman from New Jersey—and I j
hope he will take the floor at the proper time, and
explain the matter—after Dr. Boyle had submitted
his testimony, propound to him these questions?
" Were you accidentally called to attend Mr. j
Sumner? " What are your political affinities?"
Did the gentleman from New Jersey mean to de- |
clare, by propounding these questions, that the I
witness was unworthy of credit? Because, if he
did not mean directly to discredit the testimony,
he meant to produce an impression upon the
public mind, that, in consequence of political
bias, he was incapable of giving a correct state- |
ment of the facts. j
Mr. PENNINGTON. Read the answer of
the witness. ;
Mr. ORR. I suppose that the answer to the
question satisfied the gentleman—it ought to have
satisfied him that Dr. Boyle's politics did not per
se discredit him having been an old-line Whig— i
the late politics of the gentleman from New J ersey. j
The answer was, " 1 am an old-line Whig, if I i
have any politics." The Whig party is defunct, j
and he has strayed off in one direction, and Dr.
Boyle, perhaps, in another. At least, the gen-
tleman ought to have spared this quondam polit-
ical friend of his the asking such a question as
that.
Again,he asks Dr. Boyle, " Were you bail for
Mr. Brooks?" Dr. B. answered in the negative.
Now, the conclusion I come to, in reference to
that question, is this—and if it is the correct one
the gentleman from New Jersey can so state when
the comes to reply to me—I have no doubt the gen-
tleman from New Jersey had heard the statement
that Dr. Boyle was the bail of Mr. Brooks. He
had heard so; and, if that be the solution of the
matter, it confirms the view I presented a few
moments ago, that there have been ten thousand
and one false rumors put afloat upon this subject,
with a view to mislead and pervert the public mind, i
The question as to Dr. B's. polities attracted i
the attention of my friend from Georgia, [Mr. |
Cobb,] of the committee, and he inquired of Dr.
Boyle: " Do you treat your patients with refer- ;
ence to their political opinions, or do you judge !
more by the pulse?" Now, if itwas not for the !
jjurpose of discrediting Dr. Boyle, why did the j
gentleman from New Jersey propound questions, :
the only effect of which could be to produce that
result ?
Mr. PENNINGTON. Will the gentleman
from South Carolina yield the floor?
Mr. NICHOLS. I object to all interruptions.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman will have an oppor- |
Utility.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I shall take the oppor-
tunity.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
gentleman from South Carolina will proceed.
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not wish, for one, to
be considered as acquiescing in the decision of
the Chair, that any one objection can prevent an
interruption of the person speaking.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is
not the right, under the rules, ofagentleman hold-
ing the floor to assign it to any other person.
Mr. ORR. I will proeeed, as I do not want
a question of order raised in the middle of my
speech. When Dr. Perry—a friend of Mr.
Scmner, and the friend who was to attend him
after Dr. Boyle was dismissed—was examined
before the committee, he said, in answer to the
question, whether lie regarded the treatment of .
Dr. Boyle proper:
" [ have not seen anything that was not perfectly proper.
I have seen nothing in} self winch 1 do not regard as per-
fectly professional.-'
The day after Dr. Boyle testified before the
committee, he was recalled, and added to his tes-
timony as follows: !
'• 1 was called this morning, at about half past nine
o'clock, to meet Dr. Perry in consultation. This is the first
time i have met any medical gentleman thpre. When i
visited Mr. Sumner I found him excited and feverish, his
pulse about a hundred ; and at on« time it was a hundred and'
three, and at another ninety-eight, so that it would average
about a hundred. It was caused, m my opinion, by the
closing of the wound by the application uf liquid cuticle,
(a solution of gun-cotton and ehloroiorm.) winch i applied
' to .he wound yesterday, ft closed up the wound, and pre-
\ vented the flowing of the pus, which, of cour-e, caused
him to b.' excited and restless. 1 opened the wound tins
morning, and he was immediately relieved ; and he has felt
a eooil deal better ever since. 1 am poulticing it now. We
have given him no medicine up to to day, with the excep-
tion of Congress water. We have to-day ordered five
grains of Dover's powders every three hours, ju.st to allay
the excitement."
I think I have rhown conclusively that the rep-
resentations of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham] as to the causes of the assault and the
nature of the weapon, are unsupported by the
testimony. I have further shown that the testi- 1
mony of the attending physician, who, of all I
others, is most competent to pronounce, entirely i
fails to sustain the representations of the report i
as to the serious character of the wounds and the ]
critical condition of Mr. Sumner. I have shown
that the report and the proceedings before the !
committee, in taking testimony, smack of parti- j
san feeling; and, finally, I have shown that the :
House, in adopting the resolutions of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell] wore not invited
to decide upon the question of privilege, but they
were to grant simply an investigation into the
| facts, and that they are now free to make up any
judgment on the question of privilege, and their
power to punish for its breach, which an impar-
tial consideration of the Constitution may impress
upon the consciences of the membeis.
Upon these points I desire to submit the reason-
ing and conclusions of my own mind. "Privilege
is a right, exemption, or immunity, possessed by
one or more persons, but not common to all the
people." Prior to the time when our fathers as-
sembled for the purpose of framing the Consti-
tution, they had been living under the English
Government. They were familiar with the as-
sumptions of the British Parliament in their pre-
tensions of privileges. It had grown to be a
| monster—a colossal power in the British Govern-
j ment. It was carried to such an extent that,
I through Parliament, it overshadowed the Crown,
the courts, and even the liberties of the people.
Magna Charta itself bowed to the supremacy of
parliamentary privilege and dignity. ■
Our fathers, when they came to frame a Con-
stitution, with the full knowledge of these facts
before them, guarded against these dangerous
assumptions, and declared, in express terms, what
privileges should inure to Senators and to Rep-
resentatives. They were determined to leave the
subject in no doubt, and guarded themselves, nnd
as they supposed, their posterity, against all such
monstrous assumptions which are readily set up
by men whose caprice, passion, or prejudice be-
comes law, under the pretense of parliamentary
privilege. The Constitution declares that—
'■They shall, in all cases, cxcept treason, felony, and
breach o ' the peace, be privileged from arret dm nig their
attendance at the session of their respective Houses, and in
going to and returning from the same ; and for any speech
or debate, in either House, they shall not be questioned in
any other place."
Such are the privileges guarantied to members
[ of Congress. When the member from Ohio asks
whether the Senate has no power to protect itself,
whether the House of Representatives has no
power to protect itself, I would inquire, and I do
H confidently, if he claims it as a constitutional
privilege, that this House, or the other House of
Congress, has jurisdiction over persons for acts
done outside of the House—not within it—not in
its presence—not to disturb its sessions—to point
i me to the clause in the Constitution which confers t
any such power ? i
This is a Government of limited powers. All
the privileges of Congress are expressly enumer-
ated. The argument of a necessity for that
power claimed, but not to be found in the Con-
stitution, is one that will lead to the greatest
tyrarny. It is a pretension as dangerous as it is
unconstitutional. If you can assume one power
not granted by the Constitution, from necessity or
any other plea, why not another? Sir, the C5on-.
stitution not only defines the privileges of mem-
bers, but it also, in express terms, declares what
are the powers of each House of the National
Legislature. The gentleman's argument is pre-
dicated on the ground that this body, being an
organized legislative body, has of necessity the
power of self-preservation—that that is ap >wer in-
herent in it. Suppose the Constitution had said
nothing about prescribing rules for the govern-
ment of the House: the House could not trans-
act business without rules, and if this argument
of necessity or inherent right were adnvsstble,
surely it would be to allow either House to pre-
scribe rules, even if the Constitution had omitted
mention of that power.
So itis with referencetojudging ofthe elections,
returns, and qualification of members. Winiout
constitutional or statute law there could be no other
tribunal to determine but the House itself. Yet
the framers of the Constitution, with that wisdom
which characterizes every part of that instru-
; ment, defined in the first instance what the gen-
eral powers of Congress should be, and then
what should be the respective duties and powera
of the two Houses separately. What are they?
One is:
" Each House shall be the judge of the elections, return*,
1 and qualifications of its own members, and a majority of
j each shall constitute a quorum to do business," Itc.
i '' Each House may determine the rules of its pro-
ceedings '' &c. '' Each House shall keep a Journal
of its proceedings, and from time to time publiih
the same," &c. "And the yeas and nays of tha
members of either House, on any question, shall,
at the desire of one fifth of those present, be en-
tered on the Journal." Here you perceive tha
minute detail of the powers to be enjoyed and
exercised by the respective Houses—so minute
as to preclude the idea for a moment that others
were to be enjoyed inherently—from necessity or
by implication. Could its provisions have been
more minute when it is seen that the making of
rules for the proceedings of the two Houses is
specially conferred. And with these facts staring
us in the face, how can it be pretended, by any man
who desires to give the Constitution a fair and im-
, partial reading, that they would have left the life,
liberty, and property of the citizens, by impli-
cation, in the hands of either House of Congress,
to be disposed of, without previous law, as a ma-
jority in unlicensed and unlimited discretion, may
deem proper? They were wise men—they were
familiar, many of them, with the British consti-
tution; and can it be possible that they attended
to so many minute details as they have, and
neglected so important a matter as the power
now claimed by the gentleman from Ohio ? But
this question is not rested for decision on thia
view aione, strong as I believe it to be. The
construction of the Constitution must be such as
to give consistency to it as a whole; and the
argument of necessity or inherency can surely
have no weight against the express declaration*
of the. Constitution itse'if, when it declares, in
the ninth amended article, that "The enumer-
ation in the Constitution of certain rights shall
not be construed to deny or disparage others
1 retained by the people ;"and in the tenth amended
article it declares, "the powers not delegated to
the United State by the Constitution nor prohibited
by it to the States, are reserved to the States re-
spectively, or to the people." How can an argu-
ment from necessity or inherency be sup|Kirted
in the face of these explicit provisions nega'iving
the assumption ? Sir, it is the most monstrous
' pretension ever set up, for either House to claim
itself invested, from necessity or otherwise, with
such plenary powers, under pretense of privilege,
that they can punish persons for offenses com-
mitted without the presence of the two Houses.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] said
■ that this is the first occasion the power was ever
disputed. He cannot then havs r®ad tkti jierJii-
