1544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
Mr. CASS. Send for them.
Mr. SLIDELL. I suggest that, if anything is
to be said in explanation of votes, it may be said
now, in order to give time for Senators to return.
1 know there are one or two gentlemen absent
who wish to be here. The Senator from Mary-
land is not in his seat.
Mr. JOHNSON. And my colleague is not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
will proceed with the call of the roll, unless some
motion is made.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted as follows:
YJ3AS—Messrs. Allen, JRaysird, Roll of New Hampshire,
Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin, Bright, Brown, Cass, Colla-
mer, Crittenden, Dodge, Pouglas, Durkee, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Gayer, Hale, James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa,
Pearce, Piigh, Sebastian, Seward, Slidell, Stuart, Thomp-
son of Kentucky, Trumbull, Wade, and Weller—31.
NAYS—-Messrs. Biggs, Brodhead, Butler, Clay, Evans,
Fitzpatrick, Hunter, Mason, Reid, Toombs, Toucey, and
Yulee—12.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the passage
of the bill, notwithstanding the veto, the yeas are
31, the nays 12. More than two thirds of the
Senators present having voted for the bill, the
Chair decides that it has been passed. He makes
this decision, so as to meet the question sug-
gested by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In accordance with prece-
dent, I now move that the Secretary communi-
cate to the House of Representatives the bill, with
the message of the President returning the same
to the Senate with his objections, and the pro-
ceedings of the Senate thereon.
Mr. MASON. There must be a preceding
question to that—whether the judgment of the
Chair is right? I do not know in what way that
question should be made, but I presume it can be
done by an appeal from the Chair to the judg-
ment of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
under the impression that that is the proper
mode.
Mr. MASON. That again will involve a ma-
jority of the Senate determining whether the two
thirds required by the Constitution are two thirds
of the whole Senate or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there an
appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. MASON. 1 take the appeal, unless some
other mode of testing the question be suggested.
Mr. CASS. Has not that question been de-
termined before ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are
precedents furnished by the action of the House of
Representatives, but none 1 believe in the Senate.
The question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. BUTLER. In taking the vote on treaties
it has been decided that only two thirds of those
present are required; but that is under the con-
stitutional provision, which expressly says," two
thirds of the Senators present;" but the clause
of the Constitution, under which we are now
acting, negatives that idea by saying—two thirds
of each House—it does not say two thirds of
those present. That qualification is not there.
Mr. STUART. I do not know how extensive
this discussion may become; but 1 apprehend
that the case cannot be found under the Consti-
tution that requires a majority of all the members
elected, or two thirds of all the members elected,
for any purpose. The Constitution in terms
does not prescribe it, and there is nothing in the
language of the Constitution which seems to
make it necessary. The language is "the
House." In parliamentary phrase, what is a
House? That number of persons entitled to do
business. That is a House. Nothing short of
the express provision of the Constitution itself
in terms would require two thirds of the whole
number entitled to seats in case there were vacan-
cies. The language of the Constitution, as I
have said, is that the bill shall be returned to the
House in which it originated, that that House
shall proceed to reconsider it; and if, upon recon-
sideration, two thirds of that House pass it, it
shall be a law, if the other House does the same.
But the "House," the " body," the constitutional
body, is that portion of cither House, and of
both Houses, which, under the Constitution,
has authority to legislate.
Now, sir, so far from the language of the Con-
stitution employed in respect to a treaty giving
an inference against this position, it gives one
eminently for it when it says, "two thirds of
the Senators present." Nobody will contend
that less than a quorum can ratify a treaty, though
the Constitution says "two thirds of the Sen-
ators present." Less than a quorum can do no
business at all; and therefore that language forti-
fies the position which I take. I repeat, that case
cannot be found where the Constitution of the
United States requires a majority, or two thirds,
of all the members entitled to seats to do any act.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the first thing
which is done in the Senate every day, I think,
is to ascertain whether a Senate of the United
States is here; so in the House of Representa-
tives, to ascertain whether there is a House of
Representatives there. The two Houses pro-
ceeded to business to-day on ascertaining in each
Chamber that the House respectively occupying
that Chamber was present. We are not here
legally, and we are here without any power at all,
if we are not a House—that House which is
known to the Constitution as the Senate. If we
are a House to transact any business at all, then,
if we are divided by any divisor whatever, that
which is to be divided is always the House which
is here, and lawfully here. If divided by one
half, it will be one half the House; if by two
thirds, two thirds of the House as constituted for
the transaction of business. It seems to me any
other interpretation would forbid us from trans-
acting any business at all, for we cannot always
have all the members here who are entitled to
seats. Those who are absent are not constituent
members of the House to-day. They are enti-
tled to be here, and have a right to be here, but
they are absent, and they do not by their absence
prevent the House from organizing, nor do they
by their absence prevent the House from trans-
acting business, whether a majority or two thirds
is required to transact that business. The busi-
ness is sufficiently transacted if the House itself
is here. That is my judgment on the point. I
cannot see that there can be any uncertainty on
the question.
Mr. HELL, of Tennessee. I think the clear
grammatical construction of the provision of the
Constitution decides this question. I ask Sen-
ators to listen to it:
" Every bill which shall have pa^ed tho House of Rep-
iehenUtiv \s and the Senate, Miall, before it become- a law,
be ptesentod to the President of the United Static; it h<;
approve, he shall sijru it; but it not, In; shall return it, with
his objections, to that Hou-e in which it shall bave oi min-
uted, who ahull enter the objections at laiye on their
Journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If, aftei such leeon-
sideration, two thirds of that House shall agtee to pass tin*
bill, it shall be sent, to?ethci with the objections, to the
other Ifou-e, by which it shall likewise be leeon'-idered,
and, if approved by two thirds of that House, it shall be-
come a law "
Now, sir, I think the clear and obvious con-
struction of this provision of the Constitution is,
that the House to repass the bill is that House
which originally passed it, acting under the same
provisions of the Constitution, and acting effect-
ively as a legislative House, as one of the branches
of the National Legislature, if it have a quorum;
but I need not quote the provision of the Con-
stitution on that point. It is a House having a
quorum to do business which enacts the bill. If
the President vetoes it, it is to be sent to " that
House;" and is to be repassed by two-thirds of
that House, not sitting otherwise than under the
provision of the Constitution authorizing it to
legislate with a quorum of its members. It is the
same House, in the same capacity for business,
having a quorum. No more is required than
when it passed the bill originally. It is that
House which first passed the bill, acting in the
same legislative capacity, under the Constitution,
which must pass the bill over the veto. If two
thirds of " that House" and the other agree to
pass the bill, the President's objections non ob-
stanteit becomes a law. It seems to me that is
the whole case.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, this is certainly
a very important question, and one which I sub-
mit sfiould be decided with great consideration;
because, if the veto power be, as I certainly con-
sider it, one of the most important powers to be
exercised in the Government, it becomes a matter
of great consideration that i ts true character should
be ascertained, and that the potential effect in-
tended by the Constitution in vesting it in the
i President should be ascribed to it.
Honorable Senators assume right off that the
meaning of the word " House" in the Constitu-
tion is a quorum; that the meaning of the word
" House" is so many members as by the language
of the Constitution are authorized to do the busi-
ness of the House. I do not understand that to
be the meaning of the term " House," as here
used m the Constitution, but the very opposite.
It is provided in the fifth section of the first article
of the Constitution that—
" Each House shall be the judge of the election, returns,
and qualifications of its own members, and a majority of
each"—
meaning a majority of each House—
"shall constitute a quorum to do business."
A majority of each House then, is necessary
to constitute a quorum. And what is the constitu-
tional meaning of the word " House ?" Clearly,
all who are elected to the House for the time
being—not all whom the Constitution says shall
constitute a House if they be elected, but a ma-
jority of all who are elected. This clearly is the
constitutional meaning, in the fifth section, of the
word "House." A majority of this House is
a quorum to do business. Then what is the quo-
rum of the House? The interpretation given to
it, without a question, is a majority of those who
are elected for the time being. Then the consti-
tutional meaning of the term " House," is all
those who are elected and who thus constitute the
House. That, according to my recollection—for
I confess the question is sprung upon me—is the
! first clause of the Constitution where it gives its
own interpretation to what it means by the word
" House;" and there it certainly means all those
who arc clected to constitute the House.
Then come to the seventh section of the first
article, in which it provides that—
u Every biil which shall have passed the House of Rep-
rc-ontame-, and the Senate, shall, before it become a law,
be piesented to the President of the United States; if he
approve be .'hall sign it; but if not, he shall return it with
In- objeelioiis to that House m which it shall have origin-
ated.-'
—there the meaning of the term " House" clearly
is the body in which it originated. It means
nothing more than that the bill shall be returned
to the body in which it originated, be that body
the Senate or the House of Representatives—
•v w bo t- ball enter the objections at large on their Journal,
and pioceed to reconsider it. If, after <oirh reconsideration,
two thud1- of that House shall ayree to pass the bill, it yhall
be sent, together with the objecuon?, to the other House."
The language is, " two thirds of that House."
Then what does the Constitution mean there by
the term " House?" By the fifth section, where
it is provided that a majority of either House
shall be competent to do business, the constitu-
tional interpretation of the word "House" is,
that the House shall consist of all who are elected
for the time being to that House. Then, I sub-
nut that m the seventh section, where it is said
that two thirds of the House where the bill ori-
ginated shall be necessary to make it a law, the
meaning is, two thirds of the House as interpreted
in the fifth suction; or, in other words, two thirds
of all those who arc elected to constitute the House
for the time being. At the close of the seventh
section, you find the same purpose attained in
different language; and there, I submit, in lan-
guage that is not susceptible of misinterpretation.
■ It says:
''Every order, resolution, or vote, to which theconcur-
lenco of the Senate and House of Representatives may be
nece^aty, (except on a question of adjournment,) shall be
piesented to the Piosident ot the United States; and be-
loie the sime shall take effect, shall be appi oved by him; oi,
! hcin'f disapproved by him, shall be repassed by two thirds
! of tne Senate and House of Representatives."
; Properly read, the Constitution would express
it, " shall be repassed by two thirds of the Sen-
I ate and two thirds of the House of Representa-
tives." Now, what is " the Senate ?" Is " the
Senate" a majority, because the Constitution
declares that a majority shall be sufficient to do
business? The Senate of the United States con-
sists of two members from each State in the Con-
federation; but the Senate of the United States
for the time being, for all practical purposes, I
should say, is composed of all Senators who are
elected and who have been admitted to seats as
duly qualified. But the Senate of the United
States is not a majority of this body; nor is the
House of Representatives a majority of that
House. The House of Representatives consists
of those gentlemen apportioned under the Con-
