1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1547
submit a single suggestion which has determined
my mind in opposition to the opinion expressed
by the Chair, and which induces me to think that
it was the purpose of the framers of the Consti-
tution to require two thirds of the entire number
of members of both Houses. I suggest this
question. I ask whether it is dreamed by any
member of the Senate, that it was the purpose
of the framers of the Federal Constitution to
confer on a minority of both Houses of Congress
the power to override the veto of the President ?
If any say they do entertain that opinion, then I
ask why was it that a two thirds majority was
required? It seems to me that the very sugges-
tion of this question carries with it its own an-
swer. It never could have been the purpose of
the framers of the Federal Constitution to give
to a minority of both Houses the power to over-
ride the negative of the President.
Again, sir, could it have been the purpose or
intention of the framers of the Federal Constitu-
tion to allow one above one third of each House
to override the veto of the President? If the
construction of the gentlemen who agree with
the Chair be correct, twenty-two members of this
House, and a proportionate number of the mem-
bers of the other House, may at any time over-
ride the veto of the President and pass a law. In
other words, a less number than a majority of
either House may not only pass a bill, but
against the veto of the President they may still
establish it as a law. I cannot believe that such
was the intention of th* framers of the Federal
Constitution.
But, sir, there is something in the history of
the negative power of the President, as detailed
in the debates of the Federal convention, which
it conclusive to my mind. There was a proposi-
tion to give to Congress exactly the power which
is now contended for by the gentlemen who agree
with the Chair, and it was refused. Of all the
drafts submitted by the different members of the
Federal convention for a Constitution, but two
made any reference whatever to the negative
power of the President. One of those was Mr.
Hamilton's, which proposed to give to the Presi-
dent an absolute negative. The other was that
of Mr. Charles Pinckney, which I shall read. I
invoke the attention of Senators to the language
of the draft of Mr. Pinckney, and then ask them
to compare it with the draft of the Federal Con-
stitution as adopted, and to explain to me the
reason of the difference in the phraseology of
the two. Here is the language of Mr. Pinckney's
draft:
Every-bill which shall have passed the Legislature shall
be presented to tbe Piesident of the United State? for his
revision ; if lie approves it, he shall sign it; but if he does
not approve it, he shall return it, with his objections, to the
House it originated m ; which Howse, if two Thirds of the
members present, notwithstanding the President's objec-
tions, agree to pass it, shall send it to tbe other House, with
the President's objection? ; where, if two thud? of the mem-
bers present also agree to pass it, the same shall become a
law ; and all bills sent to the President, and not icturned
by him within — days, shail be laws, unless the Legislatiu e,
by tliejr adjournment, prevent their return5 in which case
they shall not be laws."
That was the original proposition of the quali-
fied veto of the President, as I think, certainly,
substantially the very proposition now contended
for by those who agree with the Chair in its
judgment. Whatdid the committee do to whom
that proposition was referred? They reported
first a resolution in these words:
" Resolved, That tlie national Executive shall have a
right to negative any legislative act which shall not be
atterwatds passed by two thirds of each branch of the
National Legislature."
That was the resolution reported by the com- j
mittee to whom this draft of Mr. Pinckney of a
constitution, and that of General Hamilton, were
referred. Afterwards, as we are told, these two j
drafts of a Federal Constitution, together with 1
others, wljich, as I have said, made no reference
whatever to a negative of the President, were
again referred to a committee; and, as is known
by the Senate, several reports were made. The
matter was re-referred and re-reported, but finally
they adopted the present form of the Constitution.
Now, I ask Senators why was it that the ori-
ginal proposition to give to amajority of two thirds
of the Senators present the right of overruling
the negative of a President was taken away ?
"Why did they not report it in that language, if it
was the intention of the framers of the Constitu-
tion to confer on a minority of each branch of
Congress—a minority only exceeding by one in
either House one third of that House—the power
of overruling the veto of the President? This
piece of legislative history to my mind is conclu-
sive, that it never was intended to give to any
other number of the members of each House,
than two thirds of the whole House, the power of
overruling the veto of the President. Unless
gentlemen can explain to me the reason of this
change, why it was that Mr. Pinckney's phrase-
ology was not adopted, why it was not allowed
to a majority of those present to override the veto
of the President, i cannot change my opinion;
I shall still think that the judgment of the Chair
is wrong.
Mr. BRODIIEAD. This is a very important
question, and the present is the first occasion
when it has been raised in this body. I think
we had better take a little time to consider it, and
for that purpose I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business, as I
understand there are several executive communi-
cation on the table. [" Oh, no!"]
The motion was not agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 13, noes 24.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Mr, Pres-
ident, of course I do not desire to discuss this
subject, but 1 presume that the fair way of
testing any question of this sort is to look at the
final result of its decision. I propose to do that,
and to apply to this case that system of reasoning
which the logicians call the reductio ad absurdum.
We have thirty-one States in this Union, and if
the Senate were full we should have sixty-two
Senators. Whenever the number three as a divi-
sor will not go into the dividend without a frac-
tion, to make the quotient equal, the fractional
Senator counts against the majority. If the
sixty-two Senators were here, and forty-two
should vote for overruling the President, and
twenty-one the other way, the President would
be sustained. Now, suppose that forty-two
should be present, and twenty-one should vote
for overruling him and one for sustaining him:
are you then to turn around and say that the
twenty Senators who were absent, by sickness,
or accident, or casualty, are to be counted, and
that they are to form a part of the number of
which two thirds is required? That would give
the President a veto power much greater, I think,
than was intended.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Or suppose they should
be willfully absent ?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Whether they
be absent accidentally, willfully, or in any other
way, this doctrine puts it into the power of almost
any fractional minority to defeat the evident will
of what I consider was the constitutional ma-
jority required by the Constitution to overrule a
veto. I never heard that this question was made
before in the history of the Government. It
seems to me to be a singular one. The Constitu-
tion says that when the President vetoes a bill,
he shall return it to the House in which it
originated, and that two thirds of that House
shall he required. This expression, ex vi termini,
by the force of the words, it seems to me, implies—
and no court would entertain adoubtabout it—th at
the House meant is a legislative House, a voting
House, a House that can do business. Some States
have not two Senators here; others are sick;some
are absent. Those who are here, if they area
quorum, are competent to do business. A House,
a voting House, consists of those who can do
business. Two thirds of those who can do busi-
ness, is what the Constitution requires. No
other interpretation, it seems to me, can be ra-
tional. Any other construction would lead to
the absurdity manifested by the figures which I
have already stated. I do not think the fathers
of the Constitution ever contemplated any such
thing. I do not believe the doubt was ever raised
before.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, arguments
which are not founded on principle are always
dangerous, and none are more so than those which
resort to the reductio ad absurdum. The Senator
from Kentucky says that, if you require two
thirds of all the members, and one man is lacking,
that man has all the power. That is very easily
answered, tf you require two thirds of a quorum,
and you lack one man of that, one man has all
the power. There is an end of his argument.
Whether two thirds of the whole number, or two
thirds of a quorum, be required, if one man is
lacking, that man has all the power. There
is the answer to the Senator's reductio ad abmr-
dum.
On ordinary principles, according to the argu-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana, two-thirds
of the same House which passed the bill would
be all that was requisite; but when we take into
consideration the cotemporaneous exposition
and the action of the convention, I concur with
the Senator from Alabama, that there is at least
a doubt; and being always in favor of restraining
the legislative power, knowing it to be unsafe as
a universal rule, I shall concur with him, and vote
with him.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, when-
ever there is a question of doubt between the
executive power of the Government and the legis-
lative power of the Government, my principles
teach me to lean in favor of the legislative depart-
ment. Ey the restriction, as it is called, on our
power, we augment the power of the President;
we make his veto, in fact, as near absolute as we
can by construction. That was rejected m the
convention, when proposed by Mr. Hamilton,
according to the authority which has been read.
The argument adduced now approximates the
power of the President to that absolute veto. I
confess I would favor the power of the represent-
atives of the people, whenever it is in competition
with the power of the Executive. But, sir, that
is not the question. We are not now debating
how this thing ought to be; but how it is.
Now, sir, is it not true, that whenever power
is conferred by the Constitution of the United
States on the Senate as a House, it is conferred
upon it as a House acting by a majority com-
petent to do business? Is it to be implied that
every man is present, or that there must be more
than a majority of the whole number? Wher-
ever that is intended, the Constitution says so,
and makes an exception of that case. The gen-
eral rule is, that whenever power is conferred on
both Houses, or upon either House, that power
is to be exercised by a majority of those who are
present. This is the general rule, the rule of
universal application, and where it is intended
otherwise the exception is expressed. Now, is
there any exception in this case ?
The provision of the Constitution is, that a bill
which the President vetoes shall be returned to
the House in which it originated, and shall be-
come a law if passed by a vote of two thirds of
that House in concurrence with two thirds of the
other House. Then what is " the House?" As
I have said before, wherever it is alluded to in the
Constitution, it is the House competewt to do
business—a quorum exercising the powers of the
Senate. Where the Constitution intended to re-
quire more, it says so, as in the case of the election
of Vice President.
According to the general rule, then, the quo-
rum of the Senate that was competent to pass
this bill originally is competent to pass it upon
the reconsideration, notwithstanding the Presi-
dent's objections, provided two thirds of that
competent number concur. My friend from Vir-
ginia says it is an important question. It would
be important if we were really doubtful about it.
I declare, notwithstanding the great respect I have
for the opinions of gentlemen who differ from me
on this subject, that it does appear to me to be too
clear for argument or doubt. The practice, as I
understand it, has been conformable to the view
which I have taken. It is just as clear as that
we have, in our general legislative capacity, a
power to act by a majority of the Senate, and to
exercise the same full power that we could if
every member elected were present. It seems to
me that it ought to be so. It is not inconsistent
with the general principles of the Constitution.
Members who could not vote with the President
in his veto might absent themselves from this
body, and leave you without two thirds of the
whole number present.
But, sir, I did not intend to go into this ques-
tion at all. It seems to me that we are now acting
in conformity to the general understanding ot
the Constitution, which requires only here pres-
ent a number competent to make a Senate of the
United States. That constitutes, in the parlia-
mentary term, " the House," and this House is
as competent, by the required vot  of two thirds,
