a*
m&tDti Wt/ft c6wtait'issi6NAL
■T*-
[July 12,
34rk Cong.l.*l st Scss
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Boyce.
Ho. of Reps.
the testimony., forth* mSjGrhy of the_ committee
(KsniwWes h&re anrcou need to this House that
these two e^ntlemen have been guilty of no
offense. What is the offense ? An assault and
battery. Who are guilty ? I believe there is no
such thing as an accessory in cases of assault and
battery. But admit that there is. Admit that
there may be both a principal and an accessory.
The majority of the committee say:
" The committee do not feel ihem e!ve* justified in H-
■nwsing the opinion on the testimony, that either of these
Members was a principal or an accessory to the assault;
fern they regard their conduct in the transaction, and par-
ticularly u> not taking steps to prevent the perpetration of
the wrong, or to inform the Senator of his danger, as rep-
rehensible."
That is the charge. They are relieved from
the charge of being either principal or accessory.
Their offense is, that they did not communicate
to the Senator from Massachusetts, the fact, that
the gentleman from South Carolina intended to
call him to account. That is the charge against
both; for the majority of the committee do not
attach any importance to any portion of the evi-
dence which goes to inculpate either Mr. Keitt
or Mr. Edmu.vdjox. And, in respect to Mr. Ed-
mcxdjox, this report is based entirety on hijown
statement before the committee, without notice
to him that he was implicated in this transaction.
He did not dream of it. I confess that I myself
did not, until the report was submitted to me for
action; for, whenever we thought that any one
was inculpated, we called upon him by resolution
to come forward and respond.
But what is Mr. Edmund son'a offense for which
this House is to punish him ? " Mr. Edmundson
had been informed by Mr. Bmoks that he in-
tended to call Mr. Sumner to account, and did
not communicate it," says the report. This was
communicated to him in private confidence'-, and
it is a breach of the privileges of this House for
a member not to violate private confidence. You
may turn it and twist it in every form and shape
in which you can present it to the human mind,
but the plain English of it is, that if any man
receive a communication from another in confi-
dence and private friendship, it is his duty to
become public informer. 1 know that the major-
ity of thatcommittee will not justify this doctrine.
I know they will not con Ant to this construction
of their report; but yet there is no mode of relief
from it. If they could see it as I see it, they
would condemn it as I condemn it. But can you
read it in any other light? Can you pass judg-
ment Upton it in any otjier light.'
1 regret, Mr. Speaker, that my time is running
out so rapidly, for I desired to discuss, particu-
larly, before the House, Diat provision of the
Constitution under which tnis power to expel is
claimed and exercised. I can only refer to it, and
claim the privilege of publishing my views upon it.
" Each House may determine the rules of its
proceedings." _ In direct connection with that
comes the provision to punish members for disor-
derly behavior—what disorderly behavior ? Dis-
orderly behavior in violation of the rules of the
House—and requiring you to prescribe, by your
rules, for order and for the punishment of the vio-
lation of order.
And again : if gentlemen are'guilty of disor-
derly behavior in violation of the rule, in viola-
tion of a joint rule, or in violation of a statute,
then your power can be exercised to punish him
for that disorderly behavior. You can, with the
concurrence of two thirds of the House, expel
k'SV l^e majority of the committee say,
" Each House^may determine its rules and punish
its members, and that provision requires no law
to carry it out. Let me attempt to illustrate this
doctrine. Congress has various powers, and I
will refer to only one, _ Congress has power to
define and punishpiraciesand felonies committed
on the high seas. Suppose Congress had defined
piracy, and_ these stopped, without having pro-
Tided a punishment for it? Could you punish a
man for the crime without prescribing in advance
what would be the punishment for the crime of
pirafcy ? And yet, the power given to Congress
to punish piracy is just the, same as the power
given to punish its own menibers. This princi-
ple is in protection of that great right which I
have already discussed—that no citizen of this
country shall be subjected to any punishment
unless it be for a violation of a known law.
The construction which I have placed upon this
1 provision of the Constitution protects the House
and its members in the enjoyment of all their
rights and privileges, and at the same time vio-
lates none of those great principles incorporated,
into the Constitution for the protection of the
personal rights of the citizen. You have the
power to adopt rules for the government of the
House; and it any member is guilty of disorderly
behavior in the violation of those rules, you can
provide for his punishment; and should the dis-
orderly conduct require it, you may provide for
his expulsion. This construction is in harmony
with the whole tenor and spiritof the Constitution.
It justifies no ex post facto law; it grants no power
to punish without authority of previously de-
clared laws-, it secures impartial action and pro-
tects us all from the unjust judgment which pas-
sion and prejudice—unrestrained by law—might
impose.
The deliberations of Congress are not more
liable to interruption and disturbance than the
proceedings of a court. By the actof 1851, which
I have already .quoted, we have provided against
the exercise by the courts of these dangerous
powers now claimed for Congress. Let us apply
the same just rule of action for our own govern-
ment. Let us declare in advance by our rules
what shall constitute a violation of them, and
■what punishment shall be inflicted for it, And,
if necessary .provide, as in the act referred to,
for the tried and punishment by the courts of the
country of those—either members or outsiders—
who may be guilty of such interference with Our
, deliberations, as shall demand such punishment
, as we have not the power to inflict. Is it not
| better to do this than to weaken those guarantees
. which the Constitution has established for the
protection of every American citizen ?
I have, Mr. Speaker, in this discussion, con-
formed my argument to the principles which I
have sought to maintain in the report made by
the minority, and for which I have asked the'
judgment of the House, in the amendment offered
to the resolutions of the majority. I have, ab-
stained from a discussion of the facts of the case
as inconsistent with our position and duty. Those
who may seek to appropriate this discussion to
mere party and sectional purposes, exhibi t thereby
their unfitness for the high duty imposed upon
them, and deserve the censure and condemnation
of all just and fair.-minded men. Such an effort,
, if made, will prove a signal failure. The calm
judgment of our countrymen will rebuke and
condemn it, so soon as the present excitement
: shall have passed away, and men begin to look
I upon this transaction in the light of reason,,
> unaffected by passion and prejudice. Whatever
judgment this House may now pass, under the
circumstances which at present purround us, in
the exercise of powers not delegated, in my judg-
ment, by the Constitution, I doubt not that, upon
a more mature and unimpassioned consideration
of the argument, I shall have the concurrence of
many who now yield their better judgment to the
demands of popular clamor. '
j The public sentiment of this country cannot
and will not sustain any_proceeding based upon
the Enforcement of ex pmt facto laws, nor will it
sanction the idea now claimed by the Opposition,
that^ under the authority given to this House to
punish its members for disorderly behavior, we
are invested with the power of arraigning our
members and punishing them for what we, may
deem disorderly, behavior, no matter where or
when it occurs ; that we can follow our fellow-
members to their respective homes, watch their
deportment, and hold them responsible to us for
their good couduct—and all this to be done under
an authority given in the Constitution for the
Obvious purpose of securing order and protection
ih our legislative deliberations, and which should
therefore be exercised alone in reference to the
conduct of membirs in the presence of the
House. Time will not admit of a more elaborate
consideration of the subject; but I submit these
views in the full confidence of their correctness,
and that they will sooner or later receive the
approving judgment of the country1
ASSAULT OK MR. SUMNBR.
SPEECH OF WILLIAM W. BOYCE,
O* SOUTH CAROLINA,
III tbk House of Representative*,
July 12, 1856.
The House having under consideration the report of the
committee on the alleged assault of Hon. Preston 8.
Brooks on Hon. Cparlks Sumnsr, of the Senate,
Mr. BOYCE said:
Mr. Speaker: I am desirous of making some
(Observations upon this case, as the gentleman
most particularly involved is one of the repre-
sentatives from my own State, and my personal
friend. But it is not merely upon that ground
that this question interests me. As a question
of prerogative, affecting the rights of the peopls
upori one hand, and the privileges of the Govern-
ment on the other, it is a question which must
excite universal interest. In England, these ques-
tion* of prerogative have always agitated the pub-
lic mind to its profonndest depths. We all recol-
lect how, in the 'great case of Hampden, England
was disturbed upon the question of ship money.
At another time, in the reign of James II., m
the case of the seven bishops, England was all
excitement awaiting the acquittal of those Victims
of oppression. At a more recent period, when
general warrants were attempted to be enforced
hi the case of Wilkes, the public mind was all
on fire to ascertain what would be the decision
of the courts. In our own country, at the period
of the alien and sedition laws, the public mind
was profoundly disturbed in reference to the
questions then before'the courts. So, sir; in ref-
erence to a case of this kind, involving the rights
of every citizen; for although to-day it maybe
the case of my friend and colleague, to-morrow
it may your case, or my case, or the case of any
other individual in the country. Therefore it fl 
not surprising that this case should excite the
deepest interest.
The great question is as to the jurisdiction of
this House. Has the House jurisdiction? In
referenceto the power of the House to act upon*
this matter, it is evident that, if they have any
power Upon the subject, it must be derived from
the Constitution by express grant, or by neces-
sary implication, and it must not be inconsistent
with any provision of the Constitution. That
rule of construction is clear, because our Oov-
ernment is a Government of limited powers. All
powers not granted are, by the Constitution itself,
expressly reserved to the people or the States.
Therefore, before you Call take one step in any
direction, you must be able to show that the
power to take it is granted by the Constitution,
or is a neeess&ry implication from it.. Well, is
the power granted by the Constitution ? If so,
I desire to know what clause of the Constitution
confers the power ? Doubtless, I shall be pointed
at once to that clause of the Constitution which'
has been so much referred to, Where this House
is given power to punish its members for disor-
derly conduct, and, with the consent of two
thirds, to expel a-member^ I confess that that
clause of the Constitution is the only one which
seems to me to admit of an Argument affirmative
of the power of the House in this case.' But the
slightest examination of that clause—twit merely
by its words, but by its spirit—is sufficient, it
seems to hie, to show that the idea arises from
an entire misconception of the clause. What
was the purpose of that clause?'' The key to
the clause is in the first line of itr " Each House
may determine the fules of its proceedings.
That iB the great idea. Some poet has said
" Order is Heaven's fhs* taw."
Order is fequally the first law of every deliber-
ative body. It was once s&id that no body of
mrfre than a hundred men could be anything else
than a mob. At any rate, no body of men can
legislate without order. One cause of the ""for-
tunate prostration of the h.stonc kingdom of Po-
land was the disorder which existed in the Polish
diet. Order, then, is the first necessity of a legis-
lative body; it is the vital spark indispensable
to existence. The framers of our Constitution
