*14
W P!©NditE3slOtvXli,!«WjWe.
'■•** • "?•?'   T* ' ' 1   
34Tftft3Ct^.t...l3T SESS.
AssttuTt on Mr. Sumtrer—ilfr. Sotjce.
[July 1%
Ho. or Rets.
Which giants to this Housr the poweT to
cdriipel the attendance of absent members; and
that, having the power to compel the attendance
bf members, whenever by assault and battery a
• irifemberisprevented from attendance, the offender
violates that clause of the Constitution, and is
guihy of contempt of the House, and maybe
punished accordingly. Whjr. sir, that is the most
fer-fetched conclusion possible. It is very evi-
dent that that clause of the Constitution intended
to prevent voluntary absehce. It merely intended
to require that those members who were not will-
ing to attend ghould be compelled to attend. It
never contemplated that it was to he used to in-
sure the attendance of members kept from the
Honse involuntarily by force. The law of the
land already provided a remedy for that. The
Writ of habeas corpus, and the action of trespass
fbr false imprisonment, were adequate remedies.
But against the member voluntarily absent there
•was no legal remedy. It was, therefore, neces-
sary for the House to have this grant of power to
compel the absent member to atteml in spite of
himself. Hence thispawerwas conferred upon
the House, That was the extent of this power.
Can you distort this power into atl impliedpower
on the part of the Houses to punish any orte who
might commit an assault ana battery ?■ Sir, there
is clearly nothing in' that idea.
Then, again, the power to ptmiih for astault
arid battery on a member is cliimetl fro'm that
clause of the Constitution which s&yi that eVery
member Shall fee free in his person from arrest.
It is said that an aSSault and hattery is, to a lim-
ited extent, an arrest, and therefore in violation
of the privilege of tile member and in contempt
of the House, fiiit, sir, that is an illogical con-
clusion. What did the Constitution intend to
guard against ? It intended' to make unlawful that
which was hitherto lawful. Without (hat clause
of the' Constitution It would have b^en lawful to
arrest members of Congress In civil actions: It
would' not have bdeh lawful for any private citi-
zen thus to arrest him. The object of the Con-
stitution, therefore, waa to deprive the courts of
this power of arrest, which they wtfuld otherwise
have. had. It was not intended by the Coitstiiu-
"tkfn to do a nugatory act—to make illegal an act
■which was then illegal.. That was not the inten-
tion. The intention of the Constitution was
clear—to make illegal an arrest hy the courts,
Which otherwise wouldbe legal. Therefore, this
clause of the Constitution has nothing whatever
t'O do with A case of assault and battery by a pri-
vate' citizen. "That is a matter unlawful in itself;
and it Was irfjt n$c*ssary to guard against it.
Therefore, it can in, rto tense whatever under this
clause be said chat an. asaiuli and battery is a
contempt' of the House.
Well, sir, what othe r clause now iir relied Upon ?
That which privileges a member for anything
taid in debate. This had no reference to illegal
assaults upon members. The object wc.s to protect
members from actions of slander, which, without
each constitutional prohibition, Could have been
tfraintaine'd. It . furnishes no pretense for the
assumption of a power in the House to punish
fbr contempts.
Nbt only musft this power to punish for
fednteinpta tie derived from some clause in the
Constitution, but. agreeaible to the rule of con-
struction which I hare stated in the beginning of
my argument, it most rtbt be inconsistent with any
other clause in' the Constitution. Let us try this
assumed power by this test. The Constitution
has several important provisions bearing on this
point. It provided that no warran t shall iSsue ex-
cept upon oath; no person is to answer fbr a crime 1
except on indictment; in all criminal prosecutions I
aCctf&ed entitled to a trial by jury. These are !
some of the bulwarks of otir liberties. Are they I
not at war with this power of summary punish- j
went in the Hodse? Has not Mr. Brooks the
rfeht'to ask for the tarrant under oath, the in-
flicttneht, the trial by jury? Do you not refuse
ttoem by this proceeding ? Do you not therefore
trample upon the Constitution' Yet there is a
rtote important safeguard of liberty still remain-
ing. Congress shall pass no ex pott facto law.
Whith means tliat no man shall be punished excep t
by ftti-ai of a law enacted before the commission
vr the1 alleged Offtnse. How do yon reconcile
your action with this great provision -of benevo-
lence and right ? Can you show any previous
law? None. Then your action is unconstitu-
tional.
I conclude, therefore, that this assumed power
ih the House to punish summarily, without pre-
vious law, iscondemned by the Constitution.
- But these asserters of imperial privilege in the
House,driven discomfited from the Constitution,
yet refuse to yield. They as'snme another posi-
tion, and claim the power to punish for contempt
as a power arising from a necessity above the
Constitution. But 1 deny this as a .question of
law, and a question of fact. There is no such
thing as a necessity above the Constitution. If
the Constitution does not grant the power, it is
conclusive that it does not exist. Such a sup-
posed necessity may be a very good reason for
an amendment of the Constitution, but no more.
But I deny that such a necessity in point of fact
exists. The grant of exclusive legislation over
the ten miles square, gives Congress the amplest
possible power to protect itself by law against
attacks upon itself or its members. By that grant
of power, you have a right to pass laws, with
heavy penalties, securing your existence from all
illegal attempts. If you do not choose to exercise
this power it is your own fault, and furnishes no
excuse for tlie assumption of a special summary
and tyrannical jurisdiction. By passing laws
under this power, the offender will be handed
over to the courts, and not be debarred of his
constitutional privileges, which is in conformity
to the spirit of our institutions.
foiled in their plea of necessity, the'advocates
of prerogative take refuge in the parliamentary
law. Parliamentary law is the tahsmanic word
which is to supply all deficiencies. What has
the parliamentary law to do with the power of
this House? Why there is 'no possible point
of comparison betwfeen this House of Repre-
sentatives and the English House of Commons.
This House has limited powers. It possesses no
powers that are not expressly conferred upon it
by the Constitution, or necessarily implied^ The
House of Commons is an imperial House of un-
limited power. They have said to the House of
Peers," Go out!"ancr they have gonegHmmering
through the mists of things that Were. They
ha,ve said to the king, ".Descend from your
throne!" and to the executioner, "Off with his
head!" and the head Of the king has rolled from
the block. No power has ever been able to Sub-
due them except Oliver Cromwell. He put them
down, man of iron as he was.
The House of Commons is an imperial House—
above kings, above peers, above constitutions.
There is no analogy between the powers and
privileges of that House and this House of Rep-
resentatives. There is no groiind of analogy
Whatever between them. Why, sir, from whence
is this prerogative of the House1 Of Commons
derived? We aretild by Hatlafn that the House
of Commons exercises its prerogative of punish-
ing for breaches of its privileges, from precsrip-
tion and from express statute. What is the pre-
scription of the common law? Prescription is
that which exists from time whereof the memory
of man runneth not to the contrary. Sometimes
it i$ said to be founded upon statutes' worn out
by use. I think that is What Coke says about ft.
Well, shall we found our privileges upon this
right of prescription? Why this House was
born but yesterday. Its We is but a day in the
lifetime at a nation. Why, there are noble fam-
ilies in England Which date back to the Norman
Conquest — centuries before this House or our
Constitution emerged from the bosom of time.
We are not old enough to claim by prescription.
We must claim by express statute, or which there
is ho pretense. Therefore the grounds on which
the House of Commons claim prerogative fails us.
There has been no greater error, in my opinion,
in the view which American lawyers have taken
of the Constitution of their country, than in this
deference to the parliamentary law of England.
They havefbllowed blindly the file ofEnglisn pre-
cedents, without looking to the reason of them.
They have been satisfied in goingto the books to
find that such and such are the powers under
the parliamentary lawof England. They do not
look to the origin-of the parliamentary law of
Ehgland. _ I shy there has been no greater error
than iri going to parliamentary law fbr the deriva-
tion of our powers. We might as well seek our
prerogatives in the customs of the Turkish divan.
I I do not speak of that parliamentary law which
; has reference to the order of proceedings in this
j House. That law has been adopted as authority,
to a certain extent. Any writer on the subject
might have his work adopted in the same way.
The Manual has been thus adopted fbr the gov-
ernment of the House. Therefore, on these
grounds, it strikes me that there is no power flow-
: ing from the parliamentary law whatever in this
House to exercise these powers and prerogatives,
i The argument does not stop here. IfthisHouSe
1 claims the right to punish in this summary way
because it is a legislative body, why, then, does
not the prerogative extend to the President? He
has a legislative power greater thah one half of
either House. His veto cannot be overruled
Unless by a two-thirds vote. If legislative power
gives prerogative to the House, then it also
gives it to the President. But nobody claims
that it does givg it to the President. The hon-
orable gentletafin from Ohio will notjilaim that
power for the'' President, great as may be the
President's legislative power. It will not be con-
tended that he has the power to punish for con-
tempts. If he has no such prerogative, though he
' has this great legislative power, why is it claimed
for the House ?
There, again, sir, our lawyers go astray. They
look into English history, and they find that the
| House of Commons claims this power on account
(if its< legislative prerogatives. They find that
the British king does not claim it, because it is
not necessary for the British king to claim it, for
the reason that he is amply protected by the
statutes of treason and misprision of treason,
and hedged in by that divinity which doth sur-
round a king. They find, therefore, no author-
ity in British history on which to claim this
power to punish for contempt by the President
of the United States, and they do not claim it
for him. If they had the same precedents for
that that they derive from the House of Com-
mons, doubtless they would claim the power for
the.President,
Again: At an early ^period, as far back as 1831,
this matter was.considered With reference to the
power of the courts of the country to punish for
contempts, and what was the decision of both
j Houses of Congress at that time ? Both Houses,
by the act of 1831, prescribing the jurisdiction
of Courts to punish for contempts, declared that
there should be no power in the courts to punish
for contempts except for contempts in the face of
the court. Well, sir, what was the meaning of
that law? It was.an expression of the sense.of
Congress that it was dangerous to trust the
courts With such power, and that the Constitution
did not authorize it. It was the sense of the
Congress Of the United States that such a power
ought not to rest even in the hands of the judi-
ciary. Welt, sir, if" the judiciary cannot be
trusted—those men who hold the scales of justice
with an even hand—who will say that the power
ought to be conferred on this House, which can-
not, in the nature of things, be supposed to be as
impartial,, politically or otherwise, as the courts
of the country? The fact that the two Houses,
as far back as 1831, thus acted in reference^ to
contempts, is a very strong expression of opinion
by the Congress of the United States that it was
neither politic nor constitutional, nor consistent
with the rights and liberties of the people to trust
a summary and unlimited power of punishing for
contempt to any body of men.
I would ask again, is this power under which
the House acts, a legislative or a judicial power t
It cannot be a legislative power, because the only
mode in which the House can act in its legislative
capacity, as a general rule, is to pass an act or a
resolution as a law. "Neither, when the House
acts in this manner, does it act in a judicial capa-
city, for by the Constitution "the judicial power
of the United States" is vested in the courts.
And here is another fundamental error made in
attempting to compare this House to the Houm
of Commons of fngland. The House of Com-
mons of England is the great judicial body, the
first oourt in England.
