1856.]
appendix to the congressional ©lob®.
81&
34m Cono....Lst Sess.
AxsmUt on Mr. Simmer—Mr. Simmons'.
Ho. op Reps.
Attachments for con tempt cannot be considered
in anv of the courts of England, because, in |
issuing from the House of Commons, they issue
from one of the highest courts of England. But
this House is not a court. It is a mere legislative
body. These attachments for contempt in Eng-
land are justified in a very great degree by the
lawyers, by the power which the House of Com-
mons derives ;is the first court; but, in this re-
spect, there is no analogy between this House
mid the House of Commons.
Well, sir, again to illustrate the error of the
analogy attempted to be drawn between the power
of this House and of the English House of Com-
mons in England, the House of Commons punish
for libel. Men have been scourged, imprisoned,
and pilloried for libel in England. Well, does
anybody claim the power in this House to punish
foriibel here? 1 apprehend hot, at this day. In
the earlier period of our Government, when we
bad not got well accustomed to the working of
free institutions — when we had not become in-
stinct with the idea of republicanism, the Senate
did clann this power to punish for libel, in the
case of Mane. Duane was proceeded against
for libel; they prosecuted him, but the spirit of
the country, even at that early day, was aroused
against them; they were driven back by public
epinion, and were very glad to leave the matter
alone.
Surely no one will now contend that the House
has power to punish for libel. Well, then, if the
House has not the power to punish for a libel
upon its members or upon the House collectively,
where is the power to punish for assaults and
batteries, because they are much less injurious,
to the House itself than assaults and batteries.
You may strike down one, two, or three mem-
bers of the House, and they will get up again;
but if you attack the good name of the House,
you attack that which is priceless, you sap the
foundations of the Government, you leave it a
mere thing of shreds and patches—a government
in form but not in spirit, for a government demor-
alized is no government at all. If, therefore,
you cannot punish for the greater offense of libel
against the whole House, how can you punish
for the lesser offense of assault and battery on
• single member? See the absurdity of your posi-
tion. At one time it was held good constitutional
law that the House could punish foralibel. Now,
all this is exploded. May we not hope that truth,
though it travels slow, will eventually reach the
House, as to the kindred power now claimed ? It
is admitted you cannot punish for a libel. If this
be good law, you cannot punish for assault and
battery.
Again: in the convention which adopted the
Constitution, it was proposed to make each House
the judge of its own privileges, with power to
punish for assaults on its members; but the prop-
osition was rejected. Mr. Madison, objecting,
Said:
" It would be better to make provision fbr ascertaining
hy law the privilege of each House, than to allow each
House to decide for itself."
Surely the action of the convention on this
proposition is an argument of great, if not of
conclusive, force against the claim of power now
made.
Again: it has been decided by the Sapreme
Court, in-the case of the United States vs. Hud-
son & Goodwyn, (7 Cranch, 34,) that the Fed-
eral courts have no jurisdiction over common-
law offenses, and can only proceed under express
st^ute. Is not the principle decided in this case
at war with the idea that either House of Con-
gress can exercise a criminal jurisdiction by vir-
tue of the parliamentary law, which is only a
branch of the common law of England ? If the
courts cannot punish without express statute,
how can either House do so?
The case of Anderson vs. Dunn, (6 Wheaton,
804,) is relied upon as authority for the House to
punish for contempts generally; but the point of
that decision is very much misapprehended. The
eourt in that case say:
"The pleadings have narrowed the question down to the
«imple inquiry, whether the House of Representatives can
take cognisance of contempts under any circumstances?"
_ It might be conceded that the House could pun-
ish for contempts in its presence, but that would i
fall far short of thepower claimed in this case, as
' the assault in the case was not committed in the
presence of the House, nor while it was in ses-
sion. This case, then, in my opinion, does not'
touch the point of the controversy now raised.
I have not time to enlarge upon the danger of
the claim ol'prerogative now raised for the House.
I will content myself with quoting the opinion of
Mr. Hallam on this point, in reference to the
House of Commons. He says:
"It inav surprise tho-e who have heard of the happy bal-
ance of tiie English Constitution, of the responsibility of
every man to the law, and of the security of every subject
from all unlimited power, especially as to personal free-
dom, that this power of awanhiuj punishment at the dis-
cretion of the Houses of I'aihament is generally reputed
to lie universal and uncontrollable. It has been several
times brought into discussion before the ordinary tribunals,
and the result has been that, it the power of I'ailiuuiem is
not unlimited in light, there is at least no remedy provided
against it.-, excess, Notwithstanding such imposing author-
ities, theie lias not been wantum some who have thought
that the doctrine ot uncontrollable privilege is both emi-
nently dangerous in a free country, and repugnant to the
analogy of our free Constitution."
I cannot do more than allude to the opinion of
Mr. Jefferson on this point, to be found at the
57th page of the Manual. A prerogative cortsid-
ered so dangerous in England, so doubtful here,
should certainly arive us pause.
I have hitherto argued the case as if the as-
sault had been upon a member of this House, but
it was not: it was on a Senator, which makes
all the difference imaginable. 1 utterly deny that
this House lias any power to punish for an as-
sault upon a Senator. If this be an offense against
either House, it is an offense against the Senate,
and the Senate alone have power to punish. If
the Senate can punish a private citizen for an
assault on one of its members, why cannot it
punish Mr. Brooks. His constitutional privilege
of freedom from arrest does not extend to a breach
of the peace. If the Senate have jurisdiction over
such an offense, there is nothing to prevent it
from proceeding against Mr. Brooks. Assuming i
the general jurisdiction over such class of offenses, j
the Senate have declined to exercise it against !
Mr. Brooks on the authority of the English pre- !
cedents. J
But in following the English precedents, the j
Senate-have, I submit, with deference, but with !
entire confidence, entirely overlooked the grounds '
upon which the English precedents rest. Incase I
of an offense by a member of the House of Com- I
mons against the House of Peers, the House of
Peers does not take jurisdiction, but complains
to the House of Commons, because it is a funda-
mental principle of the constitutional law of Eng-
land that every man has & right to be tried by
[ his peers. Tnis principle would be violated if
I the House of Lords undertook to punish a roem-
: ber of the House of Commons, or any other com-
moner. So, likewise, the House o'f Commons
cannot proceed against one- of the peers. For
authority on this point I refer to Ferral's Law of
i Parliament, 131. This distinction does not hold
1 in this country, for all are peers. It is a familiar
[ maxim of tfte law, that, the reason of the rule
ceasing, the rule likewise ceaseth. The princi-
ple upon which the practice of the House of Peers
proceeds not being operative here, the practice
cannot exist.
I conclude, therefore, with entire confidence,
that, if either House has jurisdiction in this case,
it is the Senate; that the House cannot take juris- !
diction as could the House of Commons for a
defect of power in the upper House, because the
ground upon which that defect of power in the
House of Peers rests—necessity of trial by one's
peers—does not in point of fact exist here. I
invite attention to this point, as 1 consider it set-
tles the case conclusively against the jurisdiction !
of the House, especially when we consider that j
the committee rest their claim of jurisdiction upon j
the ground " that the Senate, for 8 breach of its ;
privileges,cannotarresta member of the House." \
The committee, after a brief recital of the facts, j
say: ' i
"2. That this assault was a breach of the privileges of
the Senate. j
" 3. That the Senate, for a breach of its privileges, can- j;
not arrest a member of the House of Representatives, and 1
A fortiori cannot try and punish him; that such authority |
devolves upon the House of which he is a member, and 'J
' therefore, that it is not within th« juri«dietion of the 11
'! Senate, Hnd can only be punished by the of which
Mr. Brooks is a inemher.1 "
It was my purpose to have gone into the facts
of the case, but having been cut oil by the expi-
ration of my hour, I do not feel at liberty to pur-
sue this line of argument.
ASSAITI/r ON .MR. SI'MNER.
SPEECH OF HON. G. A. SIMMONS,
OF NEW Y >RK,
In the House of Representatives,
* July 11, 1856.
The House having under consideration the report of the
committee on the alleged assault of IJon. Preston S.
IIkooks on Hon. Chari.es Sumner, of the Senate,
Mr. SIMMONS said:
Mr. Speaker: When this question first came
up I was expecting that the opposite side of
this House would take the opposite position
from the one they have assumed, and that they
would be willing, for the sake of carrying out the
law and of sustaining the constitutional rights of
the House, to make the temporary sacrifice that
justice required. I did not expect to find a large
portion of the legal talent of the House, and
almost half of its members, take it up as a party
question, and refuse to pronounce the act that haa
been committed an improper one. It was an as-
j sault on a member of the Senate, a coordinate
j branch of the national Legislature, for a speech
i made in that body. It was not a casual outburst
j of passion like those which sometimes occur in
! this House. It was not like the cases which the
j gentleman from North Carolina has attempted to
: magnify to an equality with it. It was a deliber-
ate, premeditated assault on an unprotected mem-
ber of the Senate. One could hardly conceive
how party spirit could run so high, let so it is.
j We knew before, that, when excited, party would
j sacrifice religion, and almost anything else, to
| accomplish its object; that churches would not
1 stand long in its way—all would be swept before
it; but we hoped the Constitution would be
! spared, and the privileges of the Legislature re-
I spected.
I There are three questions involved. The first
is the jurisdictional power of this House to take
cognizance of this offigjise. The second is, what
j is the character and nature of the offense. Is
j it a mere fracas; or is it one of that magnitude
I that requires, for the salvation of the people and
j the Government, a prompt and effective remedy?
' The third question is, what shall we do?—what
is the proper punishment?
i One would suppose that the question of the
Eower of the House had been decided long ago.
o indeed it has. Yet it is still doubted; and we
can never, it seems, be without skepticism on one
i side or the other. The clearest truths have their
disputers from age to age. In aarly times there
were a few philosophers who tenk ground against
the existence of a God. They believed that this
j system of beautiful coincidencte and adaptations
j composing the world, was but the effcct of chance,
or a necessary result of the concurrence of atoms.
I To be sure, the error of their opinions was dem-
I onstrated a thousand times, by many greater
i philosophers, from Cicero to Newton and Dugald
j Stewart. The Roman orator does not argue it
at large, but contents himself with dispatching
the skeptics with a single sweep of his pen. The
passage is beautiful, and I eannotrefrain fromgiv-
mg the pith of it. He mentions these philosophers
! by name, and says that they who believe this
; beautiful system of the universe to have resulted
; from a concurrence of atoms, or a development of
nature's laws, ought to believe that a great sack
I full of movable letters of the alphabet, if such
> could be, whether golden or lead, would, when
i spilled on theground, happen to fallintc aHomer's
I Iliad or an Ennius's poem. But, notwithstand-
j ing this demonstration, disputers continued, and
modern pantheists are beginning to put forth their
strength in such books as the Vesligescf Creation.
So it is with regard to the jurisdiction of this
House over breaches of privilege. From Jefferson
down to Cobb, more than half a century, there
have been those who contend it is unconstitutional
to exercue tits power claimed in this case. True,
