81*
JLPFENMX' TO THE €X)NGRESS10«^ti<fHJ£>W^
[July 11,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Summer-^-Mr, Simmons.
Ho . or Reps'.
■we have the decisions of the Supreme Court to
sustain us. It has decided the question directly
once, and incidentally two or three times. The
two Houses of Congress have uniformly decided
in favor of the power from the first organization
of the Government, in 1789. But what of that?
The power is still disputed. But on what ground
is the power disputed ? I grant that the minority
have made an able exposition of their argument;
but I must say. there is no great originality in it.
It is die same argument used by Mr. Jefferson,
many years ago, before there was any decision
of the court, or more than one or two in the Le-
gislature. It so happens, howevej, that the State
from which the principal party concerned in this
assault comes, has, by its representatives, always
upheld the dignity and authority of this body.
The decision of the Supreme Court, rightin point,
was delivered by Mr. Justice Johnson, from
South Carolina; and the incidental decisions, at
least one of them, was delivered by the same j
judge. Afterwards, in the case of an assault by
Mr. Jarvis, on the President's private secretary,
the chairman of the committee making the report
was Mr. McDuffie, from South Carolina. He
used the strongest words in favor of the authority
of the House to punish for the offense. In fact,
I disagree with many gentlemen in taunts some-
times indulged in towards South Carolina. There
is no State in the Union, the history of whose
distinguished men I love more to read than that
of South Carolina. They were almost always
upon the right side of a question—of course 1 do
not speak of the present generation. [Laughter. J
Now, sir, the express power of this House is
given by the Constitution in these words:
"Bach Bouse may determine the rules of its pioeeed-
ings, punish its members for disorderly behavior, and, with
the concurrence of two thirds, expel a member."—Canst.,
Art. 1, Sec. 5, first clause.
But, sir, it is suggested by the minority report,
that we have no rule* forbidding a man to go
secretly, with two or three friends to keep him in
courage, and take a Senator unawares in his seat
just after an adjournment, and strike him with
a cudgel over the head. Why, sir, there are a
thousand things we have no rules forbidding;
And what of that ? Do gentlemen gravely con-
tend that no authority is given by the Constitution,
to punish amember for disorderly behavior, with-
out there is a rule providing expressly for every
particular case, and defining all the species aid
grades of disorderly behavior?
But it is said that this act was committed out
of session. Perhaps it will be granted that, if Mr.
Brooks had gone into the Senate when that body
was sitting, and when this House was sitting,
and when some Senator was speaking, and gone
up and knocked him down, there would be some
conditional power to punish him for disorderly
behavior. And yet there is no rule against
that.
But they say that that was during the sitting;
and the ground.is taken that when the House is
adjourned, the protection and privilege of a mem-
ber stand upon the same ground as if he were
somewhere in the street away from the Capitol.
Now, sir, against that doctrine we have all the
law that is necessary. Why, the difference is
between a session of. the House and a silting of the
House. The session commences on the first Mon-
day of December,'and lasts until an adjournment
without day; and it is during that period that a
member is protected; and even protected further
than that—he is protected during the time
which is necessary to come here and return;
at all events, he is protected during the entire
session.
A sitting is only for one portion of our busi-
ness. We are engaged in the public Bervice not
only when we sit here to debate or vote, but when
we are at our boarding-houses, taking food and
rest for that purpose. We are employed by the
public, and paid by the day and month, during
such temporary recesses. We are in the coun-
try's Service, and it needs our health and strength
to meditate and think over subjects; much more,
by-the-by, than we are in the habit of doing
when we are out of this Hall.
I hold in my hand a book entitled " The Law
Practice of Legislative Assemblies," by L. 8.
Cashing, of Massachusetts, lately deceased, who,
I believe, was the presiding officer of one branch
of the Massachusetts Legislature for some years,
i He has given the whole law of legislative assem-
blies. The Constitution says that " neither
House, during the session of Congress, shall, with-
out the consent of the other, adjourn for more
than three days, nor to any other place than that
in which the two Houses are sitting." There is
a distinction taken between session and sitting. A
session is one thing, a sitting another. The au-
thor says that the privilege continues during each
session of the legislative assembly, but as to the
time of going and returning different regulations
prevail. The privilege being limited to the dura- !
tion of the session, and for a certain period pre-
vious and subsequent thereto, it is important to
determine what constitutes a session." And then
he goes on and shows that a session means the
whole period from the commencement or first
organization of the House—which is the first
Monday of December—until the day of final ad-
journment. That is one session. And he says
that " each Congress usually has two sessions,
commencing on the first Monday of December
annually. The first session terminates by agree-
ment of the two branches, the second by lapse of
time." "A session," says he, " is the period
of time during which , both the branches of the
Legislature sit from day to day, with occasional
intetmissions of a day or two at a time, by one
or both, until the business before them is sam-
ple ted, and the daily sittings are brought to a
close."
Then this assault was committed during a ses-
sion, though not when the Houses were sittingy
and it comes within the reason of the law of strict
privileges. It is just as necessary and proper
that members should bs protected at their board-
ing-houses,in the streets, in the committee rooms,
: and especially in their halls of legislation, before
; and after these daily sittings,- as it is when occu-
\ pying our seats under a call to order by the
Speaker.
; . Again, the author says:
I " It is hardly necessary to add that, as a legislative as-
sembly has no existence or authority as such, except when
! regularly in session, the members cannot claim this privilege
for anything said or done at any other time. It is to be
observed, however, that mere temporary adjournments for
the convenience of members, and not for the purpose of
putting an end to the session, are, in fact, continuations,
and not terminations of it."
Then it seems that here was art act committed
during the session, in every legal sense of the
word. But again, the. minority report presses
the argument that this House is without jurisdio-*
! tion over any act that is not committed in the
place or Hall where it assembles and is sitting.
Now, in regard to that, the same writer says:
" All attacks upon the persons of the members or officers
of a legislative assembly, or others attending and privileged,
aa witnesses artd parties, whether by actual violence or by
threats, and all disorders in, near* or about the place of sit-
ting, have been always deemed high breaches of privilege,
and punishable accordingly."
" A contempt of the authority of a legislative assembly
may be committed either in or out of its presence."—Ibid.,
671.
" Contempts committed out of its presence usually con-
sist of disobedience to its orders." * * * "Wtfen the
offender is a member, the proceedings do not differ from
those against a third person, except in his being required to
withdraw when the question is made."—Ibid., 672.
, In, near, or about the place of sitting ! Can it be,
sir, that in this Capitol, where we have two
coordinate branches of the Legislature, each de-
pendent on the action of the other, a member of
one House can take refuge in the plea that his
outrage was committed in the other branch ?
Then, Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that the
authority—so far as this work is authority,
and it is a very elaborate work—is against this
artificial distinction to do away with all privileges
by confining them to this room, or at most to the
committee-rooms, and not allowing them to travel
with the members when they are going to their
boarding-houses or returning to the Capitol, or
when attending on the sittings of- the Senate, or
in the Senate Chamber at other times.
But, sir, it is objected that this is only an im-
plied power. The Constitution declares tnat each
House may punish its own members for disor-
derly behavior; and now, who is guilty of raising
an implied power—we, or the opposite party?
The Constitution does not say that each House
may punish its own members for disorderly be-
havior during their sittings, and in the halls of debate.
It leaves that out; and why? Bec&use it would
have limited it, and given the minority report
something to stand on. But it omits these re-
strictive words, and it is only by implication that
gentlemen seek to restrict it to this Hall, and to
actual sittings. The framers of the Constitution
understood parliamentary law, and the restricting
clause which is sought to be ingrafted on it was
excluded for that very reason, because, as it now
stands, it is broad enough to comprehend all vio-
i lations of order that happen during the session,
! and at the seat of Government. There is no get-
ting rid of this argument. Those who seek to
restrict this power are the party who resort to an
implied power. If the clause of the Constitution
had been, that eaeh House may punish its mem-.
: bers for disorderly behavior committed on the floor
of the House, during the sittings of the House,
and in violation of the rules of the House, then the
gentlemen upon the other side would have had us,
because the Constitution would have been limited '
then to exactlty their view of the question. But
the Constitution does not happen toftay that,
j Those who framed the Constitution understood
the meaning of words, and these words were left
outon purpose. So says Judge Johnson, of South
' Carolina, in Anderson tis. Dunn, and he under-
! stood it.
I have thus far, Mr. Speaker, attempted to
: show that this is an express power, because it is
! the power of this House to punish its own mem-
bers for disorderly behavior. I have attempted
to show that this was " disorderly behavior,"
within the literal and express meaning of' the
clause, and that any other construction narrows
it down and limits it instead of taking the fain
' and full import of the words. .Butitis notueces-
, sary to plant it on that ground. The South Car-
olina judge and Mr, McDuffie go further, and
maintain the power of the House aa an implied
i power to punish not only its own members, bufc
i third persons, for disorderly behavior. It is, in
fact, a resulting power, and results from the very.
' constitution and existence of the Legislature as
; such. .......
- "All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested irt
| a Congress of the United States, which shall constat of a
i Senate and House of Representatives."—Const., Art. 1,
Sec. 1.
The Supreme Court, speaking by Mr. Justice.,
Johnson, says this House has the power to pun-i
isli a third person for an assault, on one of the
members of the House in the streets—that the
power is granted, because it is included within tlit
grant of power to act as a Legislature. ;
The Constitution does not give the power ex-
! pressly, in so many words, buutimplies it. The
I d (Terence between express and implied, powers in
! the Constitution is not, as gentlemen assume it to
| be, the same as the difference between granted and,
I ungranted. That is not the distinction, sir. Tha
1 distinction between express and implied powers
; is, that the one is given in terms more general
concise, and brief than the other. That is all. A
man grants to his neighbor a piece of land. The
grant carries the power to go through the grantor's
other land to get at it, if it happens to be all
round the piece granted; not because the neighbor
: takes something ungranted, but because this is
i the fair meaning of the grant. A grant of lands
J carries the power to possess and occupy it free
\ from obstructions on the part of 'he grantor. It
is not expressed in so many words, but it is under-
, stood from looking at the face of the grant and its
' subject-matter. It is included in it._ It is notls-
suming an ungrnnted power, but it is simply giv-
ing a fair and full meaning to the terms of the
instrument. Gentlemen have argued for a great
1 number of years inthis Hall on the difference be-
tween express and implied powers, as thouga
there were some great mystery in regard 0 1 •
j But, pir, the only question, in a11 .C^L'
whether the power, by a fair interP"'f >
: instrument, is granted or not gran e .
! matter how particular, or bow concise, or brief,
the grant is, if it has the fair meaning of a grant
' of power. Mr. Cushing says.
«If m-iv be laid down as the first rule on this subject,
,hl, ,h^B«bfi.hraent, in general terms, of a legislative de-
is equivalent to an exprcu grant to eaeh branch
