1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
8lt
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Simmons.
Ho. of Reps.
composing it of all the powers and privileges which are
necessarily incident to a legislative assembly."—/Hd.
542,543.
But, says Judge Johnson,of South Carolina, in
the case of Anderson vs. Dunn:
" But if there is one maxim which necessarily rides over
all others, in the practical application of government, it is-
that the public functionaries must be left at liberty to ex,
ercise the powers which the people have intrusted to them-
The interests and dignity of those who created them require
the exertion of the powers indispensable to the attainment of
the end of their creation."
That case is to be found in 6 Wheaton, 226.
I have brought it out, because I like to have
authority coming from South Carolina, where we
might suppose Judge Johnson and Mr. McDuffie
were well known.
This doctrine, Mr. Speaker, is an old one,
dating as far back as the Continental Congress.
Air. LETCHER. What is the date of the
doctrine as stated in the book you are reading
from ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Seventeen hundred and
seventy-seven. In that case? the person, on
being dealt with by the Continental Congress,
did not appear before them to justify what gen-
tlemen now call a scuffle or a squabble. He
came in with his hat under his arm, and bowed
to the authority of the nation. [Laughter.] I
am aware of Mr. Jefferson's early error on this
point; and I say again that in my opinion no
great man has ever lived in the nation from whom
so much has to be deducted, and yet none in
whom so much good is left for the world after
making the deductions. But that he went off
into an error at that early day on this question
the judgment of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives from that time to this shows. Why,
sir, the absurdity of the proposition to require a
law to be enacted before the House can exercise
its power to punish disorderly behavior, is appa-
rent from the statement of the case. It would be
putting the effect before the cause. No Legisla-
ture is capable of prescribing rules and laws
anticipating all cases of disorderly behavior, the
nature of which it cannot foresee.
But, sir, the Senate as well &s this House, in
every case which I have been able to place my
hands upon—in every case I can remember, and
I can remember a good many years back—have
always decided in favor of this power of the
House and the Senate,and they have gone a good
deal further. They have decided that a crime
committed by a man at home—a crime which
would not necessarily be considered as such by
legal construction—anything which unfits a man
for being a membtr of the Senate—anything which
disgraces the man and the Senate, is a fit cause
for his expulsion. That is the established law
of the Senate now. The first case that occurred,
according to my recollection, was in 1795 or 1796.
A Senator from Kentucky was accused by the
Legislature, and by the supreme court of Ken-
tucky, as having committed perjury—as having
sworn falsely to an answer in chancery. The
Senate immediately took up the case, and held it
to be a matter within their jurisdiction, upon the
ground that the offense committed was one that
unfitted him for being a member of the Senate.
They agreed to discharge him, however, upon
the ground that although the Legislature of Ken-
tucky had sent a written complaint, and been
notified to furnish the proofs, they neglected to
furnish any in support of the charges made.
The next case was that of Mr. Blount, I believe,
a Senator from Tennessee. He was guilty of
tampering with, and endeavoring to seduce from
his duty, an agent of the United States among |
the Indians. Judge Story says that he committed ;
no infraction of the law. His crime did not con- j
stitutei a penal offense, but it was such as to render !
him, in the eyes of the Senate, an unfit repre- !
sentative to sit in that body, and he was expelled, '
only one member voting in the negative. Even
Virginia voted to expel him, though I wonder
she did not find it to be unconstitutional. FLaugh-
The next case we have is that of John Smith,
m 1807. He was a Senator from Ohio, and had
been connected with the Burr conspiracy, which,
by the way, nowadays would be regarded only {
as a small filibustering expedition for the relief
of an oppressed people, and for enlarging the I
New Series—No. 52.
area of freedom. [Great laughter.] Burr him-
self was tried in Virginia, and was discharged on
the ground that the offense was not committed
within that State. The offense had been com-
mitted in Ohio. The wonder is, that the prose-
cuting attorney did not discover that difficulty
before; he entered a nolle prosequi to the indict-
ment against Smith, but not on the ground of his
innocence.
But, sir, the Senate instituted an inquiry into
the facts in his case; and what did they do ? Mr.
John&uincy Adams,chairman of the committee,
sustained the power of thfe Senate, and advised
his expulsion; and the Senate voted, 19 to 10,
for the resolution. It was an able report, and if
I had the time I would read it. It is there as-
serted that the rules of evidence are different from
what they are in a court of law. In a court of
law it is considered better that nine criminals
should escape rather than one innocent man
should be found guilty. The Senate's committee
say that that is not the rule when either House
of Congress is engaged in trying a member for
disorderly behavior. The rule is, then, that it is
not better that nine traitors should occupy seats
in the Senate rather than one innocent man should
be temporarily banished from his seat. I think
the committee were right in their conclusion.
There is good sense in it.
I have notes of several other cases, but no time
to refer to them. In all, the ground is broadly
taken, that the Senate, or the House of Represent-
atives, has the power to expel a member for any
offense, committed here or elsewhere, which un-
fits him for membership. The question here is
in reference to a breach of privilege, and we have
all the power that is claimed. Gentlemen may
deny it, and resort to subtile and metaphysical
distinctions. We are not restricted to the sitting
of the House: the words of the Constitution are
not restrictive to that extent. We have the power,
the full power, to punish members for disorderly
behavior. Doubtless we should use our power
with humanity and justice, but we should use it.
I now go to the character of the offense, but
will not consume the time of the House with
going at length into the subject. I will only ask
whether there is any member here who is willing
for three hundred dollars to let another person
attack him unexpectedly, and beat him with in-
cessant blows with a cane on the head ? If there
be such I am sorry for him. But I cannot believe
there is any such here.
The writer to whom I referred a moment ago
says:
"All attacks upon the persons of the members, or officers
of the Legislative Assembly, whether by actual violence or
by threats, and all disorders in, near, or about, the place of
sitting, have been always deemed high breaches of privilege,
and punishable accordingly."
But it is contended that the power of the House
cannot be exercised until rules and laws are made,
defining the privileges and prescribing the penal-
ties for disorderly behavior, on the principle, that,
where there is no law, there is no transgression;
and that punishirig a member of the House for
assaulting a Senator, before making such rules
and laws, is to condemn a person for violating
rules and laws before they exist. Now, is this
so ? Is any new rule or law necessary to be made
before exercising the jurisdiction, and punishing
the offender, in this case ? This is certainly not
the doctrine of Mr. McDuffie, nor of the Supreme
Court in the case of Anderson vs. Dunn; for those
privileges, and the powers to protect them, have
to precede legislative action. So Judge Johnson,
of South Carolina, in the case of the United
States vs. Hudson and Goodwin, says:
" To fine for contempt, imprison for contumacy, enforce
the observance of order, Sic., are powers which cannot be
dispensed with in a court, because they are necessary to the
exercise of all others ; and so far, our courts no doubt pos-
sess powers not immediately derived from statute."
The old Congress of the Confederation, in a
resolution of June, 1777, on the occasion of one
of the members being challenged for words
spoken in debate—
"Resolved, That Congress have, and always had, author-
ity to protect their members from insult, for anything said
or done in Congress, in the exercise of their duty, which is
a privilege essential to the freedom of debate, and to the
faithful discharge of the great trust reposed in them by their
constituents."
The challenger was thereupon summoned to
appear before Congress to answer for his con-
duct; and, having appeared, and asked pardon of
the House and of the member challenged, he waa
discharged.
" This is a principle," as remarked by Judge
Johnson, of South Carolina, "by no means
| peculiar to the common law. It is coeval, prob-
ably, with the first formation of a limited gov-
ernment, and belongs to a system <tf universal law."
It is in the common law, as a part of it, wherever
that law extends; but it is also in the civil law,
wherever that is found.
| Mr. Jefferson admits the conditional power
of the House to take jurisdiction; but in his re-
marks at an early day before the question had
; been much considered, upon Duane s case for a
! libel on the Senate, and upon the case of Randall
1 and Whitney, who were convicted and punished
in the House of Representatives for bribery and
corruption, about the year 1795, lays down the
doctrine, that the Federal Government being one
' of limited power, neither House of Congress can
' exercise any powers but those which are clearly
delegated to them, and that, until they make a law
for the purpose under the provisions of the Constitur
tion which authorizes them to make all laws neces-
sary and proper for carrying into effect the powers
vested in them by the Constitution, neither House
has any authority to commit for a contempt.
Says Judge Cushing:
" Fifty years have elapsed since this doctrine was first
brought forward; but no la w has been passed, and the power
in question has been repeatedly exercised. The principle
stated by Mr. Jefferson seems to confound together two
things which are essentially different—the powers of a le-
gislative assembly, as such, and the subjects of legislation—
and to apply to the former an argument which only bears
on the latter."
The action of this House has been uniformly
exerted, ever since its first organization, in favor
of upholding its jurisdiction over its own mem-
j bers and others—such as reporters—enjoying the
j privileges of the House, for assaults and indigni-
: ties offered to persons outside of this Hall, if
employed by a coordinate department of the Gov-
ernment. Thus, in 1828, the House asserted its
power to call to account a reporter of the House,
for an assault committed in the rotunda by Russel
Jarvis upon John Adams, the President's private
secretary, who was retiring from this Hall, after
delivering a message from the President. To be
sure, Mr. P. P. Barbour and others, composing a
minority of the committee, were against the juris-
diction; but Mr. ■McDuffie, the chairman, from
South Carolina, and the majority of the committee,
adopted the established course of the House, and
reported in favor of the jurisdiction. Their report,
drawn up by the chairman, a gentleman admired
by all the world for his talents, contains this con-
clusive argument:
" Upon a view of all the circumstances, the committee
are of the opinion, that the assault committed by Mr. Jarvis
upon the private secretary of the President, whatever may
have been the causes of the provocation, was an act done
in contempt of the authority and dignity of this House,
involving not only a violation of its own peculiar privileges,
but of the immunity which it is bound upon every principle
to guaranty to the person selected by the President as the
organ of his official communications to Congress. It is of
the utmost importance that the official intercourse between
the President and the legislative department should not be
liable to interruption. The proceedings of Congress could
not be more effectually arrested by preventing the members
l of either House from going to the Hall of their deliberations,
1 than they might be by preventing the President from making
official communications essentially connected with the
legislation of the country."
And again:
"If the Representatives of the people have not the power
to punish an assault committed under these circumstances,
then are they destitute of a power which belongs to the most
inferior tribunal of the country. The power of punishing
for contempts is not peculiar to the common law of Eng-
land. It belongs essentially to every judicial tribunal and
every legislative body. The English law of contempts, as
such, has not surely the slightest authority in the Supreme
Court of the United States; yet the power of that court to
vindicate its dignity, and preserve its officers from outrage
during its session, will scarcely be questioned. In like
manner, though the parliamentary law of England, as such,
can have no authority here, yet all the legislative bodies in
the Union habitually act upon its rules. The power in
question grows out ot the great law of self-preservation. It
is, no doubt, very liable to abuse, and ought always to be
exercised with great moderation."
Thus we see that, if South Carolina has fbr-
nished the most prominent example of the viola-
tion of these privileges in the case now before us,
