1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
um
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to make
a report.
Mr. FLAGLER objected.
enlargement of custom-houses, etc.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the joint resolution (S,
Wo. 17) for enlarging the custom-house, post
office, and court-house at Milwaukee, Wiscon-
sin, and at Detroit, Michigan; and for the con-
struction of a building for the same purposes at
Dubuque, Iowa.
Mr. HOUSTON. I present a point of order in
regard to that joint resolution. The rules were
suspended yesterday to enable the Committee on
Commerce to report that bill. The report was
made. The action, under the suspension, was
incomplete; and I therefore make the point,
whether the resolution docs not go over to the
next suspension day—Monday next—when that
class of business is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
resolution is the business regularly in order this
morning, for the reason that the suspension of
the rules was complete. The point is involved
in the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. McMcllim,] and as yet un-
decided by the Chair.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 suggest to the Chair
whether, in fact, the suspension was complete,
for it will be recollected that the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] took an appeal from
the decision of the Chair, while I raised a point
of oider on the question of suspension, as not
being of the character indicated by the Chair,
neither of which was acted on at the adjourn-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The point raisedbf the gen-
tleman from South Carolina does not touch the
question of the suspension of the rules; it touches
chiefly the power of the Committee on Commerce
to make a report under certain circumstances.
The point of order raised by the gentleman from
Virginia is whether, under the rules of the House,
the resolution, as it makes an appropriation,
ought not to go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The ques-
tion of order of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina must be first disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The question of ordesof the
gentleman from Alabama, as it relates to priority
of business, is to be first considered. The Chair
decides that the rules were suspended, the bill re-
ceived, and that it is now properly before the
House.
The resolution was reported with an amend-
ment, and the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Oru] raises the question of order that it is
not competent for the Committee on Commerce
to report an amendment embracing other appro-
priations of a nature differing from those covered
by the bill itself. The Chair holds that the com-
mittee had the power to move the amendment, on
the ground that its provisions are of the same
general nature as those of the resolution. The
various propositions for custom-houses, &c.,
were referred by order of the House to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and that committee has the
power to report them singly or in one bill.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. If a committee
report a bill to give a pension .to a particular in-
dividual, woukfit be in order, under the rules of
the House, to amend that bill so as to give pen-
sions to various other individuals ( If we have
b.'fore us a bill for one custom-house, or post
office, is it in order to amend by adding similar
provision for every other place in the United
States at which cither or both may be desired ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The motion
to lav the appeal on the table is not debatable.
Tile SPEAKER. The cases stated by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, in the opinion of theChair,
are not analogous to the one pending. The Chair
will state this as the practice and precedent of the
House. It has been the practice at this session,
received and sustained by unanimous consent,
that when a committee asked for a clerk, the
motion could be amended so-as to provide clerks
for other committees. It has also been decided
that when a bill to grant land to States and Ter-
ritories, for railroad or other purposes, was up,
it was in order to amend by adding grants for
like purposes to other States or Territories In-
deed, the practice has gone as far as this: when
a proposition was before the House to establish
a government for a Territory, it has been decided
to be in order to amend by adding provisions
relative to the governments of other Territories.
Such is a precedent of the Thirty-First Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the Clerk
read the 55th rule.
The Clerk read the rule as follows:
" No motion or proposition, on a subject different from
that under consideration, shall l>e admitted under color of
amendment. No bill or resolution shall, at any lime, be
amended by annexing thereto, or incorporating therewith,
any other bill or resolution pending before the Hou e."
Mr. JONES. Now, Mr. Speaker, has the
building of a court-house at Galena, Illinois,
where a court of the United States never was held,
any relevancy to the construction of a similar
building at Dubuque, Iowa, or at Detroit, Mich-
igan ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no difficulty
in replying, that they relate to the same general
subject.
Mr. JONES. Same general subject ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, the same general sub-
ject.
Mr. JONES. One is entirely different from
the other, and the rules exclude the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The case proposed by the
gentleman from Tennessee does not reach the
point before the House. Propositions for cus-
tom-houses, &c., have been referred, by order of
the House, to the Committee on Commerce, and
the Chair is of the opinion, that the committee lias
the right to report in one bill the various propo-
sitions referred to it,
Mr. JONES. I do not wish either to embar-
rass the Speaker, or to consume the time of the
House; and I will submit only another consider-
ation, and then leave the subject. When the
rules have been suspended to enable a committee
to report a bill or joint resolution, is it in order to
move amendments for other and subjects entirely
different from the original provision ? Perhaps—
it is highly probable, I have no doubt—if it were
known that Galena and the other places stated
were to be embraced in the motion to suspend, the
motion to suspend the rules would have been
defeated. As it was, two votes have changed the
result. I venture the assertion, that if the amend-
ment. had been stated in connection with the
motion to suspend the rules, the motion would
have been voted down.
The SPEAKER. It was the privilege of any
gentleman to have the amendment read in con-
nection with the bill.
Mr. JONES. At the time we did not know that
there was an amendment. The rules were sus-
pended m order to bring in a bill for the enlarge-
ment of the custom-houses, post offices, &c., at
Dubuque, Milwaukee, and Detroit.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I stated
distinctly, at the time I made the motion to sus-
pend the rules, that the committee had authorized
mo to report an amendment creating additional
custom-houses.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated the ques-
tion on suspending the rules for the purpose of
allowing the Committee on Commerce to report
a bill with an amendment, and the House sus-
pended the rules. The bill was read, but no
member called for the reading of the amendment.
Tile Chair decides the amendment reported by
the Committee on Commerce to be in order.
From this decision the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] appeals, and the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washbckne] moves to lay the
appeal on the table.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburve's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative,
yeas 136, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Mcsm-s. Albright, Allen, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Henry Bcnneit, Bdison, Bitlnighun-t, Bhnrham, Bishop,
Blirfc, Bowie, BracK-haw, Bventon, Bioom, Buffmton, Janice
II. Campbell, Chalt'ee. Ezra Clark, dawson. Clingman,
Colfax, Conmis, (Jovode. Cratiiu, Crawford, Oullen, Cum-
back, Damiell, Henry Winter Davis, Dean, Dp Witt, Dick.
Dickson, Dodd, Duitec, F.ilie. Edwards, Emrie, Ethenilae,
Eustis. Evan--', Flagler, Ileziry M. Fniler, Galloway, Gid-
Gillieit. Giahger, Giecnwootl, Crow, Augustus Hall,
Robert B. Hall, llailan, T. Mornson Ilairis. Haven, Hoff-
man. Iloltowav, Tho'ii-i- R. Hnrton, \alcnfmc 1'. Ilorton.
Ituglu ton, Jeivett, lveisey, King, Knapp. Knight. Knowl-
ton, Knuv, Lake. Letter. Alexander It. Marsha!!, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Mattcsoii, MeCaitv. Mcacham, Kilhan
Millei. Milhvanl, Moure. Morgan. Morrill. Molt, Murray.
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Olivet, Packer, Parker, Peck,
Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pnnglc,
Purviaiiee, Puryeai, Ready, Kicauil, Ritchie, Itiver'j, Koh-
bms, Roberts, Robison, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Seward,
Sherman, Simmons, Sneed, Spinner, Stranahan, Sivope,
Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Trippe,
Tyson, Vail, Valk, Wade, Walbridge, Wabiron, Cadwafa-
der C. Waahburne, Elhhu B. Washburiie, Israel Wash-
bum, WTatkins, Welch, Wells, Williams, Woodruff. Wood-
worth, and Zollicoffer—136.
NAYjS'—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Hendley S. Bennett, „
Branch, Brooks, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Caskie, Howe it
Cobb, Williamson K. W. Cobb, Cox, Craigc, Denver,
Dowdell, Edmundsoil, English, Faulkner, Goode, Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hickman, Houston, George
W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Max-
well, MeMultiil, McQueen, Smith Miller, Miilson, Oir,
Powell, Quitman, ituliiii, Rust, Sandidge, Shorter, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Stewart, Talbott, Warner,
Wheeler, Winslow, Daniel B. Wi ight, and John V. Wright
—49.
So the appeal was laid on the table, andtho
decision of the Chair was sustained as the judg-
ment of the House.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. THOR.INGTON said: Mr. Davidson and
myself have paired off for the remainder of this
week, neither of us to vote on any political or sec-
tional question until after that time. Either, when
present, if he thinks proper, to vote on any local
question concerning the interests of his district
or the people thereof. The question now before
the House being one of those excepted cases, I
feel at liberty to vote. I therefore vote on this
question—ay.
Mr. BOYCE stated he had paired off" with Mr.
Burlingame.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that he should decline
to vote on the question, as he had declined to vote
yesterday, for the reason that he had paired off"
with Mr. Ktokel until to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBUR.NE, of Illinois. I now de-
mand the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. MuMuilw] desired to raise ft ques-
tion of order, and the Chair thinks it proper that
he should have an opportunity to raise it. It
will bo competent, however, for the gentleman
to raise it after the decision of the House on the
call for the previous question.
Mr. McMULLIN. But I do not want the
previous question to be sprung upon me at this
particular stage.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I suppose, as the de-
mand for the previous question was first made, it
must be acted on.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lias stated to the
gentleman from Virginia, that the question on
the point of order raised by him should be first
submitted to the House, and the Chair thinks it
is proper for the gentleman from Virginia to make
it now. The gentleman raises the question of
order, that the rules of the House have not been
suspended, so as to preclude the necessary refer-
ence of the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, under the rules. Tho
Chair overrules the point of order, on the ground
that tho rules of the House were suspended to
enable the Committee on Commerce to report tho
bill, and with a view to its being considered at
the present time—at the session of yesterday;
and though it may be competent for the House to
send the bill to the Committee of the Whole, it
does not go there under the rules, the rules having
been suspended.
Mr. McMULLIN. I certainly shall not tres-
pass upon the time of the House. My object is
to see that the rules are strictly adhered to; and
I will only call the attention of the House to-day
to the position to which I called its attention yes-
terday, to wit: That the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wasiiburxl] asked a suspension of tho
rules to enable him to report from the Committee
on Commerce a Senate bill, with an amendment,
and the gentleman said that his object was to have
the bill considered at that time. Now, as was
remaiked by the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] yesterday, I hold that it was wholly
incompetent for the gentleman from Illinois to
ask a suspension of the rules of the House for
two specific purposes at the same time, to wit:
first, that the bill should be received by the House;
and secondly, that, when received, it should be
put upon its passage in defiance of the express
rule of the House which requires that it, as well
as all other appropriation bills, shall go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and tlieie be considered
