1558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Mr. Speaker, I desire to call your attention to
a farther view of the question. If it was com-
petent for the gentleman from Illinois to move a
general suspension of the rules for a double pur-
pose's he states he did, it would have been
equally competent for the Chair to have enter-
tained a motion not only for the first purpose of
receiving the bill, and the second purpose of put-
*ting it upon its passage, but for the third purpose
of dispensing with the hour rule, anfl for the
fourth purpose, that a motion should not be made
to lay the bill on the table. If the Chair could
entertain the double motion of the gentleman from
Illinois, the Chair could have entertained a mo-
tion to suspend all the rules, so as to relieve the
bill from all the motions liable to be submitted in
reference to it when in possession of the House.
When the bill is before the House, it is compe-
tent, under the rules of the House, to move to
lay it on the table; and the same rules provido
that no member shall speak for more than an
hour. Now, I submit to the Chair, whether, if
he could entertain the motion of the gentleman
from Illinois to suspend the rules for a double
purpose, he could not have entertained a motion
to suspend the rules for four or five different pur-
poses, so as to dispense with all the motions
■which could be submitted in the House with ref-
erence to the bill ?
But I object to this proceeding for a still further
reason. Whether it was so designed by the gen-
tleman from Illinois or not, it was evidently cal-
culated to deceive, mislead, and impose upon the
House. How, sir? Here was a Senate bill re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, having
for its object appropriations to complete the cus-
tom-houses, post offices, and court-houses, at
three differentpoints. The committee, in thecon-
sideration of those specific propositions, come
forward here with an aniendment to create new
post offices, custom-houses, and court-houses, at
some five or six or more different places, at one
of which, my colleague [Mr. Letcher] says,
there is no court now held by law, and it happens
to be at a place in the district of the gentleman
from Illinois.
Now, sir, I submit the t[uestion to the House,
ay, I submit it to the justice and candor of that
member himself, whether, if that amendment had
been first read to the House, the House would
have suspended the rules for the purpose of letting
in such an extraordinary omnibus proposition?
I submit the question to the candor and honesty
of every member here.
I said yesterday, Mr. Speaker, that the amend-
ment was smuggled into the House. I meant
nothing offensive by it then, and I mean nothing
offensive now. But I repeat I was imposed upon.
I did not know—and I undertake to say that there
are not a dozen gentlemen here who did know—
the provisions and features of that aniendment
when the House voted to suspend the rules.
" Fair play is a jewel!"
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to defeat the
bill by any improper means, but I mean to say
that, m my humble judgment, if the facts had been
known yesterday, the House would not have
suspended the rules. But, sir, I will not argue
this question further. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not wish
to take up the time of the House with this mat-
ter. I will simply move to lay the appeal of the
gentleman from Virginia upon the table.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw that motion. It is crowding the House a
little too much to cut off all debate, not only on
the point of order, but upon the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman from
Virginia argued the question, but I did not take
up any of the time of the Hcuse in replying to
him.
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays.
The yeaa and nays were not ordered.
The question "was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the appeal from the decision of the Chair
was laid on the table, and the decision of the
Chair sustained as the judgment of the House.
Mr. WASHBURN#, of Illinois. I now move
the previous question.
Mr. MAXWELL, I request the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw the motion for the pre-
vious question, that I may submit an amendment
to the amendment which he proposed to the Sen-
ate bill. Under the ruling of the Chair, I hold
that my amendment will be perfectly germane.
Mr. WASHBURNE declined to withdraw the
motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The main question has not been
ordered on this bill?
The SPEAKER. It has not been ordered.
Mr. JONES. Then I ask the Speaker this
question: There was no motion pending yester-
day to refer the bill to any committee; how, then,
does the bill come up this morning? A suspension
of the rules to enable the gentleman from Illinois
to report the bill to the House would give it no
advantage whatever over a report made, if that
committee had been called by the Chair, and had
regularly reported the bill. If the Committee on
Commerce had been called upon yesterday, and
had regularly reported that bill with its amend-
ment, and no motion had been made to commit,
and the main question had not been ordered, and
the House had adjourned, (as in this case,) the
bill would have gone to the Speaker's table. Now,
I want to know how it got here this morning?
The SPEAKER. The Chair entirely concurs
in opinion with thegentleman fromTennessee,but
there is this difference between the case supposed
by him and that stated by the Chair; that the
rules of the House were suspended to enable the
gentleman from Illinois to report the bill for its
consideration at that time. The Clerk will read
the motion as recorded on the Journal.
Mr. JONES. Yes, butthatgives it no advant-
age over what it would have had if the committee
had been regularly called, and had reported it.
The Clerk read from the Journal, as follows:
"Mr. Eluhu B. \V\shburne moved that the rules be
suspended so as toenablelnm toicport fioin the Committee
on Commerce the lesotution of the Seriate (No. 17) for
enlaigingthc eu tom-)iouso, post office, and court-house at
Milwaukee, Wisconsin, arid at Dotioit, Michigan; and for
the construction ot a building lor the same purposes at Du-
buque, Iowa, with an amendment; and to enable the House
to consider the same, together with the «;ud amendment."
Mr. JONES. That, sir, can give the bill no
sort of advantage.
The SPEAKER- The rules of the House be-
ing suspended, so that the bill could be reported
from the committee, and considered at that time,
the bill continues under suspension of the rules
until disposed of. The House acted on the same
principle through the whole session of last week.
Mr.'JONES. Then the Chair decides against
the question which I have submitted?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
rules of the House having been suspended so as
that this bill might be considered in the session
of yesterday, the bill continues under suspension
of the rules until disposed of.
Mr. JONES. 1 appeal from that decision of
the Chair, although 1 am quite confident that I
will be overruled.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the appeal on the tabic.
Mr. JONES. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will the Speaker state in
what condition the bill was yesterday evening ?
Was the previous question ordered yesterday?
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
not ordered yesterday, nor was it called. The
House adjourned on the question of order raised
as to the point whether the bill was propeily
reported, and whether, under the rules of the
House, the bill did not go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union?
Mr. STEPHENS. Theye was no motionpend-
ins: to commit the bill?
_ The SPEAKER. There was no motion pend-
ing. The rules were suspended, that the House
might consider the bill at that time. All the rules
which precluded the consideration were sus-
pended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McMullin,
and Clark of Connecticut, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-seven, noes not counted.
So (more than one fifth of the members present
having voted in favor thereof) the yeas and nays
were ordered.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I am not certain whether
I understand the point, and I ask for information,
as we are going to take the yeas and nays. Let
me see if I know what we are voting about. The
gentleman from Illinois moved to suspend the
rules to enable him to report this bill,-and also to
suspend so much of the rules as require bills
making appropriations to go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. That is
substantially what his motion was. The object
of the motion, therefore, wasto enable the House
to consider it at that time—in the first place to get
it in out of order, and then to enable the House
to consider it. That placed it, I take it, in the
position of a bill regularly reported from a com-
mittee, containing no appropriation which would
require it to go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. It seems to me that
the suspension of the rules docs not guard the bill
from going to the Speaker's table, or from any
other contingency. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that the bill, in consequence of the rules
being suspended, does not go to the Speaker's
table ?
The SPEAKER. For the reason that the
rules of the House were suspended in order that
the House should consider the bill, the Chair is
of opinion that the bill retains its place. It is
not in the position of a bill reported from a com-
mittee, having no appropriation, because, even
in the session of yesterday, the Chair ruled, in
two instances, that it could not be interrupted by
questions of higher privilege. The Journal of
the House states that the rules of the House were
suspended that the resolution should be consid-
ered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no right to ar^ue
the question. I merely want to know the point.
message from the president.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
ster, his Private Secretary.
Also, a message informing the House that he
had approved and signed bills, and a joint resolu-
tion, of the following titles:
An act to explain the act approved 12th April,
1854, entitled An act to establish two additional
land districts in the Territory of Minnesota;"
An act to establish two additional land districts
in the Territory of Minnesota;
An act authorizing the President of the United
States to cause the southern boundary line of
Kansas Territory to be surveyed;
An act to change the times of holding the
United States courts in Tennessee;
An act authorizing a settlement of the accounts
of Charles P. Babcock, late Indian agent at
Detroit, in the State of Michigan;
An act granting to certain citizens of the State
of Missouri the right to enter certain lands in the
Plattsburg district, in said State; and a
Joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Interior to settle the accounts of Oliver M.
Wozencraft.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, notifying
the House that it had passed resolutions and acts
of the following titles; in which he was instructed
to ask the concurrence of the House:
A resolution (S. No. 26) providing for further
mail service between Charleston, in the State of
South Carolina, and Havana;
A resolution (S. No. 27) to authorize the Sec-
retary of State and the Secretary of the Interior
to settle the claim of William Carey Jones for
certain services;
An act (S. No. 300) granting a pension to
Mary A. M. Jones; and
An act (S. No. 309) for the relief of Brevet
Brigadier General John B. Walbach, of the
United States Army.
The Secretary also presented three several mes-
sages from the Senate, to the effect that the Presi-
dent of the United States having returned to the
Senate, with his objections thereto, the bills num-
bered 14,1, and 2,entitled,respectively, " An act
to remove obstructions to navigation in the mouth
of the Mississippi river, at the Southwest Pass
and Pass a l'Outre;" " An act making an appro-
priation for deepening the channel over the St.
Clair flats.in the State of Michiganand "An act
making an appropriation for deepening the chan-
nel over the flats of the St. Mary's river, in the
State of Michigan;" the Senate had proceeded to
