822
appendix to the congressional globe.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Etheridge.
[July 12,
Ho. op Heps.
occurrence, the gentleman from Ohio introduced
into this House a resolution with a preamble de-
claring that an assault had been committed upon
Senator Scmner by the gentleman from South
Carolina and " other members," carrying out the
same idea of a conspiracy. When the examina-
tion was made, there appeared nothing in the
conduct of my colleague to condemn; but it was
necessary to carry out the idea of a conspiracy,
and therefore he must be censured.
But, sir, the gentleman upon whom this cen-
sure is sought to be cast may well look with
fcorn upon your impotent malice. This House
cannot hurt nim. In the State in which he and
1 have cast our lots, or in which they were cast
by nature, I tell you that many generous hearts
beat with admiration and love for him. His
friends—and their name is legion—stand ready
to sustain him against your threatened injustice.
You seek to tarnish his escutcheon—many
friendly hands are already stretched out to wipe
off the stain. You seek to inflict upon him a
wound—thousands of warm hearts are gathering
round him to pour in the balm 6f sympathy.
You seek to crush such a man—you do but build
him up. Heis known here,and everywhere, asa
man whose merits are only equaled b y his modesty.
Though he has sat silently nere, session after ses-
sion, and permitted the honors of debate, and
even of leadership, to be borne off by his infe-
riors, he is known to be a man of high gifts. And
for noble generosity, for high magnanimity, for
chivalrous courage, for all the qualities that con-
stitute the man and the gentleman, I will not
say that he has not equals, but 1 will say that he
has no superiors. I feel that 1 have pronounced
the judgment of this House, and of this country,
and all your censure can never change it. No,
sir. If under such circumstances, upon such a
pretext, and with such color of authority, this
House shall pass a censure upon Henry A.
Edmtodson, it will but bring its own action into
ridicule, and its own authority into contempt.
ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNEB.
SPEECH OF HON. E. ETHERIDGE,
or tennessee,
In the House of Representatives ,
July 12, 1856.
The House having under consideration the report of the
committee on the alleged assault of Hon. Prestos S.
Brooks on Hon. Charles Sumner, or the Senate:.
Mr. ETHERIDGE said:
Mr. Speaker: I do not desire, to consume un-
necessarily the time of the House. I shall be
brief in what I wish to say. I do not propose to
consider all the questions which have been raised,
and which have been so fully discussed by others.
The range of debate has been very wide, and the
points raised in the argument Yery numerous—so
much so, that I cannot do more than advert very
briefly to some few of them. First, we have
those who advocate or defend the efficacy of the
bludgeon; others, who, professing to be lawyers,
insist that the House has no jurisdiction over the
case; and others again, who will be satisfied with
nothing less than a sentence of expulsion. Upon
1 kt ^rSt t^ese ProiPositions> I think I shall be
able, in view of an arrangement I have made, to
gi ve great satisfaction to that portion of my con-
stituents who, for the last two years, have pro-
fessed to be so sorely exercised about what they
have been pleased to call my "unsoundness
upon the slavery question. They are few in num-
ber, I admit, but they will doubtless be delighted
to know, that, upon this occasion, I am very
much for the South, in proof of which I point
them to the fact that I have " paired off" with
two northern gentlemen; I allude to the member
from Ohio, [Mr. Leiter,"] and the member from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Edie,] who will aggregate
not less than five hundred pounds, avoirdupois.
Should a general free fight occur here, I can neu-
tralize these gentlemen by simply commanding
them to '' keep the peace." [Laughter.] If any
southern gentleman can show a better arrange-
ment for his section than I have made, I should
like to know it. I see gentlemen laugh; it is a
 ood symptom. I have read somewhere—and I
have seen it copied in the National Intelligencer—
" Blessed are the peace-makers." We are now
in rather bad temper, and we need the kind offices
of the peace-maker. I know, Jiowever, that
nothing I may ray in regard to this benevolent
class of persons will be regarded by any gentle-
man here as " personal," or call him up to an
" explanation."
The case before us has excited a high degree
of interest throughout the country—less from the
facts of the unfortunate transaction, than because
of its supposed connection with other matters,
about which the public mind has been highly
excited for the last two years. But we should
derive consolation from the reflection that this is
not the first time we have had intense party and
sectional feeling aroused. The debates in Con-
gress during the last ten or fifteen years, will
show that, in the opinions of many public men,
we have been all tne while on the verge of dis-
ruption—that some particular section was sorely
oppressed, and the public liberty in danger.
" The end is not yet," however, and I still have
faith in the good fortunes of my country. When-
ever it shall appear that there is danger to our
institutions, the people, the real people, who are
attached to the Government for its blessings, and
who have an interest in its preservation, will be
found both able and willing to preserve and take
care of it. All will yet be well, in spite of those
who too soon despair, or recklessly peril our in-
ternal peace.
The case is this: A member is arraigned for
alleged improper conduct. Some have character-
ized it as a mere " chunk of a fight;" others as
an assault and battery; while not a few have
spoken of it as a " murderous attack upon a Sen-
ator," and a " blow at the freedom of speech."
The report of the majority of the committee have
declared the assault of the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Brooks] upon Senator Sumner to
have been " not only a breach of the privileges
of the Senator assailed, and that of the Senate
and House, as declared by the Constitution, but
as an act of disorderly behavior." They have
therefore reported the following:
" Resolved, That Presto* S. Brooks be, and he is forth-,
with, expelled from this House as a Representative from the'
State of South Carolina."
The minority of the committee have reported
upon the facts, and recommended the adoption
; of this resolution:
I *' Resolved, That this House has no jurisdiction over the
assault alleged to have been committed by the Hon. Pres-
ton S. Brooks, a member of this House from the State of
South Carolina, upon the Hon. Charles Sumner, a Sen-
ator from the State of Massachusetts; and therefore deem
it improper to express any opinion on the subject."
The majority of the committee have also re-
ported a resolution censuring Messrs. Keitt and
Edmcndson.  
As, from present appearances, I shall be almost
alone from the South, in the vote I shall give
upon the question of jurisdiction, 1 shall speak
to the report of the minority and the resolution
recommended by that report, and which asserts
that the House has " no jurisdiction." This,
sir, is purely a legal question, one which law-
yers _ ought to be mast competent to decide.
Vet, in determining? this question, members from
the South are rallying in a body to one legal con-
clusion, while the members from the free States
are concentrating with like unanimity in the
other direction, as if there was anything in cli-
mate, latitude, or longitude, which ought to con-
trol the judgment of a lawyer in determining a
legal question. Is it possible that all the wisdom
is in one section, and all the madness and folly
in the other? Sir, the very appearance of things
in this Hall, the almost undivided front which
each section presents at a time when we are
attempting to arrive at a correct legal determina-
tion, should make us distrustful. I have seen
the passions of individuals aroused to madness,
the prejudices of parties and sections inflamed,
until madness would seem to rule the hour.
In cases of this kind, if considered with refer-
ence to individuals or parties, the line of duty
for a good man is not often found in yielding to
the extreme opinions of either side. The path
of wisdom, of safety, and of right, is not often
ttrictly followed by those who feel, too strongly,
'he pressure of sectional or party demands. I
pl' s'r> jt is so now. We partake somewhat
of the excitement which prevailed here at the
time of the occurrence, tt unfortunately per-
vades the country now, and has been increased,
in both sections of the country, by means I
regard as reprehensible.
I have heard most of the speeches made during
the last four days. I find, as I before remarked,
the South and the North arrayed against each
other. Every southern member has denied the
jurisdiction of* the House. Every northern
speaker has asserted it. I dislike to differ with
members from my own section of the Confeder-
acy; but, in my judgment, they are misled by
the minority report, and I cannot vote with them.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Botce]
I who has just spoken, devoted his whole argument
to a denial of our jurisdiction. To his reasoning
and his conclusions I cannot subscribe. His col-
league, [Mr. Brooks,] I am sure, does not desire
to rest his defense upon a legal technicality, and
I shall not place it there.
The South has long ago taken its position upon
j the point of power; its record is made up upon
the question of jurisdiction. Upon that record
. our own section, our predecessors, are fully com-
! mitted. Our most eminent living statesmen have
asserted and exercised power similar, in most
, respects, to that which I now claim for this body.
It was exercised against northern men, and I pro-
test now against a change of our position, when
the same power is sought to be used against a
fsntleman from the South. Itis not the first time
have had to protest against an abandonment of
that to which my own section stood committed.
Two years ago I resisted the favorite measure of
this Administration—the repeal of the Missouri
compromise. It was the beginning of all our
present troubles. The case before the House is a
sequel to it. History, I think, has already vin-
dicated the wisdom of my conduct, and i now
feel anything but regret at the course I then pur-
sued.
I know it has become the fashion of late, with
a certain class of public men, to attach but little,
if any, importance to precedents, whether legis-
lative or judicial; laws, however old, precedents,
however numerous and well considered, if in
the way of the opinions of gentlemen, are dis-
j posed of by the general allegation that they are
" not binding," or, as is most generally the case,
! "unconstitutional." The latter charge is re-
! garded by some as perfectly conclusive in almost
1 every variety of case — everything, almost, of
, late, is set down as " unconstitutional." I once
heard an argument between a Whig and a Dem-
ocrat, as to the propriety of a measure before
Congress. The Whig seemed to have the better
of the argument, when the Democrat, with &
complacent smile playing upon his face,as though
he had made some new discovery, said: "See
here, it is unconstitutional." " Oh, no," replied
the Whig, "the constitutionality of the measure
has been expressly determined by the Supreme
Court of the United States." " It cannot be pos-
sible," said the Democrat. " It is certainly so,"
replied the Whig. " But what if it did so decide?"
said the Democrat, rather indignantly, "does not
everybody know the Supreme Court itself ii uncon-
stitutional 7" [Laughter.]
Now, if I were to pile precedent upon prece-
dent, and decision upon decision, some gentleman
would coolly tell you: " Oh! precedents do not
amount to anything—they bind no one besides
those who made them." I live in a State where
precedents and judicial decisions are highly re-
| garded—where the people are taught the neces-
sity of sustaining them. Here, it would appear
that nothing is settled, unless it be that every
thing is unsettled. If precedents or judicial de-
cisions are wrong, or prove oppressive to the
rights or liberties of the people, they know the
ballot-box is the place to apply the remedy, ana
they will apply it whenever a proper case occurs.
Many of the people of the State from whichl
come will remember the exciting times of 1832
and 1833, when the danger of a collision between
South Carolina and the Federal Government was
imminent. I do not mention this to criticise the
causes which produced the troubles of that day,
but to show how the people of that State were
