1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
82a
34th Cong—1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Etheridge.
Ho. of Reps.
at this perilous juncture in our history. Public
meetings were held all over the State to consider
the condition of public affairs, and to give ex-
pression to the sentiment of the people. I now
remember two of those meetings—one of -which
was called at Nashville, and the other at Colum-
bia—both convened at the instance of the most
reputable men of the State. Over the first, Gov-
ernor Carroll, well known to fame, presided; the
secretary of the other was A. O. P. Nicholson,
Esq., thepresenteditorof the Washington Union,
the recognized organ of the Administration which
is soon to close. At each of these meetings strong
resolutions were passed, approving the conduct
of President Jackson, and declaring, among other
things—
" That nil acts passed by the requisite majority of Con-
gress, and approved by the President, do thereby become
the laws of the land, and that the only mode of testing
their validity known to the Constitution of the United
States, is by a decision of the Federal Judiciary, and if they
are there decided to be constitutional, it becomes the duty
of the Government to see that they be faithfully executed,
peaceably if it can, but forcibly if it must: and that every
attempt by an organized force to resist their execution will
be treason."
I know this resolution has no apparent relevancy
to the question before the House, yet the present
times are suggestive of contingencies, in which
the sentiments it breathes may be properly con-
sidered.
' Notwithstanding numerous precedents maybe
cited, (and I shall nereafter refer to some of them
in support of the jurisdiction of the House,) the
minority report disposes of the whole of them in
this summary way. . They say :
" Although we have been unable to acquiesce in the prin-
ciples of all the precedents which are to be found In the
history of Congress, yet we find it unnecessary, in the con-
sideration of this branch of the subject, to assail any of
those precedents, as none have gone to the extent now
claimed—of one House assuming jurisdiction over the priv-
ileges of the other, for the purpose of affording protection
to them."
The majority of the committee also declined to
look into the precedents. They say they did not
deem it necessary, as they regarded the question
of privilege as being settled by the raising of the
committee by the House. Then, sir, neither
from the majority or minority report can we get
any information as to the past action of Congress
in cases of this kind, and each member is left
to pursue the investigation for himself. If the"
minority report, submitted by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] is right—if his rea-
soning is correct and the conclusion to which he
arrives, the law qf the ease, then I do not hesitate
to say, that the past action of both Houses of
Congress, in cases which I regard as not differ-
ent m principle from the present one, has been
to override the Constitution. I desire to refer
southern gentlemen, who deny the power of the
House, to the action of this body virithin the last
few years, in two cases which obtained notoriety
at the time. I allude to the cases of Mr. Adams,
of Massachusetts, and the senior gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.]
On the 25th of January, 1842, Mr. John Q.uincy
Adams presented a " petition to dissolve the
Union.'_ It was signed by fifty persons. As
aoon as it was read, Mr. Holmes said:
" This is a petition for the dissolution of tfee Union."
To this remark, Mr. Adams replied:
"I move its reference to a select committee, with In-
structions to report an answer to the petitioners, showing
the reasons why the prayer of it ought hot to be granted."
I cite this case to meet the argument of the
fen tie man from South Carolina, [Mr. Botc*.]
_ le—followingup the minority report—is of opin-
ion that no offense can be committed outside of
the House, of which it would have jurisdiction,
Until that offense is defined by some rule of the
House, and a penalty imposed for its violation.
The minority, in their report, say:
"The admission of such a right would constitute either
House of Congress a legislative, judicial, and an executive
power combined; having the power of a Legislature to pass
the law, the power of a judge to expound it, and the power
to execute it. A more perfect despotism never has and
never can exist than—if such be the fact—does exist in
either branch of Congress.
"Tu° appreciate properly the enormity of this power, and
the abuse to which Us exereige might lead, it is only neces-
sary to add, that from the veiy nature of the case, this law,
inus made, and thus enforoed, ti an exportfacto law, direct-
ly violative of the letter of the Constitution, and repugnant
tothe whole spirit of our American institutions.''
Now, if offenses must first be defined by rules
of the House, and penalties attached for their
violation, I ask what rule of the House did Mr.
Adams violatej when he presented this petition?
It was never alleged that his " behavior" was
"disorderly;" nor did he make any offensive
remark at the time he offered the petition. The
only restriction which the rules of the House then
imposed upon the right of petition was the cel-
ebrated 21st rule, which prohibited the reception
of petitions, memorials, and resolutions, "pray-
ing the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia, or any State or Territory, or the slave
trade between the States or Territories of the
United States." Mr. Adams did not violate this
rule. We all know Mr. Adams was a sort of
monomaniac en the right of petition; and I have
heard it said that, on one occasion, he submitted
a petition from some slaves in Virginia, asking
for his own expulsion from the House.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will correct the gentleman,
as to a historical fact, if he will allow me.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Certainly. If wrong, I
shall be glad to be corrected.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I only wish to say, as a
matter of history, that Mr. Adams presented no
such petition. He only asked the Speaker
whether it would be in order to present it?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I stand corrected. I was
not here at the time, though, I have no doubt, I
ought to have been. {Great laughter.]
Immediately after Mr. Adams had presented
the petition to which I first referred, Mr. Gil-
mer, of Virginia—I ana glad he was from Vir-
ginia, for my Democratic friends from that State
are always sound upon the Constitution, "as
they understand it, familiar with the resolu-
tions of 1798, and well acquainted with the secret
debates—Mr. Gilmer, I say, offered a resolution
censuring Mr. Adams. It is very modest in its
terms. Virginia statesmen are always modest.
[Laughter.] Here is the whole of it:
"Resolved, That in presenting to the consideration of this
House a petition for the dissolution of the Union, the mem-
ber from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] has justly incurred the
censure of this House.''
Mr. Marshall, of Kentucky, moved as a sub-
stitute, resolutions of censure, which were pre-
faced by a preamble, which Mr. Adams declared
amounted to a charge of treason and subornation
of perjury. These resolutions were debated for
fourteen days. Mr. "Wise, of Virginia, spoke for
several hours, hurling at Mr. Adams one of those
terrible philippics for which he has been some-
what distinguished, and which,perhaps, no other
man, under the same circumstances, could have
withstood so well as Mr. Adams. Finally, after
the patience of the whole country had been ex-
hausted, the whole subject was laid on the table
by a vote of 106 yeas to 93 nays; almost the entire
North voting in the affirmative, and the South,
with but very few exceptions, voting in the nega-
tive, thereby asserting the jurisdiction of this
House, and a desire to inflict its judgment of cen-
sure. The resolution declared that Mr. Adams
merited expulsion, and censure was sought to be
inflicted as an act of" grace and mercy."
It will be perceived, sir, that the action of the
House, in the case of Mr. Adams, was based upon
the opinion that, in presenting a petition which
breathed disloyalty to the Union, he was guilty
of all offense which degraded him in the estima-
tion of his associates, and rendered him the sub-
ject of just reprehension. Itwas not then denied
that the House could expel or censure a member
who was regarded as personally offensive, and
whose presence it did not desire.
This case of Mr. Adams discloses another fact,
that he rested his defense upon similar grounds
to those on which the minority of the committee
rely when denying the jurisdiction of the House
in the present case. The minority have pointed
to the fifth amendment of the Constitution, as
conclusively denying our power or jurisdiction.
That amendment declares:
" No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or oth-
erwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indict-
ment of a grand jury, except in cases arising in the land or
naval forces, or m the militia, when in actual service in
time of war or public danger; nor shall any person be sub-
ject for the same offense to be twice put in jeopardy of life
or limb, nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to Ira a J
witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or
property, without due process of iiw." I
Mr. Adams, when ©a trial before the House,
rested his defense upon a denial of the jurisdic-
tion of this body. The point now raised by the
minority report is not new. I read from the
Congressional Globe, vol. 2, part 1, second ses-
sion Twenty-Seventh Congress, p. 180:
'< The Speaker gave the floor to Mr. Underwood; but Mr.
11 Adams rose and demanded the benefits of the sixth article of
j the amendments to the Constitution of the United States,
! which said article is in the following words:
'"In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy
the right to a speedy and public trial by an impartial jury
of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been
committed, which district shall have been previously ascer-
1 [ taincd by law; and to be informed of the nature and cause
1 of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses
against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining wit-
nesses in his favor, and to have the assistance of counsel
for his defense.'
" And Mr. Adams desired that the motion might be entered
on the Journal."
Here we find, sir, that Mr. Adams rested his
defense upon a denial of power and jurisdiction;
yet I am not aware that any member of that Con-
gress coincided with him in opinion, while almost
every member from the South voted against lay-
ing the resolution of censure upon the table.
Among the negative votes, the names of the fol-
lowing from Tennessee are to be found : Jlaron
V. Brown, Milton Brown, William B. Campbell,
Caruthers, Gentry, Turney, Watterson, and C. H.
Williams.
The session of 1841-'42, seems to have been
prolific in matters of this kind. It was during
this session that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Giddings]- got himself into a similar difficulty.
It was & most unfortunate one for the country
in many respects, the chief of which was, that
the affair was so managed as to make the old
political sinner a " fixture " in this body, I fear,
for life. [Laughter.] The House adopted a res-
olution of censure. He felt that he was a mar-
tyr. He then became indignant, and resigned
his commission, which enabled him to unite the
qualities of martyr and hero. The result of it
all has been, that his constituents have ever since
retained him here for the inspection of the curi-
ous and inquisitive. [Laughter.] I predict, sir,
that Mr. Sumner, who is regarded by the people
of Massachusetts as a sort of martyr to the cause
of human liberty, will be long retained in the
Senate, and that the gentleman from South Car-
olina [Mr. Brooks] will be also a member of that
body, and successor to his venerable relative,
whose name has been identified with this unfor-
tunate affair. Each of those gentlemen will be
the e^dners, politically, by the occurrence. Be-
yond this, nothing else will result from it, except
the temporary political capital which is being
manufactured for the Presidential campaign.
Fighting, however reprehensible, is never con-
sidered dishonorable, especially if one gets the
best of it. The sympathies of the world are
always with him who comes off "first best."
Let two gentlemen go out in the presence of a
crowd to test their manhood, or settle a difficulty,
by " a fair free fight," and you will always find
everybody crowding around and congratulating
the fellow who chances to be victorious. The
poor devil who has to cry "enough!" is often
left without a friend to "hold a pan for him."
[Great laughter.] Sir, I speak the truth; and
we are dignifying this affair without a corre-
sponding benefit to the country.
I must return to the case of tne gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Gtddincs.] On the 21st of March,
1842, he presented a series of resolutions, some
of which related to the mutiny of slaves on the
brig Creole. The reading of the resolutions pro-
duced much excitement in the House at the time,
and Mr. Giddings withdrew them. It was said
that the resolutions justified mutiny and murder;
and Mr. Botts, to test the sense of the House,
submitted the following:
" Resolved, That this House holds the conduct of the said
member as altogether unwarranted and unwarrantable, and
deserving the severe condemnation of the people of this
country, and Of this body in particular."
This affair led to a debate quite as violent)
though less protracted than that which attended
the trial of Mr. Adams. On the next day the
vote was takes and the resolution adopted—yeas
125, nays 69—every southern member but Mr.
Underwood, of Kentucky, I believe, voting in the
affirmative. Now, sir, I should be pleased if
