1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1559
consider such bills respectively , and had resolved
that they do each pass, two thirds of the Senate
agreeing thereto.
ENLARGEMENT OF CUSTOM-HOUSES, ETC.,
RESUMED.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburne's
motion; and decided in the affirmative—yeas 120,
nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Blisa,
Bowie, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, James H.
Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, dawson,
Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cullen, Cumback, Dam-
rell, Henry Winter Davis, Dean, Denver, De Witt, Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Edwards, Emrie, Ethendge, Eustis, Evans,
Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert
B. Hall, Harlan, Hickman, Holloway, Thomas 11. Horton,
Valentine B. Horton, Hughston, Kel&ey, Kennett, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Leiter, Matteson,
McCarty, Killian Miller, Milhvaid, Moore,Morgan,Morrill,
Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew-Oliver, Parker,
Teck, Pelton, Pennington, Peiry, Pettit, Pike, Poiter,
Pnngle, Purviance, Piirvear, Ready, Rieaud, Ritchie,
Rivers, Robbins, Roberts, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sher-
man, summons, Snecd, Spinner, Stranahan, Tappan, Thor-
ington, Thurston, Todd, Trat'ton, Tyson, Vail, Valk, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbudge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkins,
Wells, Williams, Woodruff, Woodvvortli, and Zolhcoffer—
120.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Bell, Ilendley S.
Bennett, Bocoek, Branch, Brooks, Burnett, John P. Camp-
boll, Lewis D. Camphell, CaililCjCaskLe, Chngman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson 11. W. Cobb, Ciawfoid, Dowdell. Ed-
inundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Foster, Goode, Samp-
son W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Houston, Georg'j W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Keitt, Kelly,
Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Maxwell, McMulhn, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millson, Orr, Packer, Powell, Quit-
man, Ruffin, Itust, Shoiter, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, William R. Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Talbott,
Taylor, Trippe, Warner, Wheeler, Wmslow, Daniel B.
Wright, and John V. Wright—00.
So the appeal was laid on the table, and the
decision of the Chair sustained.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before I ask
the previous question upon the bill, I send up to
the Clerk's desk an amendment, to fcre appended
to the bill as a third section. I presume there
will be no objection to it, as it is to place certain
restrictions upon the expenditure of the money
appropriated in the bill.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That none of the said
money appropriated for said buildings by this resolution,
or heretolore appiopuated for the purpose mentioned, shall
be u-fd or applied for the puipose<« for which they are
appropriated, unless the same shall be sufficient in each
cabc to complete the building in such case fully, and entirely
accomplish the object for which the appropriation in this
resolution is made; and the Sccretaiy of the Treasury is
heieby piohibitcd i'rom using or applying any of the moneys
aforesaid m unv one case, until he shall have made a con-
tract. with <-11011 security as ho shall approve, for the com-
pletion of the entire building and work in such case, at a
sum not exceeding the sum of money appropriated and
expended 111 ?ucn case ; and the S^cietary of the Trcasuiy
shall enter into no contiact, either conditional or final,
which shall nuolve an expenditure in any one case beyond
the sums appropriated and remaining unexpended in such
case: and, in all cases where Mich unexpended appiopria-
Uon shall In: insufficient to complete the entire work m such
case, the Seeieimy of the Tteasuiy shall suspend all action
in lelatnm thnefo, and shad report to Congress on the lir-t
day of the *.es «ion the condition of the work in such case,
and shall lay before Congress such plans and estimates a-,
in his judgment, may be proper for the completion of the
woik.
Mr. "WASHBURNE. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HAVEN". If the gentleman frdm Illinois
will allow me, I will make a further suggestion
to him. The amendment he lias just proposed
is a very proper one, if the bill is to be passed,
which I hope will not be. But I want to inform
him that the first section of the joint resolution
is defective; and if the hill is to pass, it will be
much improved if he will make the amendment
which I now suggest to the first section. The
first section now provides that no money shall be
expended under the joint resolution until the
Secretary of the Treasury shall contract for the
completion of said building. The effect will be
that no money can be expended for any of these
buildings until the Secretary of the Treasury shall
have contracted for the construction of the build-
ingot Detroit. It makes them all hinge upon that
on° building. I would suggest that the proviso
should be made to read:
ProviJt ■Ifmtkrr, That no money shall be paid under the
fir^t sei'ttnn of tins juint resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will accept the mod-
ification suggested by the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from Illinois has
no right to accept the modification.
The SPEAKER. The amendment having
been reported from the Committee on Commerce,
the gentleman from Illinois cannot accept a mod-
ification, except by general consent.
Mr. ORR. I object.
Mr. LETCIIER. I should like to propound
a question to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
This is an appropriation bill, as I understand it.
I ask the Chair if I am correct?
The SPEAKER. It is a bill which appro-
priates money.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I present this question
of order: There is a rule of the House which
says that no amendment shall be in order to any
appropriation bill, which is not authorized by
existing law. Now, I submit that the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Commerce,
is not for purposes authorized by existing law.
The SPEAKER. The rule will be read.
The Clerk read the 81st rule, as follows:
" No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propriation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not pieviously authorized by law, un-
less in continuation of such public works and objects as
are already in progress, and for contingencies for carrying
on the several departments of the Government."
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
this rule has reference to general appropriation
bills, and not to bills of the character of that
before the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. The House has decided
very often that internal improvement bills are
comprehended and included within the term,
" general appropriation bills." I am aware that
the original intention was, that the class of bills
included in this rule should be confined to the
general appropiiation bills; but the House has,
by its construction of the rule, enlarged it so as
to include bills making appropriations of money
for internal improvements—bills which propose
nothing else, except to appropriate money—such
as internal improvement bills—river and harbor
bills, for instance. It is the settled doctrine, now,
that these bills are general appropriation bills.
In that view of the case, and with that con-
struction of the House before me, I make the
point of order to the Chair, that, as this bill pro-
poses to do nothing but to appropriate money, as
these items are such as are usually included in
our civil and diplomatic appropriation bills, and
as most of these custom-houses have been con-
structed with appropriations made in our civil
and diplomatic bills, and constituting a part of
such bills,—I say, in view of these circumstances,
I submit that this is to be considered as a gen-
eral appropriation bill, and that the amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois is not in order
under the 81st rule which has been read.
The SPEAKER. The 80th rule provides that
" General appropriation bills shall be in order in
preference to any other bills of a public nature,
unless otherwise ordered by a majority of the
House." The Chair is of opinion that this is not
a bill of tjiat character. The 81st rule only relates
to the class of bills described in the 80th rule, and
therefore decides that the rule has no application
to the bill before the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. But this vety rule of the
House lias been construed by the House to
include river and harbor bills. The principle has
been settled by the House, that the 80th rule in-
cludes bills of this class. I cannot see, therefore,
how a bill of this general character, making ap-
propriations for buildings in half a dozen difter-
j ent States, can, under that construction, be con-
| sidered otherwise than as a general appropriation
; bill; and I therefore make the point of order that,
j as the amendment reported by the Committee on
' Commerce includes appropriations for works not
authorized by law, or in progress of construction,
it is not in order. The amendment proposes to
build one or two new custom-houses; and not
only that, but it proposes to build a court-house,
at a point where there has never been one.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can entertain no
doubt that the bill is not a general appropriation
bill, and it is not therefore included in the 80th
rule. The Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. JONES. Wait until the Chair decidcs the
questions of order pending. The chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, who reported this bill,
at the same time reported this amendment. Sub-
sequently he proposed to amend that amend-
ment. I understand that he now proposes another
amendment, at the suggestion of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Haven.]
Mr. WASHBURNE. I accept the amendment
of the gentleman from New York as a modifica-
tion of my proposition.
Mr. JONES. You cannot accept it as a modi-
fication, because the bill is not your proposition,
but the proposition of your committee. The res-
olution and amendment of the committee are now
in possession of the House; the gentleman haa
no control of them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated but
one amendment, and that is the amendment to
the amendment reported from the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. JONES. Then the Chair does not enter-
tain the alleged modification ?
The SPEAKER. It has not been entertained
by the Chair.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Illinois whether these appropria-
tions are recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I called for the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. At the time, the gentleman
had not the floor to call for the previous question.
The point of order of the gentleman from Alabama
was being decided. The Chair now overrules
that point of order.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to know whether
the Secretary of the Treasury has recommended
the building of these custom-houses, and the en-
largement of those already commenced ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. In reply to the gentle-
man from Virginia, I will state that in every case
embraced by the amendment, propositions have
been referred to the Committee on Commerce, or
they have been introduced in the Senate and acted
on by that body, and by the Committee on Com-
merce in the House. All these propositions have
been acted on by the Committee on Commerce,
and they have been recommended unanimously to
be reported to the House favorably. In nearly
every case there is a recommendation from the
Secretary of the Treasury. There was one case
for which there was no specific recommendation.
Mr. LETCHER. Which one?
Mr. WASHBURNE. The one for Galena,
Illinois.
Mr. LETCHER. That was the point I was
coming to: whether the Secretary of the Treasury
recommended the construction of a court-house
where the United States has no court fixed by
law? I want to know fo* it is that the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce comes in
with an amendment to a resolution from the Sen-
ate, and asks that this House shall appropriate
$88,000, to be expended, in part, in building a
court-house at Galena, Illinois, when there is no
Federal court held at that place ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. There is before the
House a bill reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary, that a court be established at Galena,
Illinois. There is a great and paramount neces-
sity for that court; and it is the duty of Congress
not only to establish a court there,"but to have
constructed a building in which the court may be
held. The bill provides not only for a court-
i room, but a custom-house and post office.
Mr. LETCHER. It strikes me that it would
be well enough for the gentleman, belonging to the
majority of this House, and who has undertaken
j to reproach other members on this floor for
} extravagance, to get a court established at Ga-
! lena before having constructed a house to hold
the judge. As I understand it, this court-house,
' for which this great necessity exists, is to be con-
structed in the gentleman's own district, and at
1 his own town.
| Mr. WASHBURNE. It is.
i Mr. LETCHER. And he is going to have a
| court-house built, although this Congress or the
' next may not pass a bill to establish a court at
. Galena. So far as Illinois is concerned, I believe
. there are two judicial districts in that State,
i Several courts are already held there. Why,
j then, is it, that it is not proposed to build a court-
; house at a point where a court is held, instead
