824
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 12,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Etheridge.
Ho. of Reps.
some of my southern friends would point out the
rule of the House, the statute, or common law, or
any clause of the Constitution which was violated
by the member from Ohio in offering the resolu-
tions I have named. There was no pretense that
he had been guilty of" disorderly behavior.
The censure was rightfully based on the right
which this House has to punish a member, whose
conduct is such as to unfit him for his public
duties, or whose opinions or general character
may be such as to render him odious. The power 1
to censure involves the power of expulsion, were
the House disposed to inflict that punishment. . i
Our power, Mr. Speaker, over cases of this |
kind is derived from that clause of the Constitu-
tion which reads as follows:
" Each House may determine the rules of its proceedings, j
punish its members for disorderly behavior, and, with the j;
concurrence of two thirds, expel a member." t ^
It is argued by the gentleman from South Car-
olina [Mr. Botce] and others, that the power to
"determine rules," to punish for "disorderly ,
behavior," and to " expel a member," must be ;
construed in pari materia; that rules must first be
adopted by the House, and penalties imposed for j
their violation, and that the power to punish for i
"disorderly behavior," and to " expel a mem-
ber," can only be exercised by the House with
reference to such rules as may be adopted and :
violated by members. Now, sir, I do not sub- 1
scribe to this reasoning. Suppose you were at-
tempting to explain this part of the Constitution
to a child, you might, without doing any violence
to its meaning, read it thus: " Each House may
determine the rules of its proceedings—each House •
may punish its members for disorderly behavior
 each House may, with the concurrence of two
thirds, expel a member." First, we have the
power to adopt the rules of our proceedings—we
have done this—and we have a volume of rules
which relate, almost exclusively, to the order of
actual business. We then have the power to
punish for "disorderly behavior;"butgentlemen
speak of this power as if it was only for a viola-
tion of the rules of the House. If the argument
of the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Botce] be correct, the Constitution should read:
" Each House may determine the rules of its
proceedings, and punish members for a, violation
thereof;" but the punishment spoken of is for ,
" disorderly behavior." What, sir, is meant by j
" disorderly behavior?" It was decided here, a i
few days ago, that the Bible is good authority, j
I think so, and I go further. I humbly submit i
that Webstei 'a Dictionary for many purposes
is, also, good authority. The North and the
South, I think, will be agreed on this, though the
author was a northern man. Webster gives the
meaning of "disorderly" thus: "Lawless; con-
trary to law; violating or disposed to violate law
and good order." Now let us substitute Web-
ster's definition of " disorderly" for the words,
- "disorderly behavior." The Constitution would
then read: " Each House may determine the
rules of its proceedings, punish its members for :
that which is lawless, contrary to law, violating or j
disposed to violate law and good order.''
Lastly, each House, " with the concurrence of '
two third^, may expel a member." The word
" puaish," as used in the Constitution, is a gen-
eric term; it includes censure, reprimand, sus-
pension, and expulsion. There is no restraint
upon the House until it attempts to pass a judg-
ment of expulsion. A majority of the House
may censure, reprimand, or suspend; but when
we expel we must have a vote of two thirds, because
it is so written in the Constitution. This restraint
is imposed upon our power—it is the only one
•which the Constitution imposes—but none what-
ever is imposed upon our discretion. That is
left with the House; and each case must be tried
and determined upon its own merits, and the
House must judge for itself if it deserves the se-
vere punishment of expulsion. This power is
not so much necessary to punish the offending
Bfieniber, as to enable the House to get clear of
his presence, and protect itself.
It has been urged in argument, that if the
House is left to its own discretion, and may de-
termine for what cause it will expel, it will soon
become a despotism, overriding the Constitution,
and prostrating the liberties of the people'. If
this were so, it does not prove our want of power
or jurisdiction, but only that it may be abused.
But, sir, discretion must be lodged somewhere;
it is lodged in the executive, legislative, and judi-
cial departments of the Government for many
purposes, and no doubt has been often abused;
but I challenge gentlemen to show me any depart-
ment of this Government, to which a discretion-
ary power is given by the Constitution or laws,
which has been exempt from popular complaint.
If any has been wholly so, it has been the two
Houses of Congress in matters of this kind.
Your present Executive is denounced every day
for alleged abuse of his constitutional discretion.
Your Supreme Judiciary has been charged with
deciding cases in obedience to the behests of the
slave power. Your officials, everywhere, are
charged with abuses in matters involving their
discretion; but who has ever heard either House
of Congress censured for expelling or punishing
a member? I admit this power may be abused,
but it has not yet been so, and numerous cases
may be cited which, while they prove our juris-
diction, disprove the probability that it will ever
be used as an instrument of oppression.
If the absence of jurisdiction or power is to be
inferred because it may be abused, the same ob-
jection would apply to other things. The same
Constitution whicn authorizes this House to
" expel a-member," gives Congress power " to
declare war." It is granted without limitation or
restraint. It is easily abused, and a wanton ex-
cise of it might be attended with most disastrous
consequences. We have never exercised it with-
out incurring the displeasure of a portion of the
1 people. Why, sir, your war with Great Britain
in 1812 was denounced by some of our most
eminent-statesmen. If I remember rightly, Mr.
Buchanan, the present Democratic candidate for
the Presidency, questioned its wisdom and de-
plored the rashness which he regarded as pro-
ducing it. In speaking of the war of 1812, Mr.
Buchanan said:
" It took its rise from the overweening partiality which the
Democratic party have uniformly shown for France, and the
consequent hatred which they felt against her great adver-
sary, England. To secure this foreign influence has been the
tabor of their leaders for more than twenty years, and well
have they been repaid for their trouble, for it has been one
of the principal causes for introducing and continuing them
in power. Immediately before the war, this foreign in-
fluence had completely embodied itself with every
political feeling of a majority in the west; its voice
was heard so loud at the seat of government that the
President was obliged to yield to its dictates or retire from
office. The choice in this alternative was easily made by
a man (Madison) who preferred his private interest
to the public gsod-"  **** 
" The very Capitol of the United States, the lofty temple
of liberty, which was reared and consecrated by Washing-
ton, has been abandoned to its fate by his degenerate succes-
sor, (Madison,) who ought to have shed his last drop of blood
In its defense."
Take again the late war with Mexico. A very
large party in this country pronounced it un-
wise and unnecessaiy. They declared it ought
to have been avoided; but that party was accused
in return of moral treason, and of giving " aid
and comfort to the enemy." Suppose, sir, Con-
gress should at this session declare that, whereas
I the late bombardment of Greytown was a most
I brilliant military achievement, and has cstab-
! lished our naval superiority throughout the world;
and whereas all the rest of mankind should be
subservient to our authority; suppose, sir, for
no better or other reasons, we were to declare
war against all the nations, Powers, and princi-
palities throughout the world, what would be the
judgment of mankind ? Yet, sir, this, or some-
thing equally ridiculous, might occur; but will it
be insisted that, because such an insane folly
might be perpetrated, we therefore have no power
1 " to declare war?"
If the argument as to the power of the House
to expel a member is to prevail, it will have to
be applied, I suppose, to the discretionary power
of Congress to declare war. In that event, we
should adopt rules and regulations forthwith,
specifying for what particular provocation we
will draw the sword, and what forfeitures, pen-
alties, and punishments we will inflict on those
who transgress our regulations. Nothing, I sup-
pose, will be hereafter left to the discretion of
Congress, for fear that discretion may lead to
abuse.
I will now briefly recur to some of the cases
in which both Houses of Congress have asserted
jurisdiction. About the year 1831, Sam Hous-
ton was tried and reprimanded for an assault
upon a member from Ohio. The assault oc-
curred out of the House, and when it was not
sitting.
In 1797, William Blount, a Senator from Ten-
nessee, was expelled by a vote which wanted
but one to be unanimous. His offense was an
attempt to bribe an agent among the Indians.
Judge Story (at page 299, 2 Commentaries on
the Constitution) says of this case:
" It was not a statutable offense; nor was it committed
in his official character; nor was it committed iuixng the
session of Congress; nor at the seat of Government." * *
" It seems, therefore, to be settled by the Senate, upon full
deliberation, that expulsion may be for any misdemeanor
which, though not punishable by any statute, is inconsistent
with the trust and duty of a Senator."
The same author says of the case of John
Smith, (a Senator,) whose expulsion was moved
in 1808, for supposed connection with the de-
signs of Aaron Burr, and \yhich failed by one
vote:
" The precise ground of the failure of the motion does not
appear; but it may be gathered from the arguments of
counsel, that it did not turn upon any doubt that the power
of the Senate exiended to cases of misdemeanor not done
in the presence or view of the body."—Ibid., 300.
And, commenting further upon these cases, that
learned justice says:
"The power to expel a member is not, in the British
House of Commons, confined to offenses committed by the
party as a member, or during the session of Parliament;
but it extends to all cases where the offense is such as, in
the judgment of the House, unfits him for parliamentary
duty."—Ibid., 300,301.
The report of the case of Anderson ts. Dunn
(6 Wheaton, 204—231) discloses the following
facts: Anderson, who was not a member, at-
tempted to bribe a Representative, for which he
was arrested by the Sergeant-at-Arms, in obedi-
ence to an order of the House. Anderson for
this brought an action for false imprisonment.
In delivering the opinion, the court say:
" It is certainly true that there is no power given by the
Constitution to either House to punish for contempts, except
when committed by their own members. Nor does the
judicial or criminal power given to the United Stales in any
part expressly extend to the infliction of punishment for
contempts of either House, or any codrdinate branch of the
Government. Shall we, therefore, decide that no such
power exists?
" The idea is Utopian that government can exist without
leaving the exercise of discretion somewhere. Public se-
curity against the abuse of such discretion must rest on
responsibility, and stated appeals to the public approbation.
Where all power is derived from the people, and public
functionaries, at short intervals, deposit it at the feet of the
people, to be resumed again only at their will, individual
fears may be alarmed by the monsters of imagination,
but individual liberty can be in little danger." * * "The
science of government is the most abstruse of all sciences,
if, indeed, that can be called a science which has but few
fixed principles, and practically consists in little more than
the exercise of a sound discretion, applied to the exigen-
cies of the State as they arise. It is the science of experi-
ment." * * " The public functionaries must be left free
to exercise the powers which the people have intrusted to
them."
" That a deliberative assembly, clothed with the majesty
of the people, and charged with the care of all that is dear
to them, composed of the most distinguished citizens,
selected and drawn together from every quarter of a great
nation, whose deliberations are required by the public opin-
ion to be conducted under the eye of the public, and whose
decisions must be clothed with all that sanctity which
unlimited confidence in their wisdom and purity can in-
! spire,—that such an assembly should not possess the power
, to suppress rudeness, or to repel insult, is a supposition too
wild to be suggested. And accordingly, to avoid the pres-
sure of these considerations, it has been urged that the
right of the respective Houses to exclude from their pre«-
! ence, and their absolute control within their own walls,
| convey with them the right to punish contempts committed
in their presence."
! The action of both Houses of Congress has
been, since the foundation of the Government, to
assert an unquestioned jurisdiction in matters of
this kind. It has also the sanction of high ju-
dicial authority. It is too late now to repudiate
our past action, when it is sanctioned by sue
high authority, and sustained so well by reason.
It occurs to me, Mr. Speaker, that if u q-
tion of jurisdiction were submitted to any^ -
yer who has been for ten years with w™nit
£n.«ti<w. or to anv of our most respectable circuit
of cU^ss Xhere is something in the atmos-
phere about Washington, not very favorable tc
| the development of legal talent. LLa ghl«r-]
