1560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
of at a point whore it is only expected a court
will be established ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. The United States are
already building a court-house at Chicago, where
a court is held.
Mr. LETCHER. How about Springfield ?
Mr.WASHBURNE. Ithinkabillhaspassed,
or been introduced at this session of Congress,
for the purpose of building a court-house at that
place. My colleague from the Springfield dis-
trict can better answer the gentleman. Of one
thing I am certain, he will say that there is a ne-
c«ssity for a court-house at Springfield, Illinois.
Mr. LETCHER. As I understand, the gentle-
man who represents the Springfield district [Mr.
Harris] has an amendment to attach to this bill;
but as the question now stands, he cannot get
his amendment in, and the result is, that Spring-
field, being a point for holding the court, cannot
have a court-house; and Galena must have one, as
it is expected some time or other to have a court
established at that point.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me for a moment ?
Sir. LETCHER. Certainly. Iwantinform-
ation; it is what I am after.
Mr. HARRIS. In response to the gentleman's
inquiry, I will state that the courts for the south-
ern district of Illinois are now held at Springfield.
Before the State was divided into two judicial dis-
tricts the courts were held there for some sixteen
years. There is no court-house there, and I now
appeal to my colleague, as a question of fair-
ness, that lie will accept, at the proper time, the
amendment which I send to the Clerk's desk to
be read.
The SPEAKER. The amendment can be re-
ceived and read only by unanimous consent.
Mr. KUSTIS. iobjcct.
Mr. LETCHER. I have the floor, and wilt
read the amendment as part of my speech: " For
the purchase of a site and the erection of a suitable
building' at Springfield,Ilhiiois,foracourt-house,
custom-house, land-office, and post office for the
United States, $100,000."
Mr. HARRIS. Does my colleague accept the
amendment?
Mr. WASHDURNE. If it were in order, I
would be glad to accept the amendment. I under-
stand that it is not in order to make any further
amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. With the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia, I will state, in further
response to his interrogatory, that my colleague
pr< iposes an amendmen t for the erection of a court-
house at Galena, predicated, ax he contends, on a
report from the Committee on the Judiciary in
favor of tile establishment of a court at. that point.
Now, on the ramc principle, I predicate my
amendment oil the favorable action of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. That
committee, three months ago, prepared a bill, and
directed my colleague to report it to this House,
which he has not done. As a matter of even-
handed justice, I insist that my amendment be
inserted in this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am willing thatit shall
come in.
Mr. HARRIS. Now, one word further. The
amendment that I have proposed includes a cus-
tom-house a.t Springfield. It is true there never
has been a port of entry established there, but
there may be. It is situated upon a river, and
steamboats have been as high up os the city, and,
in the course of human events, it may becomc a
port of entry. A custom-house may thus become
necessary, and certainly it is as necessary as the
erection of a court-house at Galena, where a court
is not now held, and probably never will be.
Mr. NORTON. I wish to say a word to my
colleague.
Mr. HARRIS. T will hear what my colleague
has to say,
Mr. NORTON. I wish to ask my colleague
whether, in referring to, the action of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, as hav-
ing passed upon his bill, and directed a colleague
*>f his to report it to the House, he alluded to
me?
Mr. HARRIS. I did. I so understood from
information which the gentleman himself com-
municated to me.
Mr. NORTON. Then my colleague is -mis-
taken. Mycolicaguc had his bill for the erection
of a post office, and so forth, at Springfield, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. That committee referred the bill to
me. I had occasion to leave for home early in
the spring, and handed over the matter to the
chairman of the committee, the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] with the understanding
that he would take charge of it in the Post Office
Committee. I had no doubt that the committee
would sanction the bill, and authorize him to re-
port it. But my colleague is mistaken as to the
fact that the committee ever took any action upon
it. I will say further, that I was in favor of my
colleague's bill. I believed that the committee
would authorize it to be reported upon favorably
to the House, and I expected that, before I re-
turned from Illinois, the chairman of the com-
mittee would carry it through the committee, and
make a favorable report to the House.
Mr. JONES, of lennessee. I wish to request
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
now, while he has the floor 
Mr. LETCHER. Stop; I will attend to every-
thing, if you will just let me alone.
Mr. KNOX addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the gen-
tleman from Virginia to yield the floor to other
gentlemen, if the House shall consent.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I imagine the House
will consent. When there is a bill up making
wholesale appropriations to build houses, the
House would like to know something about it.
Now, there is one thing that has leaked out in
this matter which seems to me a little remarkable.
Some half dozen of the committees of this House
have charge of bills of this character. Here are
the Committee on Commerce, the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. How many others there
are I do not know; but that number has leaked
out this morning. One recommends the building
of a post office, another adds a custom-house, and
a third mounts a court-house on the top of all;
and then, what is very remarkable is, that all
these propositions get into the Committee on
Commerce, where they are sifted over again, and
brought into this House. Now, it does seem to
mc that we are going upon this business at rather
a strong gait. It is well enough to look into it.
Mr. KNOX. I desire the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia to say a few words.
Mr. EUSTIS. I object to this yielding of the
floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
Chair will enforce tjic rules, and stop this farming
out of the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. It does not suit the gentle-
man from Tennessee, because he tried to come
m for his share, and could not. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. The gentleman enforced the
rule on me, and I ask the Chair to enforce it on
others.
Mr. EUSTIS, I withdraw my objection.
Mr. KNOX. I have but a single word to say
in reference to this matter; and inasmuch as the
gentleman from Virginia has yielded the floor to
some of my colleagues, I am obliged to him for
allowing me to say a word in regard to a measure
in which my constituents have an interest.
I know that my colleague, [Mr. Wasiiburxe,]
who introduced this bill, is very willing to allow
amendments to be made, but, under the rules of
the House, he cannot do it. I trust, therefore,
that the House will place this bill in such a posi-
tion that I may introduce an amendment. The
amendment I propose to offer is one making an
appropnation af§d8,000 for the purpose of build- !
ing a custom-house, post office, and court-house |
at the city of Peoria. Now, I have this to say, j
that there is far greater necessity for a court- i
house at Peoria than there is at Galena. [Laugh- !
tor.] Peoria has the advantage of the city of |
Springfield. I
# Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques- ]
tion of order. I would inquire if the gentleman .
from Illinois has not had the floor before? j
Several Members. No, no. !
Mr. JONES. Well, the gentleman from Vir- !
ginia will have no right to make another speech, j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is entitled to the floor, unless the House !
consents that he shall yield it to others. 1
Mr. LETCHER. There was consent, I un- ,
derstood. i
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee now objects.
Mr. ORR. The objection comes too late. The
gentleman from Illinois had proceeded with his
explanation, and was more than half through
before the gentleman from Tennessee made the
objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not understand my
friend from Tennessee as having made objection.
Mr. KNOX. I was about to say that the city
of Peoria has the advantage of the city of Spring-
field , (represented by my colleague, Mr. Harris,)
for the House, during the present session, have
made it a port of delivery; and it has also the ad-
vantage of the city of Galena in regard to having
a term of the courts held there; for certainly much
more business for the court originates at Peoria
than at Galena, and I trust this House will author-
ize special terms to be held at Peoria. I have been
before the Committee on the Judiciary on two or
three occasions. I have never been ab!e to get
that very important committee all together; hut I
think that, if they were all together, they would
recommend that a term of the court for the north-
ern district of Illinois should be held at Peoria.
I say, then, that there is the same reason for
an appropriation of $88,000 for the city of Peoria,
for the purpose of building a custom-iiousc, post
oilice, (I suspect the postage received at Peoria
is as large as that received at Galena,) and court-
house, as there is for an appropriation for Galena;
and I trust that this House will place this bill in
such a shape as that I may introduce my amend-
ment, so as to do justice to my constituents.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no doubt in the world
that there are at least some half dozen places in
each one of the thirty-one States, where they
want a post office or a custom-house or a court-
house built, and that, if each gentleman shall be
gratified, it will bo very difficult to tell exactly
wbat the charge will bo upon the Treasury for
affording them that gratification.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will give me the floor long enough to
conclude the explanation which was commenced
between my colleague and myself.
The SPEAKER. Objection has been made by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Joxes.J
Mr. HARRIS. -No, sir, there is no objection
at all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HARRIS. He yields it to me, to respond
to the explanation commenced on my part, and
responded to by my colleague.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I object to it,
Mr. HARRIS. No gentleman who under-
stands anything about the case, and who has any
share of fairness, would object to my having the
floor.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems, Mr. Speaker, that
a large portion of the members of the House have
not been accommodated; that they have not been
consulted at all in regard to this matter; and in
order to give everybody an opportunity to con-
sult with the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, I propose to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, where
they can all have a chance. I submit that mo-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I want to say a few
word in reply to what lias fallen from the gentle-
man from Virginia, and from my colleagues, and
then to say a few words to the House.
Mr. HOUSTON, t rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Illinois has had the floor
once on this bill, and it is not competent for him
now to occupy the floor, so long as other gentle-
men desue to speak.
air. WASHBURNE. I have not had the
floor to speak on the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
moved an amendment to the bill, but he did not
address the House on the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood the gentleman
from Illinois to make his explanation—although
it was a short one—when he reported the bill.
The SPEAKER. That was by permission of
the House, while the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. McMullin] had possession of the floor.
The gentleman from Illinois has not spoken to
the question before the House of Ills own right.
