1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Nichols.
Ho. of Reps.
The report of the majority of the committee
arrives at conclusions to which I am reluctant to
consent. Undue importance is, perhaps, given
to the complaint which the Senate sent down to
the House. The Senate has reported to the
House:
1. " That the Hon. Preston S. Brooks, a member of the
House of Representatives from the State of South Carolina,
did, on the 23d day of the present month, after the adjourn-
ment of the Senate, and while Mr. Sumner was seated at
his desk in the Senate Chamber, assault him with consid-
erable violence, striking him numerous blows on or about
the head with a walking-stick, which cut his head, and dis-
abled him for the time being from attending to his duties in
the Senate. _ , ...
2. " That this assault was a breach of the privileges of tne
Senate.  
3. " That' the Senate, for a breach of its pnvileges, can-
not arrest a member of the House of Representatives, and,
& fortiori, cannot try and punish him; that such authority >
devolves upon the House of which heHs a member;' and
therefore,' that it is not within the jurisdiction of the Sen-
ate, and can only be punished by the House of Representa-
tives, of which Mr. Brooks is a member.'
" The committee therefore report back the complaint of
the Senate, with the journal of their proceedings and the
testimony taken in the premises, pursuant to the resolution
of the House."
Our power to act in this matter is certainly
independent of the Senate's proceedings. It was
very proper in that body to refer the matter to
the House, and it furnishes an additional reason
for our taking cognizance of the assault. The
circumstance that the violence was offered to the
person of a Senator, and in the Senate Chamber,
while it adds nothing to the jurisdiction of the
House, will, and ought to be, considered with
reference to the measure of punishment.
Mr. Speaker, I shall not vote for the resolution
of expulsion. I have many reasons, the chief
of which is, that it will do no good. If the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Brooks] had
intended to kill the Senator—if he had done so, or
death had ensued from the blows—I should not
hesitate for a moment in imposing the severest
judgmentof this House, in addition to the punish-
ment which the courts can inflict. But he had no
such intention. His resentment was aroused .just-
ly, as he supposed. His blood was up—whether
from real or supposed wrong it is not necessary
for me now to inquire, as the effect on him was
the same—and, thus maddened by what he re-
garded as a libel upon his State and kindred, he
sought the Senator, not for the purpose of taking
his.life, but to degrade him by punishment. Such
is the object of all men who attempt the infliction
of persona! violence in the presence of the public.
Deeply aroused as he was, no doubt the assault
was more violent than he intended—so much so
as to excite his own regret at the extent of it. I
shall not comment on tne facts as disclosed in the
evidence. Acting as a juror, I shall judge them
fairly, and, I trust, dispassionately; but I shall
defer something to human frailty. Other gentle-
men may decide in a different spirit. My nature,
my education, teaches me to remember man's
infirmities. I have never prosecuted the pleas of
the State; unless my opinions change, 1 never
shall. I hope there are no old prosecuting attor-
neys here. Their judgments are always severe:
as bloody and unrelenting as the oldest butcher
in the market. [Laughter.] I recall that remark,
if any one regards it as " personal."
The politicians throughout the country have
seized upon this lamentable affair to advance their
political ends. It has been known here from the
beginning that the gentleman from South Carolina
could not be expelled. I have thought that the
politicians at the North did not desire it. Were
it done by southern votes it would deprive them
of much of their present political stock; but they
will be most happy to get the whole South com-
mitted to the proposition that the House has no
power over the conduct of its members outside of
this Hall. In that event, they will renew their
appeals to the already inflamed masses at the
North—point them to the former record of south-
ern statesmen, and show our abandonment of it
at a time when the accused is from our own sec-
tion. Much as I regret this deplorable affair,
because of the pain it has given to the immediate
parties, I deplore it still more on account of the
influence it is to have, 1 fear, upon political ques-
tions yet unsettled. ;,jt is mingled with consid-
erations—with political question?, upon which
depend, in a great degree, the future peace of my
country, and the preservation of that standard I
of political morality, which all good menprize so |
^he public meetings which have been held in i
different sections of the country, with reference
to this affair, have, at this juncture of time, a
marked significance. When before did an occur-
rence of this kind seem to awaken such popular
demonstrations? Never. For all such meetings,
whether of sympathy, or condemnation, I have
no word of approval. 1 listened, a few days ago, I
to the animadversions of a distinguished Senator,
upon the action of northern Legislatures and ■.
popular assemblies, in regard to this case. His !
rebukes were just and deserved. I only regretted
that he had no word of rebuke for those who,
living in the South, have made themselves like-
wise obnoxious to his censure.
A word as to the resolution which censures the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Edmcndson,] and
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt.]
I shall vote against that resolution. It is partly
predicated upon the allegation that they, " some
time previous to the assault, were informed that
it was the purpose of the said Preston S. Brooks
to commit violence upon the person of said
Charles Sumner for words used by him in de-
bate,.as a Senator in the Senate, and took no
measures to discourage or prevent the same." I
do not think it was the duty of either of these
gentlemen to give notoriety to a disclosure which,
from its very nature, they should have regarded
as confidential. It would, of course, have been
different had they presumed Mr. Brooks's pur-
pose to have been the infliction of dangerous or
" murderous" blows. But they had no right to
presume any such thing, from the avowals of Mr.
Brooks to them; and the proof does not justify
any such presumption. Their position was a very
delicate one. Mr. Edmtjndson was requested to be
present as a witness—not to take any part in the
affair. He was not, however, present at the time
of the assault. Mr. Keitt, it must be remem-
bered, is the friend and colleague of Mr. Brooks.
The gentlemen to whom Mr. Brooks communi-
cated his purpose have been educated in a school
which forbids such a violation of confidence—
where the tattler and the " tale-bearer" are de-
spised. Mr. Brooks might have regarded them
as not his friends, but his enemies. While many
might have approved, they woujd have felt them-
selves condemned. I say they have been edu-
cated to hate the " common informer"—a charac-
ter always odious—so much so, that the pulpit will
not screen from censure; I once heard of a good
old deacon who, after long years of intemperance,
had been induced to "join the sons." Like all
new converts, he was over-zealous. He imme-
diately become a lecturer. On one occasion when
he was holding forth, an old companion entered
the church, very Ynuch " under tne influence of
liquor." The deacon began to address his remarks
to him. He first persuaded—then grew vehement.
At last he remarked, " I will testify in the day of
judgment that you are here drunk on the Sabbath
day." The offender could endure everything but
this. Rising, he exclaimed," I do notcare if you
do. The greatest rascals are sure to become
evidence for the State." [Great Laughter.]
THE SUMNER ASSAULT.
SPEECH OF MR. M. H. NICHOLS,
of ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
July 12, 1856,
Upon the Resolutions of the majority and minority of the
Select Committee to investigate the assault upon Sena-
tor Sumner.
Mr. NICHOLS said:
Mr. Speaker: I do not rise with the hope
of influencing the vote of any member of the
House upon the resolutions before us. My own
judgment is already formed, and I presume the !
mind of every other gentleman upon this floor is j
already made up, as to the course which it is j
proper for this House- to pursue upon the matter !
before us. But, sir, aftercoming to the conclusion I
to vote for the resolution reported by the majority j
' of the committee, in reference to the principal in
this transaction, I have sought the floor for the
purpose of explaining briefly the vote I shall
give. Before doing so, 1 shall refer to an incident
which occurred in debate on the day these reso-
lutions were taken up.
i [At this point Mr. Nichols gave way to a mo-
tion to adjourn, which being negatived, he pro-
ceeded as follows:]
I Mr. Speaker, 1 was about to remark, when
i interrupted, that reflections had been cast on the
I action of the committee of which I am a member,
in respect to the recommendation to print extra
copies of the report of the committee to investi-
gate this assault. It will be remembered that, when
that resolution was presented, I sought the floor
for explanation. My desire was to state that
the report then submitted was a majority report;
that I did not assent to it; and , Mr. Speaker, in
honesty and fairness, I think this statement meets
and disposes of the charge that any political ad-
vantage was sought by that report.
Mr. Speaker, I view this transaction in a dif-
ferent light from some other gentlemen. I re-
gretted it from first to last; and I think that all
implicated will have abundant reason to regret it
, hereafter, and that gentlemen have more reason
to deplore it than they have for condemnation
i now. I have no political capital to make out of
[ the question. But, sir, I regard it as a question
for adjustment by this House. What, sir, is the
! question? Have the privileges of the coordinate
branch of the national Legislature been invaded,
and if so, and by a member of this House, is the
I invasion such a one as we ought to take cogni-
j zance of? In my judgment, it is an offense of
i which this House ought to take cognizance. I
would be glad, from the personal relations which
I have sustained to the gentleman implicated in
i this matter, if I could, from a_sense of duty to
! myself, to the Constitution, and my constituents,
1 be brought to regard it in a different light. The
conclusion to which I have arrived is, that the
resolution submitted by the majority contemplates
such action as it is proper and just that this House
should take in the premises.
Yet the majority report of the committee is as-
sailed. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb]
made a long and eloquent speech to prove that this
House had no jurisdiction over the offense. He
asserted, that to adopt the line of policy laid down
by the majority of the committee would lead to
an invasion of the civil rights of the citizens of
the Union. I do not so regard it. In imr judg-
ment, when the gentleman from South Carolina
made up his mina to an assault on Senator Sum-
ner—when he deliberately determined to punish
him for words spoken in debate, he made up his
mind to all the consequences which might follow
the act. And I will do him the credit to say, that
when it was first proposed to make this a subject
of investigation here, he had the courage to come
forward and avow himself responsible to all the
consequences of the assault. I have the right to
assume that he had deliberately made up his mind
to incur all the consequences of the act, and that
he meant to assume all the responsibilities flowing
from the act itself. [Mr. Brooks nodded assent.]
The gentleman assents to my last proposition.
And I presume, if tne House vote that the act
j: was an infringement on the rights and privileges
I of the Senate, this is one of the consequences to
j which he held himself liable. If it is said the
gentleman conceived himself to be so aggrieved
that he could only be avenged by the exercise of
'. his physical strength, then thatgentleman and his
' friends ought not to complain if the House of
: Representatives, constituted as it is, deems it
proper, out of regard for its own dignity and the
sovereignty of the people, to express its disap-
probation of the act.
Sir, in the investigation of this case, I believe
; that I am not animated by any party spirit. I
; j believe, in addition to that, that I have nothing
jj to gain from the determination of this case in
j] any way. It would afford me more pleasure to
, vote against the expulsion of the gentleman from
i j South Carolina than it would to vote to cast any
; imputation or censure upon him. But I believe
I that the peace of the country in the future, and
| the security of debate in the present, require
i action at the handj of this House. If I did not
