m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34?h Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner-^—Mr. Nichols.
July IS,
Ho. of Reps.
so believe—if I did not believe that the peace of
the future was involved in the action of this
House, I should be very slow to move in this
matter, or to say one word in reference to the
transaction which has occurred. Sir, when I
heard that this assault had been committed, it
■was a matter of grave question with me, from
my personal acquaintance with the gentleman
from South Carolina, whether the report which
reached me was one of truth or falsehood; and I
have to say in reference to it now, without one
word as to the motives which prompted him, and
into which I have no right to inquire, that I be-
lieve it to be an unfortunate transaction, and one
which never ought to have occurred.
And this brings me to an investigation of the
question as to whether, when it undoubtedly has
occurred, it is a matter which this House should
take jurisdiction and cognizance of, and whether—
that point being determined in the affirmative—
this House has the authority and the right to dis-
pose of it in the manner recommended by the
majority of the committee? Sir, I believe that
we have that right—that we have that power;
and, without going into a recitation of the prece-
dents and principles which have adjusted assaults
and breaches of the privileges of this House here-
tofore, at this point in my remarks, it is sufficient
for me to say that, in no instance, from the foun-
dation of the Government down to the present
time, has either branch of the Legislature failed
to take cognizance of such an offense as this, and
to manifest their disapprobation of it. 1 take it,
then, that the precedents are clear and conclu-
sive—that the course of legislation in regard to
these matters has been clear heretofore, and that,
if we follow the light of experience—if we adopt
the precedents furnished us by our fathers, there
can oe no question that this case is a proper one
for the House to take jurisdiction of. There can
be no doubt about,that.
But it is alleged, in vindication of the position
t&keh by the minority of the commi ttee, that there
lire certain considerations involved in this ques-
tion, which appear never to have struck those
who have heretofore had the disposition of such
cases, and it is only to one or two of those points ,
that I wish to direct my attentioii. My own opin-
ion in reference to the clause of the Constitution
which gives us power to investigate cases of this
' kind—that clause which declares that each House
shall prescribe rules forits government, that each
House may punish its members for disorderly
conduct, aiia, with the concurrence of two thirds,
expel a member—my opinion with reference to
it is, that the power given them over offenses of
this kind is plenary, that it is full and absolute.
But it is urged that, even if the House has this
power, it should not be exercised for certain rea-
sons. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb]
said, that although the powers were clearly con-
ferred by the Constitution, it should not be exer-
cised by you in any case of breach of privilege,
until you had first passed a law defining, from first
to last, what constitutes offenses against the priv-
, ileges of the House, and prescribing the punish-
ment therefor. I do not concur in that view at
all. i do not concur in the train of reasoning by
which the gentleman from Georgia reached his '
conclusion.
It appears to me that, if we adopt that gentle-
man's reasoning, all we have to ao is, put the
Constitution in a strait-jaeket and lay it aside—
to decide that its provisions have not sufficient
vitality to vindicate its positive injunctions, and
permit any man who commits an offense of this
kind, which, in my judgment, unequivocally
violates its plain provisions, and destroys the
rights of the people guarantied by that instru-
ment, to pass with impunity. It has been well said
jn this discussion ana elsewhere—by oar judici-
aries and by the most learned commentators upon
the laws of our country—that discretion must
exist somewhere, and that it is a necessary inci-
dent of every Government. Sir, if discretion is
to exist anywhere, I do not wish to see it vested
in our administrative officers, or altogether in the
eoartsi; I would infinitely prefer to see it vested
in this body, which is the immediate represent-
ative of the people, reflecting their wishes, and
whose judgments and actions ought to be, at
tenet, if they are not, in conformity with the
will of their constituents. If discretion is to be
vested anywhere, I would rather see it here than
in your courts, your administrative or executive
officers, or in any other body. And there is
a manifest propriety in placing it here. Your
executive and administrative officers spring from
the discretion invested in the representatives of
the people; they are themselves the creatures of
the sovereign power of the people, exercised by
their representatives.
Mr. Speaker, when the argument of the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] was being deliv-
ered, I listened to it with a great deal of attention,
and a great deal of respect; but as it proceeded,
these questions forced themselves upon my mind,
and I involuntarily turned to the consideration
of this state of things. I have thought, sir, that
it would be a matter of great propriety to see
inscribed over the entrance to this Hall the priv-
ileges of an American Representative. I pictured
to my own mind that, under the rules prescribed
by the gentleman from Georgia, that inscription
would be something in these words: " It shall
be a breach of privilege to assault a member of
Congress." "It shall be a breach of privilege
to assail and abuse any member for words spoken
in debate. " It shall be a breach of privilege to
do anything which could create a personal disa-
bility, to interrupt the course of legislation here,
or to inflict personal disability on any member of
this body." Now, sir, although this may be the
wish and determination of the gentleman from
Georgia, who says that all these things should
be spread on our book of rules, and upon our
statute-book, yet I infinitely prefer that they
should rest upon the plain provisions of the Con-
stitution and the law which now governs and
always has governed the deliberations of this
House, and which defines the privileges of legis-
lators and protects the dignity of our national
Legislature.
But, sir, great stress is laid upon the word
"question." The gentleman from Georgia—
the minority of the committee—seeks rather to
refer the plain' ordinary provision of the Consti-
tution, " and for any speech or debate in either
House they shall not be questioned in any other
irface," to a simple immunity from prosecution for
libel in a court of justice. I shall not stop to dis-
cuss the various uses of the word " question "—
to point out how a man may be " questioned,"
" elsewhere," and " in any other place " than a
court of justice. In my juagment, the gentleman
from South Carolina has resolved the doubts of
the minority—that if he has not, he at least ought
to have furnished to doubters sufficient evidence
that a man may be questioned for " any speech
or debate," without being called to answer an
action in any court. The word "question "is
not, and never has been in its plain connections,
limited to any such narrow setfse. A Represent-
ative, or a Senator, it is true, may be sued for
words spoken in debate. If so, he simply pleads
his privilege under the Constitution. His plea is
effectual, and he is discharged from all the con-
sequences flowing from a prosecution for libel.
No law is necessary for his defense save the
simple, plain provision of the Constitution itself.
It is a provision which executes itself, depending
upon no legislation. Not needing any aid to give
it vitality, it stands as an effectual shield to the
Representative forever, in respect to words
spoken in the course of official duty. And it mat-
ters not, sir, whether his representative charac-
ter has been divested or not, he is forever free
from question in a court of justice. |
But do gentlemen seriously contend that immu- \
nities from civil liability are the only ones con- |
templated by this provision of the Constitution ? ;
Is it true that, while you may not subject a man's
pocket to depletion for words spoken in debate,
or speech delivered, you still may beat him, that
you may shoot or destroy him, and that this is no
"questioning; " that a member may do this to
a fellow-member, and that both remaining within
the House, subject to its laws, its jurisdiction,
and yet that the offender cannot be reached
by any action here. That such " behavior" is
not disorderly—that such conduct is not cause for
expulsion, or any other proper action of the body
to which the offender belongs ? Mr. Speaker, I
put this matter seriously to the House—to this
body, which, as the direct representative of the
people, ought to, if it does not, possess a high
sense of the majesty of the pqwer which creates
ana sustains it. Are the constitutional rights of
life and personal security of less consequence
than the right of property ? Are we to shield the
member s pocket, and yet leave his life, his per-
sonal security, to the reckless and lawless con-
sequences of passion, uncontrolled by law or
reason. No, sir, nature and reason revolt at
such a conclusion. Yet, sir, such seems to me
to be the inevitable consequences of the positions
assumed here by gentlemen.
But, sir, for the benefit of the gentlemen of the
Opposition, I wish to cite an authority in refer-
ence to this point. I need not say, Mr. Speaker,
that precedent is invariably opposed to these
assumptions. That "free speech" must be ac-
companied with a " free use of the bludgeon," is
a doctrine of latter day invention and application.
But, sir, to my " precedent;" I allude, sir, to the
difficulty between Mr. Randolph, of Virginia,
and Mr. Clay, of Kentucky, in 1826. For words,
sir, much more personal—more bitter in charac-
| ter than those alleged as a justification for this
assault, Mr. Clay challenged Mr. Randolph. In
the Thirty Years' View, by Colonel Benton, we
are assured that Mr. Randolph adopted the reso-
lution, in the duel to be fought, not to fire at Mr.
Clay, for two reasons. First, an unwillingness
to injure Mr. Clay; and secondly, because to do
so would, in the language of the author, be an
! implied acknowledgment of Mr. Clay's right to
make him answer. This he would not do, either
by implication, nor in words. He denied the right
of any person out of the Senate to question him
for words spoken within it. He took a distinc-
tion between a man and a Senator. As Senator
he had a constitutional immunity given him for
a wise purpose, and which he would neither sur-
render nor compromise. As an individual, he
was willing to give satisfaction for what was
deemed an injury.
And, again, upon page 71 of the same work, wa
find the following:
" Mr. Randolph accepts th« challenge of Mr. Clay; at
the same time iid prdtesrts against the right of any minister
of the exectuive government of the United States to hold
him responsible Jbr words spoken in debate, as a Senator from
Virginia
This, sir, Was the sense which one of the great
men of his age held in reference to this question
of privilege—this constitutional safeguard of free
discussion; and I shall show, Mr. Speaker, befcfre
I conclude, that precedents and rea^Bn are upon
the side of the majority of the committee, and
that their proposed action is warranted by the
laws and usages of our country. This much,
Mr. Speaker, for the argument of this case. As
I have no disposition to consume time, let me
briefly present my understanding of the facts in
this case, and the grounds upon which my opinion
rests.
I have heretofore expressed my opinion of the
morale of this transaction. I have only to say, in
addition, that, in my judgment, the whole matter
affords the most melancholy evidence of the polit-
ical degeneracy of the times, of the bitterness and
unworthiness of party strife,and the evils flowing
from perverted partisan legislation, ever afforded
by the history of our country.
If you look in the Senate of the United States,
what do you see ? The speech of Mr. Sdmn-er
was characterized by extreme severity—gentle-
men here say it was incendiary, insulting, and
libelous in its character. I am not here to draw
nice distinctions. With the peculiar views of
Charles Sumner, I have no sympathy; but, sir,
he is an American citizen; he has all the rights
belonging to that high character—the right to his
opinions and their free expression. I have stood
in the forum of senatorial debate, and have heard
him denounced as a " moral traitor," in common
with others—not because there was justice in
such denunciations, but because it was popular
to denounce—because it was the sentiment of the
locality which dictated denunciation rather than
argument. Sir, I have no word to say in vindi-
cation of that speech. Such as it was, it had
passed unquestioned in that body. .No call to
order had interrupted it; no Senator arose in his
place to urge that it violated the privileges or the
