1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1563
tions to a bill, being sent to the House in which
the bill originated, that House shall proceed to
a reconsideration of the matter. In this case it
is somewhat different, inasmuch as the bill ori-
ginated in the Senate, and the objections of the
President were therefore sent to that body. But
the clause of the Constitution just read says,
that the bill, being returned to the other House,
that House shall likewise reconsider it. Still, it
is competent for the House to postpone the con-
sideration of it until such time as it may think
proper.
Mr. HAVEN. As there are other matters of
pressing character in the House, I would move,
if it meet the approbation of the House, to post-
pone the consideration of these bills until Thurs-
day of next week.
Mr. HOUSTON. Before the gentleman's
motion be presented, I desire to say a word. I
do not know whether this matter comes up in the
aspect of a point of order, or in what way. But
it is evident to my mind that the phraseology of
the Constitution does not bear the construction
which the Chair has seen fit to give to it.
In that portion of the clause of the Constitution
referring the subject to the House in which it
originated, it is said that that House shall pro-
ceed to reconsider it; and that if, after the recon-
sideration, two thirds shall agree to pass the bill,
it shall be sent, together with the President's
objections, to the other House, by which it shall
likewise be reconsidered, and if approved, it
shall become a law, &c. Now, sir, no other
phraseology could have been used there than that
of, " by which it shall likewise be reconsidered."
It does not say that the other House shall take
it up immediately, as a matter having priority
over other matters in the House. It does not say
that that House shall arrest its other business
and take up that. The word "likewise," on
which the Speaker's mind seems to have turned,
refers to the mode of its reconsideration—that it
shall likewise be reconsidered, as it was in the
first House—not immediately. Here it comes
up as a proposition, on the same ground of all
other propositions that come from the Senate to
this Ilouse. It goes to the Speaker's table neces-
sarily, as a communication from the Senate, as
would a bill from that body; and it takes its
place on the table. The word " likewise" refers
to the general manner in which it must be recon-
sidered; and there is no portion of the phrase-
ology of this clause of the Constitution—as I
read'it—which compels the House to take up
such bill, with the President's objections, to-day,
or to-morrow, or any other day.
Mr. GIDDINGS. What is the question be-
fore the House ? I want to listen to the gentle-
man's argument with all respect.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, sir, if the gentleman
cannot listen without knowing the question be-
fore the House, I beg the Speaker to communicate
it to him.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama raises a question of order, relating to prior-
ity of business.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Is the priority of business
debatable? If not, I ask that the gentleman be
called to order.
Mr. HOUSTON. You had better call him
to order yourself.
Mr. GIDDINGS.
complied with.
The SPEAKER.
hibits debate rulatin;
I insist on the rules being
The rule of the House pro-
^ to priority of business; but
till' gentleman from Alabama raised a question of
order, and was stating the question. The Chair
has not understood distinctly what the point was.
Mr. HOUSTON. The point, Mr. Speaker,
which I was endeavoring to present was, that this
bill is now on the Speaker's table, and cannotbe
taken up unless by the unanimous consent of the
House. It is there with the other bills, and can-
not be reached to-day, or any other day, unless
oy a vote of two thirds of this body. I present
that point now to the Chair.
Mr. PECK. One word in relation to the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Alabama.
In the construction of this portion of the Consti-
tution, we may well have reference to the action
of the Senate. The Senate has, by its action at
numerous times, determined that the prior clause
to which this relates, makes it obligatory on that
body, on the reception of a vetoed bill with the
objections of the President, to proceed at once
to a reconsideration.
Mr. HOUSTON, (in his seat.) No, sir.
Mr. PECK. Allow me to getthrough. To pro-
ceed " at once"—or, in other words, that a ques-
tion of this character is a question of the highest
privilege. It is incumbent on them, under the
terms of this provision, to consider the question
at once, so far as either to act upon it, or to set
the time when they will enter upon its considera-
tion. So far, we have the construction of the
Senate upon this section of the Constitution; and
reasoning from analogy, the action of this House
should be in conformity to the action of the Sen-
ate in similar cases. But we have more than this:
a subsequent clause of the Constitution goes on
to say 
Mr. GIDDINGS. I must raise a question of
order upon the gentleman from Michigan. This
question is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House, relating, as it does, to priority of busi-
ness, is not debatable.
Mr. PECK. I was only replying to the remarks
of the gentleman from Alabama, and I think that,
if his remarks were in order, mine are.
The SPEAKER. It is not competent for the
gentleman from Michigan to continue his remarks
upon the ground he has stated.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I think a prop-
osition might be made which would put an end
to all this difficulty in relation to the disposition
of these bills. I do not suppose anybody wants
to discuss them, and I hope, therefore, that by
general consent we shall go on and take the vote
upon them.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
message from the Senate upon the first bill.
The Clerk read the message from the Senate
respecting the bill for removing obstructions at
the mouths of the Mississippi river.
The SPEAKER. This message having been
received from the Senate, with the accompanying
message from the President of the United States,
the Chair thinks that it is a matter which super-
sedes the ordinary business of the House, and
must be considered at this time, subject to the
rules of the House. The Chair places his decision
upon the followinggrounds: If the bill had origin-
ated in the House, and had been returned by the
President, with his objections, the language of
the Constitution would have required the House
to proceed at once to the consideration of the
bill, with the objections of the President. The
case before us, however, differs in this: The bill
having originated in the Senate, it comes to us
from that body, and in a diiferent form. The
duty of the House is prescribed 111 the seventh
section of the Constitution, in this language: " If,
after such reconsideration, two thirds of that
House shall agree to pass the bill, it shall be sent,
together with the objections, to the other House,
by which it shall likewise be considered." The
Chair thinks that the proper interpretation of the
word "likewise"is, "in like manner,"as in the
House where the bill originated.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the Chair
state when this bill was returned by the Presi-
dent to the Senate, and how long they were in
reconsidering it?
The SPEAKER. The indorsement on the bill
is—<< May 20, 1856; read and made the special
order for Wednesday, 21st instant, at one o 'clock,
and ordered to be printed."
Mr. JONES. And it has been there under
consideration until yesterday—nearly six weeks.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Washbcrn] claimed the floor upon a question of
privilege. After the floor was assigned to him
upon thatquestion, the gentleman from New York
then rose and claimed the floor upon what he
stated to be a question of higher privilege. Now,
sir, my point of order is that, although it is
undoubtedly the right of the House to consider
the message of the Senate, and either to dispose
of it or postpone it at its pleasure, yet it is not
such a question of privilege as would enable the
gentleman formally to take the floorfrom another
member who had already obtained it upon a ques-
tion of privilege. Although the Constitution may
require (as I believe it does) that the House shall
consider and \ote upon this bill, or postpone it
at its pleasure, yet it does not- require that it shall
be done at any particular time, and I hold that no
member would have the right to interrupt the
ordinary business of the House to call it up, much
less to take the floor from a member who had
obtained it upon a question of privilege for that
purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
rose to a question of privilege under the rules of
the House. The gentleman from New York rose
to a question of privilege based upon the express
language of the Constitution, which requires that
the House " shall likewise jeconsider" the bill
returned by the President. It is the right of this
House to postpone the consideration of the bill;
but, in the opinion of the Chair, the Constitution
requires that the House shall receive the message,
and that the bill" shall likewise be reconsidered,"
that is, in like manner as in the House in which
it originated.
Mr. MILLSON. Does the Chair rule that
the gentleman from New York may take the floor
from another member to call up the message ?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
the gentleman from New York had that right,
inasmuch as a question of privilege, arising under
the Constitution, is of a higher grade than any
question of privilege arising under the rules of
the House.
Mr. STEPHENS. As it is our constitutional
duty to reconsider this bill, I trust that the House
will, by common consent, allow the message to
be taken up, and that the motion of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Haven,] to postpone
the further consideration of these bills until
Thursday of next week, will be agreed to. It is
certainly our constitutional duty to proceed with
the reconsideration of these bills; and I trust,
therefore, that the motion of the gentleman from
New York will be received without further ob-
jection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ask that a
precedent, bearing more or less directly upon
this question, may be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Machen, their Chief
Clerk:
Mr. Speaker : The Senate have agreed to the amend-
ment of the House to the Senate's amendment (No. 1) to
the bill (No. 502) entitled "An act makinff appropriations
for the navai service for the year ending 30th of June,
1846 and they insist upon their amendment numbered —
to the said bill, which the Ilouse disagreed to. and ask a
conference on the disagreeing votes ol' the Uvo Houses;
and have appointed Mr. Evans,Mr. Crittenden, and Mr.
Benton, managers at the conference on their part.
They have passed the hill (No. 301) entitled a An act
making appropriations for the support of the Army lor the
year ending on the 30th of June, 1846," with amendments.
They have passed the joint resolution (No. 78) " to fix
the time when the act to reduce the rates of postage, to
limit the use and correct the abuse of the franking privi-
lege, and for the prevention of frauds on the revenues of
the Post Office Department, (passed at this session,) shall
go into effect," without amendment.
And I am directed by the Senate to notify this Ilouse of
the following proceeding m that body, namely:
In Senate op the United States, March 3,1845.
The President of the United States having returned to
the Senate the hill (No. 66) entitled " An act relating to
revenue cutters and steamers," with his objections to the
same, the Senate proceeded to reconsider the bill: and
Resolved, That the bill do pass, two thirds of the Senate
agreeing thereto.   
Attest: ASBUltY DICKIES,
Secretary.
The Senate liave concurred in the resolution of the
House of Representatives suspending the 16th joint rule,
so far as relates to the bill (H. It. No. 649) for the sale of
Arabian horses.
And then he witlidreV.
The Ilouse proceeded to the consideration of so much of
the said message from the Senate as relates to the recon-
sideration of the said bill (No. 66) entitled "An act relating
to revenue cutters and steamers."
And the question. " Will the House, on reconsideration,
agree to pass the same ?" was stated.
"And, alter debate,
The previous question was moved by Mr. Bayly, ana
seconded; and the mam question was ordered, and put,
namely, •' Will the House, on reconsideration, agree to
pass the said bill:" which was determined in the mode
prescribed by the Constitution of the United States ;
When there appeared—For passing the bill, 1-27; against
it, 30.
Mr. HOUSTON. The great distinction be-
tween that case and this is, that the Journal does
not show that on that occasion any member made
objection. On the contrary it was a unanimous
vote, overruling the veto message of the Presi-
dent. Here the point is presented to the Chair,
and the Speaker knows very well that where the
point is not raised, where no objection is made,
' that case does not come before the House with
