J 856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Nichols.
Ho. of Reps.
decorum of debate—not one. And I think, sir,
when gentlemen arraign that speech here, they
are, granting their strictures to be*true, very
clearly demonstrating that the standard of parlia-
mentary courtesy ana propriety is a very low one
in the Senate of the United States.
If this speech was one for which its author
should have been held responsible in a personal
encounter, it is one which should have been
checked in its delivery. If it was a production
fit to subject its author to the disgrace of personal
chastisement, then it was disgraceful for a delib-
erative body to sit and listen to it. But, sir, it
was listened to by a body jealous of its privileges,
courtesies, and rights—listened to, sir, without
interruption; and I am bound, as such is the fact,
to take it as parliamentary.
Sir, I shall regret it exceedingly if this dis-
cission assumes a personally offensive character.
My object in rising was not to inflame passion,
but to invite a cooland deliberate judgment. We
are not advocates to plead for the condemnation
of any man. Our committee has made its pre-
sentment of facts, arguments, and conclusions,
and we are judges—judges of the law and the
facts. Well, sir, let us examine these dispas-
sionately.
Sir, it is not controverted that—
"The Hon. Preston S. Brooks, a member ofthe House of
Representatives from the State of South Caroliua, did, on the
23d day ofthe present month, after the adjournment of the
Senate, and white Mr. Sumner. was seated at his desk in
the Senate Chamber, assault him with considerable vio-
lence, striking him numerous blows on or about the head
with a walking stick, which cm his head, and disabled him
for the time being from attending to his duties in the Sen-
ate."
This is the exact finding of the Senate as to the
assault; and the justification of the party ch&iged
with the offense is also stated by the Senate com-
mittee in his own words. It was because Mr.
Sumner used language in debate on the Monday
and Tuesday preceding, which Mr. Brooks con-
sidered libelous of the State of South Carolina,
and slanderous of his near kinsman, Mr. Butler,
a Senator from that State, who, at the time, Was
absent from the Senate and the city. The com-
mittee of the Senate, sir, return their finding as
to what offense was committed, in these words:
"That this assault was a breach of the privileges of the
Senate."
And the committee further report:
"The Sena te, for a breach ofits privileges, can hot arrest
a member of the House of Representatives, *nd, t fortiori,
cannot try and punish him; that such authority devolves
upon the House oT which he is a memberand, therefore,
" that it is not within the jurisdiction of (be Senate, and can
only be punished by the House ef Representatives, of
which Mr. Brooks is a member."
And by resolution, the Senate sends the whole
ease here for action. Acting upon this present-
ment by the Senate, and upon the further testi-
mony brought out by their examination, the
majority of the House committee report the
following resolution:
"That Preston S. Brooks be, and he is forthwith,
expelled from this House, as a Eepresentative from the
State of South Carolina."
With a resolution of disapprobation as to the
course of Messrs. Edmund8on and Keitt, in
reference to the assault. And the minority of the
committee report that the assault was no breach"
of privilege, And that the House has no jurisdic-
tion of the i&tltter.
Mr. Speaker, if I regarded the question as at
all doubtful, I should resolve that doubt against
my own body, if a coordinate body reported
unanimously as to a matter like this. The priv-
ileges of a legislative body, the sanctity of its
character—clothed as it must necessarily be with
the majesty of the people, with the delegated
sovereignty of their masters—is not a subject for
invasion upon slight pretenses. It is no safe
precedent, in civilized countries, where law pre-
scribes the punishment of offenses, for the citizen
to usurp the redress provided by law, and to judge
for himself of the character Of an offense, and
deal out castigations and punishments by any
standard of his oWn. Society is organized to
restrain such conduct, not to aid ana foster it.
Men form civil communities, and submit to laws
and regulations, because Social order is preferable
to anarchy and disorder. If, then, this be true
as to the citizen, in my judgment the offense
becomes one of the first magnitude when leveled
as one clothed with the character of a Represent-
ative or Senator, where freedom of opinion, free-
dom of speech, and personal safety, are essential
to a faithful exercise of delegated power.
But, sir, I am clear as to the course I shall pur-
sue. I believe it is sustained by the Constitution,
by legislative precedent, and by sound reason.
My reading of the Constitution enables me to see
my way in this matter without difficulty. I choose
to take its letter and spirit for my guide, and not
to fritter away ox weaken its plain provisions
by abstractions. But, sir, I propose more, in the
time that remains to me, to review the report of
the minority of the committee, than anything else
in these remarks. We are asked what warrant
we have for this proceeding? Whether we find
it in the Constitution, and if not, where is it found?
I answer this committee, that we do find it in the
Constitution, in the fundamental as well as the
clearly-established and well-acknowledged law
of this country, as applicable to parliamentary
bodies ?
What, sir, are the immunities of a member of
the Senate or House of Representatives ? Section
six of the Constitution says:
"They shall, in all cases except treason, felony, or breach
of the peace, be privileged from arrest, during their attend-
ance at the session of their respective Houses, and in going
to and returning from the same; and for any speech or debate
fn either House, they shall not te questioned in any other
place."
I need not say, sir, that this right of free dis-
cussion is one of the rights of an American
citizen most highly prized. We know this well.
It is a right for which revolutionary blood was
shed. It is a right asserted here as often as it haft
ever been questioned. And the"sanction of great
names has given it a character, that the ephem-
: eral discussions of the day cannot weaken or
destroy.
tf it be true, then, Mr. Speaker, that the Con-
stitution protects the member for words spoken
in debate, (and of this, I apprehend there can
be no question,) the inquiry arises, How is the
member withdrawn from the protection thus
afforded him ? I know of but one mode. Oil
page 58 of our Manual, I find:—'' For any speech
or debate in either House, they shall not be ques-
tioned in any other place." (Const. U. S., 1—
6; S. P. Protest of the Com. to James I, 1621,2d
Rapin, No. 54, 211, 212.) But this is restrained
to things done in the House in a parliamentary
court. (1 Rush, 663.) For he is not to have
privilege contra morem jparliamentarium, to ex-
ceed the bounds and limits of his place and duty.
It is usual, sir, ill justification of this assault,
and ui the assault upon the majority report, to
constantly assert that the speech which provoked
the difficulty was, in itself, an invasion of the
privileges of debate. I have, sir, alluded to this
matter before, and I do so now again to put at
rest even that attempt at justification.
Section five, second clause, Constitution of the
United States, says: "Each House may determ-
ine the rules of its proceedings," &c.; that is,
each House adopts rules for its government,
which, So far As the House adopting them is
concerned, are absolute. Each House is the
judge of its own order of debate, of the propri-
eties and legislative courtesies to be observed ;
there. So necessary, so indispensable is this
povfrer And privilege to the independence of coSr-
ainatffbranches of the same national Legislating,
in their legislation, that we find, in the generAl
parliamentary law, the following:
" It is highly expedient, for the due preservation of the
privileges of separate branches of tlie Legislature, that
neither should encroach upon the other, or interfere in any
matter depending before them, so Ss to preclude, or even to i
influence, that freedom of debate which is essential to a free :
council. They are, therefore, not to take notice of any bills,
or other matters depending, or of votes that have been
given, or of speeches which have been held, by the mem-
bers of either ofthe other branches ofthe Legislature, until
the same have been communicated to them in the usual
parliamentary manner."—Hatsel.
Then, sir, if this be true, the Senate was the
judge of parliamentary proprieties in reference
to the speech of Mr. Sumner. That body had,
by tacit consent, passed upon it; had indorsed it
as within the scope of their rules; as unobjec-
tionable according to the standard set up in that
august body. As a speech made in fair debate it
was protected—protected not only by the Consti-
tution of the United States, but by the rules of
the Senate, and by the law of the land. It was
not, so far as law and the privileges of legislative
bodies are concerned, questionable anywhere,
except in a session of the Senate in fair debate.
Any attempt to change the responsibility was not
only a violation of the Constitution, but it was
still more a violation of legislative courtesy, an
invasion of the majesty of a sovereign State; a
violation of natural rights.
But I am told, sir, that any notice of this affair,
in the manner proposed, will be an invasion of
.the rights of the citizen; that the privileges of
legislative bodies are so vague and ill-defined that
we cannot mark their boundaries, or safely resort
to them for justice. We are told that there is no
safety save within the provisions of the Constitu-
tion.
" It appears to me, sir, that the minority report
is based upon a misapprehension of this case;
that in the argument its assumptions are not sup-
ported by the status of the proceeding. What is
it we propose to do ? Do we propose an imprison-
ment of any person ? No, sir. Or do we threaten
the life or property of any gentleman ? Not at
all. How, then, the rules of trial, in criminal
cases, can have any application—how the right
of trial by jury—the presentation by a grand
jury, or the machinery of criminal jurisprudence,
can be invoked in this proceeding, I do not
know. In my judgment our proposed action
involves no breach of any of these well-settled
rights or obligations. The House is called upon
to manifest its sense of the conduct of one of its
own members; to pass upon the propriety of the
action of a gentleman, which action is admitted
on all hands to have been an infraction of the
laws of the land, and which, I think, was an in-
fraction of legislative right. But how is it pro-
posed that we shall act? By imprisonment, fine,
or any corporeal or pecuniary punishment? Not
at all, sir. The resolution is, that " Prestow
S. Brooks be expelled from this body." And,
sir, if we go to the Constitution, it appears to me
that we find the power for this proposed action
very clearly given. Section five of the Constitu-
tion says :
" Each House may determine the rales of its proceed-
ings, punish its members for disorderly behavior, and, with
the concurrence of two thirds, expel a member."
Now, does any gentleman pretend that this
power is not wisely given, or that it is not neces-
sary to the existence of a legislative body—its
dignity and capacity for legislation ?
But, sir, the power, in this case, is not loose,
vague, and uncertain. Far from it. The power
granted by the Constitution, in the clause just
quoted, is three-fold in its character:
1. To establish the rules of proceeding.
2. To punish members for disorderly conduct.
3. To expel a.member, with the concurrence
of a two-thirds vote.
The provisions of constitutions are always
general—a mere assertion or denial of powers
and principles. They are not legislative; they
are merely the rules to which legislation shall be
squared. That the Constitution doeB not go on
and prescribe the distinct causes for which the
power of expulsion shall be used, is no argument
that it shall not be used at all. The causes may'
be as various in their character as the passions
or interests of humanity. The power is granted,
to be exercised, upon proper cause, by legislative
bodies, under the same responsibilities that any
other power is exercised. Like courts, which
have the power of punishing for contempts, the
nature of the case makes them the proper judges
of what is due to their own safety and dignity.
A sound discretion, demanded alike by decency
and justice, is the only check that I can find
upon the exercise of the power. And the only
question is, does this constitute a case for the
exercise of the power ? This is a question of
opinion — of fact—addressed to the consciences
of members.
The minority of the committee have cited a
number of cases to prove that the exercise of
this power is dangerous—to prove that a wanton
exercise of it has, in Sfany instances, been at-
tended with deprivation of liberty for the citizen,
and loss of property. I do not doubt that, sir,
