1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
l$65
Harrison, Haven, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton,
Valentmc B. Horton, llowaid, llughuon, Kelsey, Kennett,
Kin^, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Loiter,
Lmdley, Humphrey Marshal], Samuel S. Marshall, Matte-
son, McCarty, Moucliam, Kilhan Miller, Millward, Moore,
Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Parker,
Feck, i'elton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Porter,
Pnngle, Purvnmee, Heady, Ricau'd, Ritchie, Rivera, Kob-
bins, Roberts, liobison, Sabin, Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, Scott,
Seward, Sherman. Simmons, Sneed, Spinner, Stranahan,
Tappan, Taylor, Thurston, Todd, Trat'ton, Tyson, Valk,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waidron, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wat-
son, Welch, Wells, Williams, Woodruff, and Woodworth—
139.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Hundley S. Bennett,
Boeock, Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, Carlile,
Caskie, Clmsiman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Cnuge, Crawford, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Faulkner,
Goode, Sampson W. Harris, Hickman, Houston, Jcwctt,
George W. Jones, J Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith
Miller, Million, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Packer, Powell, Pur-
year, Q,uitman, Ituifin, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Stewart, Talbott, Vail, Warner, Walking, Wheeler,
Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—55.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
bill was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FOSTER stated that he had paired off on
tins question with Mr. Walker.
Mr. HOWARD said: I have paired off with
Mr. Oliver, of Missburi, but he has very cour-
teously consented that I shall vote on this ques-
tion, as it is one in which my immediate constit-
uents arc interested. I vote u ay."
Mr. FLORENCE said: The same reason pre-
vents me from voting on this question that pre-
vented me from voting on the other.
The House next proceeded to consider the
vetoed bill making an appropriation for deepen-
ing: the channel over the flats of the St. Mary's
river, in the State of Michigan.
The President's message vetoing the bill was
read.
Mr. HAVEN. This is a bill which is calcu-
lated ultimately to connect the great chain of
lakes with the Mississippi river. I move the
previous question.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York to withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question. I wish to give the opposite side
of the House an opportunity to have a call of the
House to fetch in the Democratic party. [Laugh-
ter.]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered, which was: " Will
the House, on reconsideration, agree to the pas-
sage of the bill?"
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
136, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albrrght, Allison, Call, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Biihnghurst, Bingham, Bishop, BH-?,
Bowie, Brad.-liaw, Brenton, Bioom, Bufiinton, James
H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caruthow, Chaffee,
Bavard Claike, dawson, Collax, Comms, Covode, Cox,
Cragm, Cullen, Cumback, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis,
Dav, Dean.Denvei, De Witt, Dick, Dickson. Dodd, Dunn,
Duifee, Ethvaids, Emrie, Ethendso, Kimtis, Flagler. Henry
M. Fuller, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Green-
wood, Grow, Augustus Hill, Robeit B. Hall, Hailan, J.
Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Hor-
ton^Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, Kennett, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Leiter, Lmdley, Ilum-
iihrov Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Meacbam, Kilhan
Miller, Millward, Moore, Morgan, Moriill, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Norton, Parker, Peek, Peiton, Pennington, Perry,
Pettit, Pike, Poiter, Pnngle, Purviancc, Ready, Ricaud,
Ritchie, Rivers, Robbing Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sage,
Sandid,re,Sapp, Scott, Seward, Sherman, Simmons, Sneed,
Spinner, Stranahan, Tappan, Taylor, Thurston, Todd,
Trafton, Tvsoiu Yalk, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, U al-
dron, Cadvv olader C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells, \\ ilhams, Wood-
ruff, Woodwoith, and Zolhcoffer—130.
N \Y3—Messrs. Aik«m, Barksdale, Hendley S. Bennett,
Bor>ock, Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, Caihle,
Ca-kio, Clmgman, Howell Cobb, Williamson Ii. W. Cobb,
Cran'O, Crawfoid, Dow dell, Edmundson, Elliott, T auuner,
floode, Sampson W. Ham*, Ilickman, Houston, Jewett,
Goor"e W. Jones J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, kidwell,
I.eteher. Lumpkin, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, fcrmth
Miller, Million, Andrew Oliver, Orr. Powell,Purycar,.Quit-
man, Ruffin. Shorter. Samuel A. Smith, \ v llhani Mnith,
Stewart, Talbott, Vail, Warner, Watkins, Wheeler, \\ ins-
low, Darnel 1!. Wright, and John V. Wright—54.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the bill was passed.
Pending the announcement of the vote,
Mr. FLORENCE said: As these bills are pre-
sented separately for the action of the House,
and as I fear that my position might be misun-
derstood, I desire to say, that the same reason
which prompted mo not to vote on the other bills
also prevents mc voting on this. 1 would say
further, that if the vote had to be had to-morrow,
when my colleague will be back, I would have
been glad to vote, and to be at liberty to explain
my vote.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. How would you
have voted ? That's the question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am not bound to state
how I should have voted.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report from the Secretary of War
in reply to a resolution of the House of the 25th
ultimo, on the subject of Indian hostilities in
Oregon and Washington Territories; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, asking for an appropriation for the purchase
of certain stores in the city of New York for rev-
enue purposes; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
say to the House that the first time the House
goes into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, after Wednesday of next week, 1
shall move to pass over all other bills for the pur-
pose of taking up the river and harbor appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. LETCHER. That is a very good motion.
You have got all the Whigs and half the Demo-
crats with you, and so you are sure to carry it.
[Laughter.]
REPORTS FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask consent to
present some reports from the Committee of
Ways and Means. There are various memo-
rials that have been sent to that committee, which
ought to be referred to other committees. Here,
first, is a bill of the Senate (No. 269) for the relief
of John Hastings, collector of the port of Pitts-
burg. I am instructed by the committee to ask
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
It was so ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL also returned various me-
morials that had been improperly referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
discharged fiom the further consideration of the memorial
Of the Ma\or ot" Georgetown, piajmg for the refunding of
advances "of money towards the Little Falls bridge, and
that the same he referied to the Committee on Commerce.
On like motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
discharged from the further consideration of the memorial
of certain public employes asking for the benefits of lull-
passed August 31, 185-2, and Apnl 23, 1854, giving an addi-
tion of twenty per cent, to certain salaries; and that tlie
memorial be laid on the table and printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now,Mr. Speaker, ask
to take from the Speaker's table the consular bill
which has been there since the action of the Sen-
ate upon it, some month or two; I wish to have
it finally disposed of.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is in order only by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It will take but a moment.
Mr. HOUSTON. We can go to the Speaker's
table in the morning, and take up all these bills.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Thanking the House, I
move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at a
quarter past four o'clock, p. m.) the Iiouse ad-
journed till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 8, 18ofi.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DISTRICT ARMORY.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of'the
United States, transmitting a communication
from the Secretary of War, in answer to a res-
olution of the 6th instant, respecting the location
of the District armory upon the Mall, in this
city.
Mr. YULEE. I move that the reading of the
document be dispensed with, and that the mes-
sage and accompanying papers be laid on the
table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I wish to inquire whether the
order for printing includes the map ? I under-
stand that one or two drawings accompany the
report.
Mr. YULEE. I was about to make a motion
in respect to the maps. There are some maps
accompanying the report, but I doubt whether it
will be desirable to print all of them, or, perhaps,
any part of them; and I therefore move that the
question of printing the maps be referred to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. HALE. I should like to have the maps
printed. The Senate will find, I think, that they
are important. They relate to the original plan
of the public grounds by Washington, and show
the encroachments that have been made on them
since. This will be valuable for future reference.
Mr. YULEE. I have no objection, if that is
the wish of the Senate. I am inclined to think,
however, that the question of printing must goto
the committee under the rules.
Mr. STUART. Not necessarily.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
of printing the usual number does not go to the
Committee on Printing. Is it understood that
the order to print shall cover the maps?
Mr. ALLEN. I hope the maps will be in-
cluded.
Mr. JOHNSON. When there is an engraving
connected with a document, I think it should go
to the Committee on Printing. There is no ne-
cessity for referring the motion to print the usual
number of the document; but the engraving is a
very expensive business, and, unless there is a
real necessity for engraving these maps, I shall
certainly object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
may order the usual number to be printed, in-
cluding the maps; but the Chair will put the
question on referring the motion to print, if that
motion is made.
Mr. JOHNSON. The map is here for the
inspection of the Senate. I understand it is merely
an exhibit of the grounds on which it is proposed
to build an armory m this city. It can be in-
spected by every member of the Senate. It will
cost a great deal to print it, though you may not
desire half-a-dozon copies for the use of the Senate.
I imagine that it will scarcely ever be examined
outside of the body, and to print it will cost a
considerable amount of money. Of course, I
make no objection to the printing of the docu-
ment, with "the exception of the engraving.
Mr. YULEE. I think the question of printing
the maps had better be referred to the committee.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to understand,
before the order to print the maps be made,
whether it is expected that we are to delay the
consideration of the subject until the printed maps
shall be returned; for, if that be the case, I shall
be compelled to object to it ? I have been trying
for two or three months to get this subject before
the Senate, and have been constantly delayed for
the want of this report. If we must wait until
these maps are ensraved and printed, and sent
here, the end of the session unquestionably will
arrive before we ever get the papers returned.
By that time the armory, to which all these
papers refer, will be built, and there will be an
end to the question.
Mr. JOHNSON. It isevidentthat it will take
considerable time to execute the engraving of
i these maps. If we are not to defer the consid-
; oration of the subject-matter to which they re-
j late until we get the engraved maps, what is the
| use of having them printed ? If it is in my power
I I should like to amend the motion to print the
' document and maps so as to strike out the print-
! mg of the maps. .
I Mr. F1TZPATRICK. I presume that this
: communication is an answer to a resolution which
j I had the honor to introduce to the Senate some
weeks since ? .
t The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
