1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Tyson.
Ho. of Reps.
employment of the cudgel. In this part of his
essay, he presents apian, alike facetious and inge-
nious, for the restoration of what he describes j
as an ancient privilege. But before counseling j
such an extremity as the old-fashioned resort to |
a drubbing, he coolly advises, in the first place, to
visit personality and defamation with a " mod-
eralt "punishment, such as " tarring, feathering,
and tossing in a blanket." Have those innocent
gentlemen, who see in this delightful juvenescence
of an old man, the authority of the philosophic
Franklin, ever heard of that delicate figure in
rhetoric, called irony? The essay in question was
never intended to be serious. It is only a capital
specimen of ironical pleasantry ana pungent
eatire.
Blackstone tells us that, by the common law
of England, a husband could legally punish his
•wife by administering to her moderate correc-
tion. He pleasantly adds that, though this right
had passed away, the lower classes of the people
who always liked the old common law, showed
their attachment to it by keeping up the old prac-
tice. Are the happy strokes of Addison in his
sportive descriptions of Sir Roger de Coverley,
of our own Irving in his playful excursions, of
Shakspeare in his numerous characters, of Sidney
Smith in his witty veins, to be taken as types of
their real opinions on the subjects they profess to
treat? As well might Blackstone be cited in favor
of whipping wives, as the sly humor of Frank-
lin's article be quoted in vindication of the use of
the cudgel. All readers know what opinions the
political and philosophical writings of Franklin
enforce. For grave legislators, for the supporters
of law and order, his name is unchangeably iden-
tified with the opposite doctrine. He thought
that the moral supremacy of law over physical
violence, was one of the indispensable props of
the whole fabric of social liberty. So far is it from
the fact that .this humorous essay furnishes an
index of his real opinion, that the father of Amer-
ican printers, true to the dignity of his calling,
can be quoted for the sentiment written in 1737—
some fifty years before—that the true remedy for
the falsehood and injustice of the press is to be
found in those neutralizing and counteracting in-
fluences which are secured by its freedom. Expe-
rience has proved, in this country, that the law is
an adequate safeguard from the effects of its wan-
tonness, and a just avenger of its excesses. And
history has shown, in England as well as here,
that its own unshackled freedom is the best re-
straint upon its licentiousness, and the best disin-
fector of its poisonous exhalations.
It was once feared, sir, that the abuses of the
press would at last prove the grave of its free-
dom. However bad men—as Milton says in
speaking of such—
"License they mean, when they cry, liberty"—
may abuse it, the apprehension of such a conse-
quence is now shared by few. The press, unlike
those venomous reptiles which, we are told, some-
times sting themselves to death, is rather, in this
respect, to be compared to our undying Constitu-
tion. Self-poised, self-sustaining, and preeminent,
it possesses, like the press, within itself, the
means of rectifying its own evils, without bring-
ing with the correction the concomitant and
greater ill of self-abandonment or revolutionary
change.
An argument must be hard pressed for author-
ity to sustain it, which will deliberately summon
to its aid such an effusion, or quote the sentiment
of Sismondi for the continuance of the practice
of dueling. The historian of Southern Europe
would doubtless recognize the conventional rules
of the duello for the decision of personal disputes,
us an important step in the march of civilization,
from those rude ages in which sudden and vin-
dictive passions decided the contest. But the
same thing may be said of many other improve-
ments on past times. They are not merely un-
necessary now, but their adoption or continuance
would carry us back to the barbarous ages which
they characterized, and of which they formed a
part. As civilization advances, the cudgel and
the duel give place to those moral appliances
which distinguish a higher civilization, a more
advanced stage of society. A people must lose
in the race of refinement, or betray the absence of
it, in proportion as they adopt er try to perpetu-
ate the usages of semi-barbarous times. The
half-cut and meager civilization of which Sis-
mondi wrote, is no more applicable to our own
times and country than is the resurrection of
dead and buried chivalry in the person of a Don
Q,uixote, to redress the wrongs of injured inno-
cence. Equally good reasons, drawn from his-
torical analogies, can be given in favor of whip-
ping a wife for misconduct as for continuing the
duello, or using a cudgel in debate. But I dismiss
the topic.
The grave circumstances attending the trans-
action before the Eft>use, the number of similar
occurrences which recent times have produced,
and the sad consequences to the national charac-
ter which they entail, require a full consideration
of the jurisdiction of Congress over acts of vio-
lence on the part of its members.
Jf instances have indeed happened, such as we
have heard recounted on this floor—I will not say
with levity, but certainly without disapproval—
worthy rather of the cock-pit and the ring, than
an assembly of gentlemen invested with legisla-
tive power—I think the feeling of the country
would be rather in favor of covering up such dis-
graces than revealing them, for our own shame
and the condemnation of mankind. If they have
been sometimes winked at, it is high time to apply
a corrective, lest continued impunity should tend
to their continued recurrence. I come, therefore,
to the immediate subject in hand.
Sir, 1 cannot subscribe to the doctrine of the
minority report, so plausibly and ably defended
by its author, the honorable gentleman from
Gieorgia, [Mr. Cobb.] The attention I havegiven
to this subject satisfies me that the principles of
the report are dangerous and wrong. It repudi-
ates tQtogether the authority of English prece-
dents, and traces, while it confines, all the power
of either House over, and in defense of, its own
members, to those few words of the Constitution
in the second clause of the fifth section of the first
article, which speak of disorderly behavior. It does
not stop here. In construing this clause, it re-
stricts the jurisdiction of the two branches of
Congress to such acts of disorder as may be com-
mitted in the presence of either body, m contra-
vention of its written rules. It gives to neither
House over its members any greater power—any
further latitude thin this. Sir, I propose to show
that the disciplinary power of the House is more
ample than this.
That British precedents are tinged with the
omnipotent power of Parliament, and are imbued
•with the principle of aristocratic privilege, I am
willing to admit. That they transcend in refine-
ment and punctilio the requisitions of a repub-
lican, and the powers of a limited legislature, I
am also willing to concede. But the argument
of the report involves the absurdity, that because
parliamentary precedents, in England, go further
on the subject of privilege than the Constitution
authorizes, or the genius of our own institutions
allows, therefore Congress is powerless in its own
self-vindication from the effects of any act,
however monstrous, which a member could com-
mit, unless it be done in open session. This
reasoning would make the Congress of the United
States as incongruous in its general structure, as
it would be pitiably helpless in its functional
vitality. While embracing, in the apparent scope
of its external powers, all that would confer
national dignity and renown, is it so impotent as
to be without the sanctions of a necessary, self-
protecting, internal police ? Some belligerent par-
tisans in the two Houses might, in times of nigh
excitement, be guilty of the disorder of presenting
themselves, in battle array, against each other;
and yet, because that disorder was not committed
while the two Houses were assembled, or in the
presence of either, no purgation of the unworthy
members could ensue, no restraint upon unbridled
passion could be interposed, no punishment to
efface the public stain could be inflicted. Is this
in accordance with the parliamentary history of
the national Legislature, orwith the plain reading
of the Constitution itself?
Happily for the political frame-work of our
Government, this notion of individual immunity
from all parliamentary law receives no counte-
nance either from a fair interpretation of the writ-
ten instrument, or from those principles of self-
preservation which are inherent in all legislative
assemblies. Such a system would be liable to
two very grave objections—the imbecility to which
it would reduce the law-making power, and the
license to which, by reason of that imbecility,
the members would be invited.
That rule of construction which is applied to
the Constitution in questions between the con-
ferred powers of the General Government and
the reserved rights of the States, would, in its
application to the disciplinary functions of the
Legislature itself, paralyze both branches of Con-
gress in its control over the personal conduct of
members. A different rule is essential to the
respectability, the honor, and the dignity of its
admitted powers. Public confidence would be
gone, if a stranger who endeavored to bribe a
member could not be punished by the body to
whom the insult was offered, and public respect
would be lost if the body could not be purged of
a member, who had accepted a bribe. Full of
mischief and danger as this doctrine is, it is the
doctrine of this minority report. My reading of
the Constitution and the practice of Congress are
totally at variance with the soundness of such a
conclusion.
Permit me to refer to some of the cases in elu-
cidation of the legislative practice. In the case of
Anderson vs. Dunn, reported in 6 Wheaton's
Reports, (decided in 1821,) the Supreme Court
of the United States decided that this House has
the right to punish a stranger who attempts to
corrupt it by offering a bribe to one of its mem-
bers. The principle of Anderson vs. Dunn had
been recognized in the practice of this House long
before the decision of the Supreme Court. In
the year 1796, Mr. Madison reported, in the case
of General Gunn, a Senator, that he was guilty of
a breach of privilege, by challenging a member
for a cause relating to the exercise of an act of
representative discretion. The cases in the
House of Randall and Whitney, which were
nearly cotemporaneous with the case of Gunn, and
 .that of Mr. Duane, in the Senate, in the year
1800, were in exact coincidence with those which
preceded and followed.
More recently (in the year 1828) a writer for a
newspaper was punished for assaulting the Pri-
vate Secretary of the President, while on his way
from one House to the other, in charge of an
executive message. So recently as the year
1832, General Houston, who was not a member,
was voted to be guilty of violating the privileges
of the House, by assaulting Mr. Stansbery for
language uttered in debate. These are all in-
stances of persons who had offended against the
privileges of members; and yet,forsooth, accord-
ing to the principles of this report, no privilege
whatever exists, except exemption from arrest in
I civil proceedings, and from legal responsibility
for a harmless speech—now, in either of the
'above-mentioned' cases, if the offender had been a
member, would not the delinquency be increased?
If Anderson, who offered a bribe, had been him-
self of the body he sought to contaminate—if
General Gunn,Mr. Jarvis, and General Houston,
had all been members—would not the offense of
sending a Challenge in one case, of waylaying
the President's secretary in another, and of beat- "
ing the debater in the instance last named, have
magnified and aggravated the charge ? The an-
swer is indisputable. But, as if no branch of
; the subject should want exemplification and
proof, this reasoning is confirmed and elucidated
by a striking precedent in the action of the Senate
against William Blount, a member of their own
body, so early as the year 1797. Blount waa
found guilty of tampering with an Indian inter-
preter, and of attempting to excite distrust or
|! hostility among certain Indian tribes towards the
|1 officers of the United States. He was expelled
j from the body he disgraced, by nearly a unani-
' mous vote, one Senator only voting in the nega-
tive.
Here, then, is presented an unbroken chain of
precedents in favor of the power now asserted,
almost from the foundation of the present Gov-
ernment. But it is contended that an exception
occurs—that of Mr. Marshall, a Senator from
Kentucky, who, though accused in 1796 of an
infamous "fcrime, was not expelled for want of
I jurisdiction. It could not have escaped the
