630
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Assault on Mr. Sumner—Mr. Tyson.
[July 12,
Ho. of Reps.
sagacity of the honorable gentleman from Geor-
gia, who cited Mr. Marshall "a case a* one of a
negative character on this question, that it cannot
be introduced as an authority on either side.
Perjury, which is a false oath taken before a
judicial tribunal, and therefore specially concerns
judicial proceedings, can only be established after
a searching investigation in a court of law. The
suit in which the alleged perjury was committed,
was tried eighteen months before Mr. Marshall's
election to the Senate of the United States, and
the charge which was publicly made, was pub-
licly answered before his election. The commit-
tee of the Senate, therefore, reported that it was
improper to act in such a case.
The charge was intended as a reproach, and
was obviously the offspring of private malice. The
staleness of the accusation, and the absence of
all evidence to support it, are conspicuously ad-
verted to in the report. The committee say:
" [f, in the present case, the party has been guilty in the
manner suggested, no reason bis been alleged by tbe memo-
rialists w&y he has not long since been tried in the State and
district where he committed the offense. Until he is legally
convicted, tbe principles of tbe Constitution and of the com-
mon law concur in presuming that he is innocent."
The decision of the Senate in dismissing the
complaint against Mr. Marshall was in pursuance
of the English parliamentary rule, whicn requires
that, in cases of felonies and other infamous
crimes charged againstmembers," they be adjudged
to remain qf the House until after conviction."
The same rule was adopted by this House
when the member from California, whose case
is at this moment under trial before a criminal
court, was indicted for the crime of homicide.
1 concurred in the vote which refused to appoint
a committee of investigation at that juncture,
because a report upon it here was likely to inter-
fere with that fair, unprejudiced, and impartial
trial to which the accused was entitled.
The case of John Smith must also be re-
garded, for another reason, as sui generis, and as
not coming within the line of authorities for oi^
against the rule. Lake the preceding examples,
it will be found, upon examination, to be only
apparently and not really exceptional. In the
year 1808, Smith, who was a Senator from Ohio,
was accused of participating with the famous
Aaron Burr, in his alleged treasonable designs
against the authorities of the United States.
Party spirit and public clamor ran high against
the unfortunate, perhaps criminal Burr. To what
extent the principal and his accomplices are to
be deemed guilty of meditated treason, is a his-
torical question, more easily pronounced upon,
than solved. Certain it is, a large majority of
the Senate denounced Smith as a conspirator,
and voted his expulsion; but failing to obtain the
requisite majority of two thirds, by a single
vote, the resolution was practically defeated.
After this decision of his peers, Smith retired
from public life, though he never formally re-
signed his seat in the Senate.
Upon this case, Judge Story, in his Comment-
aries, pointedly remarks: " The failure of the
motion to expel did not arise from any doubt on
the part of the Senate of their power to punish
misdemeanors not done in the presence or view of
the body." These two cases, though anomalous,
it may be confessed, form no exception to the
unvarying uniformity of practice which has pre-
vailed from the earliest period, in both branches
of Congress, where the question fairly arose.
Other precedents might be cited from the his-
tory of the two Houses. The propriety of all is
sustained, not merely by the ruling of the Su- , |
preme Court in Anderson and Dunn, but sane- h
Honed, 1 believe, by all the elementary writers t
on constitutional law. Mr. Rawle, in his " View I
of the Constitution," calls the right here asserted I
an, ."TIP power of punishing for contempts
and infringements of the privileges of the two !
Houses, and declares that   it is correctly de- I
duced from the Constitution." Kent, whose ad- I
mirable work on American law has almost of |
itself the force of authority on many branches of <
the subject it discusses, emphatically approves
of the decision of Anderson and Dunn. Judge '
Story not only does the same thing, but signalizes '
several of the precedents here cited as worthy of
special approval. So far, therefore, as authori-
ties go, whether we regard the practice of the
House, the decision of the Supreme Court, or
the sentiments of legal writers, the principle con-
tended for is abundantly established.
Touching the case now under consideration,
it is that of an assault committed by a member
of this House on a member of the Senate, for
words spoken in debate. It comes within the prin-
ciple of the cases cited. The offense was occa-
sioned by that legislative act, for which no mem-
ber of either House can even be " questioned" in
any other place, and the injury was committed
upon the person of the Senator who performed
the act. The Senate of the United States, to which
body the aggrieved member belongs, is a coordi-
nate branch with us of the National Legislature
and represents in the councils of the nation the
dignity and rights of the States as political com-
munities. This august assembly, as a constituent
part of the law-making power of the FedA-al
Government, has made complaint of the assault
to tliis House, its fellow-constituent. The ques-
tion is, have we the power to redress the injury
of which that body complains, by punishing the
assailant?
The Constitution! in riving to each House the
right to punish its members for " disorderly be-
havior, wiselyleaves that offense without the
restrictive definition which is now applied to it.
In like manner, it submits the nature of the pun-
ishment to the sound discretion of the respective
Houses, when short of expulsion. What acts
do and what acts do not amount to disorderly
behavior, the Constitution has not defined. It is
the special and enlightened province of the two
Houses of Congress to decide that question as
often as it may arise. The Senate regards the act
as disorderly behavior, within the meaning of the
Constitution, and as such has made it a subject
of complaint.
But it is argued from the position of the words
" disorderly behavior" in the Constitution, that they
mean simply, disorder in the violation qf the rules.
In order to justify such an interpretation, it is
plain that the language of the text must be added
to, or interlined. Withoutgloss or interpolation
the passage is thus written in the Constitution:
" Each House may determine the rules of its proceed-
ings, punish its members for disorderly behavior, and, with
the concurrence of two thirds, expol a member."
The sentence is clearly divisible into three
branches; one relates to the right of making rules,
a second, the independent right of punishing
members, and the third clause requires a majority
of two thirds, if the punishment proceeds to the
extremity of expulsion. How can the second
clause be referred to or limited by the first with-
out adscititious words? If the true reading be,
"Each House may determine the rules of its pro-
ceedings, punish its members for disorderly be-
havior toho violate these rules," it maybe asked
why did not the clear-sighted framers of the in-
strument so express their meaning, by other or
supplemental expressions ?
The common and the cultivated eye of the
country has read the sentence differently for more
than sixty years. Congress has never given it
the construction now contended for, as no rule
has ever been made for the punishment of disor-
derly behavior. The words are too plain, the
grammatical independence of the different clauses
is too clear, for the uncertainly of doubt or the
ambiguity of cavil. Congress, whose practice
has been consentaneous with the decision of the
Supreme Court and the opinions of professional
writers, has given to each part of the sentence its
due force and a literal construction. If any prin- ]
ciple in public affairs is ever to be considered as
settled; if the ebb and flow of opinion are not
always to fluctuate with the ceaseless billows of ,
party strife; if the maxim, stare decisis, is ever to I
be admitted as sound in doctrine in these Halls of
legislation, surely the constitutional power of this
House to punish its members for disorderly be-
havior should be regarded as finally established.
It is for this House to say whether it will con-
sistently maintain its ground, as a fixed principle,
on this subject, or abandon it to the ruling spirit
of the hour—to the ever-shifting sands of political
accidentand party necessity. It is for this House
now, in the early days of its existence, to declare j
whether it will voluntarily so limit its juriadic- I
tion, so cripple its own powers, and so lessen the
means of its own purity, usefulness, and honor,
i as to deny itself the right of acting in the case
before it. Will it furnish, as a precedent, a safe
and flexible rule for the future, or a narrow and
immalleable description of its faculties, alike in-
consistent with its high attributes of power, as it
would be subversive of the character of a digni-
fied national assembly ? Will itpronounce, by its
decision in this instance, that disorderly behavior can
only be committed in the face of the House, and
while in the transaction of its business? Would
it not be a more prudent and conservative rule 
one more congenial with other parts of the Con-
stitution as well as its general frame—one more
suitable to the dignity of Congres.and the honor
, of the nation—to declare, as an abiding and per-
, manent rule, that misconduct may be committed
in or out of the House, if done during the session ?
The exemption of members from civil arrest is,
by the terms of the Constitution, coextensive
i with the session, and the time is even prolonged
to going from and returning to the respective
Houses. That the whole period of a session
forms tbe only safe limit to our jurisdiction over
acts of disorderly behavior, is evident from the
continuing nature of a legislative body. In con-
templation of law, the session of the two Houses
of Congress is uninterrupted by recess or sepa-
, rate adjournment, until its final action is term-
inated by the concurring action of both. In
England, the whole session of a Parliament is
i considered as but one day, and is, therefore, con-
tinuous from the beginning to its close. (See, as to
this, Lex. Pari., C. 2; 1 Inst., 7,27,28; 1 Blacks.,
186; Bro. Abv. Parliament., 86.) As, therefore,
the Senator was engaged in his seat in the Senate
' Chamber, upon a temporary adjournment of the
sitting, when he received the assault, I conceive
that our jurisdiction is as complete as our path of
( duty is clear.
In arriving at this conclusion, I disclaim being
the champion of any party or sectional issue, u
the assailant were any northern member, or one
of my own colleagues from Pennsylvania, I
should, in either case, unhesitatingly vote as a
sense of public duty will compel me to vote on
this occasion. While I deliberately entertain the
j opinions of a northern man on the subject of
African slavery, I hold no sympathy with the
extreme and latitudinarian opinions of the assault-
ed Senator, and I emphatically condemn the per-
sonalities of his speech, no less, but certainly no
more, than those other and previous personalities
which provoked them. But, however we may all
regret and disapprove, as 1 certainly do, of the
spirit and tone of that Senator's language, I fail
to perceive in it the least justification or excuse
for blows.
It is alleged, in extenuation of this resort to vio-
lence, that the Senator from Massachusetts not
merely delivered a speech in the Senate which,
full of personal invective, was deliberately writ-
ten out and printed before its delivery, but that
copies were multiplied and circulated by himself.
It is further asserted that he attacked the revo-
lutionary fame of South Carolina, and the char-
acter for veracity of an absent and venerable
Senator, who was a near kinsman of the offender
i before us. On the other side it is replied that
Massachusetts, her history, her legislation, and
her Senator, had all been the subjects of pre-
' vious and repeated attacks. But suppose it were
otherwise, does the attack on South Carolinaand
an absent kinsman justify or excuse personal
violence in the Senate Chamber? The member
of this House, if he had calmly reflected, would
have seen that disparagement and invective,
under such circumstances, whether historical or
personal, would inevitably recoil upon a speaker
I who could so far forget the dignity of the place
i and the proprieties of the occasion as to indulge
in both. The fame of South Carolina and the
! repute of her absent Senator required no avenger.
The offensive parts of the speecn delivered by the
Senator from Massachusetts were exposed and
replied to; among others, by the eminent ^nator
I from Michigan, his personal friend, in the most
cutting terms of reproof, before the sitting was
closed on which the speech was ended.
But the resentment of the assailing member
was not to be appeased cither by the fact that the
