1566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Mr. FITZPATRICK. What is the motion
now before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator from Florida to move the
printing of the report, not including the maps.
The question now is on referring the question of
printing the maps to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I understand that
perhaps the two small maps, which I hold in my
liand, are all that are necessary to be printed to
enable us to comprehend the report, and it will
take but a^hort time to print them. The ques-
tion in regard to the armory is one of some im-
portance. 1 have not yet had time to look into it.
On a former occasion, when the subject was ,
under consideration, there seemed to be a want
of information in reference to matters connected
with the plan of this city; and one objcct which
I had in view in submitting the resolution was,
to elicit all the information that could be obtained
so as to enable the Senate to judge accurately of
all the facts in connection with this armory, and
the effect of its proposed location on the public
grounds. These are the only maps which it is
"important, as I am told by gentlemen who have
looked at them. As I came in, while the ques-
tion was pending, I have not had time to exam-
ine them-, but I really think that the printing of
these maps will not delay the action of the Sen-
ate upon the subject. They are very essential to
the understanding of the plan of the city, its par-
ticular locality, and streets. I trust my friend
from Arkansas will not insist on the motion to
exclude the printing of these maps to which I
have alluded. I do not know what others are
connected with the report.
Mr. STUART. The Senator will allow me to
interrupt him for a moment. I think that this
difficulty may be arranged by referring the ques-
tion of the printing and engraving of the maps to
the Committee on Printing. They can report
to^morrow in favor of the printing of such as they
think should be printed. It is impossible for the
Senate to determine whether these maps shall be
printed or not without an inspection, and that is
impracticable. But the committee can inspect
them, and can report to us to-morrow which maps
it is necessary to print.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am satisfied that
these maps arc the most important part of the
report. Without them, I should really think that
the report was not worth much, for the maps
contain the most essential information desired.
Mr. BROWN. I wish to inquire of my friend
from Alabama whether it is the expectation that
action on the question shall be delayed until the
printed maps are returned ?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I presume so; but that
is for the Senate to decide.
Mr. BROWN. If that be the case, we shall
not be able to get the question before us during
this session. We know the delay which neces-
sarily attends the engraving of maps. It is not
a work that can be done like a mere ordinary job
of printing, which, in a well-established office,
may be dispatched in a few hours. Some one
must be employed to do this work; it takes time
to do it; and if we wait for it, we shall delay the
consideration of the question perhaps for several
months—I think almost certainly until the next
session of Congress. I am unwilling that that
shall be done. This is a simple question, whether
the armory shall stand on one spot of ground, or
shall be taken somewhere eise; and, upon my
word, I have never seen the least necessity for any
map in regard to it. Any Senator can walk in
five minutes to the place where the armory is
being built, and judge for himself whether it is
the proper location for it. If he thinks it is, he
can vote against removing it. He will certainly
understand more of the question by looking at
the grounds than by maps. If this were a matter
relating to a locality in California, or Oregon, or
some other remote country, I could sec some sort
ot necessity for having maps; but to have a map
to show where a building stands which is within
three hundred yards of the Capitol—it mav be a
little over three hundred, but it certainly "is not
six hundred yards—does seem to me to be wholly
unnecessary for any practical result. I think the
better way of settling the question in the minds
of Senators would be to go and inspect the ground
itself, instead of inspecting a map.
Mr. JOHNSON. I concur with what the Sen-
ator from Mississippi has said. The proposition
to print these maps seems to me to be as unrea-
sonable a thing as could be presented; It will of
course create delay in the consideration of the
subject. The engravingand printing of the maps
must necessarily be done according to law. If
it is done according to law, it must take time,
and the work must be regularly advertised and
let. It must go through the whole form and pro-
cess usual in such cases. We cannot get it done
in any other way according to law, and when
it will be done it is very difficult to tell. I ask
anyone to tell me now if it is possible for you
to mention any particular time when the work
will be finished, or when similar work already
let will be finished ? We are now at nearly the
end of the session. The selection of the grounds
for the armory has already been made. I under-
stand that its location is objected to, but I believe
those interested have gone on to some extent in
providing for the erection of the armory at that
point. Whether the location is a proper one or
not I do not know; but it can be easily ascertained.
If you allow the subject to lie over until these
maps are finished, the end of the session must
come, and then the judgment of the Executive,
whatever it may be, will be carried out, at least
to such an extent that it will be foolish, if not
impossible, to change it, and the appeal which
has been made here against the action of the Ex-
ecutive will be lost by the delay.
Now, in reference to these maps, what are
they for if not for the inspection of Senators?
They are for the inspection of Senators and nobody
else. Are we so numerous a body that the maps
which accompany this report, and which are
now held in the hands of tne Senator from Ala-
bama, cannot be examined by us? If any Sen-
ator desires to inform himself in regard to them,
he can do so by looking at the maps on our table.
Senators who are not satisfied with them—and
several there may be for aught I know—as it is
not far, I think not more than three hundred
yards from this Capitol, may go and view the
ground on which the armory is proposed to be
erected.
The subject-matter is before us under these
circumstances. If the object be to defer and de-
feat the action of the Senate by interposing a
delay of this character, let these maps be printed
and engraved; for I think that will accomplish
the object. I do not believe, as a member of the
Committee on Printing and Engraving of this
body, that these maps can be finished soon
enough to allow us a reasonable and fair oppor-
tunity of considering the subject. It is a very
small one in itself, and I imagine that it will
consume no great amount of time to take up the
subject and dispose of it. I- believe that the
length of time which must be consumed in the
engraving of these maps will be destructive of
the ends which we have in view.
If the object be to obtain light in reference to
future action, there is no necessity for printing
the maps, because they are here, and can be ex-
amined. The document itself can be printed, and
be here to-morrow morning, if necessary, with-
out the maps; but the plats furnished by the
Department are on the table, and can be inspected
by any Senator. The grounds arc in the neigh-
borhood, and can be seen by every one. What
more can be desired, unless the object is delay,
with a view to the defeat of the purpose of the
protcstants against this location? This body
may concur in the selection made by the Execu-
tive—I do not know about that—but at least we
should be left free to act, and no interposition
should be allowed which will defeat the exercise
of that power on our part.
Mr, HALE. I made the motion to print the
maps; but if it is to have any such effect as is
suggested by the Senator from Arkansas, I shall
certainly withdraw it. I made it, thinking that
it would be important for the Senate to have bo-
fore them the information which I understood
was contained in these maps—the original plan
of the public grounds, as designed by Washing-
ton, and the encroachments which have been
made on them. I do not care what state of prog-
ress this armory may be in, I shall vote for
removing it; and I should be very glad if there
could be included in the vote by which we re-
move this building, a proposition to remove the
Smithsonian Institution from the grounds—every
brick of it—because I think it is a nuisance, and
mars the beauty of the Mall. But, if it is to
have any such effect as the Senator from Arkan-
sas suggests, I will withdraw my motion and let
it go,
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I hardly suppose that
the Senator from Mississippi, and the Senator
from Arkansas, meant to impute tome the motive
of desiring delay.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not impute to my
friend from Alabama anything of that sort,
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am sure of that. I
do not know a party who will be affected by this
question. I have never thought it necessary to
walk to the grounds and ascertain the particular
locality. My simple object was, as this report
was prepared with great care, and there seemed
to be an anxiety to understand the history and
plan of the city as originally laid out, to have the
information put in such a form as to enable the
Senate to judge correctly on the subject.
Like the Senatorfrom New Hampshire, if this
motion were to result simply in delay, I would
not support or propose it. 1 am not anxious to
procrastinate the action of the Senate on this
question. I have no feeling on earth in reference
to it. I have no purpose to subserve, and am not
prompted by anybody or by any such consid-
eration. My whole object is to get all the inform-
ation possible before the Senate. If the Senate
think they have all the information necessary to
enable them to vote on this subject, I am con-
tent. The maps are here, and I can examine
them for myself.
It is said that by delay increased expenses have
accrued, and will accrue, in the shape of damages
for this building. I will say to gentlemen on the
opposite side of the question that, so far as ex-
pense is concerned, we had information of it be-
fore us when the original resolution was reported
and adopted. If you look at that report, you
will find an estimate made of the expenses already
incurred, and the consequential damages which
Congress will doubtless pay. There we have,
staring us in the face, the amount of $24,000—
almost as much, if I am not mistaken, as the ori-
ginal contract provided should be the cost of the
work. Hence I say, that nothing is to be gained
by delay. 1 do not wish to retard the action of
Congress on this measure. If it be important
and right, on an investigation, that the building
should be removed and carried to another loca-
tion, be it so. If its present location blurs or
mars the prospects of the public grounds, I am one
of those who would vote for a changc of location;
but I am not fully informed on this subject, and
therefore I want all the information I can get.
My sole object in introducing the resolution
was to elicit all the information possible for the
purpose of settling this question, and enabling
us to vote understandingly on it. If it be the
sense of the Senate that the printing of these
maps will delay action on the work, and if my
colleague on the Committee on Printing [Mr.
Johnson] be correct in his view, that it will take
considerable time to prepare the maps, I shall
not urge the publication of them. I took k for
granted, and I believe now, that they can be
printed in a short time. We cannot reach this
question before the day fixed for private business,
which is next Friday, and it occurred to me that,
if we were to make haste in this matter, the maps
could be ready on that day. Whether they can
or not, I shall not say. My colleague on the
Committee on Printing is better informed on that
point than I am. These maps are small, and,
according to my observation, such works are
done quickly. But my only object in this matter
has been to learn all I can,ond to develop all the
information possible, to enable the Senate to vote
correctly on the subject.
Mr. BROWN. There is one remark of my
friend from Alabama to which I wish to reply,
and only one, and that is m relation to the last
report which we had on this subject, estimating
the damages which we should be compelled to
pay if we arrested the erection of this building at
this time. I know very well that there was such
a report sent here as the Senator speaks of; and
if this question ever could have been brought
under the consideration of the Senate, I think I
was prepared to show that that was a most mon-
strous report assuming to charge the Government
for a building not erected, the foundation of wluch
