1856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
631
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Resignation of P. S. Brooks—Mr. Brooks,
Ho. op Reps.
attack was provoked, or that its «' wnpatnohe and
Vn-Jmerican" character had b«sen reprehended
and exposed. Nor was it to be by any token of
mere indignity and disgrace. It sought the inflic-
tion, not merely of an ignominious, but a san-
fuinary punishment, by a succession of violent
lows with a cane over the most vital and unpro-
tected part of the Senator's person, without any
apparent regard to the serious, if not fatal, results j
which might ensue. j
Members of Congress are assembled here as j
law-makers. When they forget the high trust i
with which they are invested, and become not
merely breakers of law, but commit breaches of
the peace, they exemplify, not civilized, but sav-
age liberty, liiertas quidlibel facienii; they act in
practical subservience to a higher law than the le-
gal Government of the land; or they may properly
be eaid to be in subjection to brute force, which is
an instinct oftheiowest taw ofournature. Nothing
but the absolute dominion of law, however re-
strictive and distasteful, caul presence the liberties
we boast, since the first lesson of high civilization
and enlightened freedom is that which teaches
implicit and unquestioning obedience to its man-
dates—that first lesson of which northern resisters
of fugitive slave laws, southern pugilists, and
sympathizing filibusters, have much to learn.
It is intimated in the minority report, and the
argument has been repeated on this floor, that
the injury complained of could be well redressed,
without any intervention of Congress, by the
ordinary judicatures of the country. Is such a
suggestion well founded ? Does a pecuniary pen-
alty give this adequate redress? Can we pass
this by as only an aggravated assault, perpe-
trated by one private person on another ? It is
impossible so to regard it. Consequences have
followed which no sentence or verdict of an or-
dinary court can repair. Massachusetts has
been deprived for weeks of the votes and ser-
vices of her Senator by a violent assault upon
his person. Can a civil court recompense ner
for the loss of her representative, in the shape
of damages for his sufferings ? "Will the fine of !
three hundred dollars, which has been imposed
by the criminal court of this city, soothe her
sensibilities, wounded through his degradation,
or avenge the indignity of such aa affront offered
to Congress and the country?
I regard every blow which was struck at the-
Senator as a blow dealt upon the honor of this
nation—as a blow aimed at the dignity of the
honored Commonwealth of Massachusetts—as
a blow inflicted on the Senate of the United
States, and as a blow deeply affecting the reputa-
tion of this House. I shall, therefore, vote in
favor of the first resolution reported by the ma-
jority of the committee; and, with a view to this,
1 shall ask, at die proper time, for a division of
the question on the two resolutions.
RESIGNATION OF PRESTON 8. BROOKS.
SPEECH OF HON. P. S. BROOKS,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
Jk tbjs House of Reprecevtai'ive*.,
July 14, 1856,
On resigning his seat as a Member of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress.
Mr. BROOKS said:
Mr. Speaker: Until this moment I have felt
that there was a propriety in my remaining silent,
and in trusting my defense to friends who are
abler and more learned than myself. I have here-
tofore felt that other and higher interests than
any which affect me personally were involved in
the proceedings of this case. The interests of
my constituents, of this House, and of all, in-
deed, who are concerned in the Constitution itself,
in my view, have been intimately and inseparably
complicated.
[Here Mr. Brooks was interrupted by Mr.
GlDDIVG8, &c.]
Sir, I am indebted to the Hous<* for even this
much courtesy. I was about remarking that
there were higher interests than my own involved
in this matter. I have been content, therefore,
to meet personally and in silence all the conse-
quences of these proceedings.
Some time since a Senator from Massachu-
setts allowed himself, in an elaborately prepared
speech, to offer a gross insult to my State and to
a venerable friend, who is my State representa-
tive, and who was absent at the time.
Not content with that, he published to the
world, and circulated extensively, this uncalled-
for libel on my State and my blood. Whatever
insults my State insults me. Her history and i
character nave commanded my pious veneration; I
and in her defense I hope I shall always be pre-
pared, humbly and modestly, to perform the duty
of a son. I should have forfeited my own self-
respect, and perhaps the good opinion of my ,
| countrymen, if I had failed to resent such an in-
, jury by calling the offender in question to a per-
sonal account. It was a personal affair, and in
> taking redress into my own hands I meant no
disrespect to the Senate of the United States or
to this House. Nor, sir, did I design insult or
disrespect to the State of Massachusetts. I was
aware of the personal responsibilities 1 incurred,
and-wag willing to meet them. I knew, too, that
I was amenable to the laws of the country, which
afford the same protection to all, whether they be
members of Congress or private citizens. I did
not, and do not now, believe that I could be
Eroperly punished, not only in a court of law,
ut here also, at the pleasure and discretion of the
House. I did not then, and do not now, believe
that the spirit of American freemen would tolerate
slander in high places, and permit a member of
Congress to publish and circulate a libel on
another, and then call upon either House to pro-
tect him against the personal responsibilities
which he had thus incurred.
But if I had committed a breach of privilege, it
was the privilege of the Senate, and not of this
House, which was violated. I was answerable
there, and not here. They had no right, as it
seems to me, to prosecute me in these Halls, nor
have you the rignt in law or under the Constitu-
tion, as I respectfully submit, to take jurisdiction
over offenses committed against them. The Con-
stitution does not justify them in making such a
request, nor this House in granting it. If, unhap-
pily, the day should ever come when sectional or
party feeling should run so high as to control all
other considerations of public duty or justice,
how easy will it be to use such precedents for the
excuse of arbitrary power, in either House, to
expel members of the minority who may have
rendered themselves obnoxious to the prevailing
spirit in the House to which they belong.
Matters may go smoothly enough when one
House asks the other to punish a member who
is offensive to a majority of its own body; but
I how will it be when, upon a pretense of insulted
dignity, demand* are made of this House to expel
I a member who happens to run counter to its
party predilections, or other demands which .it
may not be so agreeable to grant ? It could never
have been designed by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States to expose the two Houses to such tempt-
ations to collision, or to extend so far the discre-
tionary power which was given to either House
to punish its own members for the violation of
its rules and orders. Discretion has been said
to be the law of the tyrant, and when exercised
under the color of the law, and under the influ-
ence of party dictation, it may and will become
a terrible and insufferable despotism.
This House, however, it would seem, from the
unmistakable tendency of its proceedings, takes
a different view from that which I deliberately
entertain in common with many others.
So faras public interests or constitutional rights
are involved, I have now exhausted my means of
defense. 1 may, then, be allowed to take a more
personal view of the question at issue. The
further prosecution of this subject, in the shape
it has now assumed, may not only involve my
friends, but the House itself in agitations which
might be unhappy in their consequences to the
country. If these consequences could be con-
fined to myself individually, I think I am pre-
pared and ready to meet them, here or elsewhere;
and when I use this language I mean what I say.
But others must not suffer for me. I have felt
more on account of my two friends who have
been implicated, than for myself, for they have
proven that " there is a friend that sticketh closer
than a brother." I will not constrain gentlemen
to assume a responsibility on my account, which
possibly they would not on their own.
Sir, I cannot, on my own account, assume the
responsibility, in the face of the American peo-
ple, of commencing a line of conduct whicn in
my heart of hearts 1 believe would result in sub-
verting the foundations of this Government, and
in drenching this Hall in blood. No act of mine,
and on my personal account, shall inaugurate
revolution; but when you, Mr. Speaker, return to
your own home, and hear the people of the great
North—and they are a great people—speak of me
as a bad man, you will do me the justice to say
that a blow struck by me at this time would be
followed by revolution—and this 1 know. [Ap-
plause and hisses in the gallery .1
The SPEAKER announced that, if any such
demonstrations were repeated, the galleries should
be cleared.
.Mr. BROOKS, (turning to the gentlemen's
gallery.) If I have any friends in the gallery, I
appeal to them to be quiet.
At the same time, Mr. Speaker, I am not will-
ing to see the Constitution wounded through
me; nor will I submit voluntarily to a wrong if I
can avoid it. 1 will not voluntarily give my name
to countenance parliamentary misrule or consti-
tutional aggression. If I am to be tried again for
the matter now before us, 1 will choose my own
tribunal. I will appeal from this House to my
own constituents. If an expression of public
opinion is to be invoked in my case, let my con-
stituents and my fellow-citizens pronounce upon
it. From that verdict I will not appeal. The
temper of the times is not favorable for a calm
and dispassionate judgment of the case ; and if,
by any act of mine, I can save the majority of
this House from the consequences of a rash de-
cision, the time may come when the good men
yho are pursuing me—and I believe there are
such in the Opposition—will admit that I deserve
their thanks for the deed. The ax that is up-
lifted to strike me may fall upon others, and fall
upon them after they nave parted with the pliield
of the Constitution to protect them.
For myself I have only to say that, if J cannot
preserve my self-respect and constitutional rights,
together with a seat in this body, I must renounce
the last rather than the former.
I have no desire, sir, to continue an argument
which my friends have exhausted. The determ-
ination of the majority is fixed, and it is in
vain to resist it. I will make no appeal to a
packed jury, but I protest against its inconsist-
encies and its usurpations. During this session
the charge was openly mad* by a member from
the State of Pennsylvania on this floor, that
another, [Mr. Pearce,] who is his colleague,
had been guilty of an attempt to bribe, and no
proceedings were instituted in the case. Do the
majority of this House propose to instruct the
American people, from their high position, that
bribery is excusable, and simple assault and bat-
tery a crime ? That is the lesson, and you are
the teachers. At the first session of the last
Congress a member leaped from his seat, and,
while the Speaker was in his chair, he passed
over several tables towards his antagonist, who
drew a weapon in defense, and neither gentle-
| man was subject to the censure of this House,
j As was appropriately remarked by my friend
I from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] the as-
j saulting member—and it is not for me to say a
word against him, for personally I like him—
; has now the most lucrative office in the gift of this
] House, and was elected by the unanimous vote
' of the very men who are now conspiring to inflict
1 punishment upon me.
And in whose behalf is this extraordinary
stretch of constitutional power invoked ? Sir, I
do not intend to violate any rule of this House,
or of parliamentary courtesy, but it cannot be
denied that he is,par excellence, the representative
of a sovereignty which is at this instant in open,
statutory rebellion—not to a simple rule of a
single House, but to the Constitution and laws
of the United State* of America. Massachusetts
