1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1567
was not yet laid, within a few hundred dollars of
as much as the Government was to pay for it
when the whole work was completed. That was
the report which was sent to you. I do not say
that any officer of this Government would have
paid public money upon such an estimate; but I
do pretend to say that, if any officer had dared
thus to outrage the public interest, he would have
deserved impeachment.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The gentleman will
not understand me as saying that any officer
would pay for it.
Mr. BROWN. No, sir; but I understand the
Senator to say that certain estimates were sent
here.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Yes, sir.
Air. BIIO WN. And therefore the damages had
accrued! That heavy damages %vere estimated
for, I grant you, sir; §15,000 I think it was, or
somewhere in that neighborhood, of consequential
damages on a contract of less than $30,000! This
was an estimate sent here, undertaking to alarm
Senators who had not time to investigate this
subject to the bottom; showing that we should
have to pay $.25,000 on a contract which only
amounted to $28,000, for a building the founda-
tion of which had not been laid, and one fourth
of the material of which had not been purchased!
Any one who will take the trouble to investi-
gate that report will see how utterly futile all
such estimates are. I never supposed that this
Government was going to pay parties for work
which they had not done, or pay them damages
on material which they had not purchased. I
supposed that the material which they had pur-
chased would betaken off their hands at cost,
and that they would be paid a fair and liberal
allowance for all that had been done; and if there
were any (not estimated, but actual consequential)
damages, the Government would pay them; but
I never supposed, as is shown in that report, that
mechanics would be allowed to make out their
own bill, present it, and have the Government pay
it. Nordo I supposeso yet. Therefore, I think
my friend from Alabama is entirely mistaken as
to the consequential damages.
Mr. STUART. As the motion now stands, I
believe it is to print the message and maps.
Mr. JOHNSON. The motion to print the
maps was withdrawn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on referring the proposition to print the maps
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. STUART. I was going to make that
motion, and hope the Senate will take a vote on
it. I do not see why the motion To print the
maps may not be referred to the Committee on
Printing at once.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let me suggest that the
motion to print the maps was withdrawn by the
Senator from New Hampshire. There is nothing
now before the Senate but the motion to print tile
document itself.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
have already ordered the printing of the report.
ThASenator from Arkansas was understood to
move to refer the question of printing the maps
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not move it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That motion is withdrawn.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I make the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question,
then, is on the motion of the Senator from Ala-
bama to refer to the Committee oil Printing the
proposition to print the maps.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of
William F. Lovell, of the United States Navy,
prayin0- that the same extra pay may be allowed
to the officers and seamen who accompanied the
expedition to the Arctic regions in search of Di.
Kane, that was allowed to those under Lieutenant
De Haven; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs. . . .
Mr. FISH presented the proceedings of apublic
nuM-tin0* of merchants una citizens, held m the
citv of New York, in favor of a reform m the
postal system of the United States; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. . ,
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of David
Geisinger, a captain in the Navy, who has been
placed upon the reserved list, praying for such
redress as Congress may deem just; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. COLLAMER presented the proceedings
of a public meeting held at Santa Fe, in New
Mexico, in relation to the mail facilities in that
Territory; which were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. TOUCEY presented the petition of Alfred
Bassett, and others, members of a company of
Connecticut militia in the war of 1812, praying
to be allowed bounty land; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of citizens
of Arkansas, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Pine Bluff to Aberdeen, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee' on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Adolphus Allen, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
SENATE LIBRARY.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of having a suitable
room fitted up for a Senate library, and the appointment of
a proper person to take cnarge of the same.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Micha Cartner, widow of Henry Cartner, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was concurred
in, and ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the petition of Samuel Warner,
submitted an adverse report; which was con-
curred in, and ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial of Thomas Howard, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs; which
was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to -whom was referred the petition of
James Shackelford and others, praying for extra
compensation as watchmen at the Washington
navy-yard, submitted an adverse report; which
was concurred in.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Thomas Ewbank,
praying for an appropriation to test certain im-
provements made by him in the mode of con-
structing paddles of steamers, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was concurred in.
Mr. POSTER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Catharine V. R. Cochran, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 362) for the
relief of Catharine V. R. Cochran, sole surviving
child of the late General Philip Schuyler; which
was read a first time, and passed to a second read-
in0'. The report was ordered to be printed.
Rlr. EVANS. The petition of Lucy Tate, for
a pension, has heretofore been referred to the
Committee on Pensions, who reported against it.
The first application was made to the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, who refused it. The perse-
vering agent came here, had it presented to the
Committee on Pensions, and they refused it.
This session it was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, who reported adversely
to it. Subsequently it was referred back to them
on what was said to be additional testimony,
which turns out to be nothing in the world but
an argument, copying one which had been there
before. I am directed by the committee to repoit
it back, and ask to be discharged from itsfurther
consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the
relief of John Scott, Hill W. House, and Samuel
L. House; which was read the first time, and
ordered to a second reading.
BUST OF CHIEF JUSTICE RUTLEDGE.
Mr PEARCE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Library, to whom was referred a
resolution of the Senate directing them to inquire
into the propriety of providing for a bust of Judge
Rutledge, to report a bill for that object. «I sub-
mit a report on t^e subject, which Task may be
printed.
The bill (S. No. 363) to procure a bust, in
marble, of the late Chief Justice John Rutledge,
was read a first time, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope my friend from Mary-
land will call for the passage of the bill now. I
presume there will be no objection to it. There
are some considerations which should induce its
passage at once. I believe there is an artist in
some measure dependent on it. X hope it will be
passed at once.
Mr. PEARCE. I have not the least objection,
if the Senator desires it to be acted on.
The bill was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
require the Joint Committee of the two Houses
on the Library to contract with a suitable artist
for the execution, in marble, and delivery in the
room of the Supreme Court, of a bust of the late
Chief Justice John Rutledge, for which purpose
it appropriates §800.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WELLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill prescribing
the manner in which the money appropriated by
the act approved 5th May, 1854, in regard to
expenses incurred by the State of California in
suppressing Indian hostilities, shall be paid; which
was read a first time, and ordered to a second
reading, and to be printed.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
411) for the admission of the State of Kansas
into the Union, have had the same under con-
sideration, and have directed me to report it back
with an amendment. The amendment is to strike
out the preamble, and also the whole of the bill
after the enacting clause, and insert the bill passed
by the Senate last week. I am also directed to
ask its consideration at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection to its consideration. The
amendment will be read, if desired.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is the bill which was
passed the other day, word for word, as an
amendment to the bill of the House. It is printed
and on the tables of Senators, and I suppose no
Senator desires it to be read. If he does desire
it, it can be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the com-
mittee. . . ,
Mr. SEWARD. As this question is under-
stood by the Senate, undoubtedly, and has been
very fully debated, it is not my purpose or desire,
unnecessarily, to discuss the subject; but I rise
for the purpose of asking for the yeas and nays
on the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will it be m order to
offer an amendment after the yeas and nays are
ordered ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS addressed the Senate at some
length. His remarks will appear in the Appen-
.^Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I have had
occasion to address the Senate on this subject be-
fore, because I thought it was demanded by the
position in which the Senate had placed me. They
appointed me a member of the Committee on
Territories, and when I have differed in opinion
from the majority of the committee, I have felt
it to be my duty to make that difference of opin-
ion known. I thought this was a duty which I
owed to the Senate", and I have endeavored to
state, as fairly and as distinctly as I could, the
^rounds for the opinions which I maintain. I
understood, too, that it was the universal usage
of this body, after the chairman of a committee
had spoken in support of the report of the com-
mittee, for those who presented the views of the
minority to sustain them. I "have attempted
heretofore to perform this duty. It appears that
it now occurs to me again. The chairman has
