1568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8.
made a report this morning, in regard to which 1
differ from the majority of the committee. He
has briefly stated his views, and 1 suppose that
duty requires of me to state to this body the rea-
sons which govern me in differing in opinion from
him and the committee on this subject. In obc-
1 dieoce to this duty, which I understand to be de-
volved on me by an appointment that has been
-conferred on me, I shall proceed as briefly as I
may to state the grounds of my objection to this
proposition.
In the first place, I beg leave to remark that it
is not true that, because a bill upon its face is well
enough, it ought therefore to be sustained. This
bill may have upon its face no serious objections,
and yet, after all, there may be no foundation for
a man *s voting for it. Every lawyer will under-
stand me when I say that it is not true that every
bill in chancery and every declaration in a suit at
law can be and ought to be sustained becausc you
cannot demur to it. It may be well enough on
its face; you cannot demur to it, but that is no
reason for saying the suit should be sustained.
That depends on the other proofs and pleadings
in the case. The same remark is true of a bill
here. It may be well enough on its face; but the
state of the circumstances, the condition of things,
may be such as to-render it exceedingly inexpe-
dient and improper. That state of circumstances
must be brought forward in a suit at law, by pleas
setting them up, and not by demurrer. So in
this case: the facts which exist should bo pre-
sented, that we may see, upon a view of the bill
and the facts, whether the bill ought to pass. I
must therefore proceed in some measure to detail
what the facts are, and why it is that I cannot
sustain this measure, even though on its face it
may not apparently be objectionable.
I do not mean to consume my time by going
over the previous history which has led to the
present condition of things. It seems to me very
extraordinary thatgentlemen—as some have done
in this body—should call upon us to present our
plans and provisions for the purpose of meeting
And relieving the present exigency of affairs, and
at the same time say that wc must not present
those which require you to go back and undo
anything heretofore done. Sir, 1 know of no way
in which diseases of any kind, moral, political, or
physical, can ever be reached but by inquiring
into the cause of the difficulty; and the only true
and sound mode of redress and correction must be
by removing the cause of the difficulty. It will
not do to say to us that wc should give a system
to remove the difficulty, but must at the same
time take care not to touch the causes that pro-
duced it. This to me is exceedingly inconsistent,
unreasonable, and paradoxical.
Now, sir, however fair this bill may be fur
trying the experiment, as it is called, what ex-
periment is it that it proposes to try? The Sen-
ator from Illinois has just told us. It is to carry
out the experiment which was proposed in the
adoption of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. The
purpose, he says, is to carry out that experiment
fairly. That being the purpose of the bill, it is
proper that gentlemen who were opposed to the
project of the Nebraska-Kansas bill originally
should be called upon to aid in carrying out that
experiment. Is it reasonable to ask it? We
were opposed to the experiment altogether. We
should not be expected to aid m carrying out an
experiment against which we have all along pro-
tested. Certainly I think it is unreasonable to
expect it. I do not mean to be understood as
intimating that we -should be captious for the
purpose of defeating it. Though 1 may be
opposed to a bill altogether, I may be willing to
perfect it, so that, if it must pass contrary to my
wishes, it may be as little objectionable as pos-
sible. That is my rule of ethics in legislation.
If gentlemen have a better .one, they can adopt it
for themselves. It is not to be expected, how-
ever, that because amendments are made on the
motion of those who are opposed to the general
purposes of a bill, they are therefore to vote for
the bill.
Now, I wish to state briefly what were in my
mind the great objections to this experiment
ever having been begun, and then I will state
some reasons why I think it should not now be
attempted to be perfected in this way. What
was the experiment? It was that wo should
repeal the Missouri compromise, set aside all the
assurances of quiet and repose which we gave to
the country in 1850, and set aside the compromise
of 1820; and, after that provision had been made
on the subject of slavery for all the Territories,
to throw it to the winds by declaring the whole
proceeding to be vacated.
What else did you do? Instead of having
this agitating subject discussed and settled by
Congress—by the nation—you said you would
turn it over to the people who might happen to
go into this Territory thereafter, for there were
none there when this act was passed.
We objected to both the features of the exper-
iment. We protested, from the beginning, that
the compromises which had been made, and the
repose which had been settled, should not be de-
stroyed. In the next place, we said that a sub-
ject m which the whole community was interested
should not be turned over to local legislation and
local action in the Territory. It involved ques-
tions in which the whole nation had an interest,
which affected the weight of power in this body,
and therefore was not a proper subject for local
arrangement and local legislation. Further, we
were of opinion that the doctrine of popular sover-
eignty, sometimes called squatter sovereignty, as
applied in that way, was nothing but an apple of
discord, a bone of contention, which would turn
this whole region into a scene of discord, anarchy,
confusion, and violence. We thought this must be
its ultimate results, for we had seen that in this
body, restrained as gentlemen are by a proper
sense of propriety, and by the rules of decorum
that govern debate, the subject could not be dis-
cussed with a degree of peace securing any fair
result, and at the same time preserving the honor
and dignity of the body. Much less, we thought,
could it be turned over with impunity to such
people as those there, to discuss and settle it.
These, succinctly stated, were some of our ob-
jections to the experiment which has been entered
upon. I do not wish to call any improper names,
but I must say that we think it was a great polit-
ical mistake. I am very much inclined to think
that many will not only say it was a great mis-
take, but a wrong, and a great moral wrong.
There are others who do not join us now, but
who think it was a great blunder, which has been
pronounced to be, iu politics, woise than a crime.
The events which have transpired since the ex-
periment was set on foot, must have convinced
people of that fact. It is notto be expected, how-
ever, that gentlemen here will acknowledge it and
retrace their steps; but yet there are men in the
community who acknowledge all this, and, at the
same time, say it ought not to be corrected—it
ought not to be redressed, though it was wrong.
I do not understand the propriety of the ethics
which can guide men to such a result. I can-
not see why a wrong should not at once be re-
dressed.
Again, when we are told to have no more dis-
cussion, no more agitation, it looks so like the
policy of masterly inactivity until you can get a
chance to snatch another triumph.
Such, Mr. President, are briefly the objections
which I have in my own mind, and which no
doubt govern many other gentlemen, to under-
taking to aid in carrying out an experiment which
we think was altogether wrong in its inception,
and in all its parts.
In the next place, wc object to this, because,
since the experiment has been attempted, it has
not been conducted, we think, with the fairness
which was promised. It was said that the peo-
ple who should settle in the Territory should be
left " perfectly free to form and regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way." We
do not believe that assurance has been kept.
They have not been left free. Influences and
powers have been brought to bear on them, re-
ducing them to a condition of things that renders
the attempt at a fair experiment utterly impossi-
ble. I need nor recapitulate at much length these
matters. The fact is, that, instead of the people
of Kansas being let free to form their institutions
m their own way, the people of a neighboring
State have passed mupon them in large numbers
at their most important crisis—when they were
electing their Territorial Legisla ture. They passed
in to the amount of five thousand, and with force
and violence, with aims and intimidation, took
possession of the polls, and elected for them pro-
fessedly a Territorial Legislature. That Legis-
lature, by its laws, and by its officers, has shaped
the present condition of the population.
Now, we think that assurance under which it
was said this experiment should be tried has not
been redeemed; the public plighted faith has not
been kept; and therefore the experiment should
not go oil under such unfair preparation.
Again, sir: not merely have they been thus
overawed, conquered, subdued, subj ugated, passed
under the yoke, but a great deal of violence, which
even those laws did not call for and do not justify,
has been in point of fact exercised over that peo-
ple. Under the color of sheriffs' possey and some
times under the color of pretended decisions of
their courts, the property of the people has been
destroyed, their buildings have been burnt, their
printing offices have been suppressed, the people
have been hunted out, they have been hung, they
have been murdered, their cattle have been killed
in their presence, one after another has been
warned out until they would give assurance to
leave the Territory. They have been run out of
the Territory by this violence in great numbers.
I am utterly incapable of describing what the con-
dition of things there is from the results of these
acts of violence. I should say that the very words
of Curran, as applied at one period to Ireland,
might be applied, and with much more truth, to
this Territory. He asked, " Where shall we look
for the wretched inhabitants of the land ?M You
may find them in a jail, the only place of security,
I had almost said of ordinary habitation. Yes,
sir, you may find them manacled—guarded by
United States soldiers as pretended traitors. You
may find them fleeing from the midnight blaze of
their own dwellings—true. You may find their
bones bleaching on the green fields of the country—
literally true. You may find them hunted off to
a returnless distance from their country and their
home. That is its condition, truly its condition
without any figures of rhetoric.
Mr. President, in that state of things, I ask,
how can we suppose that the discussion necessa-
rily incident to settling the condition of their
Territory, by the forming of a constitution, and
especially on this agitating subject which divides
them, can be conducted there now with fairness ?
I take it, that an election of this kind implies that
the people shall have an opportunity of discuss-
ing the main subject of difficulty—the point of
difference amongst them—and discuss it freely
and candidly. I ask gentlemen, in all seriousness,
m all candor, do you believe that, in the present
condition of that Territory, any such discussion
can be indulged in—seriously, do gentlemen
believe any such thing?
Again, it implies that these people may meet,
as is the practice in all our States, to some extent,
and especially in some parts of the country.
There, on all subjects of public concernment, thf3
people meet together, and the gentlemen who
entertain different views take the stump, as they
say, that is, they mount the rostrum, discuss the
subject before the people, and the people discuss
it themselves. Does not that necessarily imply
a condition of society which, we all knowf does
not exist in Kansas?
Again, sir, it is implied, I take it, in the con-
ducting of an election in relation to a matter of
public concern, that the people shall have the use
of their presses; that they shall have a fair op-
portunity to use the freedom of the press on the
different sides. Do we not, all of us, very well
know that, after one press has been destroyed at
Leavenworth, and thrown into the river, and
another at some place I cannot name, and re-
cently at Lawrence the printing office was utterly
destroyed, and declared a nuisance, the idea of
the use of the freedom of the press, in the discus-
sion of this great topic among that people, is
altogether unfounded and untrue? There is
nothing of that kind permitted there.
Such, briefly,arc the reasons why,in the pres-
ent state of things, and especially in the manner
in which that state of things has been produced,
I think this experiment is now impracticable. I
will not call it a bad name, but it seems to me like
a mockery. All idea of discussion, and a fair
decision of the great question amongst that people,
in the present condition of affairs there, is to mo
perfectly childish and preposterous.
But, Mr. President, why is it that this experi-
ment is thus commenced at this time, and enter-
tained by this body? The gentleman who has
